
Azazel
By
Muhammad Farukh









May, 2020










This world is full of Devils
And
Hell wants them to get filled.

Chapter 1
Somewhere in Europe, April 3rd, 11:15 a.m.
The pounding of a heart entered the room of darkness that surrounded it. It slowly approached him and at the same time the presence of the associated body increased. In his world of darkness, he had to sharpen his remaining senses to find out what happened to him.
The soft rustle of clothing reached his ear. It didn't sound as soft and full as normal fabric, but crackled more. A paper surgical suit maybe? An almost imperceptible breath of wind brushed the sensitive skin of his face as the person turned away from him almost jerkily. Hardly noticeable typing and clicking came to his ear. So she put something into what was called a computer.
He had never understood the meaning of it. Why spend countless hours collecting data and then not experiencing anything that you don't already know? What made people waste their already miserable lifetimes with senseless attempts to unravel secrets that, even if solved, would give the discoverer nothing but new questions that would start it all over again?
If he could have shaken his head, he would have done it now. But that was the crucial basic problem of his unwanted stay (or, to put it briefly, his imprisonment) here: he was completely immobile, only his thoughts were free. Not that they tied him up or chained him up, they couldn't and they knew that very well. Besides, that would be pretty primitive and uncivilized. No, shackles didn't hold him, but they had come up with a much more perfidious means: chemistry.
He was given an injection every day of this hellishly painful solution, against which he was simply powerless. It was enriched with a silver compound, because in one Careless moment they had found out that the precious metal was corrosive (in the truest sense of the word) for him and paralyzed him. He had to pay for his only slight negligence in all these years.
What humans had done to him in all his decades of imprisonment was nothing compared to now. He couldn't resist if they cut him open; they did not even allow him to scream when they dissected him alive. And they had never even known about this cruelty. And for that he envied and hated them the most: their complete ignorance of what they did to him. They thought he was passed out. I thought wrong.
His body degraded the toxic metal again, but they kept the silver level in his blood, so he had no chance against the coma. But his mind was wide awake and saw everything around him. But he was encapsulated from his body; dense blackness blocked his way back. So he had to lie there and endure whatever came.
The person staggered away from him. Why hadn't he noticed that earlier? It was the woman who went through the data of the previous night with the doctor every day. His concentration was no longer the best. Well, not surprising after what-I-know-how-much time.
He had completely lost track of time in his black prison, but he was pretty sure it must have been several decades. But how many, whether two, three or maybe even five, he couldn't say with the best will in the world. Looking forward to further noises, he pricked up his ears. At that point, the doctor's typical slouching sounded. He had to have a walking mistake or something, because he had only heard such strange noises from him before.
"Hello Doctor," said the woman somewhat away from him, as always in French with an American twist. Paper rustled, he had to read the new documents.
"Any abnormalities?" Asked his scratchy bass in Belgian French.
"No, unfortunately none. Patient M’s condition is as usual. But the new laboratory values ​​of his skin samples are there, “answered her young soprano. True, they had cut off some skin on the outside of his arm not so long ago. As usual, it was healed within a few minutes.
“The skin shows remarkable values ​​in the subcutaneous area. It seems to be like a germ layer, an extremely large number of new cells form again and again. But so far we have unfortunately only been able to guess what the processes are because the body of this individual functions very differently from ours. But we have almost completed basic research and may be able to move on to phase two in a year, “the young woman told her older colleague.
"It is really remarkable. You should hurry up, the boss has threatened to cut the money if we don't present usable results soon, “said the latter several times the woman took a breath to say something, but no sound came from her lips.
"Come on, they say it already. I don't bite, “came the amused voice of the man. How he hated him. How he hated them all. Everything was so funny. To make you laugh.
"Well, I ... um ... well ... What I want to say ... Wouldn't it be quicker and easier if we got it out of a coma - too short -" she interrupted when the doctor hissed a sharp hiss, " fetch and question it? "
Even though the term neuter might be physically correct, he was strangely uncomfortable with the term. At home he had been an IT, but here either YOU or HE, depending on how he felt like it and what was appropriate.
But that was the chance of all chances. How long would he have to wait for a new one? Years? Decades? He just had to risk it. He pleaded his thoughts to the doctor: Come on, you want it too. Do you know how much I could reveal to you? You would become the most important scientists in the world. You could reveal eternal secrets. Isn't that what you've always wanted? Immortality is waiting for you. I can put the whole world at your feet; you just have to wake me up. He continued to flatter intensely.
"I feel so weird. My head ... it hurts ... "gasped the doctor.
Think of all the knowledge that I have. It would be yours alone.
Suddenly a loud beep that repeated itself at regular intervals entered his mind. "What is that?!” he heard the young woman cry out, "These measurements are amazing. The last time I saw that was when ... "but she paused in the middle of the sentence," ... when it almost woke up. "
Cursed! He had completely forgotten that. But as you know, you should make every mistake twice, just to be really sure. He grimaced inside. Even he sometimes made novice mistakes.
"I think it's awake ... It was awake all the time. Oh God ...”came the doctor's trembling voice, full of horrified knowledge of a truth that would have preferred to remain unspoken. They finally understood.
"Then you think it saw everything, all the time?" Asked the woman in a flat voice. Fabric rustled. Did the man nod?
"It is imperative to investigate this! Station A-5? ”, She said excitedly and there was a soft click.
"Yes, Madeleine here. What's Susann? ", He heard an unknown female voice answer. It sounded strange, almost tinny. There were only two people in this room, how could there be a third voice?!
"Susann?" The old man whispered, startled. Apparently she didn't notice it at all.
"Create a new protocol. Name X-141,”she dictated. But who? The doctor made no typing noises or the like. Who was she talking to? With the strange woman?
"Susann?” The colleague tried a second time.
"No not now. Better help me and send that, “rustled paper,
"At Department 3b in A-5." She stumbled a few steps away.
"Susann!” He now called vigorously and hurried after her.
"What is it? I told you to ...”
"I know what you're up to. Let it stay! You're welcome. To me for love, “urged the older man.
"Why not? You have to be open to new things. Your methods may have worked in the past, but now it's time to go one step further. ”Again, she stumbled a little.
"Susann ... believe me ... I've been here for thirty years. Trust me! You have no idea what it is capable of, “he now pleaded with her.
“That's exactly why we have to wake it up. After so long it will cooperate. I studied psychology on the side for years and worked with hundreds of patients. I know how people work. Now let me over. "
"But it's not a human being! Finally get it! IT'S NOT A HUMAN!!! It will be extremely hateful and take revenge. Did you forget the old recordings when you thought you could still tame them? Do you want a bloodbath??? ”, the doctor shouted at her. If he could have nodded, he would have done it now and applauded. The doctor had obviously understood it, in contrast to this Susann. What a hollow nut.
"You cannot prevent it. According to the Tuesday meeting, I am now head of this department and therefore have all rights. I will terminate you without notice for disregarding the authority and handicap of the department head's work. You have until twelve o'clock tomorrow to clear your workplace. And now, good afternoon Doctor Jansen, “the young woman replied frostily and finally stumbled away. The doctor - his name was Jansen - stayed behind, breathing heavily. He went up to him and did something bizarrely normal, wherever
Nothing was normal here: he sat on the end of the bed as if it were a visit to the sick among friends.
“Young people, they never want to listen to the voice of reason. It is to despair. But to whom do I tell you, you know that as well as I does, “said the older man into the silence of the room. He got a little pity for the man. A rare feeling from him, especially for people. But this confusion disappeared just as quickly as it had come. He remembered exactly what man had done to him. And he could never forgive that.
It's not your fault. He said circling the man's head. Maybe there was still a chance that he would help him get out. He only grumbled in agreement.
"You know ... I could hear you all these years. How you screamed and pleaded. All the agony in your voice. But I always deleted the data. They would have taken you away from me. ”A dry, humorless laugh escaped Doctor's throat:
"It's such an irony. I spent more time with you than with my wife and children. ”
Everything inside Azazel’s cramped in one fell swoop. He had WHAT??? He had been able to hear him all the time? And never blinked once when he had filleted it??? What was he??? "Monster" didn't do him anywhere near justice. It was something much worse, something for which there was no name.
Azazel grew sick with hate and anger. He had tortured him all the time and didn't even know it. That was the only way. He didn't want to consider the other. No, it was not true. He was hot and cold at the same time. No, it was the only logical explanation. But the thoughts in his head didn't want to fall silent.
Maybe he just didn't care, they whispered, he didn't care, maybe even amused. It made so much sense, it was so human. He shivered internally. So was he no more than an animal to humans? Then he would treat her that way too, he thought bitterly.
Please understand me. I just want to be free again, feel the wind under my wings and see the beauty of the world, your world. He whispered and swallowed his pride. He would like to throw something big, hard on the head, hit him over and over again until his blood and brain turned pink on the walls. But what did it bring him to reveal his true feelings if it didn't bring him any closer to freedom? Azazel could still hold him accountable. But first he had to get his body back. But it wasn't that far with his Self-control because his voice grew cold as ice.
But you will also have to atone for your sins; I do not forgive anything or anyone, especially you, you humans.
Damn. Inside he was furious and gritted his teeth. Now he had wiped everything out. But once again the man surprised him:
"Yes, yes, I understand you, somehow I understand you ... But I think you will be free soon," said the man to him, the last words almost in a whisper. He felt the doctor get up and walk to the head of his bed. The older man leaned down to his ear:
"I'm leaving out the injection today. Make something out of it. ”The warm breath tickled his ear and the doctor quickly disappeared.
Somewhere in Europe, April 3rd, 11:48 a.m.
He just lay there and let his mind wander. What else could he do? The effect of the chemical wore off after a few hours or so. He didn't really know. Man, he didn't even know what year it was.
He longed for a cool sea breeze on his face and clouds in his hands, hard wind of his hair whipped and made him so incredibly pure and alive. The desire for it had grown more violent with the years and decades of his imprisonment. For a long time he could hardly remember the feeling of the huge air masses around him. But he didn't want to forget it. He just wasn't allowed to. Then everything that made him would be irretrievably lost. And with it, his abysmal hatred of people has grown immeasurably.
Just when he was mentally torturing the woman to death for the hundredth time in the most brutal way (he had more than enough experience with it), there was a deafening sound and a huge rumble sounded. What happened? The alarm sirens screeched so hard that he thought his ears would burst into two perfectly symmetrical detonation mushrooms. The volume brought his sensitive senses to the limit of pain and if he could have moved, he would have curled up his ears. But condemned to motionlessness, he had to stay put without being able to find out what was happening.
“All people in the building are asked to immediately go to the marked emergency zones. This is not an exercise. Please gather in the marked rescue zones ... “came a woman's loudspeaker voice. Trickling swallowed up the rest of the announcement.
"Go, go, and go!” A strong male voice shouted to drown out the noise of the alarm system, "Everyone almost to one side and ..." But a loud crash as the first interrupted him.
Sharp screams flew over to his bed. There was music in his ears, every scream a unique note in a beautiful symphony of human death. Any fewer people would be less of an obstacle in his flight. And besides, what more or less mattered in their mass?
There was a loud rumble and a groan sounded. But not that of a human being, but that of a wall. Something crashed near him. The darkness lurched around him. Slowly he panicked. He couldn't move and maybe would be buried alive. That would be something new in the history of his death. But he wasn't really keen on it.
There was a soft trickle in the sudden silence, rumbling somewhere far away. The plaster fell from the ceiling and tickled his skin. He had to sneeze unconsciously. It sounded extremely loud in the dead silence around him.
He had to get out of here before the building collapsed above him. He vigorously turned his gaze inward and hid everything around him. With the fingers of his mind, with which he had previously hugged the doctor (where was he actually? - wait, maybe that was his work?!), he poked around in the darkness. Something had to be found. But the blackness stayed like sticky fog around his body, didn't let him through. Frustrated, he went on drilling. It just had to work!
Anger swelled hot in him and clouded his mind. He stabbed the darkness, tore it up and tore it apart. For a fraction of a second he thought he saw something in the dark, but what-always-immediately disappeared into the fog. That made the barrel overflows. The hatred of many years poured out of him to unite into a mighty cry that broke out of him like a geyser.
People would pay for having imprisoned and abused him for so long! What did these lower creatures actually measure to imprison HIM?! He used to be like a god to her, but now? When did he allow them to lose their faith? Drunk with rage, he struck around in the black mist - and suddenly met resistance.
At first he didn't notice it, but kept foaming. But the second time this information penetrated his emotionally overwhelmed brain. What was that?
Slowly and laboriously forcing his troubled feelings under control, he continued to search in this direction with his mind. He suddenly bumped into something hard and flinched in surprise. He cautiously crept around the object and timidly touched it with his mental hand.
 
The thing was hard and elongated, but didn't appear to be particularly large. He continued to feel curious. It tapered in its direction and was extremely delicate and sharp at that end. The other end was thicker and had some strange bumps and thresholds that he didn't really know what to do with. He let his mind wander more precisely over the mysterious object.
It almost seemed to him that the object was filled with liquid. What was that Again he cursed the fact that he couldn't have eyes without a body. Years of blindness had made him hungry for something to see.
Metal scraped over metal. Careful, a His eye was not opened very gently. A face half-covered by a face mask looked at him intently. It was the first thing he saw again after what felt like an eternity. He would have preferred something else. Something dead, for example. But not ER. Of all of them it had to be HIM of all people.
The human's left hand held his eyelid open, while the other was held obliquely backwards. Azazel couldn't move his eyes, so he didn't see what was going on there. And that made him nervous, almost panicked. His eyelids were fixed using cold metal. Fear rose in him. He was defenseless. He had never been so defenseless in his entire life.
The man turned back to Azazel and he cried inside when he saw what the man was holding. The sharp scalpel approached his eye as if in slow motion. A single tear formed and ran down his icy cheek. The following was black.
Shivering inwardly and sighing deeply, he turned away from these thoughts and concentrated on his find again. In his excellent memory, which could almost be described as photographic, he rummaged for suitable pictures. A knife? No. Filler? Well. Not quite. A syringe? No ... Yes! Yes that was it. Slight euphoria swelled in him. He had felt something, even if it was just his mind instead of his hands. A miracle after so long.
But what did it bring him to know? He needed his body to get out of here. In the end, people came back before he was gone. That would be the ultimate catastrophe. But this information had to be useful for something! What if he could feel more than the syringe? He carefully gathered all of his concentration and went on a search. Now that he was paying attention to every little detail, they literally jumped on him like a cocky dog ​​his master. How could he have been so blind?
Under the syringe he felt a bowl and a small table, both made of a smooth material, metal perhaps. The environment disappeared behind it in eternal blackness; it was just too far away for his mind. Annoying but not changing. Maybe later...? The closer surroundings were all the clearer for that. He was lying on a well-padded bed; to his left was a wall, or at least a flat, level surface. It was clearly too smooth for a "normal" wall with plaster or wallpaper. It had to be made of metal or glass.
At the head of a bed was a mass of cupboards with a lot of drawers, some of which were broken out on the floor or half hung in the holder on the way down. What was in there? He continued to feel curious: to the right of him was the said table with a bowl and syringe.
On the floor, almost rolled under his bed, was a half-filled bottle. Was there the same liquid in it as in the syringe? That seemed the most obvious solution to him. Moment. Something was missing here, the last piece of the puzzle. He thought hard. What did he overlook? Struggling to think, he rummaged in his memory, went deeper and deeper back in time.
The woman. It had something to do with the woman. But what? She had analyzed the data from the previous night at the same time each day. Then the doctor was always gone and the woman ... had given him his narcotic. That had to be the liquid He felt a great desire to pour it into the woman's throat. Wouldn't be so nice for her either. He continued to happily perfect: the last injection had taken place yesterday, so it was a little more than twenty-four hours ago and the doctor had deliberately not given him his present day. He listened intently. Nothing was heard. It looked like he wasn't going to get any more injections anytime soon. So when would he be able to move again? He knew that at the end of every twenty-four hour cycle 'he could always feel his body briefly in the fog, even if he hadn't been able to reach it. So theoretically, he should be able to do that now, right?
He calmly turned back to his body. He carefully shoveled the darkness aside - and recognized shadows. He frowned, confused, of course. Why hadn't he been able to do that earlier? It didn't matter now. The main thing was that the people did not come back and destroyed everything again. Now it was time to wait until this damn bitch had disappeared from his body and he got it back.

Chapter 2
Somewhere in Europe, April 3rd, 10:19 p.m.
A metallic clank tore him out of his twilight sleep. All of his senses were immediately strained to the limit. He was paralyzed here, at the mercy of everything. Had something dropped somewhere or someone kicked something? The latter would be extremely unfavorable for his escape. He listened nervously to the familiar darkness around him. She had become a constant companion. It has always been. Nothing was heard.
He relaxed his muscles with relief. What?! His muscles were tense?! Amazed, he tried to harness her again, but to no avail. Now his body was clearer, but still not completely clear, in the dark. He seemed to hover above him and for the first time in decades felt the familiar stream that flowed and pulsed in all living things. But his body still slipped through his fingers again and again like a slippery fish. He still had to be patient.
Disappointed, he turned his attention back to his surroundings. It rattled again metallic. Did the building collapse above him now? He spread his mind slightly panicked and looked for useful information in the darkness. His mind got further this time than he had guessed before.
There was an open space behind the syringe table. Closets clung to the walls, punctuated by smooth surfaces that he couldn't quite match. Was it maybe windows? But what for? In his memories of his
“Consignment” had brought him deep underground. But a long time had passed since, who knew if he was still in the same place as when he started? But that was irrelevant now. He had to look for the source of the noise.
But his spirit didn't get much further, because the closed door blocked his way out. He should have guessed that, he was annoyed. He lay there restlessly, waiting.
Somewhere in Europe, April 4th, 4:52 a.m.
A distant pounding filled the air. Tired and exhausted despite the slumber, he opened his eyes - and saw the ceiling! The poison was almost gone from his veins. Relieved, he pushed himself up. In other words, he had intended to do so, but his arms failed him. He had to choke. He blinked dazedly a few times to drive away the onset of unconsciousness. What was going on? He carefully tried to move his fingers. They slowly stroked the mattress. It felt rough and well padded. It was as if he had to lift heavy lead weights instead of his fingers. It was not over yet.
He had to choke again. Why? What was wrong with him? What was wrong? With a frown, he felt inside himself. He flinched, irritated. There was something lifeless in his body, something that shouldn't be there. Did he really want to know what it was? After a few seconds he made a decision. He looked for the mysterious something again. He followed him with concentration. It started in his stomach and then meandered up his esophagus to finally stick out of his mouth. He got a bad feeling. What was this hose for?
Something stung uncomfortably in the crook of his arm and he felt himself down hard. His head couldn't be moved a little bit. Something had been wrapped around his left crook of the arm, but he couldn't really tell what it was. Wait a minute, was it in his vein?! What the hell? What was that? Millimeter for millimeter his right hand crawled towards the intruder, over his strangely flat - concave?! - Belly. Since when was half a meter so far away? When was he finally there? Shaking touched his Fingertip the foreign body. A strong prick flashed through him immediately. It had to get out, it wasn't his.
And something about his chest felt strange, it chafed coolly on his skin. His arm was heavy on his body. But he was too weak to move his hand back. He was already panting for breath like an old man on his deathbed. Slight fear came over Azazel. What had people done to him? What had they done to him? No, he first had to calm down and was not allowed to get hysterical now. He had to distract himself.
First hectic and then gradually enjoyable his eyes brushed the ceiling. His galloping heartbeat calmed somewhat. When was the last time he saw anything? The ceiling was streaked strangely, in some places it was invented by giant hand and formed fascinating hilly landscapes above him, which he greedily soaked up. Endlessly laborious, he turned his head to the right to the table.
His suspicions were confirmed: there was an injection on a metal bowl. The cabinets hung half open and demolished from the wall and had their contents spread out on the floor. For the most part it was normal hospital stuff like syringes, empty tubes and gauze bandages, but he also discovered lots of paper and tattered folders. Was that the collected data about him? There was also a strange thin plate between the rubbish. What was that? A book? No, it had nothing to buckle.
His eyes went on curiously. Again he noticed these strange smooth surfaces on the walls between the cupboards. But even now he couldn't elicit their secret from them. Glass had always been an obstacle for him, because for him it was as transparent as a brick wall for ordinary people. His eyes just worked differently than people. They did not use the light - that would make no sense where he came from - no, they came closer to an echo sounder like the marine mammals used. Just more precise. He could also tell light from dark, which was pretty useful in this world.
Dimly from exhaustion, he moved his head back and blinked at the ceiling. Soon he would be out of here and then people would pay bitterly for what they had done to him. The thought of blood and revenge filled his noble features with a dark smile before nodding off.


Somewhere in Europe, April 4, 3:27 p.m.
Another pounding woke him. But this time it was closer and moving. Without opening his eyes - it was finally a matter of saving energy, because he felt his limbs again, but there was no denying certain weariness - he felt with his mind in the direction of the pounding of a living heart. He bounced off the locked door again. How could he have forgotten that? Swearing silently, he listened for any sounds. For a moment he thought he heard a rustle, but he wasn't sure, it could have been imagination.
Again he felt this strange exhaustion. He had never felt her so strongly in his life so far. Every energy seemed to flow out of him like a broken jug. He died? Was that it? The thought made him uneasy; he had lived for a long time, but dying was beyond his experience. And he didn't want to die, as he admitted inside. Despite or just because of his long life? He wondered sadly. Tired, he threatened to slide back into unconsciousness, but he gritted his teeth and struggled to the surface of his mind again.
Then he jerked through: he needed something to eat. In one fell swoop he was wide awake again. When was the last time he had had anything to eat? Ten years? Twenty or maybe fifty? He cursed again. He had to find out what year they had. He thought hard and rummaged in his memories. No, not since he was captured. He was now for decades without any food. Or was the hose there for it? He did not know. He didn't care anyway.
In shock, he let his gaze wander over the ruined ceiling. Part of him had to digest it, but a small part was fascinated by his body. Which living creature has been without food for decades? He shook his head in confusion. He was beginning to become like people. What a terrible idea, he thought, grinning to himself.
With a little fear on the back of his neck, he looked down at himself, but the image blurred with exhaustion in front of his eyes. A bit indignant, he closed it. Since when did his body not obey him? A thick bundle of cables twisted over his torso and disappeared from the sight of his mind to the right of his face. In several places on his chest it was attached with something like sauna bowls. But for what? What were they up to? Tie him up?
As he braced himself against heavy lead weights, he pulled back the blanket that hung half from him and only covered his body below the belly. Panting, he paused to regain his strength. How embarrassing when you consider your career in the past. He grimaced and slowly groped his arms across his chest. Oh god, his arms. What had happened to his arms? So thin, so bony...
His wheezing breath stumbled when he felt clear bumps under his palms, where - unless his memories deceived him very much - none should be. Then it dawned on him. Bone. It was his bones that he felt. He raised his head a little fearfully and peered tentatively down at himself. It looked like a living skeleton. His ribs and hip bones stood out clearly under his white, parchment-like skin. Every tendon caught his eye. He left horrified fall back again and stared at the smashed blanket. He needed food immediately.
He choked. Yes, there was something. He now felt strong enough to try to free himself from this intruder. Concentrated, he gripped the hose from his Mouth came and pulled violently on him once. He slid a good way towards him, but the urge to vomit worsened. But it had to be done again.
With a loud splash, the thickened end that had been in his stomach came to the fore and a gush of vomit immediately followed. He just barely bent over from his bed and spared himself the humiliating experience that it was like to break on him. His stomach contracted violently again and he had to choke loudly, but there was too little content in it to get anything out. Breathing violently, he wiped his mouth and lay down again.
Again he faced the need to get out of here. But in his weakened state it was almost impossible. How would he know if the people outside weren't waiting for him? So he would be easy prey for these carrion vultures and he didn't want to give up his newfound freedom for nothing in the world. He would rather die than vegetate again in captivity.
With an effort he raised his hand and clawed it around the thick bulge of cables next to his head. This tiny movement alone made him trembles with exertion. It was really not a good thing for him. But he had to get out of there as soon as possible. He just lay there for a few minutes and gathered his already scarce strength. Now.
He tore at the cables and they flew surprisingly easily. Only a few suction cups love sticking to his skin, but the main thing was that he was released from his bonds. The next thing he did was gently but firmly pulls on the hose clawing at the crook of his arm. He let go of him with a fine sting. A drop of black blood rolled down his white skin. But the wound closed immediately. As always.
Breathing hard, he propped himself up and swung his legs out of bed. He swayed on the edge and clawed into the mattress, fighting with annoying dizziness. He looked down at himself for the second time, this time
Better prepared for what awaited him there. He was wearing only light sweatpants. He had no shoes on. What for? He had been in bed all the time. He felt a cool breath on his back and bent to catch a glimpse of him. Everything was still in place. At least something.
While still sitting, he forced his petrified muscles to move. They answered with screeching pain, but he gritted his teeth and ignored his body's unwillingness. He had survived worse. With an audible crunch and crack, his wings loosened from his back and blood slowly came back into his limbs. It was burning as they spread and took up the entire room around his bed. Here he couldn't open them completely without bumping into the demolished cupboards. He slowly stretched his feet and his toes touched the cool, smooth floor. He enjoyed the feeling of cold.
Infinitely careful, he got up on both feet and rose from the bed. Immediately the dizziness returned and he dug his fingers in the edge of the bed so as not to fall over until his vision cleared again. First he took a tentative step forward, then a second. He let go of his bed and stumbled awkwardly across the room. His joints felt like rusty hinges and his muscles seemed to have turned to stone. Wasn't surprising after the long lying around. It was a miracle anyway that he could still walk. It had to be because of his self-healing powers, which had ensured his survival for so long. Panting hard, he reached the door and sank down against the wall with his back. Take a break first.
Gasping for breath, he looked at his prison cell. It looked modern and juristic, but the furniture was nevertheless characterized by a timeless elegance. His torturers had taste, he had to admit that. Again he wondered what year they had. How much time had been stolen from him? There was no sign or symbol anywhere to reveal anything about his guards. He could be anywhere, not even if he over-
Or was underground he could say with certainty. It was maddening.
His breath had calmed so much that he could limp on. He examined the door curiously. There was no jack or anything like that. How should it work? He carefully stroked his hands over the frame, carefully examined every little bump, but he found nothing that would help him. Frowning, he turned and looked at the room. Was there a key somewhere here?
He spent the next half hour rummaging through the junk on the floor and searching the closets. But he didn't find a key or anything like that. In the future, would you no longer need keys and locks for doors? The idea was absurd. How else should you lock your belongings?
Completely tense by the long search, he stretched out with relish. His entire back cracked from top to bottom.
"Ahhhhhhh ..." he snapped. He winced. Had anyone heard it? He listened, holding his breath. His heart started to beat faster, his muscles tightened, ready to flee. Nothing. He was getting paranoid, he thought, smiling, and relaxed again.
He cautiously spread his oversized crystal-colored wings, which were crossed by grayish veins. He felt the tendons stretch almost painfully after the long stiffness. His wings had been pressed firmly against his back the entire time. He had to be supple again. But he couldn't spread it all out because the room was just too small. He bumped the corners of the room with both wing tips. He quickly folded it back up and turned to the door again.
The solution was simple, he felt it. Leaning against the door with one hand, he thought. Whenever people entered his room, a soft melody, no soft click, was closed beforehand been heard. Unconsciously he pawed at the remaining suction cups on his chest and took off one after the other. They gently sailed to the ground and spread around it like autumn leaves. Was the click something like a key? With safes, there had always been multiple clicks before opening them. Had people locked him in his oversized safe?
Ultimately, it didn't matter, because even if this theory was correct, this knowledge didn't help him, because he didn't know the code or the password. Frustrated, he put his forehead against the cold metal of the door and closed his eyes. He felt deep inside himself and looked for HIM, his companion. He had always helped him out of trouble. To his great horror, only a weak swing in his chest answered him, it almost felt like the whimper of an animal that was doomed to death.
The silver injections shot through his head, they must have been like poison to his companion. That also explained why they had hurt him so much. Because he and his companion were inextricably interwoven. But his HE couldn't die! He absolutely needs food, also for HIM, maybe HE would then recover. But he had one last trick in store, but this was dangerous and most likely would not work because he was just too weak after his long captivity.
He exhaled and inhaled slowly several times. He sank deep inside. Now absolute precession was required. He focused his mind on the narrow gap between the door and the frame. He emptied all his energy reserves in his innermost and filled his mind with it. Exactly he pulled out and hit hard and fast. The force of the mental blow knocked him off his feet and he hit the ground rudely. But he had succeeded.
The door was warped and dented at the point of impact, a hole was visible. Fine dust trickled down. Completely in the end, he felt a life energy flicker in him. So that was the end, he thought calmly. It didn't feel that bad at. Why did people always scream like that? As if wrapped in cotton, he felt his heartbeat slow and finally dry up. Then it went black around him.
Somewhere in Europe, April 5th, 1:24 a.m.
Blinking, he woke up. He felt dust in his mouth and had to cough involuntarily. The dead didn't cough. He sat up slightly disoriented and held his throbbing arm. The dead also felt nothing. He looked around in a daze, wasn't he dead? Hard to believe after his stupid trick.
Confused he turned to the door and the blazing pain in his head confirmed that he was apparently still alive. He massaged his aching skull with his unwounded hand. Then his eyes fell on the hole in the door. Yes, there was something. Breathing hard, he crawled toward the door. But he froze in the middle of the movement. Another heart was beating. Pretty quickly.
Breathless, he sent his mind to explore the hole. A picture of a high corridor emerged in his mind's eye. He seemed to be leaving his room because he was only leading away from him. The interesting thing was the many cloudy and crushed human limbs that peeked out of it. He remembered that they should have evacuated him during the quake (or whatever happened) before the ceiling came down and smashed them.
He quickly returned his attention to the pounding heart. Where did it go He felt it behind the pile of rubble? It came closer and moved through the rubble. So it couldn't be human, it was also too fine and tender for it. Suddenly his groping mind hit the being's body. He flinched, but at the same moment scolded himself for his fright. It was just a rat. She moved away from him again. What was a rat doing here? Soon the animal was no longer noticeable to him. He struggled to his feet in relief. There where it there were more than one. He licked his lips hungrily. He had to get out of the room.
He put his hands on the hole and pulled. He used all his weight (which was admittedly not very much). The door moved painfully slowly just a few centimeters. He paused, trembling. Something got stuck. Again he pulled at the door with all his strength and with a jerk she released a crack and he stumbled back a few steps, but was able to catch him before falling to the ground. But the procedure had made a hell of a noise in the dead silence of the building. Holding his breath, he remained motionless for several moments, waiting for an outside reaction. The silence was almost perfect, only from far away did water drip down from a high altitude
He repeated the whole thing a few more times until the gap was finally wide enough for him. With his stomach pulled in, he squeezed out and stood in the passage, trembling with exertion and tension. Exhausted, he sat cross-legged in front of the concrete and corpse wall. He needed to regain his strength.
His eyes passed over the work in front of him as if he were a museum visitor looking at a work by his favorite artist. The shattered people's hands seemed to be heading towards him, making the hill look like a peppered roast. He had to smile. A few had already been punished, others would follow. And they wouldn't be as quick and comfortable as the poor trumpets in front of him.
He leaned up and walked to the pile of rubble with soft steps (they would normally be barely audible, but his previous suppleness was not yet fully restored). The ceiling above had come down almost completely, only a few steel cables hung loosely in the concrete. He sent his mind ahead. There was another cluttered corridor above, but there were doors and other outgoing corridors.
With renewed vigor, he took a little run up and jumped onto a protruding piece of rubble. He took no time to find balance, but jumped higher to the next one located point. He had almost reached the top. Then he noticed a low rumble beneath him and the mountain of rubble began to tremble. It collapsed and started to slide apart! In a flash he pushed himself away with all his might to reach the bent wire ropes above him. So he got one to pack before the mountain crumbled. He released several bodies that he had never seen before.
He grabbed the metal rope with both hands and pulled himself up with a pull-up. His muscles protested and he gritted his teeth in exertion. He had never been the bodybuilder type, but he had to do it now. He got one hand free and pulled himself up on the concrete edge of the hole. He lay on his stomach, panting, his legs still hanging in the air. Now a short effort and he would have made it (for now). He heaved himself up and crawled deeper into the passage.


Approach






Two intertwined snakes biting each other's tails. He frowned thoughtfully. You could see the figure eight, the symbol for infinity and the circle, and also the symbol for perfection. Was that the sign of his tormentors? But before he could get to the bottom of it, there was a clatter not too far away.
He turned suddenly and peered into the distance in front of him. Just falling debris or a living being, if not a human being? The passage was dreary and broken in the dark, because the lamps on the ceiling weren't working. Nothing was felt.
He quietly followed the direction of the noise. He scanned his surroundings for something alive again and again. At the end of the hallway, a large pile of bent metal spilled out of a half-torn door. Fine dust hovered in the air. He approached curiously. The noise must have originated here. The metal blocked his way into the outgoing right aisle, but he could turn left.
Curious, he crept down the long corridor. No debris or dead were visible here; the detonation must have spared this part of the building in which it was located as far as possible. The hallway, like his room, looked clinically sterile, but was empty and barren. But suddenly he stopped as if he had run into an invisible wall. At the edge of his mind he felt a fine throb again. He continued to stroke the corridor, his hand always on the wall. At the end of the hall he saw a large door leading to a large room - and this room was teeming with life.
Merciless hunger spread from the center of his body and clouded his mind a little more wave by wave. He shook his head restlessly. Right now he had to keep full control of who knew what dangers lurked in the room. He was too weak to fight. But hunger continued to gnaw at the edges of his mind. He collapsed half against the wall and then hit the hard hard on floor. He gritted his teeth firmly and fought for the upper hand. He hadn't felt that bad since he came to this earth.
Troubled by cramps, he turned on the floor. It couldn't happen. But any fight was pointless. He succumbed after a few panicked breaths. The primitive animal part of him - hitherto well hidden and only let out on the leash of his mind - took control and washed away the small scraps of him. Only the irrepressible urge to eat filled him.
That was what people had always feared about him. Rightly so. His mind was as if separated from his body, which was supposed to be his subject. Encapsulated, he hovered towards the door over his furious body, which a wild bull was racing down the aisle. The cold-rational part of his mind noticed that the door had no handle. It must have opened like the one in his room.
Knowing what was about to happen, he narrowed his eyes unconsciously. The hit against the heavy metal door was brutal and his body was staggered back. He heard the familiar sound of breaking bones softly. In the closed access to the pulsating life, which he felt behind, there was a suitable bulge to his body. He felt bones sticking out of his shoulder. But strangely, no pain came to him. A frustrated sound came from the lips of his body, somewhere between growling and hissing, before he struck the door again.
The broken bones crunched loudly as they were pushed back into their original position and began to grow together. It was a really uncomfortable feeling and he grimaced. The metal bent more and more and finally there was a loud tearing and the door half fell out of the frame.
His mind, meanwhile, was amazed that he had the strength to do so after his long coma.
Especially after his "trick" from earlier. Even in the full possession of his powers, that would certainly not have been the most common thing for him. He preferred more discretion anyway, which often saved you from uncomfortable confrontations and associated risks. It was also simply more stylish. And for him, nothing beats style in life.
Almost indifferently, he watched his body tug at the door in a furious frenzy and finally get it open after several attempts. He stormed into the room, always drawn to the pounding of hearts like a moth from the light. The pulsation of the living was all pervasive and initially made him stumble and sway.
The room was permeated with linear geometry rows of cupboards with five boxes each made of smooth materials, maybe metal, maybe glass, he didn't know. And he didn't really care. Some had fallen down during the quake or were half torn from their anchors in front of their original place. As far as his eyes could see, the cupboards grew out of the floor. To his right, several rats with light fur crawled around the boxes.
Curious about the noise he had made when entering the room, they tipped around their prisons and stood on their hind legs to sniff their fine noses at him. They twitched gently at the smell of the intruder. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed a plush rabbit that fled in panic from the unknown and the loud noises and hopped just around the corner.
All of this caught his encapsulated mind in a split second as his raging body rushed toward the rat. Squeaking, they fled, but not all were successful. He got one to pack and greedily bit into her tender flesh. A small gush of red sap drenched his tongue and a fine tingling came up.
"Mmmhhh ..." he moaned with pleasure and sucked more firmly on the rat's twitching body. He was rewarded with another sip of warm blood. He never believed anything so delicious to have tasted. But the little body gave no more blood. Unsatisfied, he peppered the useless piece of meat into the corner. He needed more.
He growled in frustration. He dropped to his knees and peered under the bottom row of boxes, where there was a small crack. Several fine thumps reached him and he reached out with a red smeared smile. A wriggling, squeaking body landed in his hand and turned in vain to try to escape. With relish he bit her head off and spat him high on the floor before taking in all the blood in a few puffs.
Slowly his foggy spirit cleared again. Rats weren't enough, something bigger was needed. The best thing is a human being, but a fresh one, not a corpse; you could spoil your stomach very quickly. Well, unfortunately there was no one available at the moment, he thought melancholy. He would need all his energy if he wanted to get out of here. Strengthened, he went in search of the rabbit.

Chapter 3
Somewhere in Europe, April 5th, 2:03 p.m.
Soft drops of water brought him back to reality. He sat up and stretched out, his back cracked loudly. That was good. After his "feast" he decided to return to "his" room. His instinct had advised him to do so, and he had learned a long time ago to trust him unconditionally because he was never wrong.
Recovered like he hadn't in a long time, he blinked contentedly at the ceiling for a few minutes. All that was missing now was that he got out of here. He carefully sat down on the edge of the bed and let his legs dangle. Through the curtain of his long, light (milky white hair); he looked at his room again.
Even now, when he looked closely, he noticed nothing that would have told him anything about his tormentors. Only the symbol did not come out of his head. He needed to do some research when he was outside. An organization had probably caught him. Did they set themselves the goal of creating perfection? Or immortality? Grinning mockingly, he shook his head. His loose hair flew through the air around him. People have always strived for immortality, some have achieved it. Ironically, they were long dead.
But his good mood evaporated as quickly as it had appeared. Whoever held him prisoner would be punished. Anger spread inside him. Why did they do this to him? What did these unworthy; ignorant creatures actually imagine trying to control him? Why were they so damn curious? Did they never learn, but never really? He was too old for this shit. Hot hatred flowed through his veins. Why didn't they realize there were secrets that were better left uncovered? Or noticed them it and you didn't care? He just didn't understand her; he had never done that in his long life.
With a small gesture, he kicked the table away without touching it. It clanged loudly against the cupboards and broke and several parts. A loud cry escaped his lungs. The papers from the floor whirled around him as if he were in the middle of a storm, because he unconsciously used his gift. People were so stupid, so short-sighted. What they had done to this world in such a short time was incomprehensible. They were simply incomprehensible.
But the anger slowly left his mind and he shook his head in frustration. He had to keep his emotions under control. But it wasn't easy after the long time he hadn't been able to let her out. He had had to bury the strong feelings deep inside himself and now they wanted to get out. Emotions had always been the greatest opponents of people - but also for him - but they also made them so wonderfully predictable, at least in most cases, sometimes they were extremely difficult as he had to experience firsthand.

As he stared in front of him, he noticed another living being on the edge of his field of vision. At first he paid no heed to it, it was probably just a rat anyway, but was still deep in his memories. But it was quickly approaching. Too fast for a rat. And too big for a rat.
Alarmed, he turned his attention to the intruder - no, the intruders! - Too. There were three people on the floor above him and they were moving towards the hole in the sunken ceiling. He feverishly considered what to do. Fight? No, not the best choice - firstly, he didn't know how weak he was from his captivity, and secondly, he didn't know what weapons they had. He could also be dead. No, that was not a good idea, and then his element of surprise would be lost. Or did you know that he was here?
All that remained was to hide. He quickly looked around. From his bed he saw a small room behind a closet and the remains of the table. Not the ultimate hiding place, but better than nothing. He heard them clearly now:
"Ey, Katy, and here we go. I think that's where the noise came from, “said a young male voice. He spoke English almost fluently, but a slight Spanish accent revealed his true origin. Damn, so close already. Why hadn't he been able to control himself earlier? Furious, he gritted his teeth at his own stupidity. But it was done and could not be changed.
In a flash he crawled into his improvised hiding place and peered out into the hallway in front of his room. The man who had spoken was pointing to the hole in front of him. A middle-aged woman with the hard face of a long-time soldier stood next to him and replied: "Let's have a look at the map.” With an Irish slang in de r voice. She pulled out a small round flat disc and operated it, as you could see from her hand movements.
"We're here," she said, pointing into the air above the thing. But there he could see nothing and involuntarily narrowed his eyes. What was that again? He swore silently to himself. It almost seemed to him that people wanted to make it extra difficult for him.
"Let's go down, that's a shortcut to our goal. Cristiano, you go ahead”, she spoke to the young Spaniard, “and you”, now he also saw the older man behind her, whom he hadn't noticed before, “you protect us from the back. 
The one named Cristiano nodded, but saw how nervous he was. Was it maybe his first assignment? Bad luck for the boy, luck for him. Something could be done with some skill. The three of them fastened a rope in the upper hallway and lowered themselves one after the other.
"What the hell ..." gasped the young man as the shattered corpses came into view. A tremor ran through him and he leaned to the side and vomited choking.
"Don't make such a noise. Who knows who else is listening, “the woman, apparently the leader, hissed at the vomiting soldier.
"Well, Katy. Think back to our first missions. Didn't we have so much shit? I remember shitting my pants with fear. Literally, “he grinned old soldier and patted his colleague on the shoulder reassuringly. Judging by his pronunciation, he was Swiss "Go on," the leader ordered in an annoyed voice. "Our goal has top priority for Ms. Jönsson." Pounding loudly, they came closer to his room. He tensed his muscles, ready to run if necessary.
"Do I always have to get the youngsters plugged in? As if I were the girl for everything, “she grumbled so quietly that her human colleagues couldn't hear her, but he could. He caught himself grinning. He shook his head, he had to stay focused, and he called to himself inwardly.
The three entered his room. The woman stopped abruptly and stared at the empty bed. Only their loud breathing could be heard in the almost perfect silence of the room. After a few moments of silence, the young soldier became restless:
"What's happening? Is there any problem? Shouldn't we call for reinforcements? "
The soldier turned and gave him a look that should have made the Spaniard flinch on his back. He liked the woman; she was exactly what he wanted. The hunger started gently in his stomach again, but he pushed it aside. Not now, maybe later...
"Ms. Jönsson?" Asked the Irish woman in the air. Who was she talking to? Neither of the two men apparently felt addressed. He frowned in confusion. Was that maybe the same principle as between the two women when he was in a coma?
"Yes, is running. Looking for a tablet or something like that! We need all the data we can find! “, She ordered her Colleagues and they immediately went to the paper chaos on the floor to look for them. For a while the rustle of paper filled the air.
"Ey, I think I found something!” The young man's excited voice broke the silence. He crouched with a flat, smooth rectangle in his hand. Was that a, how did you call it? Tablet? He leaned forward curiously to see more with his own eyes. The spiritual vision never completely replaced the “right” vision.
"Show me here," the soldier demanded, holding out her hand. After some hesitation, the finder pressed the part into her hand. The Swiss looked over his leader's shoulder as she started tapping and wiping the thing. Did she wipe some dust? At the same moment the thought seemed absurd to him. You were here to find something. A gnawing feeling in his stomach told him they were looking for him. He looked nervously at the door at the thought. He had to get out of here.
"I am not comfortable with all of this. Let it go and let us go! ”The young Spaniard urged his colleagues.
"No. We have to find him, “replied the Swiss without looking up. Okay, now it was clear who they were talking about. He swallowed sadly. He wouldn't let himself be caught again.
"And what do we have to look for? Can someone tell me that? ”The young man demanded. His voice was slightly shrill. By fear?
Let's see if it would work for him:
Hello Cristiano. The whispered, softly dancing around his head with his mind. The Spaniard winced. Great, it worked.
"What was that?" He asked his colleague tensely.
"Hm? What? ", Replied this uninterested and continued to look at the" tablet ".
I can see you
"What's that?" He asked urgently changes.
"What have you got now? There's nothing here and I don't hear anything either. Don't spin around and you'd better exit, “the woman replied harshly.
The young soldier nodded trembling and positioned himself at the exit. Crap, it hadn't been planned that way. The Spaniard was now so close to him that he could practically touch him. Damn it. After a while of silence, the young man's heart beat before him, as he noticed. Finally, he walked over to the other two, who were still hunched over the thing, in a cool manner.
"Look over there! Deaths reported since arrival 105. Wow! Luckily he is gone, because I somehow have no desire to meet this son of a bitch, “said the Swiss almost appreciatively.
"Brought away or ran away?" The woman asked softly. The two men looked at her in alarm.
"So you think he ... is still here?" Asked the older soldier, dismayed. She just nodded slowly.
"What are you talking about? Finally tell me the truth! ”The young man growled in a testosterone-heavy voice.
"You don't have to know more than that he's an extremely dangerous terrorist," the woman tried to avoid.
"But…"
"No, be quiet at last!" The woman ordered harshly. The young Spaniard closed his mouth shut, but you could see his teeth grating clearly in anger and humiliation.
"Let's request reinforcements," advised the older person. "I hardly think he's still here. I mean, he won't just walk in like that. "
The whole time he had been tempted to play a trick on people, although it was infinitely stupid and he would probably curse himself for it later, he could not resist. But sometimes it was like that. Time for his big appearance. He stepped silently out of his hiding place and sneaked behind her. They weren't as busy as they were.
"Gentlemen!" He spoke to her in slightly dusty English.
The three of them drove around in horror.
"Milady," he greeted the woman. He bowed elegantly and took the Irish woman's hand and gave her an old-fashioned kiss on the hand. As irritated as she was, she let everything go rigid. "May I introduce myself: Azazel also called Patient M." He looked Cristiano in the eye with a smile. Pointed teeth flashed out from behind his feminine lips.
Hello Cristiano. His mind whispered to the paralyzed soldier. He blanched and looked away.
"You are Katy, you Cristiano", his eyes brushed the boy again
Man who flinched slightly when he heard Azazel's voice.
"Only her name is unknown to me. Would you be kind enough to clear me up? ”he asked the older soldier politely.
"What ... where ..." he stuttered. Azazel captivated the gray-blue eyes of man with his blood red, as he was told. It was very practical that he looked like an albino.
"No, just her name, please."
"My name, my name ..." he stammered on. The other two awoke from their rigidity and pointed their weapons at him. Azazel simply ignored them. How pointless.
"My name is Gian", the Swiss finally choked out.
"You see, it wasn't that bad," said Azazel, patting the frightened man's cheek gently. Still smiling, he turned to the others.
"You come with me," the woman ordered coldly. Azazel frowned and tilted his head slightly, as if looking at a strange insect.
"I would prefer you to show me the way and I could go myself," he replied calmly.
"No, that's not how it works here. You come with us, or you catch a bullet in your knee! ”, The Swiss said firmly, which only underlined his nervousness, and pointed his rifle at Patient M’s face. Only Azazel noticed the slight tremor of the barrel.
"Could you please keep a certain level of politeness? Then we can sort it all out like adult, civilized ... beings, "he replied softly," And could you please stop waving this ... thing under my nose? This is more of a hindrance to a peaceful conversation. "
Silence fell on the strange scenery. The 'freshman', as they aptly called him, took a step closer:
"How long have you been-I mean, have you been here?" He corrected himself after a scowl from Azazel.
"Very long. Too long. In 1901 they convinced me… to go here, ”he evaded. The young soldier only snorted in disbelief:
"You're welcome! Next time, think of something more credible. No one lives so long. ”Azazel just looked friendly. The truth was the better lie.
"Stop the shit!", His colleague drove over his mouth and aimed the gun barrel at Azazel's face: "Hands where I can see them and then come along!" He didn't look at the gun and only saw the young soldier long in the eyes.
You disappoint me Cristiano. What should your mother think of you? She taught you so much, you should always be polite to strangers. He simply guessed rightly. The man's face went dark and he had to turn away under his intense, staring gaze. His lower lip trembled. Direct hit.
You were always such a good boy. Aren't you ashamed to disappoint her? The facial expression was simply priceless.
"What now ... Azazel?" Asked the soldier business-like,
"Are you coming with us or do we have to drag you out?"
"Neither of them," he said after a little eternity, smiling.
"Well, then we would just have to do it on the uncomfortable tour," said the woman and he saw in her eyes what would follow. Bullets - of course silver, why is it always silver ??? - We flew towards him in slow motion. He spread his arms elegantly and stood there like a statue from times long past.
His gift worked not only in one direction, but also in the other. He could only move things by thought, but he could also stop. In his mind's eye he created a semicircular wall of bluish flickering energy and looked straight into the woman's eyes. He loved the flickering in them, a flickering of insecurity and fear of the never comprehensible for these beings when the first bullets got stuck in his shield. He also automatically spread his huge wings (it was an old habit of his) but of course the room was too small to be able to fully develop them.
"What ...", the Swiss could choke out before Azazel let the blanket rumble loudly over the three people with a graceful hand movement. Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion. Parts of the debris, sometimes as big as one of the stupid people among them, tumbled down and the mouths were formed into perfect little O's, but no scream penetrated to him. No, he didn't kill them, didn't hurt them, as the reader might think. Because just before they were crushed, he had a better idea: Why not play a little? He hadn't had it in so long. A cold one
Grins flitted across his face.
So he had stopped the deadly projectiles in the air and let them slide away to the side, so that the people remained completely unharmed. Dust darkened the air and blocked people's view, but not him. Everything was blurry, but Azazel could see more than enough. Without making a single sound, he scurried out of the room. It was going to be a lot of fun.
Somewhere in Europe, April 5th, 2:28 p.m.
Through the eyes of his mind, he watched the three people get up and leave the room.
"Here Katy, I ask for reinforcements. We're in Sector a, Station 5. It, I mean, he got away from us, ”said the leader in the air, with one hand on her ear, her voice still trembling through the adrenaline. Who was she talking to? Neither of the two men reacted to her words in any way, she had to speak to someone outside, however that was possible.
Reinforcement was really bad. Why hadn't he thought of it before? As valuable as he appeared to be, they must have sent more than three to get him. He crouched nervously behind the pile of rubble and corpses in his hallway, where it was pitch black. Now he had to go.
"Shit, damn this ...", the Swiss swore succulently with several expressions, the creativity of which even required him to be respected. You didn't hear something like that every day.
"On the day of the Lord I was seized by the spirit and heard a voice behind me, loud as a trumpet," Azazel began to recite the revelation. The three drove around in shock, but of course couldn't see him behind the wall of dead and debris.
"Come on! You, it, never mind, this whatever may not escape us. But the commander wants it alive! So just stunning! ”, The soldier gave the orders to her colleagues and they stormed off. He quickly made sure he got away and snuggled into the entrance of a nearby room. He had to separate them, then he had an advantage. And the young Spaniard would help him ...
Concentrated, he searched for Cristiano’s spirit in the darkness, which was only occasionally broken by the cones of light from the soldiers' flashlights.
See Cristiano what you did. What you will do he said almost tenderly to the young person.
This whirled to the place as if stung by the tarantula around where Azazel had just been. In the meantime, of course, he had moved on and disappeared into the next aisle. Then Azazel struck him with all the force of the flood of images he had seen in his long life:
Blood, sticky and hot, everywhere, screaming mouths, dead, everywhere dead, torn, trampled, shredded, cut, crushed, the cold white of bones, the grin of skulls, still half covered with remains of meat, the stench of rotting intestines , Screams of the dying, women, children, men, breaking looks, pleading looks, insane looks, the feeling when a neck was cut. And all over Azazel's eyes, smiling, hating, gentle.
That gave the boy's always unstable psyche the rest and he let out a loud scream, close to the pain threshold. It would have given the rest to just about anyone, so it was his secret weapon. Unfortunately, it only worked for people who were already weak. But it was just so practical. The young Spaniard threw his gun away and ran headless into a nearby dark corridor. His bad luck that it was exactly where Azazel was hiding.
He gave the man a hard blow to the temple, which made him sag in the middle of the run. He quickly caught the unconscious body and dragged it into an empty room. Hopefully he didn't wake up before he was done with the others. He still needed him.
"CRISTIANO! Come back! Ey! “, The Swiss roared and hurried after his comrade.
"No, not! GIAN! ", The woman called, but it was too late and the darkness swallowed the old man," Damn it, come back! We cannot separate! It just wants it! ”. Impressive, Azazel thought, at least she wasn't a hollow nut. He would kill you last.
In the darkness he had a clear advantage with his special eyes because he saw the people clearly, whereas they only increased the darkness with the lights on the guns instead of driving them away. In the meantime, he had retreated deeper and deeper into the darkness of the aisle and found an open door at the end. Perfect.
"Then I turned around because I wanted to see who spoke to me. When I turned around I saw seven golden candlesticks and in the midst of the candlesticks, one who looked like a human, ”he continued to quote the revelation. The Swiss man was close in front of him and accordingly jumped violently when he spoke of Azazel's voice heard in the ear. He aimed the gun barrel at him, but of course he was no longer there, but had crept around him so that the soldier was standing with his back to him.
She was separated by little more than an arm's length. Azazel felt the heart of man play faster and faster rhythms and every beat pleased him more than the previous one.
"Where are you?! Show yourself! ”The soldier demanded in a shrill voice.
"As you wish, Mr. Gian"; he whispered in his ear. The soldier's loud steps broke the silence. But now brisk.
He whipped the man around and released him with a targeted blow in the throat from the obligation to scream. With an almost dance-like turn, he dragged the fidgeting person into the half-open door and slammed it behind him. Strangely, he seemed to have forgotten how to use the rifle in his hands.
"GIAN!" He heard the soldier cry out. He brutally bit the thin skin between his shoulder and neck. The Swiss gave a loud wheeze. The woman ran closer and closer. The blood shot Azazel almost from the torn main artery into his mouth. How he had missed it. But he had no real time to enjoy his meal, because outside the leader was still waiting for her death, she just didn't know it yet.
By sucking, he supported the constant pulsation of the blood. The man's writhing and struggling against his iron grip - he had perfected it a very long time ago - became visibly weakening and the body finally went limp. He carelessly dropped it on the ground and enjoyed the last tingle of the red juice in his mouth. He had to make time to escape and build a new trap.
He looked around in a flash. The room was practically empty, with only a few empty boxes lying around. Damn. His eyes brushed against corpse staring aimlessly at his feet.
"Come out with both hands in the air! GO! ”Katy called in front of the… glass door? Why hadn't he turned out earlier ?! He grabbed the body and picked up momentum.
"Come out of there now, but a bit quick!" The woman roared impatiently.
At that moment he let go of the dead body and he flew precisely through the glass pane and buried the startled human woman under him. He himself used the distraction and jumped out of the hole in the door with his feet outstretched and skillfully rolled off when he got to the side of the human ball.
The Irish woman was still struggling with the reluctant dead man. Invigorated by the meal, he jumped on the wall. His sharp fingernails clawed into the plaster and allowed him to crawl up the wall like an insect. The ceiling was full of cracks and edges from falling parts. Half of the hall had come down a little from him.
He swung elegantly up to the next floor and stayed on the edge. Relaxed and satisfied, he watched what happened next. The woman had finally made it out from under her comrade and was kneeling stunned by what was left of Gian.
"Headquarters? It killed Gian and Cristiano disappeared. I need reinforcements right away and I… ”, she said, laboriously back into the air. No, it wouldn't, it couldn't happen, Azazel thought seriously.
"His head and hair were white like white wool, bright white like snow, and his eyes like flames of fire, his legs shone like gold ore glowing in the furnace, and his voice was like the rustling of water," he continued to recite Bible.
The soldier's head jerked up at him with the beam of light from her lamp. He smiled gently down at her. Her colleague's blood was still shining all over him, his hair was sticky red wetness descended on him. This deliberately staged bloodbath did not fail to have an effect. She swayed white with shock. Now!
He dropped and cushioned himself with half-spread wings. He landed right in front of her and without much ado broke his neck by taking her head between his hands and turning it around with all his destructive power. He had underestimated his strength a bit, because instead of just breaking his neck, he half tore her head off. Blood gushes fell over him and this time made him completely red. What a mess. He looked coldly at the body. So much food wasted, but you didn't eat from the floor, as every child knew. At that moment a strange male voice sounded:
"Headquarters here, where are you?" When there was no answer, she asked again: "Katy? Can you hear me? Headquarters here, where are they? "
Curious, he crouched next to the human body's cooling body and examined the source of the noise. They came from a tiny round device in her ear. What was that? Careful, um broke nothing, he took it in his hand and examined it more closely. How did people manage to get a voice in there?
"Hi? Hello Katy? Reply! Are you hurt?"
“I think the wrong word is injured here. Dead it is more likely, ”Azazel replied sarcastically to the device and immediately felt a little ridiculous.
"Who's there? Where are they? Make yourself known, ”asked the voice. At the same moment he heard soft, uncertain steps coming out of the corridor. Damn it, he had completely hidden it! A beam of light fell on him and Cristiano stopped trembling with his eyes wide with madness. Azazel rose slowly. The device in his fist was almost forgotten.
"In his right hand he held seven stars and a sharp double-edged sword came out of his mouth and his face shone like the powerfully shining sun," Azazel whispered into the dead silence of darkness. The soldier's light revealed his gruesome fresh painting and lit up the red of the blood. The young man stood completely frozen, eyes on the remains of his comrades, when Azazel came up to him.
"When I saw him, I fell dead before his feet." As if paralyzed, the Spaniard dropped to his knees in front of him. What an irony.
"But he put his right hand on me and said: Don't be afraid!" Azazel decided to play along and lovingly put a blood-smeared hand on the cheek of the young man and leaned down to him.
You know what's going on, don't you Cristiano? He whispered in his head, smiling gently, and stroking the soldier's face. Red streaks appeared on the Spaniard's pale cheek. The latter nodded trembling. He started to say something, but was interrupted by the small device in Azazel's hand:
"Cristiano? Here is the headquarters. Reinforcement is on the way, give us your position. And get away from the target, it's too dangerous alone! ”
Azazel bowed his head slightly and displeasure was reflected in his features. Trembling with fear, the young man took a breath and said:
"My mother told me that there are angels, but I didn't want to hear, I didn't want to hear ... Now I'm being punished by God for my sins. Jesus sends you, angel Azazel, angel of death Azazel to punish me sinners… ”The rest of the senseless babble got lost in the madman's deep sobs and he cried his hands over his face crying.
"Cristiano, please! Give us your coordinates. Reinforcement is on the way to them, ”the device tried again.
"Cristiano, that's the devil's enticing voice. Don't succumb to her again, my son. Be steadfast, ”Azazel whispered to his man and crushed the filigree thing in his fist. Better safe than sorry.
"Yes sir, I will do everything sir. I'll be steadfast, I won't disappoint you, sir, ”Cristiano replied quickly, looking up at the supposed angel with a fanatic sparkle in his eyes. Azazel's mind again encompassed that of the man and he continued to quote:
"I am the first and the last and the living. I was dead, but now I live forever and I have the keys to death and the underworld. ”But at the same time he began to shape the weak spirit of the Spaniard according to his will:
All your SINS, remember them Cristiano. Convert you and SERVE me, only in this way can I save you. Show me the way out and your HEART will be WASHED CLEAN like that of his baby on the day of his birth. Eternal DAMNATION is waiting for your sins, don't you understand? This is your only chance to save yourself for your FAMILY. Don't you want to see your mother again YOU have to take it FOR YOU, Cristiano. Way out. Jesus died for YOUR sins, settle this ETERNAL DEBT right now and you will be able to live forever in the Kingdom of God that may come.
Something broke deep in the young man's eyes. It was wonderful to look at. Azazel kissed his forehead. The man rose trembling and stalked ahead. He put a hand on his shoulder. Cristiano winced, but continued obediently as Azazel squeezed something. In silence, the two of them headed for the exit. A light breeze carried distant whispers to Azazel's ear. He immediately stopped and turned his head in the direction from which the noise had come.
"Sir?" Asked the Spaniard cautiously, but a hiss and a sharp look from the "angel" made him fall silent again. There was another soft whisper.
"How many men should reinforcements come?" He asked his new servant. "I don't know exactly sir, but I do 
I guess thirty, ”he replied eagerly. Azazel just nodded as if he already suspected it.
"Is there another way out, sinner?" He asked Cristiano coldly and the young man let out a little sob:
"I don't know sir, I ..."
"No excuses! You speak to a servant of God. I can make sure that you are redeemed from your sins, but if you load more on yourself, the sacrifice of Jesus is for you have been in vain. Imagine Cristiano: the victim death, completely useless. Do you want it? Are you so ungrateful? ”He interrupted him in a voice like ice. It went like clockwork. Now he just had to get away from here without causing a stir.
"No, sir, I will do whatever you order, sir. I am a poor sinner, sir, please forgive me! ”Stammered the young Spaniard and clasped Azazel's leg on his knees in front of him.
"Then say," Azazel continued tonelessly, "is there another way out? And speak quickly, because even angels don't have all the time in the world. ”Now he could already feel the slowly approaching hearts of people pounding. But now brisk.
"Yes, sir, everything you want sir, you are so kind sir ..." his lackey replied relieved, but a look from Azazel was enough to prevent him from fussing around. Why did this person have to be so lame?
"There is only this exit," the man said carefully, raising his arms protectively in front of his face when Azazel's face darkened. As if that would help.
"But I heard in the warehouse that there were ventilation shafts and
- There are pipes that reach the surface, "the Spaniard gushed out shakily. Surface? So you were underground?
"Then lead me," Azazel said simply, and his new slave nodded eagerly and sputtered forward.
Somewhere in Europe, April 5, 5:48 p.m.
"Here it is sir," said Cristiano, pointing to a locked metal door, "but because of the power cut it is
Unfortunately, the lock cannot be released again. I could ask the boys if ... "
"You can be silent," Azazel interrupted him rudely without taking his eyes from the door, "Your lack of trust in God disappointed me very much, Cristiano. I would have expected more from you ”, he scolded him in a soft voice but hard eyes, which only made the addressed one more pale.
"But sir, I would never ...", the young man began to defend himself, but fell silent when the blood-red look of Azazel brushed him again.
"Stand aside, unworthy one."
The supposed angel sank deeply into his mind and felt the all-pervading life energy that flowed through everything - including him. He breathed in and out deeply. He took it resolutely and directed her to the gap between the door and the frame. He struck exactly.
The door bent with a shriek and flew off its hinges in a high arc on the second attempt. Relaxed, he took a step aside so that the dented metal scraps didn't hit him. From the corner of his eye he saw his lackey pressing against the wall in fear and his lips moved in silent prayer. The dust slowly began to sink and a room with no more flat surfaces on the walls became visible.
"Go ahead," he ordered his slave. This obediently started to move and he murmured:
"God sent us a heavenly miracle." Azazel grinned. He had been called God once before. It hadn't turned out well for everyone involved ...
"Mr.? Lord? ”, Cristiano’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts. For a moment disoriented Azazel just stood staring at him. What year did they have? Where was he? Who was he? What was he shook his head in confusion and his thoughts cleared from one moment to the next. He had been caught and was about to be free again. And now had to leave as soon as possible.
He entered the room with his head held high. Overturned chairs and cupboards piled up to form imposing piles of junk and he saw a hand peek out from under a heavy, overturned metal case. What had people done in here?
"What is this room, servant?" He turned to the young Spaniard, who quickly looked away when he realized that Azazel had noticed how Cristiano was looking at him.
"A control room, sir." A few seconds of silence passed. The man nervously stroked the hair from his face. Azazel rolled his eyes in annoyance. Did you have to pull everything out of his nose one by one?
"And? What's that? ”He asked with an impatient gesture.
"From here they could monitor everything ... temperature, ventilation, whoever came in and out, just everything." Azazel nodded as a sign of his satisfaction with his lackey. His new fan let out a breath of relief. A new idea pervaded Azazel's head. Maybe he knew who had held him captive?
"Cristiano, only you can ensure the just punishment of sinners to God who dared to imprison a servant of Jesus like a wicked criminal. You are the key to it. Everything is in your hands and as a faithful servant you will do the right thing. So tell me ... ", he came very close to the young man, their faces almost touched," Who built all of this here? ", Azazel gestured in a big gesture,
"Why do you have mi held captive? Who are you?"
With a burning look he looked into Cristiano's eyes. He trembled slightly and started to speak a few times, but got no sound.
"I ... I ... I," he began, but broke off again. Azazel's face hardened a tiny bit and immediately had an effect:
"I don't know sir. Only Katy, our team leader, knew where we were and why. Forgive me sir. "
A soft growl escaped Azazel's throat and the man tried to dodge backwards, but stumbled over a fallen lamp and crawled away on his back in front of him until a wall prevented his further escape.
"But I know sir ..." Azazel let his arm raised to the blow drop a little.
"Yes, what do you know?" He asked hissing and crouched in front of the Spaniard.
"I know that ... it is some EU science organization."
"What is this EU?" Azazel asked.
"The European Union. A union of all European countries, so to speak, in order to work together and to represent one another externally. "
"Interesting," he muttered, getting up and striding away from the trembling pile of misery on the wall. That didn't really help him, but it was always better than nothing.
But what if he knew more, just couldn't remember? In a flash he was back with Cristiano and covered his head with his hands.
"What are you doing, Master?", He cried out in terror, but Azazel didn't pay him any response at first, but bored his spirit deep into the human head. He only heard the shrill cries of pain on the edge. He wasn't particularly interested if he was honest.
An idea of ​​the young man's thoughts emerged in his mind's eye. Because he pushed all rubbish like childhood memories and his love affairs right away. How boring. He searched deeper in the more recent memories. Stop, there was something! Impatiently he pulled back the picture that was about to slip past him. The scenery opened slightly distorted before him ...
A metal door. Laughter from his comrades. Hurry up, we don't want to miss the food. Alright I'll be right there. Tramp. What was that? Horny Katy with her fat Pugs. Why in the commander's room? Here and here she said, pointing to something on the table in front of her. A map. A card, of course. The BEW will not make it that easy for us. Her butt, her wonderful butt. Doctor Jansen will probably be there. In any case, if it bangs to us alive, we need everything we can get. The dark hair wags when she nods her head. This hair. Now come on, Cris! Right now, Sam. Laughter. And it must not escape, it is a threat to all citizens. Ms. Jönsson is your reliable contact, her sister Susann works in the target object. Report to her after completing the mission. Your contact awaits you in Strasbourg. When they're there ... CRIS ?! YES, I'm coming! That bum, those tits, ahhhhhhh ...
Exhausted, Azazel emerged from the memories. Now he knew more. His search would start there ... once he got out of here. He looked impatiently at the panting Cristiano lying on the floor. A thin trickle of blood ran from his nose. Hunger gently returned to his stomach. No, not now. Later, he thought with a smile.
Hard, but careful not to break anything, he stepped into the man's side and he woke up groaning and curled up from his fainting.
"Where's it going from here?" Azazel asked the young man. The latter just groaned to himself and did not respond to his question.
"Cristiano! Show me! “, He ruled at his slaves, after all he was an angel, so you could be bossy, Azazel thought amused.
"Yes, sir," gasped the Spaniard, "immediately sir," and straightened awkwardly. He crawled toward a metal grill on the wall. With practiced hand movements, he separated it out, revealing a long, narrow passage.
"Now you just have to crawl straight ahead, and you will definitely reach the surface of the earth," said the man after looking at his round, flat part, which served as a map.
While Cristiano was working, Azazel had studied the smooth surfaces on the walls. What were they for?
"Ey, Cristiano? What is that? ”He asked over his shoulder and pointed to the surface in front of him.
"These are screens."
"And what do you need them for?" Azazel wanted to know further.
"Well, they show data and images from the computer, you can see and edit them through them." Azazel nodded thoughtfully. He couldn't see her.
"You served me well. Now receive your blessing, sinner, ”he said in a raised voice and arms outstretched. He had to be very careful not to grin. Simple-minded person.
"Come to me, Cristiano."
With a rapture The Spaniard ran toward him with a smile. A little refreshment would not be bad now, he had used a lot of energy by opening the door and walking through Cristiano’s head. And he sensed that he would need all his strength in his further flight.
Azazel tenderly took the human head in his hands and gave him an intense kiss on the tongue. He gently stroked his cheek with his right hand down to his neck. While the soldier was still distracted, Azazel felt for the pulse under his warm skin with his pointed fingernails until he felt the rapid pounding right under his fingertips. With an incredibly fast movement, he tore the throat of his victim with his nail on the index finger and closed his lips on the wound to catch every drop of the precious water.
The young man shrieked and struck wildly to escape his fate. But the increasing blood loss made him uncoordinated and his movements became weak. The most intense tingling since his awakening filled his senses and masked all worries. Young people tasted best, but definitely much better than old, tough Swiss.
A final, gurgling sound escaped the youth before life poured out of him and his eyes broke. They were still staring in horror and amazed at the ceiling. Azazel was also beginning to feel full. He carelessly dropped the body and kicked it aside. It was only worthless meat now.
"Cristiano? What happened! Please answer! ”Came the strange male voice. The noises sounded strangely loud in the absolute silence of the room. Now he saw that Cristiano had had a device like Katy all the time. Damn, had they listened to everything? Then the reinforcement now knew where he was and what he was up to. Cursing, he began to collect scrap metal and intertwine it at the door. He wouldn't make it that easy for them.
He quickly completed his work and then crawled into the narrow duct. In his hectic pace, his left wing twisted painfully at the metal edge of the opening so that he winced. Impatiently he tried again and pressed the wings very close to his back as close as possible. He crawled artfully into the darkness of the corridor. Hopefully the dead man was right with his directions. Because otherwise he was really fucked.

Chapter 4
Somewhere in Europe, April 5th, 10:03 p.m.
"Damn it!", Azazel grumbled inaudible to the people out there, "Get out of here!"
He had been sitting in the end of the air pipe for several hours now, but the people patrolled past at such short intervals that escape was unthinkable. He peered out of his unwanted prison in frustration. A short stretch of meadow stretched in front of him, which was then replaced by a narrow strip of bushes and trees. Behind it the floor looked strikingly flat, it could be a street, it was not certain.
Another soldier trudged through the picture. Azazel quickly retreated deeper into the darkness of his hiding place. He was still too weak to fight, especially against so many men, some of whom were heavily armed. He had never seen weapons like this before. They were much smaller and more elegant in his memories. Not so martial and upgraded with aiming device and lamps.
But he had to get out of here, at night the time of people was naturally over and his dawn. Also, every minute he stayed here increased the risk of being discovered and getting a few bullets. So he had to be discreet. He began to work carefully on the grille so as not to make a sound. The grate squeaked softly and immediately he paused to listen breathlessly for steps ahead. But nobody approached. He fumbled with relief.
A screw stubbornly resisted him and he was very tempted to break it out. He stared at her angrily, which of course ignored her generously. He took a deep breath and tried to calm down. Hustle and bustle brought nothing here, he had to remain perfectly calm and focused, as with his previous assignments. Slowly there was a feeling of clarity that he always needed in such situations. He tried again to unscrew the screw, this time successfully.
He immediately grabbed the grille before it could fall forward. Quietly he let the metal grate slide to the ground and got out elegantly. He immediately put it back in its original place, he wanted to leave as few traces as possible. Because he was certain: even if he managed to disappear - which was not yet done - they would look for him. Whoever you were.
Azazel pressed close to the metal so that it was completely swallowed up by the shadows for the human eye. And not a moment too early, because another soldier, no female soldier, passed by. He was about to sneak on when he stepped on a dry branch. There she was, discretion. He winced and was angry about his own negligence. That would not have happened in the past. There was only one option left.
The secret of his success was in him, this time meant literally. A mysterious fluid flowed in his veins, which was connected to him forever and is only subject to his will. He only called her his companion. Azazel felt HIM flowing through his veins full of energy, the extensive meals had saved and healed HIM. He didn't know what He was and why he had received Him, but what he did know was that He was alive. It made Azazel grow a blade out of it in a split second.
At first, fine mist rose from the palm of his hand and formed the rough outline before the liquid became as hard and sharp as no earthly material. Nothing held up to this weapon. It was the perfect weapon. The dagger blade flickered with eerie life and fine waves ran along the surface. Somehow logical that people thought he was the Archangel Michael with his flame sword. Only one thing disturbed it: it wasn't him, not at all.
Azazel darted out of hiding and cut the soldier's throat before she even knew what was happening. The dead body was heavy on his chest and before he dropped it, he preferred to let it slide gently on the floor. It was quieter. The body slipped from his hands at the last moment and hit the ground with a thud. He got a hot blood shower. Startled, he held his arms up to his face, at least to be protected there.
"Not again," he groaned barely audibly as he looked down at himself.
The hot water flowed down him in small streams, annoying the clothes sticking to his skin and rubbing in the most unusual places. He had to look terrifying, covered with clotted and fresh blood. He unconsciously retracted the blade. A fine, dark mist snakes like a snake around his forearm and crawls under his skin.
He shook his head to get the sticky hair off his face, but the Erg As a result of his efforts, there was only more hair in front of his eyes. He hurried off as he noticed the pounding of a human heart not too far away. But there was something good about the blood: his formerly bright white clothes, his pale skin and light hair melted as well as the surroundings, he no longer stood out like a fly in the milk.
He snaked like a serpent between the bushes, but then stopped dead as a soldier was leaning against a tree barely two meters away, luckily with his back to Azazel, otherwise he would have been noticed long ago. Damn what now? He looks around searching. There had to be a way to get past him unseen. A crippled branch above him came into view. It was thick and gnarled and swayed gently in the wind.
Perfect. His eyes continued to follow the branch. The associated tree next to him had a deeply grooved bark, made for what he was about to do, but still looked pretty young. Azazel's gaze grazed the soldier in front of him again. Two more with huge, futuristic-looking weapons (well, he was in the future, wasn't everything futuristic there?) Joined the first and started a conversation. Now quickly, as long as they were distracted.
"Ey, Stan, what seen?"
"No, everything is quiet here. Just really cold. "
Azazel dropped to his knees and jumped vigorously. His hard, long fingernails literally bored into the bark of the tree two meters high. He skillfully crawled up in the dead corner of the three men. There was a stormy breeze. The branches around him creaked and the leaves rustled to hide any noises he made out of clumsiness.
"When does the detachment come?" Asked the first, head bowed, to at least protect himself somewhat from the cool of the wind.
Azazel didn't mind cold or warm, he was always at ambient temperature. The only thing that bothered him was sunlight. Fortunately, it was now night and he had one less worry.
He elegantly climbed onto the crippled branch just above the men. Totally calm, he formed a short bow and pointed an arrow at the unprotected neck of the person closest to him. He took a deep breath and concentrated.
"Will you come to the restaurant afterwards? I've seen some hot machines there already, ”a bald man turned to his companions and grinned dirty.
Azazel rolled her eyes. Men. Some things would never change, not even in decades and centuries. But somehow the normality of the words Azazel stung deep in the soul. What right did he have to kill these soldiers? They just did their job and were not in his way or threatening his life. He chewed his lip thoughtfully and slowly lowered the bow.
What was wrong with him? Since when did he want to kill bystanders? It had never been his way, it was so uncivilized, so primitive. So human. A little ashamed of himself, he released the weapon in his hands. Fine
Clouds of mist swirled around his wrists and sought their way back under his skin.
The men beneath him laughed and the post remained happily with Azazel alone. Now he could and had to go on. He had wasted far too much time. He patiently watched a perfect moment when he jumped into the branches of the next tree.
A little awkwardly he made an animal noise, but he was lucky that at this moment the wind picked up noticeably and the trees creaked ominously. But he had to be more careful because the guard looked attentively from side to side, there was no amateur at work here. He got from tree to tree unmolested until he arrived at the road, as he had rightly suspected.
Hell was going on there. Lights were set up everywhere and people were romping between tents and strange four-wheeled devices that, after a long time, reminded him of Benz automobiles and motor carriages, which he had seen as one of the first. Here it would clearly be more difficult to get through unseen.
To the left of him the strip of forest ended a short distance away, but to the right it ran a little further. Skillfully taking advantage of the shadows, he explored whether there was a good place to go. But the hustle and bustle on the street hardly diminished. Swearing silently, he stopped at the very edge of the trees. He had to think of something else.
He pondered the hustle and bustle in front of him. Lots of people in military-style uniforms ran around. Suddenly the shouting intensified and a little crowd of people formed a little to his left. What was going on now? Azazel knew that this doubled the risk of being discovered if not tripling, but he just couldn't control his curiosity. Quickly climbed as close as possible to the crowd.
"Ey, rest! Go back to your posts! ”Roared a woman with a smooth bob, who fell just below her chin. Solved under grumbling the crowds open up. The woman had to be something like the leader, maybe an officer?
Now that the rows were thinning, he could see the reason for the excitement: the body of the soldier who had killed Azazel had been found. Her whole body was covered in blood. The leader looked at the woman in front of her for a long time.
"Take her to the cold store and have her examined closely," she ordered a man next to him, who nodded militarily and made his way. The leader slowly straightened up and looked thoughtful.
"Madam?" Another soldier asked next to her.
"It broke out, maybe it's already here. Send everyone to their position, no stain may be left unguarded. Just tell them what they need to know. He's a terrorist for her, understand? ”She told him and the man set off. The woman's gaze slid across the trees. Azazel quickly retreated into the deep darkness between the branches.
What now? How should he disappear now unseen? He had to hurry, before all the soldiers were there, he had to be through. He looked intensely at the lights or whatever these machines were. Thick cables ran between them and ran through the entire base like veins. An idea came up in him. A malicious smile split his lips and caused the still slightly damp paint on his face to break and partially peel off in particularly thickly covered areas. How about bloodletting?
Taking perfect advantage of the moving shadows, he crawled all the way to the edge of the road and climbed the highest point he could find without being seen. Concentrated, he closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths in and out to clear his mind and prepare for what was coming. He sent him to the first cable he could find and followed him carefully through the growing mesh to its origin.
All cables ended in a large tin box, which was covered by a smooth plate at the top. The box was just shining Energy. What actually flowed in the cables? Electrical current? Oil? Gas? Water? In the end it didn't matter, the main thing was that the light went out. Because then people were helpless and Azazel had an easy game.
As if with two giant hands, he began to slam the box and squeeze it together. Sparks flew and the metal screeched under the enormous strain. The light in the whole camp began to flicker ominously. Good. Azazel caught up briefly for the epic finale.
It tore at the box with full force and it shattered loudly into many parts. The people who had previously followed the dance of the metal box with mouths open in disbelief ran for screaming cover so as not to be hit by the deadly projectiles.
A woman with a long braid fell to the floor when a long piece of wire pierced her calf. A young soldier's face was cut by rags of sharp metal. And suddenly the darkness flooded the street and regained what was hers. Azazel opened her eyes exhausted. All of this happened to him in slow motion. Good that he had eaten something before, otherwise he could never have done it. Telekinesis was extremely tiring, especially from such a long distance. He felt a little dim, but he pulled himself together. Now he couldn't afford to make mistakes.
He elegantly spread his wings. He was still shaking with tension and trying to calm down. The people under him didn't notice. How about the noise they made? They ran excitedly back and forth and yelled at each other in different languages. "Go on, the emergency generator is already on and stop crying like old women!" Ordered the leader of the panicked crowd around her. Azazel wanted to ram her fingernails into her delicate cheeks, but unfortunately there was no time for that. He had to hurry and escape while it was still dark. Maybe another time. 
The wind was favorable and gave him a push from behind. He threw himself heavily in the air and glided over the street with a few wing beats high above people's heads. Even now nobody bothered to look up. They never expected an attack from above. Stupid creatures. Just because that didn't apply to them didn't mean the same to their opponents. Hadn't they learned anything in the centuries?
Rustling loudly he arrived in the opposite treetop and go quickly back between the branches. But someone must have seen him, because there was a loud cry:
"That was something! Come on, the light. Quickly! ”That was how Azazel could pull his head in before the light drove away the darkness again. Damn, he really had to get going now.
"Twenty men arm themselves and come with me!" The leader's voice ordered loudly. Very bad. He jumped from branch to branch much more attentively than before, but beneath him the people caught up relentlessly.
"Stop and come down with your arms raised!" Shouted the human woman. Okay, they hadn't wanted it any other way.
He turned abruptly on a branch and looked for a stable position. The loud trample of people through the undergrowth came closer and closer. Suddenly, extremely calmly, he let a bow rise from his hands and pulled the tendon.
An arrow appeared immediately, which the first man got straight in the thigh. He flew through the middle, leaving a tunnel of burned meat. The contours of the arrow melted in flight after it had passed through the human body and a waving rag of mist returned to Azazel and almost united with the bow in search of protection. Light waves ran along the surface, giving it a lively look.
The soldier's body was ripped back in the barrel, causing two others to fall. He immediately sent two more arrows behind. The first hit a beefy man in the upper arm and sent him to the ground screaming loudly, the second went straight to the knee and let the associated human body fall forward. Everything happened in slow motion for Azazel.
Three more arrows found their target before the people returned the fire, with Azazel being careful not to kill the victims. It was enough to take her out of the race. In addition, he did not have to fear revenge from relatives that might still be there, because often several of one family served together in the army. At least in his time it had been.
He quickly retracted his weapon and continued to flee across the trees. There were fourteen left. Normally that would have been easy to do, but he felt weak because of the show in the warehouse and somehow packed in cotton wool. He absolutely had to eat something again and then sleep. He was incredibly tired and the stress was slowly taking its toll. His body did not recover from the exhaustion of the dungeon as quickly as his mind.
Azazel mobilized his last energy reserves with clenched teeth. He jumped vigorously from his branch and jumped several meters through the air. Rowing with his arms, he struggled for balance when he landed. But he had underestimated the strength of the branch when he jumped off because it gave way under his weight and it was too late to react. With a loud outcry, he also hit the mossy forest floor. But he had to keep going, he didn't have time to take care of his aching shoulder.
"Damn it again!" He growled involuntarily and struggled to his feet. People came closer and closer.
A blazing pain in his knee made him refrain from further headless flight. Panting desperately, he looked around. He had to eat something to heal and strengthen himself. But for that he had to distract and divide them. In a flash he retreated behind a thick bush, but before that he smeared a lot of blood on the next best tree and made a false track of kinked branches. Now he could only hope that it worked.
The remaining men loudly burst out of the thick undergrowth into the tiny clearing that was now lit by a multitude of lamps. Azazel retreated deeper into the protective shadows. The people all stood back to back to keep an eye on the whole area. The clearing fell silent, only the steady rustling of the trees in the wind filled the air.
"Where did he go?" Asked someone after a while in a whisper and was hissed down for it. Azazel was completely silent and breathed in the rhythm of the gusts of wind to make no sound.
"It's long there," says a tall black man with a slight head movement in the wrong lane.
"No, that's a trap," a young soldier said. Perplexed silence fell over the group as they waited for a sign from their leader. That was the moment Azazel had been waiting for.
He sent his ghost around the people in a big arc and looked for a small, dry branch. The crack as he broke it with the gift echoed deafeningly through the dark stillness of the night. The leader with the bob reacted immediately and motioned for several people to go in that direction. Only three soldiers - happy usually without her - stayed behind in the clearing and apparently should be waiting here.
Another tomb-like silence fell over the clearing. Two of those who stayed behind turned so that they stood with their backs to him and stared bored into the dark. The third in the group, a very young spotty soldier, had moved a little away from his comrades and had come close to Azazel's hiding place. That was the opportunity, it shot through his head.
"It's all shit here!" Cursed a long-haired young man, "In the end they still find it and experience the most epic fight ever and we have to be here in the freezing cold rotting! ”Burned with rage, he hurled some earth and moss with his foot when he stamped like a small child.
"Now do it half length, Alessandro. Chill times, "said his comrade in an emphatically cool voice," Maybe they will all die and then it is up to us to save the world from this terrorist. Think positive! ”A grim sniff answered him.
Azazel slowly retreated deeper into the darkness, but deliberately cracked a dry branch. Staring at the pimple face in front of him, he waited for his reaction. Hopefully he didn't inform the others, he just followed him. It worked visibly on the young man's face. He turned uncertainly to his still fighting comrades, who were discussing the coolest way to die. Azazel's eyes narrowed No, no, no! The soldier turned abruptly, put on a determined expression and raised his rifle, which looked just ridiculous compared to his measly figure, a little higher. If he did play the hero, Azazel was only too happy.
He backed away rustlingly and the boy followed him like a lap dog. When they were far enough away, Azazel stopped. Silence spread around her and covered her scene like a shroud. Only the loud breathing of the human being could be heard. Even the wind sounded muffled.
"Hello?" The soldier asked softly in a shaky voice into the all-encompassing darkness. He was stiff with fear now, he was sure to realize what a big mistake he had made. Or maybe not. No matter.
"Hello?" He tried again louder. The beam of light from the lamp on the barrel of the gun flitted excitedly back and forth.
"Sam? SAM! ”Came from far away. The Sam ?! Azazel pushed the thought into the back corner of his mind, but something advised him not to forget the name. Incredibly careful not to make a sound, he crept around the boy.
Azazel was so close now that he could almost feel the rapid heartbeat on his skin.
"Where are you…" he started little one, but the rest went down in a shrill, girlish scream as Azazel tore his carotid artery with his razor-sharp teeth. Within a few seconds the thin body was bloodless and his injuries began to heal noticeably faster. In his thoughts somewhere else, he dropped his power bar on the floor. It could go on.
Only his senses that had been sharpened for centuries saved his life the next moment, which sounded an almost imperceptible crack, followed by a soft hiss. He instinctively dropped and immediately got back on his feet with an elegant jump. Now he saw what almost killed him. A man aimed his gun and looked at him, startled by the unexpected reaction of his victim.
Azazel reacted with lightning speed and slapped his gun out of the man's hand and grabbed his throat with one hand after a complete turn and pressed him against the next best tree. The human had no time to react and looked at him stunned. His eyes slid past Azazel to the pale corpse on the leaf-covered floor.
"Sam!" The man sobbed almost silently and now Azazel noticed the similarity of the facial features. Were they brothers?
He unconsciously turned his head to the dead man and this merciless distraction was used mercilessly. He nudged Azazel hard on the head, causing his hand to loosen slightly around the soldier's throat. But Azazel immediately caught himself and rammed a knife just shaped into the man's side.
The man gasped loudly and cringed. A loud crash interrupted Azazel at work and he turned to flee without taking care of the pale soldier. Bullets flew past him and missed him just as narrowly.
"Continue! We mustn't lose him! ”He heard the leader roar.
Azazel only ran, the flight dominated all his thinking. Tree branches hit him and scratched his arms protectively in front of his head. He had to get rid of people, better now than later, But how? His thoughts were racing and he could hardly think of panic and exhaustion beyond the next step.
Suddenly the forest stopped and wide, flat fields stretched out in front of him, as did a peaceful, slumbering village that nestled idyllically in front of him between the hills. Cursed! Now he was without any cover. As if to confirm, a shot brushed his biceps and made him spin around in alarm. The wound hurt strangely and he no longer felt it close as usual.
Fire spread from her in a circle and ate through his veins. He gritted his teeth to cope with the pain. She must have put silver in it. Did everyone know his weakness? He felt the screeching of his companion in him as part of HIM, who was unlucky enough to be in his arm, was burned and died. He was literally maimed. HE pulled back deep into Azazel's body and sought protection in his brain, because there he was safe from the metal. Azazel could no longer count on HIS help.
"Merde!", He swore from old habit in French through clenched teeth. Soldiers burst out of the thicket. In his world of pain and panic, he was stunned and reacted a little late. He stumbled on and was now very close to a wall.
"Stand still! You are encircled! ”Roared the woman behind him.
Azazel was looking straight at her and staring straight into her eyes. Smiling, he shook his head as if he were an obedient child. The wound on his arm sent red-hot stitches all over his side.
His blood-stuck hair flew easily through the air as he turned and pushed himself off the floor with full force. He literally took two steps up the rough wall before he got there
Got a gable. Only now have people overcome their astonished paralysis.
He was immediately back in the hail of bullets. With a loud groan, he pushed himself up and crawled onto the roof. Here the bullets no longer reached him and he only lay on his stomach breathing for a few moments. He closed his eyes exhausted. How he would have liked to have slept or had a quick nap ...
"No," he whispered to himself in his mother tongue and clenched his right hand into a fist. His feminine long fingernails dug into his sensitive palm and this sharp pain brought him completely back to reality.
He jerked himself onto all fours and hurriedly got a look at the situation. Next to him, a haggard soldier was pulling up to him on the roof, which was immediately kicked down by Azazel with a deliberate kick in the face. The human woman's nose crunched under his bare foot and she cried out with a shrill cry as she fell down.
Azazel got up and stumbled on. Crackling footsteps sounded behind him and he accelerated. An alley opened in front of him, too wide to just jump over it. He gritted his teeth and jumped vigorously when he reached the roof edge. He felt the breeze when the man who had been chasing him could not brake in time and fell into the depths screaming. His wings spread wide, but a roaring pain in his left wing made him spin. He was hit.
He clumsily fluttered the last few meters and crashed hard against the house wall, but luckily he got hold of the gutter with one hand. Again he pulled himself up and looked for fire protection behind a chimney towering high in front of him.
Panting, he pressed himself against it and examined his latest wound. It pounded painfully in time with his heartbeats and he felt a corrosive foreign body between his bones. The silver had to get out of his body quickly, because now Azazel began to feel the anesthetic effect of the high dose. It became slightly dim around him and he had to blink several times to focus on the injury.
Quickly before his determination could shake, he stuck his thumb and index finger into the wound. The intense pain made him cry out briefly, at a pitch people could no longer perceive. He caught the projectile and jerked it out. He roared again and he went black for a few moments. But he had to keep going, because he felt people coming closer.
Panting loudly, he pushed himself up and stumbled on. He felt the wound slowly start to contract. Very well. But he stopped at the edge of the roof, arm-rowing, because the people had positioned themselves in front of him on the street below and now a dozen rifle barrels were aimed at him. Stumbling, he took a few steps back, but felt cold metal in between on the shoulder blades.
"Another move and you get a bullet in the back!", a deep male voice hissed out of breath.
Azazel carefully turned his head and saw out of the corner of his eye the man he had killed in the forest. Apparently not. He felt two more behind the soldier. A stalemate, but hadn't he mastered much more hopeless situations? Yes, you were in full possession of your strength and no one knew your weakness, a voice sounded inside him that he simply ignored. He closed his eyes. The gun behind him cracked menacingly.
"No, Garrett, we need him alive!" The leader called from below.
"But this ... monster not only killed my brother, it ate him as if he were nothing more than a worthless piece of meat !!!" Why was he called Garret? These memories
Tears came to his eyes without being able to control himself. No, not now ... but he was powerless. A single tear swelled emerged from under his eyelid and hurriedly ran down his cheek.
"No," Azazel hissed so softly that only the person behind him could hear anything.
With his gift he slapped the soldier's neck and relentlessly squeezed the tissue together. His hands snapped to his throat and he dropped his weapon. Hateful Azazel turned and stared into his eyes. Why did he have to remind him of that ?!
His face remained completely motionless, only from his eyes spoke such a deep hatred that the soldiers behind Garrett pale. In the meantime, the soldier gasped for breath, so that his eyes bulged out. But this sight suddenly became too much for Azazel and he broke the soldier's neck with a silent scream, merely making a tiny gesture. Azra's core was covered with frost.
The body sagged lifelessly and Azazel just looked at it for a few seconds. His eyes were of an inhuman freezing cold as he slowly walked towards the two petrified soldiers. He simply ignored the bullets around him and easily deflected them with a narrow shield so that they just missed him. One of the two - an older man - stood in his way, but a brief touch on his chest at the level of his heart was enough to stop it.
Azazel was in a trance. This state of mind always assailed him when his emotions boiled over. Powers were released in him that he could never have achieved. But the price was the loss of all feelings and memories of that time.
When the man crashed lifelessly to the ground, he looked at the other man, a woman with a haggard face. She bowed her head and respectfully stepped aside. He had already forgotten her presence when he walked past her. His eyes continued to slide to a chimney a little ahead of him. Perfect. He left the now kneeling soldier (she would refuse to say what had happened on the roof back then until the end of her life) and accelerated his steps. He jumped to the edge of the chimney and let himself fall in with his feet first. Bullets whistled past him.
Azazel slid down the narrow, dusty shaft and arrived in a huge cloud of dust below with a loud rumble. He woke up from his trance. How did he get here? What happened? All he could remember was the sight of the man named Garrett, who was suffocating. Then it dawned on him: he had slipped off again. How many had he killed? How had he left everyone behind? But now he had more important things to do, he called himself to order. Coughing, he crawled out of the fireplace and had to stop for a few moments to find his bearings.
He had ended up in a romantic bedroom with a huge four-poster bed. God, how cheesy he thought inside. Then he noticed the presence in the bed of two people who gawked at him sleepily. Damn. He nodded to them kindly, as if they were old acquaintances, turned and walked out of the room. Hopefully they thought it was a dream, he said inside as he gently closed the door behind him and listened outside.
He heard the soldiers wildly arguing and running around. He crept silently across the long corridor. In front of him a bright cat appeared from the next room. They stared at each other for a few seconds in the middle of the movement, then the cat strutted on as if it were just another piece of furniture, albeit a smelly one. Azazel had to grin. That's why he liked cats.
He continued to move towards the door, but froze when he heard noises from outside. In a flash he pulled himself into the device back room and merged with the dark. The front door was crashed in and he felt several soldiers storm into the house, including the leader.
"Search everything! We can't let him escape again! Come on, ”she commanded. The men nodded and spread out. Three headed for the room. Damn it.
He looked around quickly. No hiding place in sight. But a glass door or something caught his eye. He quickly headed for it and found a handle that he quickly pushed down. He saw a balcony in front of him. He quickly entered and closed the door behind him. A street lamp grew out of the ground very close to the balcony. A plan matured in Azazel. He climbed onto the balustrade and briefly balanced. He tensed and jumped over to the lantern. He got hold of her and dug his fingers into the cool metal. It swayed slightly under his weight. Now quickly, before anyone noticed him. He climbed onto the narrow head of the lantern and looked around briefly.
The lanterns ran in a row along the entire street. And the distances between them weren't that big. It was doable for him. He jumped to the next one with concentration and landed skillfully with one foot. Before he could lose his balance, he jumped on to the next one, where he landed with the other foot. So he hurried down the entire street without being seen by any of the soldiers guarding him. Even if someone had looked up, they would have been blinded by the light of the lanterns and would have probably thought the shadow was a visual illusion.
He entered a small, quiet side street, unmolested. He climbs on the first roof. He crawled on flatly, he didn't want to be noticed so shortly before the end. The wind brought scraps of soldiers' noise to him. They now sounded clearly helpless and desperate. Azazel rubbed his eyes wearily. He just wanted rest. He absolutely needed sleep.
He slid elegantly down the sloping roof of the house until he was just hanging with his fingertips in the gutter. He carefully searched the dark alley for life. Nothing was to be seen or felt. He dropped and rolled off the floor, practiced. He immediately pushed himself back into the darkness of a corner of the house.
Not too far away he heard the clatter of weapons and cramped steps to make noiselessness. He hurried to get away. Now it was a game according to its rules, as it should be.
Somewhere in Europe, April 6th, 7:08 a.m.
There was a low humming sound across the metal floor on which Azazel lay, pulling him out of his comatose sleep.
"What's going on?" He mumbled sleepily and sat up in slow motion. He was still exhausted and felt like he was battered. He looked around somewhat disoriented.
He was in a small, dark room that was completely filled with packages of any size and shape. Where was he? His throat was very dry and could use some red juice… The hum that had woken him continued.
Azazel frowned. What had happened again? He thought: yesterday he had escaped from his prison and, as it seemed, had successfully escaped from his guards. And then ... and then ... Hm, what had happened then? The lines on his forehead deepened as he searched his sleep-clogged brain for any information. He had successfully fled ... and then he was hiding in a huge automobile!
He shook his head, grinning slightly, at his stupidity. But wait a minute ... why was there noise now? It hadn't done that yesterday. The room suddenly started with a slight jerk and Azazel almost lost his balance. Crap, the car drove away with him! And he didn't even know where to go!
He rubbed his face wearily. He had to be out of people's reach. Somewhere where he could relax and nobody could find him. At first he had had enough of the people. So where should he go? Where were the least of these carrion vultures? Iceland, it shot through his mind, nobody had ever wanted to live there. It was freezing cold all year round and it was.
It always rained when it wasn't snowing or foggy. And that was summer. Maybe it was the same today and only a few lived there?
Then the only question left to be clarified was where he was and where he was going. He listened attentively outside. There was very little music nearby. She must have come out of the cab. Carefully, in order not to knock anything over and thus draw the driver's attention to his stowaway, he turned between the stack of packages and approached the source of the music. Another smooth wall appeared in front of him. He put it silently in ear to the cool metal and focused on the sounds that came through it. The music really started now. It sounded like a muzzle of love. He listened more closely to understand the singer's language.
La mer… Au ciel d'été confond… Ses blancs moutons… Avec les ans si purs… La mer bergère… d'azur… Infinie Voyez… Près des étangs… Ces grands roseaux mouillés… Voyez… Ces oiseaux blancs… Et ces maisons rouillées La mer Aah, (French) 
(The sea ... In the summer sky confuses ... Its white sheep ... With the years so pure ... The shepherdess sea ... of azure ... Infinite See ... Near the ponds ... These big wet reeds ... See ... These white birds ... And these rusty houses The sea Aah,)
So he was in France. Or? But where exactly did the music come from? It didn't sound like a pen roller, there were several instruments. Azazel frowned in confusion. Maybe one of these new records? The first was said to exist in 1898, but he did not pay much attention to this invention at the time. Wrongly? In his opinion, nobody would prefer recorded music to live homemade. After a while he shrugged. That wasn't his problem. The next time the car stopped, it would find out where it was. Tired, he went back to his old sleeping place and was dozed off again within seconds. Somewhere in Europe, April 6th, 12:54 p.m.
A snarling sound made Azazel wake up from sleep. What was going on now? With growing horror he saw how the door at the end of the room opened relentlessly. Cursed! A tired face with a gray mustache came to light and the eyes just spilled out of the caves when they saw Azazel. But this dealt with the experience of centuries and soared to man.
He grabbed his shirt with both hands and pulled himself up at the same time. While still on the move, Azazel threw the man half a turn behind him into the packages. Everything happened too quickly for humans, he just had to give a questioning grunt before disappearing upside down in the packages. Azazel paid no attention to him but stormed out. A mistake.
In front of him a place opened with a handful of people who stopped in the middle of their movement to be able to stare at him better. Then the sun's rays hit him with full force. Despite the thick layers of blood, his skin began to tingle as if thousands of ants were crawling around underneath. Instinctively he put a hand in front of his face and turned away from the disgusting brightness. He had to wait in the shadows and for the night. His eyes narrowed. At the other end of the square, it opened into a narrow shady alley. That was his escape route.
Without caring about the people standing around, he ran towards it, pushing people out of the way a few times who didn't respond quickly enough.
"Hey, afterwards!", He heard a rough old man's voice screaming in French before his head was only filled with the pounding thought of escape.
Relieved, he stumbled into the cool darkness of the alley and did what he got before people caught up with him. The whole house looked strange, but his subconscious recognized her. But it did not penetrate his mind, because he only had a steady path, path, path that shot through the brain in sync with his steps.
He scurried to the right, sometimes to the left, through the increasingly narrow streets, which filled with people. Where did they all come from? Panic threatened to overwhelm him. He gritted his teeth hard and turned into a dark entrance to a dilapidated house that was completely covered with tarpaulins and scaffolding. He couldn't be seen, too many would have seen him.
He practiced in the shadow of the great gate. The even sound of speaking people sounded over him and somehow it had a calming effect on him. He exhaled slowly and concentrated on his pounding heart. He silently counted the strokes - one, two, three, four, five
- until he was completely under control again.
Just breathing, he listened to the voices of those around him who didn't notice him, even though he was less than five meters away. It was French, but it sounded different, somehow ... he looked for a suitable word, but failed. The next one was more "networked", but it wasn't exactly what he wanted to express. He listened more closely.
"Marie, how did you get the hair color? I wish I…"
"Today we recommend the carrot cake ..."
"Jean, bring me a ..."
"Have you ever been here in Paris? Yes? Then you might know that there is an exhibition at the Center Pompidou of ... “What, he was in Paris ?! Hmmmm, it couldn't have been better, he told himself. Azazel remembered the houses
that he had seen in the beginning.
Right! There he had this in 1820 ... what was his name? ... oh, killed Charles Ferdinand de Bourbon and then it this saddler Pierre Lavel? Level? Louvel! slipped into shoes. The fool then really thought he was and of course was executed for what he was
"had done. Well, that wasn’t Azazel’s problem, but he had gotten a good chunk of money for the assassination. And what had been even better: he had behind them 
Looked at scenes of the world of politics and power and can enjoy everything as a silent observer.
It has always been his favorite thing to do in this world: watching and staying in the background, but occasionally making a confusing move to make the whole game more interesting. There was nothing more fascinating for him than observing for centuries what people would come up with next. It was irrelevant to him, whether in science or politics. It was always amazing what her mind produced.
He ran his hand absentmindedly across the cheek and had to control himself not to cry out in pain. He had completely forgotten that. How could he have forgotten it ?! With a slight disgust (but also an undeniable fascination) he looked at the cheek-sized piece of skin in his hand and threw it away for a few seconds. It slapped the wall softly and fell onto the dust-covered floor where it remained. Azazel looked at it lost in thought. But now he knew where to go.
He got up carefully and peered out. Most of the people had moved, only a few were sitting in the coffee at the end of the alley. But luckily had to go the other way. As inconspicuously as a bloodstained, winged creature with only one cheek was possible, he scurried down the street and immediately saw the alley he was looking for. He quickly hurried to her and disappeared into the cool shadow of the houses.
Somewhere in the old town of Paris, April 6, 2:29 p.m.
With all his strength he braced himself against the stone block that blocked his way. But this did not do him the favor and moved away; he also simply ignored Azazel's evil looks icy cold. But now so close to the goal, Azazel didn't want to give up so easily. He looked around, but there were few people to be seen, and they were some distance away from him. He crouched at the side of the block and examined it again.
It was worked like a plaque (or, to be more precise, like a tombstone) and covered a large piece of cemetery earth. Inscriptions were carved into it so that he could read:
"Here rest in peace with God ..."
The top half had been covered with ivy and the name had become illegible over time. A cat stroked his legs and Azazel did her a favor and scratched her soft head. She purred so gleefully that even he had to smile at his dark thoughts. But the prick of sunlight on the back of his head reminded him of why he had come here.
He looked thoughtfully at the grave, which hid a secret entrance to the notorious Paris Catacombs, as he proceeded to scratch the cat's belly, causing it to be comfortably squirmed. He had used this path so many times. But was there still an entrance to the Montmartre cemetery? In the past he had often been underground in the widely branched corridors, although he did not really like the feeling of rock above him. But because of his sun-sensitive skin and of course his job, it was necessary.
From the corner of his eye he saw something between the thick branches of ivy. Curious, he brushed the heart-shaped leaves aside and a hollow became visible. It was suitable for one hand. That's right, it was like that! This prodding Baptiste had led him into the labyrinth under the city and had always served as a guide until Azazel knew his way around. Baptiste had also been his liaison with his customers and had always brought him lucrative business, such as the de Bourbon attack. It had been really fascinating who wanted his death. But that was not important now.
He carefully put his hand in the hollow and pressed it down. The cat he had crawled up to watched him curiously. Her cock twitched excitedly. The grave slab moved down a bit on this side, the other came up a bit. Then she jammed.
"Damn it!" Azazel muttered impatiently. He was tired and the burned skin hurt. He just wanted to sleep.
He got up and pressed his entire weight onto the grave slab. Nothing happened for a few seconds, but then she gave in with a loud crack and he fell headfirst into a narrow passage. With a thud he came to the floor and lay painfully on his stomach. The cat looked down questioningly at him when Azazel managed to raise his head and look around with a low moan.
"Oh, man," he said, and he sat up very slowly. The cat jumped elegantly down to him, sat down next to him and quietly walled him. Apparently he had found a fan.
"Yes / Yes. It will go on soon. Just not that impatient. And thanks for asking, I'm fine except for two broken ribs, ”he replied sarcastically in his mother tongue (which, strangely enough, the animals seemed to understand) and stood up slightly.
Under his skin, the bones in question slowly began to grow together again. In a few hours they would be like new again. He breathed very shallowly because glowing needles were chased through his lungs with every breath. But at least it was nice and shady down here.
He looked up. At a height of two meters, the grave slab hung almost completely upright in a simple tilting mechanism. If you pushed one side down, grab this one and the other one went up logically. On the side where the plate was facing upwards, rusted metal struts were now revealed, which made it easy to climb down. Maybe next time, he thought with a painful face as he climbed the struts. If there should be another next time. He carefully pushed the plate back into its original place. He wanted to leave as little trace as possible of who knew if they had already seen him in Paris and were now hunting him again.
His fan gave a questioning meow when Azazel returned stood next to him below.
"Yes, we're going to look for something to rest now. And I already know where ... ”, he replied softly and looked into the passage that stretched in front of them. It was so dark that you could no longer see the hand in front of your eyes. But that wasn't a problem for him.
He gently lifted the cat and put it on his shoulder, where she immediately made herself comfortable and nestled around his neck so that the legs rested on one shoulder and the head rested on the other. The disgusting smell of blood that was blowing around him now didn't seem to bother her. In the pleasant darkness around them, he started walking into the passage that stretched out in front of him in the direction of his old hiding place. Let's see if it was still there.
Somewhere in the Paris Catacombs, April 7th, 12:12
It was still there, just as he remembered it. He had walked for a very long time, had changed levels several times (yes, there were several shifts in the Parisian underworld) and had finally arrived at his old hiding place that had served him as an apartment for so many years. In a winding side passage, he walked along the wall, looking for the sign that he had scratched the stone so long ago. There! An old A in the Babylonian cuneiform, his favorite font, because he could read it without any problems because it was always scratched somewhere.
A very hidden gap was visible, through which one could easily squeeze through, if it wasn't exactly a giant tampon. Then a large circular cave opened that could not possibly be of natural origin. Azazel suspected that it must have been there in Roman times. Maybe she had a sect as a ceremony room served? He had found ancient signs on the walls that he himself did not recognize. But he had just accepted it, because nobody knew about his cave when he had investigated - of course very inconspicuously. Some secrets just remained uncovered. Maybe it was better that way, he thought sometimes.
In the middle of the circular room, which was perhaps five man-lengths in diameter, was an equally round platform with a depression, which was connected by a footbridge to the two-meter-wide path at the edge of the cave. At the edge of the cave he had found a semicircular niche, set up camp there and even built an extra space for his… tools that he needed for his work.
But the real special thing about the cave was the steadily flowing water, which - it seemed - emerged from the rock through a natural opening and enclosed the platform. On the other side of the cave, the builders had created a deep basin, which had a narrow drain in the rock wall, so that fresh water always flowed into the canals and basins. He had always been very clean; he just couldn't stand being dirty and smelly. At times he was the only one in all of Paris.
Relieved, he headed for his former bed. He crouched and carefully lifted the sleeping cat off his shoulders. She didn't wake up when he gently placed her on the floor. Her paws only twitched slightly in a dream and she curled up closer. He went to his thoughtfully
"Workshop", but it was decayed and apparently disintegrated some time ago. It was just a pile of rotted boards and musty rags.
He stood in front of it with a sigh. Well, he wasn't going to stay. At least not for very long. Although ... wasn't he safest down here in the catacombs? In a huge human city like Paris nobody would suspect him? And if he really wanted to go to Iceland he had to go back to strength come and relax enough, because the long flights there would not be a walk.
But now he had to wash himself first. He had longed for that all along. He went across the dock onto the platform and took off his blood-staring clothes, which were already stiff with dirt. It was so pleasant that he stretched comfortably. Now he was walking naked on a staircase that always twisted along the platform and deeper into the water led.
It was pleasantly cool, although he didn't mind heat or cold. He stroked his crusty skin and literally felt the dirt loosen in chunks. His skin shimmered very white in the darkness, because through a crack in the ceiling, moonlight penetrated indirectly into the cave and gave it something mystical, elusive.
Azazel didn't really need the light, but his fan would definitely like it. Some sunlight came in during the day, but it was so diffuse and faint that he didn't have to worry. Now the hair was on. He dived and ran through the long strands. He repeated this procedure until it felt completely clean.
He paid special attention to the feathers of his wings. He washed out each one, which took over two hours and made him very controversial. Then he was finally clean, externally and internally. The washing had calmed his troubled interior and he felt very tired.
He dived one last time and then climbed out of the water. He wrung out his long white hair and temporarily combed it with his fingers, thinning it out quite a bit. He had to get a comb or steal (which was more likely in his case). He left his clothes where they were. He would wash them tomorrow (or was it tomorrow?) And get new, less noticeable ones.
He yawned so extensively that his jaw joint cracked loudly. Finally sleep. He lay down next to the cat, still slightly wet, and curled up just like her. The cat moved slightly in his sleep and nestled against his chest. It felt incredibly soft and Azazel felt her rapid pulse on his heart. It was such a peaceful, trusting gesture after all the fearful and hateful flight that he smiled warmly and you could understand why some thought he was an angel. He closed his eyes and spread a wing over himself and the cat so that it was nice and warm and lay like in a living tent. Then he fell asleep immediately.
Somewhere in the Paris Catacombs, April 7th, 8:12 p.m.
He woke up and felt completely rested for the first time. Nothing hurt him and even the hunger was gentle. He sat up smiling. Where was his fan? He looked around and found her around his bloodstained clothes. Now she sniffed it and seemed to ponder whether the rags were edible. Then she strutted away and sat on the edge of the platform, where she started a thorough cleanup. Well, she had been lying on his dirty clothes for several hours.
Azazel shrugged and went across the dock onto the platform. He grabbed his clothes and started saving what could be saved. Even when it was clean, it looked more like rags than clothes. There were cracks and holes everywhere, even in places where, with the best will in the world, he couldn't explain them. But he had nothing better for now. He put on the still wet clothes. It stuck everywhere and rubbed. The first thing he would do: get new clothes. The cat watched impatiently and mowled.
"Yes, yes, it's about to start. Just a moment, madam, ”he murmured, straightening his t-shirt. "Okay, let's go!" He said, lifting her back onto her shoulders. Madam snuggled up to his neck and immediately dozed off again.
"How much sleep do you need ?! We only slept a whole day, ”he said amused to the cat, who only commented on the teasing with a soft shove.
Azazel looked at the cave ceiling. The last daylight shimmered gently on the rough rocks. So it would be really dark soon. Very well.
He walked into the tangle of corridors, which he knew from years of experience like the back of his hand. Well, every now and then he had put markings on, but only in very confusing places.
After a while - the sun had now sunk below the horizon - he came to a narrow spiral staircase made of stone, which rose steeply in a musty alcove. He cautiously loaded his weight on the steps, because they looked so fragile and old that the next breeze could break them down. It crunched softly with every step, but it withstood the strain.
At the top, a manhole cover closed the exit to the upper world. It was very old and rusted everywhere. Fine shavings of rust loosened and fell into his hair as he gently pushed it open so as not to make a sound. Who knew what was there now? At the time it was an unused cellar, but was it still like that today? He peeked over the edge, looking out into the middle of a busy street. Where was the house there ?! Fortunately for him, the gully was located at the mouth of a dimly lit alley. Hardly anyone would see him.
He patiently watched a moment when only a few people were on the move, slipped out and replaced the rusty lid in its usual place. He immediately melted into the darkness in the alley. What now? Suddenly there was the sound of an engine coming quickly behind him. What's going on now ..., he thought and just managed to jump out of the way when an automobile came shooting out of the alley behind him. He was trembling with terror and pressed closer to the wall next to him. The driver made a loud scolding tirade but continued unimpressed.
Azazel did not recover so easily from the near-accident. He crept nervously through the dark, always on a howling motor composed. A collision could not kill him, but the injuries would not be pleasant. An icy wind rose and light drizzle set in.
He carefully lifted Madam from his shoulders and put the plaster on her. Her eyes examined the new surroundings curiously. The incident seemed to leave her completely cold. She was just more used to cars than he was, he told himself as they walked down the street together, she was also much younger.
After wandering aimlessly for a while, he came to a wide alley that was completely lined with huge, incredibly tall houses. Azazel looked up in astonishment. He had never seen houses like this. How did they do that they didn't collapse? There had to be a pretty strong wind up there.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a group of young men approaching him, but it was too late to flee, they had already seen him and were making a noise towards him. Damn. He lowered his eyes and took a few steps back. He had no time for trouble. He also wanted to remain undetected. It had always been difficult enough for him, his albino-like appearance always stood out, no matter where he was.
And people reacted very strongly to his indifferent appearance, because he confused their usual perspectives - either male or female, but never both at the same time. And if people disliked something, it would be confused. He turned away from the apparently drunk boys.
"Ey, what's going on? Get lost? ”, A small skinny man called to him. They surrounded him and Azazel bumped his back against a house wall. Under no circumstances were they allowed to see his wings.
"No. I already know where I am. Thank you, ”Azazel replied in plain French, but did not look the speaker in the eye.
"What are you ... or one ?!" When Azazel didn't respond, a big man came up to him.
"Ey, answer! Or are you may be a fool? ”Azazel didn't quite understand what a fool should be, so he left the comment uncommented and said:
"Could you please let me through? I still have a long way to go. ”Madam mewed in fear and Azazel looked her in the eyes comfortingly. With his mind he said to her:
Everything will be fine, just don't worry.
"What was that?" Asked someone with shoulder-length hair and looked around in confusion. Damn it, there was a receptive person there.
"What is it?" Asked another. Now Azazel thought the time was right for the escape, but another, previously unknown pair of eyes eyed him.
Suddenly an age-old hatred rose in him. He was too old for that shit. He had just escaped a fate that was so much worse than anything these guys could imagine. What right did these children have to stop him? He could no longer control himself, he no longer wanted to control himself. It was his world, not that of humans. When did you finally understand that ???
Something in the deeper layers of his soul shattered into a thousand pieces. There was only burning hatred. He looked coldly at the young guys around him and his inside was covered with ice. There were five of them, but they were neither armed nor experienced in combat. They were also drunk. That would happen quickly.
Azazel caught the drought's eye and smiled, revealing his razor-sharp teeth. They gleamed menacingly in the soft moonlight. The drought winced in gloomy foreboding and burst out:
"Man, what the hell ... ?!", but he couldn't finish his cry, the Azazel kicked him in the chest with full force. He felt bones break under his bare foot.
The human being was thrown a good way through the air and came crashing on the opposite Wall and hit the floor with a muffled sound. The others were paralyzed and stared at their injured comrade huge eyes. And Azazel used this mercilessly. He slapped his head on the forehead to his left, causing the young man to collapse unconscious. A thin blood clot ran from his nose down his cheek and dripped onto the asphalt of the street. A fine smell of blood spread. Azazel felt the hunger flare up again, but he was completely under control.
With the swing of his head he made a half turn and kicked the soft tissue of the person to his right, which he acknowledged with a loud howl and collapsed. Now the two remaining relieved themselves of their rigidity and went swinging at him with a fist. Azazel dodged a badly targeted blow to his head elegantly and knocked the attacker's half-long hair on the chin from below. There was an audible crunch and the human screeched in horror:
"You dirty pig! You broke the pebble for me! ”But Azazel simply ignored the staggering figure and bent backwards, thwarting a slap in the face by the last standing man.
Azazel kicked his knee from behind and hurled him on the back. He just made a loud “AHHHH” and lay sobbing while clutching his lower leg, which was protruding at a strange angle. Then Azazel felt a presence behind her and whirled around. He caught the blow of the young man he had broken his jaw in the air with one hand and gripped the wrist tightly. The attacker tried to evade him, but to no avail.
For a moment the two fighters just faced each other and looked into each other's eyes. The gasping breath of the young man alone and some of the whimpering of his comrades filled the stillness of the night that had enveloped her like a bubble. All other noises had stopped, even the incessant wind had fled.
There was nothing but anger in the eyes of the human boy, but in Azazel’s slight amusement with scarcely concealed contempt. Did this person really think he could take on him? But suddenly the exhilaration of an icy cold gave way, which immediately made people understand what an ancient being he had in front of him. The view was filled with experiences from centuries and millennia; the being in front of him had had the greatest joys, but also the deepest abysses, and could kill him with an ease that bordered on the absurd.
But Azazel just smiled at him - it was a delightful smile at the cruelty he was about to commit, but it didn't completely hide the sadness at what had become of him - and cracked the boy's wrist with a loud crack. The human sank to his knees, his mouth opened in a silent scream, and stared at the ruined hand in bewilderment before his eyes went back to Azazel. He watched him with scientific interest, as if humans were nothing more than a test animal.
Azazel was hungry now. He turned away and went to the young man he had thrown against the wall. He breathed in and out panting, but was passed out. His entire body was totally bent and destroyed. Bones protruded steeply from his chest. It was so beautiful to look at. It would be a miracle if he survived the night.
Azazel knelt on the floor and put his hands almost tenderly around the dying man's head and turned his head to the side so that his neck was open in front of him. Greedily he bit into the tender flesh in front of him and pulled the deliciously tingling blood into himself. The young man groaned slightly, but passed out. A few moments later, he exhaled for the last time and died.
Azazel laid him down gently and stood swaying. Somehow it was wrong anyway. Everything here was wrong. What was he doing here The air suddenly seemed too heavy for him to breathe and he just wanted to get away. But before that he looked around for Madam. She was sitting in a corner, watching it carefully Happening. Somehow, Azazel's eyes looked reproachful and he made a side hidden deep within him swing. But he hadn't had a choice ... had he?
He took a step towards her. But the cat scurried like a shadow into a dark driveway. She stopped again and gave Azazel a long look as if she was wrestling with herself. But then she finally turned and disappeared into the darkness. The night suddenly felt terribly ugly and cold. Irritated by the unusual feelings, he absently licked his mouth to catch every drop of the red juice of life. Sad about the loss of his only girlfriend, Azazel slowly walked down the street.
"Why?" Came it quietly from behind and Azazel stayed together len stand.
He looked over his shoulder at the broken wrist that was now kneeling next to his dead friend.
"Why did you kill him?" Asked the young man tonelessly, looking at Azazel with grief.
"It would have been cruel to leave in hours of death rings. Would you have preferred that? ”Azazel replied without any emotion in his voice. Before feelings of guilt (why feelings of guilt ?!) could overwhelm him, he ran down the street and when he was sure he was out of sight of the human boy, he started to run.
Somewhere in Paris, April 7th, 11:59 p.m.
His muscles stretched and contracted comfortably as he climbed up the facade of the old house. Azazel focused only on the climb, his mind fixed on the next grip. He didn't want to think about anything else.
Then he should have admitted to himself that he was afraid and that for the first time in a long time he didn't know what to do next, should go. That he had no plan in hand. He should have admitted that nothing was the way it used to be and never would be again. He should have admitted that he was somehow tired of killing, although he had every reason for revenge. And he should have admitted to himself that something had changed him, but he didn't know what was different now and that made him tremble inside.
But since he was concentrating on climbing, he pushed all these unpleasant thoughts into a corner of his mind, where he could not hear them, but they still fermented in him. His hand clasped the roof gable and he pulled himself up in a jerk. He crouched on the edge and looked over the familiar, new Paris.
Not too far away, the Eiffel Tower rose from a sea of ​​roofs. And there, there was Notre-Dame. And ... But somehow everything was different, he felt different. Was it because of his long “absence”? Paris had evolved, but he hadn't. Or is it? His gaze swept over new buildings next to the old familiar, new districts and streets where previously there was only wasteland and mud. But was that all?
Azazel cocked his head and listened to the night with his eyes closed. The cool wind brought scraps of conversation and laughter to him, the sound of cars driving and the croak of a single crow nearby. Somewhere there was a clatter in the dark. It was almost as usual, even if a good hundred and fifty years had passed. Somehow the thought made him feel melancholy. What if basically nothing had changed in the human world over the hundreds of years? They always invented things to make life more pleasant, but had something really changed in their minds? Had nothing happened there?
Basically, Azazel thought as he watched the crow draw its circles, they were and always will be the same. They had no choice and it wasn't hers this time Fault. They just died too early to develop profoundly. They were born, grew up, gave birth to offspring and died. In this short period of time, everything revolved around what they loved and chose for the meaning of their life. Whether it was their offspring, money, fame or a religion, it ultimately made little difference. Few he had known had ever looked outside the box, and quite a few had deeply disturbed what they had seen and shaken their innermost views.
The crow made a last circle over Azazel's head and eyed it from her unfathomable eyes. He wished he could sail away so easily, but he had noticed many bizarre things in the night sky that looked very far away from birds. However, they appeared to him too big for birds and they did not move their wings. They were also too loud. Maybe they were created by humans? They reminded him of the glider pilots that people had tried to do with birds before. It hadn't worked as he thought he remembered, only short distances were possible. And all this with favorable wind conditions, otherwise they fall down very quickly like this Berblinger.
Well, if the Mal could have seen Leonardo, Azazel thought with a smile, he would have broken into a storm of enthusiasm. He had been very enthusiastic anyway, but had barely finished. This had proven to be somewhat unfavorable, especially when researching anatomy, because corpses were reluctant to wait for them to decay.
"Oh yes ..." Azazel murmured with a smile. Leonardo was already a chapter in itself en.
But now he had to go on, get new clothes. He got up and went to the edge of the roof. He looked around attentively. In front of him a street opened in two alleys that ran parallel to each other. The house that surrounded them had an unusually smooth facade. Azazel thought she was made of glass or had to be metal. A street further back crossed the two alleys, where many people were walking. Hm. Maybe he should try to get information there first?
He quickly climbed down the side of the house that was most in the shade and dropped the last three meters. He came up skillfully and peeked carefully around the corner. A close-knit couple came towards him not too far away. He quickly retreated to the darkness of his hiding place - two garbage cans whose luckily he could not smell the stench.
"... and then she said that Alice has something going on with Pierre. But actually she's with Robert, ”the young woman just told her visibly bored friend, who was just one:
"Oh yes?", Interjected what she didn't notice but continued to talk about:
"And she has to know, because she is still keen on Pierre. Maybe she's just doing it to get to him? She was always such an intriguing one… "
Then the two were over and the steady babbling of the conversation (if you could call it that, it was actually more of a monologue) was lost in the night. Azazel just rolled her eyes. Women. And this was still hollow.
He looked carefully around the corner again. There was no one to be seen. He quickly scurried into the next cross alley. He made sure he got ahead. The closer he got to the busy street, the less the shadows became and more and more lanterns spread their light. Azazel grimaced as if he had bitten something. Did they have to make it harder for him than it already was? In the last cross street he ran parallel to the big one, until he reached a somewhat darker corner just before it. The main road turned right in front of him and a few people used it to stroll. Well, all he had to do now was wait.
As what did he actually want to go? Man or woman? Hm. Women were less likely to have done something - at least in the past it was like this. But they did always so impractical clothes. Not to mention a corset that he needed to look more feminine. For the time being, men's clothing was needed. His eyes narrowed with concentration, he watched every man who passed him. They passed him barely a meter away, but did not take him into his rather temporary hiding place: under a staircase, which fortunately consisted of metal grids.
Happiness seemed to have left him today because for a long time he only saw fatter ones or those that were taller than him. The later it got, the fewer people were on the road. Shortly before he thought happiness would have left him completely and he wanted to return to his old hiding place, a younger man with a full beard came into view. He was wearing plain trousers (we would call them jeans, but Azazel didn't know that name at the time) and a plain shirt. He wore a slim-fit jacket over it. Perfect, Azazel thought and tensed to attack.
The man strolled unsuspectingly past Azazel's hiding place. As if out of nowhere, Azazel appeared behind him, pressed his hand to his mouth to prevent the human from screaming, and struck him firmly on the temple with the edge of his hand. The man rolled his eyes and went limp. Azazel caught him before he could hit the floor and break and contaminate his clothes. He quickly dragged him behind the metal stairs and looked around. Nobody had noticed. But the next passer-by appeared in the distance. He had to hurry.
He leaned down to the unconscious and took off his jacket. Then the shirt and pants were on. He left his underpants where they were, it would have been disgusting to wear them. He carefully folded the things and tucked them under his arm. He briefly bent down to the man. Yes, he was still breathing and was beginning to wake up moaning. Hurry up now.
Azazel ran down the alley and disappeared into the dark.
Somewhere in Paris, April 8th, 4:31 a.m.
The clothes fit like a glove. Fascinated, Azazel kept stroking the fabric of the jacket, which felt so oddly cool but also velvety soft. Now he looked as normal as he could. He strolled thoughtfully through the park in front of him. No one else was here at this time of the day. What should he do next? Shouldn't he rather move on? Staying there was extremely dangerous.
Deep down, he knew that he had to leave Paris and that he needed distance from the people. But somehow it seemed wrong to flee now. Then they would have won. And that was the last thing Azazel granted people. With a sigh, he sat on the next best bench and looked up at the night sky. What did stars look like? People used it so often as a symbol and sought to reach it. Would they be able to one day? It was almost possible for his people, but then fate had come to them. They had brought themselves down.
A cold shiver went through Azazel. He didn't want to think about that now. It was a long time ago, but the memories still frightened him. Unconsciously he clenched his hands into fists. His sharp fingernails bored into his sensitive palms and black blood oozed out. He watched the healing process absently. Since his escape, the feeling in his chest grew more and more that what had happened then was somehow connected to the present in this world. It gnawed at him, but he couldn't tell what the connection was. But it was important, he knew that.
He rubbed his hands wearily over his face. It didn't matter now. What mattered was what he did next. He decided and got up. He strolled slowly through the park and the moonlight made his white hair glow.
 

Chapter 5
Somewhere in Iceland, December 30th, 4:03 p.m.
Azazel cautiously crawled to the edge of the hilltop so as not to startle the horse he was chasing. It had moved away from the others and would be its prey. Breathing silently, he watched every movement of the animal. They weren't particularly difficult to catch, but carelessness hadn't cost him his meal until last night. But it was like that in the life he was living now.
The horse's ears twitched slightly and it looked up attentively. Azazel did not dare to breathe. Now it couldn't fail. After what felt like an eternity, it once again paid attention to the rough grass and nibbled devotedly on a dense tuft. That was the moment he had been waiting for several hours. In a flash he arched out of his companion and pulled the tendon through so that an arrow appeared. He breathed in and out slowly and aimed precisely. At that moment the wind turned and carried its smell to the horse. This raised his head and tensed the muscles to escape when he sensed his hunter. But he stayed calm and let go of the arrow. He started and did not hit the animal exactly in the heart as planned, but the wind drove him a bit and he only pierced the lungs.
The horse screamed in pain of death and stormed off heedlessly. After a few meters it began to sway and finally collapsed, gasping for air. He immediately jumped up and stormed to his prey. He knelt next to the dying animal and put a hand on the horse's strong neck. He felt the blood rustle in his veins under his hands. Somehow he managed to look dignified when he released the animal from his suffering and broke his neck. Hungry, he bit into the carotid artery and warm blood flooded his mouth. He had always had the taste of horse blood found interesting. It was of a very different quality than that of humans, especially that of wild animals.
He soon felt full, but the blood source had not yet dried up. It was just too much for him. But he had made provisions. He covered the wound with his right hand so that not a single drop was wasted and reached for the bottle on his back with the other. He had knotted it with a rope so that he could carry it on his back. He had to fumble a bit, but eventually got up and caught as much blood as the bottle could hold.
He stood up strengthened and put his supplies back on. He was sorry to leave so much unused meat here, but he just couldn't take any meat, he got very painful stomach cramps and diarrhea from it. He was just a blood eater. Or didn't blood drinkers fit much better? At home he had eaten solid food like everyone else, but here on earth he found what his body only wanted in the blood of Mammals. He had wondered from the beginning what it could be, but since he was not a scientist, this question had to be left unanswered. Ultimately, it didn't matter, as long as he had a source of food.
With a couple of powerful wing beats, he made his way back to his home. The life he now lived was very similar to that which he had started on Earth a long, long time ago and now continues so many years later.
He made a gentle right turn to avoid an air hole in front of him. Rugged mountains appeared in the distance - his current home. Here was the most sparsely populated region of Iceland. The perfect hiding place for him. Hardly anything survived here that could not fly or at least climb very well. In addition, there were so many shady corners and valleys here where disgusting sunlight never came. The icy cold didn't bother him - he was always at ambient temperature anyway.
It flew quite a while before landing with a small rumble on a narrow ledge from which you could see almost the entire mountain range. Here was his Favorite place. He looked thoughtfully into the distance as his hand stroked the rough rock next to him. A strange feeling of longing and grief for something valuable that was lost flooded him. It was so long ago that he had lived like now, so many centuries had passed ...
Still strangely sad, Azazel emerged from his memories. It was almost always night up in the north and he could do a lot, but he felt unusually tired. With a sigh he got up and swung himself into the air again. A fresh wind had come up and he had to make an effort to get against him. His long braided braid lashed in the wind.
At last his cave appeared before him. An unpredictable cross wind made him spin and he had to concentrate very hard not to be thrown against the steep cliffs. Broken bones were now the last thing he could use, even if they would heal quickly. With a hard jerk he got hold of the rock opening of his cave and pulled himself into it. Gasping loudly, he stayed there until he had enough strength. Such a flight against the wind was one of the most exhausting was he knew. He slipped a little on his knees and was then able to sit up straight.
It was pleasantly cool in the cave and - very importantly - always dark. The low entrance prevented light and heat from entering, but unfortunately it was always damp due to the lack of air circulation. To the right of Azazel was a flat surface that served as his bed. During his stay here he had padded them with the skins of captured animals. The smell didn't bother him - he didn't notice any anyway. He had never noticed any before. He left his lost property on the left.
Although he lived here in a very remote place - there was almost never a person straying near him - but there were small villages and towns some distance away. Azazel had observed them for several days not long ago: they basically lived as before in family groups or as a couple. Rarely alone, although it seemed to him that it had become more. they went work and raised children, as always. But still everything was different. The houses looked different, the clothes, the hairstyles and above all the behavior was different. He couldn't speak Icelandic, but he still noticed how much looser everything had gotten. Men and women publicly expressed their affection (which initially irritated him and admittedly still did) and it wasn't all as stiff and orderly as it was before he was away.
He had seen a lot of tourists in Reykjavik, the largest city on the island, and heard many languages ​​from Spanish, French, German and even Japanese. They had often spoken to each other in English, so he suspected that it was something of an official world language at the moment. And the funny thing was: everyone was so familiar with each other as if the whole world knew and understood each other. In the past, intercultural relationships were the exception rather than the rule. But how could that be? How should people from one end of the world have such close contact with one at the other? Had this “phone” revolutionized communication? What was possible now that he thought was unthinkable?
Again he cursed his long absence from world events. He had always been on the ball, knew the latest machines and inventions, had a say in politics. But now? Now he felt like a sheep among wolves. How should he catch up with this extreme evolution of human culture? Was that even possible? And V or anything: would it be worth it? Azazel didn't know.
He lay down on his bed and his tired thoughts slipped back to a time when the world was still in order. A time when he had been the wolf and the people the stupid sheep. The way it should be.
Somewhere in Iceland, January 4th, 1:45 p.m.
He didn't know what had woken him up, but he immediately felt the tension in the air. He jumped awake and carefully peered out of his cave, careful not to expose himself to sunlight in any way. But he only felt it diffusely through the apparently thick cloud cover. Good luck for him. His blood-red eyes wandered across the landscape in front of him. Everything looked exactly like yesterday, the day before yesterday and all the days before. But then he noticed what had woken him: it was dead silent. There was no sound except for the constantly blowing wind. Azazel felt a queasy feeling in the stomach. If he had learned something, then such a silence never bode well. With his forehead furrowed, he continues to search the landscape.
He saw the machine from afar, but he only heard it when it was very close. It had to be incredibly quiet, how was that possible? It hovered in the air (which he had considered impossible in and of itself) and came relentlessly closer. His stomach cramped. That was not good. What were man-made things doing here? Or even worse: were there people on board?
The airship stopped not too far from its hiding place. It hovered perpendicular to the valley floor and barely touched down. Azazel forced himself to take a closer look at the thing. The basic shape resembled a triangle rounded at all corners. It was covered on the outside with a smooth material that stretched seamlessly over the entire surface. He couldn't see any welds or any traces of machining anywhere. But he was also too far away, but did not intend to change that.
A ramp came out of one side of the machine and as soon as it was down, some people poured out. They spread around the thing at regular intervals and seemed to have the job of securing and guarding it. But what from? In front of him? How would you know about him? Did you want to stay here longer? Azazel narrowed his eyes suspiciously and waited for what happened next. But nothing happened.

Somewhere in Iceland, January 4th, 6:18 p.m.
A loud hiss made Azazel wake from sleep. Damn, he was dozing! He had decided to stay awake and keep an eye on the strangers. How long had he been away? Definitely too long. He blinked a few times to chase the weariness out of his head and crawled grumpily to the cave entrance. He looked out tensely. Was the danger averted? At that very moment, something big and dark rushed through his field of vision, causing Azazel to tip over in terror. His butt painfully got to know the hard cave floor.
"What was that ?!", he murmured softly as he rubbed his buttocks back to the edge of the rock.
This time more carefully, he peered out of his home. The thing was still in place, just as he remembered it. Several people also guarded it. He was about to turn away when something black over the aircraft caught his eye.
He looked curiously. It seemed to be floating in the air like the machine, but the shape reminded him of something else. It was roughly shaped like a human, but wings were attached to the arms. He cocked his head thoughtfully. Suddenly he felt it: it strongly reminded him of old depictions of the Egyptian goddess Isis. But how on earth had they managed to attach wings to human bodies? What kind of creature was that?
Still stunned, he watched the human-bird thing lean to the side and move away from the flying machine. It flipped its wing lightly, but that couldn't possibly be enough to achieve such a speed and trajectory. So it had to have another drive, because Azazel had to hit its wings hard when it flew. But how was that possible?
It described a large arch in the air and glided across the rocky landscape. It almost seemed to him that he was looking for something. He felt queasy. Hopefully not him? How should you know? He had done everything in his power to stay inconspicuous and draw attention away from him. Did he fail?
He gnawed his lip restlessly while his eyes rested on the giant flying machine in front of him. No, he wouldn't allow him to be captured again. It couldn't happen. Nothing had ever been important to him, just his freedom Ness. The freedom to go wherever he wanted, the freedom to do what he just thought, the freedom to be himself without fear of being abused.
His heart was racing (by his standards) and he clenched his teeth hard to control his feelings. His hands clawed into the rock and this gave way crumbling in some places. But he barely noticed Azazel, he was too busy with himself. The last thing he needed was a panic attack.
Shivering, he turned away from the entrance to the cave and pressed his back against the cool rock. He had to calm down. Apparently the captivity had hurt him more than he wanted to admit. He breathed in and out deeply, forcing his feelings under his control. Not only physical damage was left behind from such borderline experiences, also emotional ones. He should have known - no should have. He had seen it often enough for men to come home and to be completely intact. Only her eyes were different, her eyes ghostly empty and far away from here and now.
His eyes wandered aimlessly and he felt everything was happening in slow motion. He had to pull himself together. Now. Right away. He breathed in and out nervously, in and out, in and out. It could be that they weren't looking for him at all, but were after something completely different. It would clear everything up, he just had to be on the dark of the night, on his time, and he calmed down. But the stubborn voice in the back of his head, whispering that everything wasn't going to be all that good at all, just didn't want to fall silent.
Somewhere in Iceland, January 16, 12:55 a.m.
Hunger held mercilessly in his claws. There was hardly anything else that dominated his thinking, only the primitive survival instinct. So far, he had been able to hold the animal in check, soothe it and put it off at a later date, because it was absolutely not allowed to act without consideration and to be seen by humans. Her flying machine was still in place and hadn't even moved all the time. Security guards patrolled day and night with huge weapons, so that Azazel hadn't even been tempted to take a closer look. The Vogel people didn't seem to get tired either. They crossed the air at all times of the day and night. He was literally trapped in his cave.
But now he couldn't. He had to eat something. The last remnants of reason made him wait until the hourly patrol had flown by. Shivering from weakness, he crawled very close to the edge of his house. A feeling of final goodbye briefly rose in him. But then the connection between his mind and his body broke and they were separated. Now it was finally too late to turn back.
Steered by the urge to eat, he jumped off and dropped. The coolness of the fall wind kept surprising him. The rock walls grew higher and higher around him. Azazel's body, encapsulated in the body, closed the (imaginary) eyes and enjoyed the deeply free feeling of falling. At the last possible moment, his body opened its wings and braked hard. He reached the bottom of the gorge gently and silently. He took care of his surroundings and also felt out whether there was a larger mammal in there its proximity. But he found nothing useful, everything around him was far too small.
A frustrated growl escaped the throat of his body and a tremor ran over him. Slowly his body turned his head and stared without blinking up at the guards and the flying machine. Azazel's mind paled. It was an extremely bad idea, with one of the worst he'd ever had. With all his strength Azazel tugged at his body and tried desperately to get back into him to save what could still be saved. But it was in vain. He was horrified to watch his body skillfully run along the gorge in the shadow of the rock face.
He followed him helplessly on his invisible leash, which chained him to this useless something. He ran into his own ruin, he sensed that. Soon he could feel people's heartbeats. They sounded so auspicious that the movements of his body were getting impatient and shaky. Groaning softly, he struggled up the rock face again. Soon he was only a few meters away from his goal. He pulled himself up silently and peeked carefully over the edge.
The sheer size of the flying machine only became apparent at close range. It was certainly more than two hundred meters long and was sometimes very wide. The outer skin was extremely smooth and rarely broken through by gate slits. The but only Azazel's encapsulated spirit caught on, because the attention of his body was entirely on the soldiers. They stood within sight and hearing of each other and made an attentive impression. It would not be easy to kill prey here. And there were also the big, heavy weapons in their hands.
With narrowed eyes, they both watched them for a while, but they were far too far away to see more. Relieved, Azazel watched his body dive back behind the edge of the rock. But in the next moment his body shattered all hopes of a light outcome by starting to move along the edge of the rock. Heart pounding, he watched him go slowly moved behind the airship. What was he doing? The machine was very close to the edge of the rock, there were no guards here ?! So what did he want here? Confused and very worried, Azazel continued to watch what was happening.
His body pressed silently over the edge and merged with the shadow of the flying machine. Without making any noise, he crept through the deep darkness until he was as close as possible to the guards. What now? You would see him! Panicked, Azazel pulled at his body and tried to force him to turn back. But to no avail. He didn't even show a reaction, but instead concentrated and felt out into the night. His special sense bumped into a helmless pile of rubble at the far end of the rock platform, which was hidden from the blackness of the night by human eyes. And he hit him with full force.
Infinitely loud in the silence of the night, the stones rumbled down the rocky wall and people responded immediately. A tall, beefy - probably something like their leader - meant two soldiers and a petite soldier to stay. The rest of them followed him into the dark. Ah. So that was the plan. His body didn't bother with any frills at first, but shot out of his hiding place and smashed the larynx of the first of the soldiers with a targeted blow with the edge of his hand. The man collapsed and held his throat with a wheeze. But the other two reacted faster than their comrade.
The woman pulled her gun at lightning speed, but was unable to fire it because Azazel tore it from her hands with his gift and hurled it far away. A look of sheer horror swept across her face as Azazel's body easily snatched the weapon from her remaining comrade (where did they get their training from? Azazel's mind shook his head.) And knocked him hard with his head. struck. Almost too quickly for the human woman's eyes, he turned to her and gripped her by the neck with one hand. She was fidgeting in his hand and tried to kick him, but he didn't give up, but pulled her close to him. She bit his hand but he barely noticed. All that mattered to him at the moment was the red juice of life that flowed under her thin skin.
Hungry, he bit her in the neck just above his hand. She shrieked, but the hand on her throat prevented any sound from coming out. Hot and full-bodied and as sweet as honey, it poured into his mouth and a relieved moan came from his lips. But all too soon the stream of delicious water dried up. And he just dropped the half-dead woman. Slowly his senses cleared again and his mind had control over his body again.
A dozen rifle barrels were aimed at him. Damn it. What now? What had his body ridden him into? The crowd split up and an athletic woman with a chin-length bob stalked toward him. What was that supposed to be now? He felt a drop of blood run from his full lips and leave a streak on his face. She stopped about two men away from him and eyed him in silence. Somehow she managed to make him feel like a lamb on the slaughter bench. But he didn't show anything, but looked at her with an impenetrable face.
The woman's gaze moved to the dead man at his feet and her two unconscious comrades. She raised an eyebrow with interest and just looked at Azazel. What did she want? What came next She turned suddenly.
"Arrest," she said militarily to the leader of the guards. He just nodded and she disappeared between the soldiers. Several weapons clicked when they were focused.
No. No! It pounded in his head to the rhythm of his heartbeat. He wouldn't allow that, he couldn't allow it. Never again. Azazel lowered his eyelids and looked towards the sky. Perfect calm and clarity flowed over him like a wave over the sand on the beach. Something dark, deep within him, crawled out of his hiding place and washed under his mind. Every feeling gave way from his body and all he could still feel was an ancient cold that was slowly spreading over his innermost being. Then there was only bright white.
His body felt a bullet shoot at him. With a smooth movement of his right hand, he distracted her. There was a loud scream on the right behind him. Met. Azazel bowed his head, opened his eyes, looked at the leader - his eyes glowed like frozen blood. With lightning speed he formed throwing knives out of HIM and struck the first three soldiers into the throat or head with targeted throws. He whirled gracefully its own axis and, besides, distracted the balls that were flying towards it. It all looked so incredibly light and elegant, Azazel looked more like a dancer than a cold-blooded murderer he was.
An infinitely sharp sword emerged in his hand and he divided the man next to him, so that two parts of him hit the ground with a disgusting splash. But he didn't hear it. Immediately he turned to the right and slit the belly of a soldier who ran towards him with her weapon in her hands. Iridescent purple guts spilled onto the floor and she cried out in agony. But Azazel paid no attention to them at all, but thrust his sword in the mouth in front of him in the mouth open to the attack cry. Total calm pervaded him and he smiled peacefully.
The weapon slid through the skull and brain like butter and came out on the other side. With a sharp jerk to the left, Azazel pulled his sword out of the human being and even before this body had fallen to the ground, he had already killed the next by simply smashing his temple with a targeted blow. With a sharp head movement he steered with his gift the bullet that came flying towards him. Little by little, he thinned the band of soldiers. The last threw away their weapons because they realized they were pointless. He killed them quickly and without unnecessary pain. Without looking back, he strode across the blood-soaked floor until he stood on the edge of the rock. With he dropped his outstretched arms. If he had looked back, he would have seen the woman with the bob, standing between the corpses, eyes wide with horror, aiming at him with a trembling pistol, but still unable to shoot. He would have seen the fanatical sparkle in those eyes as he flew over the rocky barren landscape with gentle wing beats away from the people as he thought. He would have been warned.
Somewhere in the Swiss Alps, March 31, 2:46 a.m.
His muscles stretched and contracted to the rhythm of his wing beats. He gently made a curve and got a warm updraft, which rose towards the sky higher and higher. The steep snow-capped mountain tops slowly receded and a view of ancient beauty opened up in front of him. Rugged mountain tops as far as the eye can see, pierced by dense coniferous forests and lovely meadows. A mighty waterfall fell beneath him, deafening thunder.
A subtle smile crossed Azazel's face. He was happy for the first time in many years. Wasn't it strange how little could make you happy? Others needed money, power, or sex. Being alone made him happy. Only he and the wilderness. As once. No people. No destruction. No misfortune. He didn't have to pretend to be one of them, he could be himself.
But why didn't he get rid of the feeling that this happiness would not last? That everything would be destroyed? Damn, could that annoying inner voice not be silent even once and let him enjoy the beauty of the moment? He became like people. Azazel grimaced unconsciously, as if he had bitten something sour. What a disgusting idea.
At that moment he felt something flying from the left, something big. But before he could react in any way came across this something in the side violently and he started tumbling into the depth. The pain was unbelievable, his entire body seemed to melt in an invisible fire. Close to the border of unconsciousness, Azazel felt his entire body on fire. Pure pain continued to flow like circles through his body like acid. What was that ?!
Groaning, he tried to regain control of his body to at least slow down the inevitable impact on Earth. Where was his body His arm had just been there? He looked around, irritated. Yes, it was still in place, exactly where it should be. Then why couldn't he reach him? Fog covered his field of vision and everything seemed to slow down and darken. What…? , he thought, but could hardly finish the thought. It was packed like a thousand layers of cotton wool. No, he had to ... he had to ... he ... what? ... what did he have to do? ...
In his almost complete contempt, he only noticed on the edge that something was approaching him again and was just saving him from the impact. How so…? What was…? Under the half-closed eyelids, he watched what was happening. Something metallic came into view. It was so smooth, so angular, and impossible of natural origin. But what ... was ... it ... then? He struggled consciously to stay.
“Object taken into custody. I'm coming to them now, ”a voice penetrated softly by static noise to his ear.
So was he now an "object" again? But where to ...? But the thought slipped from his fingers as soon as he had even reached the surface of his mind. No. He. Had to. Stay there.
He gritted his teeth firmly and gripped his dissolving consciousness. Slowly, slowly the fog cleared around his head. His heart was pounding hard in his chest. A steady rhythm of a buzzing motor accompanied the cool wind gently across his face. He flew? But not himself or? He would have noticed that, he answered sarcastically.
What was wrong with him? Where did you take him? Definitely to the people. Of course to the people who have been chasing him since his escape. It was so clear. Why couldn't they just let it go? Now he had to kill which of theirs again. But what a pity, really, he sneered internally, but a crushing pain on his side quickly brought him back to reality. There was no time for jokes now.
He struggled to open his eyes, but his eyelids refused to obey him. Then it's not possible. He immediately turned his mind around - and lo and behold, he was lucky. At least something that still worked on him.
Azazel was placed very roughly on the stony ground. Damn shit that hurt. He grudgedly concentrated on his immediate surroundings. Right in front of him he saw three pairs of legs, beyond which a huge smooth surface rose. Which seemed very familiar to him? Damn. The flying machine. How did you find him ?! Well, he didn't even know exactly how he escaped. The only thing Azazel knew with certainty was that he had slipped. And that was not a good thing.
Because who knew what he was capable of in this state? He definitely doesn't. And there was never anyone left to answer his questions. Apparently it was different this time and someone knew the horror that lived under his skin. It would certainly be interesting and very educational to talk to someone about it, but his freedom was worth more to him than any knowledge ... Or?
Silence fell over the scene. Quietly the wind carried the constant roar of the waterfall to his ear. It was almost as if he could feel the fine water droplets on his cheek. But the only thing he sure felt was them throbbing pains people inflicted on him with the thing they caught him with. And what now?
"What now, madam?" Asked a harsh woman's voice into the silence.
No answer followed, but someone approached him with determined steps. But it wasn't a man's step. No, it was women's steps. Was it…? No, definitely not ... she? Soft breaths sounded close to him and a presence approached his face. But. It was her. He groaned inwardly at his own stupidity. How could he not have recognized her last time? The woman who tried to catch him from the start? The one from France ?!
"So you see yourself again," she whispered to him so quietly that only
Azazel could perceive it. What was that? He was the one who played, not her! But times seemed to change.
He was very tempted to grind his teeth, but he forced himself to control himself. She thought he was defenseless. It would be her mistake. The woman turned her head away from him to the other two. Now he had to try. The longer they held him, the less likely they were to escape. Slowly he felt back in his limbs, only this annoying tingling like a thousand ants just didn't want to go away.
"Bring it into the room. I'll take care of the rest. And as I said - be careful, we know less about it than we thought we knew, ”the woman ordered her subordinates and stumbling steps away. Not correct. They didn't know anything about him. Not a thing.
There were only three of them now. Why weren't there guards? Did you think he was passed out? I thought wrong. A younger man approached him. Damn he had to get out of here. His pulse soared and all of his muscles tightened, ready to run. Man almost touched him. Now!
With a single smooth movement he jumped up and grabbed the human by the throat. Only a startled sound came over whose lips and before anyone could react, he hurled him through the air in a high arc. His mouth formed a perfect little O as he crashed against the metal skin of the flying machine. The sound of breaking bones reached Azazel's ear, sweet as music.
But he didn't bother but hurled a knife into (or rather by hand) the last standing man - a somewhat more corpulent woman - who was about to move into her pocket. Suddenly Azazel understood: somehow people had managed to develop small portable devices with which they could stay in contact even over long distances. He had to prevent that.
The woman let out a high, girlish cry and stared at her hand, dripping with blood. He was already shaping the next dagger for the fatal shot when he got a much better idea. He was with her in a flash and grabbed her hard by the throat. Fidgeting, she tried to escape his iron grip, but he held on to her relentlessly.
"Come on," he said coldly, dragging her after him.
"NO! Let her go! ”Croaked a young male voice after him. But he didn't even turn, but slapped the woman's hand on the temple. She immediately slumped unconscious in his arms. It was heavy, he thought through gritted teeth, as he swung himself into the air with his prey. Why had he just had to take her with him and not the skinny boy? Now it was too late, he had to escape first. Turmoil arose behind him and he hurried to get away.
Somewhere in the Swiss Alps, March 31, 6:04 a.m.
Azazel studied the face of the woman he had kidnapped with light wrinkles. Wrinkles somehow fascinated him. The character of a person could be so easily assessed on them, because long-term unconscious facial expressions irrevocably shaped the facial features. To a certain extent, could you can’t hide them anymore. There were so many different types and shapes. He would never get any. Somehow he would be curious about what he would have had for which. Crow's feet with lots of smiles? He made a slight face, probably not. Frown lines? More likely.
He rubbed his eyes wearily. When did she finally wake up? He had important things to talk to her about. He got up angrily and came close to the human woman. Hard, but careful not to break anything (at least not for the time being), he kicked her in the stomach. A dull moan answered him and she turned on her back.
"What ...?" She said, finally opening her eyes. Her gaze wandered briefly disoriented over the stone ceiling of Azazel's cave.
"Where ...?" She babbled on.
Azazel briefly considered kicking her again, but decided against it. She would get pain early enough. But he also didn't have all the time in the world. They were already looking for him and his hostage. He crouched next to her and just watched her try to pull herself together. After a while her eyes met his blood red. It's a shame that Azazel couldn't see her eye color. They were of an unusually intense green, as strange in their way as his.
He watched with interest as they filled with fear and yet curiosity was there. A fine, barely noticeable smile flitted across his face. Somehow he was amused by the thought that although the human woman knew exactly what danger she was in, she was capable of something like curiosity. He considered briefly asking her name, but immediately rejected the thought. It would only cause too much personal attachment. They stared at each other for a long time, without one of them breaking the tense silence.
"OK. The best thing we can do now is as quickly and civilized as possible. Agree? ”, Azazel said slowly in his best English and cocked his head as if Bird of prey eyeing its prey. The woman just stared at him speechless. He frowned.
"Is something wrong?" He asked the goggle. Her mouth opened and closed, but no sound came out. She started several times, but no sound came from her lips. Azazel was getting frustrated, but he took a deep breath and breathed in to bring himself down. He was broken and had to flee. And he had no more time.
"Okay, I ask again politely, because otherwise we have to move on to more unpleasant methods: I ask them a question, they answered me. Roger that?"
She looked at him trembling and nodded. Azazel raised an eyebrow questioningly and his features hardened. Then she finally understood the seriousness of the situation.
"Yes," she breathed.
"Well, don't be silent," he said mockingly, "Why are you chasing me, why are you here?" His eyes were completely fixed on the fearful face of the woman.
"I ... we ...", she started stuttering, but stopped to take a deep breath, "You are a threat to humanity."
"Oh? Really? How do you want to know? ”He asked sarcastically.
"There are old video recordings that… show what they can do," replied the human woman, trembling and crawling away from him. Only now had she noticed how close they were to each other.
Merde, he should have burned down his old prison. He had already played with the thought, but then the events overturned and he had simply forgotten about it. Now his lack of concentration took revenge. What other mistakes had he made? He wondered somberly. Azazel turned his attention back to the woman and crouched in front of her so that their faces were very close.
"Who are you?" Now it was really scared to death in her eyes.
"I can't say that," she choked out.
"Oh yes, they will tell me. Ultimately, it doesn't matter whether it is voluntary or not, ”Azazel contradicted gently and put a hand on the woman's cheek.
"No, please don't ... I can't ... I ...", she started to sob and warm tears ran down his cold hand. In panic she tried to crawl away.
"I can hurt you a lot, you know that?" He asked in a calm voice. She just nodded tearfully. He gently took her right hand in his and stroked it like a mother that of her child.
"Shhhh. It will be alright. I promise you that. You're safe now, with me. "
There was a loud crack in the silence when he broke her little finger. She shrieked and stared at her finger, which stuck out at an unhealthy angle. If you looked closely, you could even see the bone sticking out of the bleeding wound. The annoying screech slowly turned into a soft whimper.
"So again: who are you?" Azazel asked the woman. This only shook her head violently:
"No no no no…"
"Yes," he said coldly and broke another finger. This time the screeching was even louder than the first time. She tried to get away from him like crazy, but he held on to the iron ones.
"Who are you?" He repeated his question. He was getting impatient.
"I don't know, I ..." it broke out from the sobbing pile of misery in front of him. Azazel sighed softly and took her next finger.
"NO!" She shrieked loudly, "I also say what I know, just not again, no, no, no ..."
"Then speak," he said.
"I was hired. I should help investigate a new way of life. I didn't know exactly what it was about. You only told me the bare minimum, ”it bubbled out of her.
"Who are they?" He asked.
"The Federation of European Sciences," she choked out. Her choppy breathing resounded loudly in the grave silence of the rocks.
"Where can I find your head?"
"I don't know, I ... ahhhhhhhh!", She tried to talk herself out, but the rest of her babble was lost in a deafening cry when he broke two fingers at once.
"Don't lie, I notice that immediately", he scolded her like a naughty child, "So again: where can I find her leader?"
“My informant was in Strasbourg. Mrs. Jönsson. It was somewhere in or near the European Parliament. I don't know any more, I haven't been told. It was all a secret. No more pain, please! Please ... “, she sobbed.
"Well, look, it wasn't that difficult," Azazel said with a smile and patted the tear-streaked cheek gently. The human woman jerked away from him crying. Still smiling, he got up and turned to the cave entrance.
"Why are they doing this?" Whispered softly behind him. He turned thoughtfully and looked into the woman's eyes. She pressed the crippled hand against her chest.
"You hurt me a lot and now you are trying to take away what is the only important thing in this world for me. How else should I react? Hiding didn't work. You have already found me twice, so why not a third, fourth or fifth time? But what I do not understand, human woman ... “, he replied and sauntered slowly towards them.
With panic in her eyes, she tried to crawl away from him and pushed her back against the hard rock. Their flight had ended there for the time being.
"Why are you so keen to catch me and lock me up? To dissect and examine myself like an animal? What gives you the right to do so? ”, He asked with a perfectly calm face, but pure hatred burned in his eyes. It all became too much for him in one fell swoop.
The months of hiding, the constant fear of being discovered, like the strangeness of this modern age. It just had to get out of it. The woman turned even paler and her lips tightened. With tears of fear in her eyes, she avoided his eyes.
"Why, man, why ?!" he let out in frustration and grabbed her by the arm hard.
He had been looking for an answer to this question since the beginning of time with people, but had never found one. It was r so frustrating. But instead of a reply, she just started crying. And that made him really white-hot. These feelings constantly. As if you need something, as if something like that would help you. So pointless.
Furious, he threw her against the rock face. There was a sound of breaking bones several times, filling the air with fine singing. With a loud cry, she hit it and blood began to drip from the corner of her mouth. But Azazel was too angry to take care of the wonderful red water. He had to go. Even if the sun rose soon, he had to bring as much space as possible between himself and these people. And he had to destroy the evidence. He quickly formed a large dagger from HIM and went up to the trembling woman.
"No, please don't, no, PLEASE ... nooo ..." she howled when she noticed the murder tool in his hand.
"But human woman," he says simply calmly and in a perfect movement thrust the gun into her chest, exactly into her stomach. It slid as though through water without encountering the slightest resistance. Warm blood ran out of the deep wound in rhythm with her pulse as he pulled the blade out with a single jerk. She let out her loudest screech so far.
Without worrying about the bleeding piece of human, Azazel turned and went to the cave entrance. It would bleed to death within minutes if no miracle happened. And miracles did not happen in this world. Because he hadn't granted her the grace of a quick death. No she would be slowly and painfully burned internally by their own juices. How beautiful…
He peeked out carefully with all his senses. Nothing. Tired he swung himself into the air and let the winds carry him higher and higher. Now find a hiding place for the day and then off to Strasbourg. From now on he was part of the eternal game between him and him.

Chapter 6
Somewhere in downtown Strasbourg, April 15, 9:00 p.m.
Wrapped in his newly stolen coat, Azazel rested restlessly against the hard wall. He had been at his observation post since sunset, carefully watching every movement around him. The European Parliament rose smoothly and elegantly in front of him. It had to be almost all glass, Azazel had never seen so many even surfaces at once. How did they manage to keep everything in its designated place and not make the building collapse like a house of cards? It seemed very strange to him, somehow it didn't fit into the peaceful surroundings.
A tingling sensation ran uncomfortably over his back. His eyes wandered nervously, tapping his thighs with his fingers. Only the river separated him from his next victims. But so far he hadn't been able to find anything useful. He still had to learn to behave like people again. But he didn't have time for it. And frankly, he didn't want to either. He was tired of hiding. So tired ... Another depressing feeling rose from the inside of his chest, like so many times that evening.
Maybe he should ... No ... right? Should he show people that they weren't as alone as they always thought? He shifted restlessly from one foot to the other and tried to tame his impatience. But he couldn't go on. He would find out nothing here. He had to get closer, a lot closer. With a hard sound he let out the air that he had been holding unconsciously. Okay, let's go.
With centuries of practice, he searched his surroundings. Nobody was out, only a flock of crows sat in the branches of a slender tree some distance away. With a few massive wing beats, he overcame gravity and swung himself into the air. Now he silently sailed the short distance across the river and came up on the opposite side with a soft crunch.
He carefully draped his clothes so that no one noticed his wings. He could pull them in very tightly, but the holes in the fabric weren't easy to hide. What would he give for the material from his home? It had flowed like a liquid, creating perfect recesses for the wings. But never mind. He had to focus on the present.
Scurrying from shadow to shadow, he circled the building in search of a way to get inside. Hmm. The doors were all locked and something in him urgently advised him not to gain access there. He frowned and his gaze went ever higher up the smooth facade. Maybe he got there? Azazel took a few steps back and examined the side of the building in front of him.
No, he wouldn't get up so easily, it was all too smooth. Why did they have to make it harder than necessary for him? Frustrated, he strolled away and looked like a lonely stroller. Just then two people - security guards as he closed after a brief inspection - appeared and passed him. They nodded to each other in greeting. Shaken by his own lack of concentration, he grimaced as if he had bitten something.
He hadn't thought of that at all, it hadn't occurred to him for a minute that people could logically be put on guard. Damn, he was out of practice, nothing like that would have happened to him in his time. How could he have forgotten that politically important buildings were guarded? Was he even making a mistake now? Was he actually ready to hunt down those who did this to him? What was he doing here? That was insane.
He lowered his head restlessly and walked on slowly. It had to happen today, time was running out. The longer he stayed in one place, the more likely she was to find him. A shiver ran over him. Even if he is hardly wanted to admit: the woman scared him. Her obsession with him was unusually violent. Nothing good ever grew out of it.
He paused when he was far enough away. Now he could try again. His eyes roamed the still night around him. He was standing in a small square right on the bank of the river. A bench was romantically placed under a weeping willow and afforded a wonderful view of the moonlit water. It all seemed so calm, so peaceful. Too bad he couldn't stay. But his liberation took precedence.
With a sigh, he spread his huge wings and, with a slight groan, rose into the air. Cleverly and instinctively using the warm upward winds, he continued to climb until the city was tiny below him. There it was it so-called
"European Parliament". What was it all about? Was Europe a single country now? Azazel shook his head, frowning. No, this could not be. But then again ... he had once thought that humans would never be able to fly. But they did. Nothing was safe in this new world anymore.
He gently turned to the right and sailed in large circles over the sleeping city. Like in old times. He shook his head, annoyed, so that his light braid slapped him hard in the face. What was wrong with him today? Otherwise he wasn't that sentimental. He pressed his lips together resolutely and pushed every thought aside. It was time. And plunged vertically.
Icy wind whipped his face and he suddenly felt as alive as he had in a long time. He pressed his wings firmly against his body to get faster. The air seemed to be more nutritious and all of his senses sharpened. Power flowed through every tiny vein of his body like fire. Every single cell worked at full speed. That's what hunting felt like.
Shortly before the impact on the roof of the building, he spread his huge wings and braked hard. He groaned in the air with groaning, heavy wing beats and touched down almost silently with a bit of navigation. Breathing heavily, he tried to keep his balance, since the glass was very smooth. He looked around carefully. There had to be a way to enter the building somewhere. The floor he was standing on looked kind of ... bright. And that at night?
Irritated, he crouched down and carefully touched the cool surface. Glass. The building was made of glass. Of course, how could he have missed it? As if he had burned himself, Azazel shrugged and shrugged his shoulders uneasily. For him this material might be as transparent as a rock face, but of course not for people! Did they see him land? Was there someone else? The light was on, but ... His heart was pounding and he was staring at the building at his feet, trying to make a decision. Should he…?
"Oh shit on it," it escaped from his compressed lips and he continued to move carefully on the smooth surface.
Even now she checked him. He couldn't be influenced. He had to stay himself. Whoever he was. Looking for something, he found an irregularity in the glass wall. Was it maybe a window? He looked indecisively at this mysterious something at his feet, but it didn't want to reveal his secret. Then a coincidence opened the door that would shape all of his subsequent decisions.
The brightness beneath him disappeared and the eternal hum that pervaded the entire building suddenly fell silent. What...? But he immediately recognized the preciousness of this possibility and did not hesitate for a blink of an eye. With all his concentrated strength he kicked the "window" (or whatever).
A dull crunch penetrated the perfect silence of the night. Cracks ran through the glass at his feet. He stepped on the window again and a noticeable hollow formed. With clenched teeth, he pulled the cool night air into his lungs and desperately ignored the throbbing pain in his foot as he struck again.
The disk gave way with a burst and he jumped elegantly down through the narrow opening. He landed on the carpeted floor without any noise and immediately sought cover behind a massive shelf. He carefully searched the surroundings with his special sense.
He was in a large room in the middle of a maze of shelves. But he felt no people. At least here in this room there was none. Like a shred of darkness, he made his way between the mountains of files and folders. The people and their rage for order. Something else he would never understand. Chaos had so much more to offer.
In the far distance he felt people hurrying back and forth excitedly. It was determined what he was looking for. He sneaked on attentively and peeked around the corner. Several masked people with flashlights ransacked the elegant office, apparently frantically looking for something. Without paying attention to discretion, they simply threw everything on the floor and formed lakes of paper. A woman with a big gun positioned himself in front of him and apparently secured everything, as well as on the opposite door. Azazel frowned in confusion. To be honest, he didn't expect that.
"It's not here," growled one of the figures, looking up.
"But it has to be here. Keep looking! ”His neighbor ruled.
"The Jönsson is certainly not so stupid to store it here anywhere, let alone to keep a copy!", The first contradicted.
"S Finally be quiet and hurry up! Our time is running out soon ”, the leader looked at the watch on his wrist,“ Only three minutes! Then the cops are here! Go Go go!"
What were you looking for? He didn't really need to worry. He only needed the human woman named Jönsson. Were them here somewhere? Just as he was about to withdraw, one of the people said:
"There is no other way, we have to ask them." Reluctantly the leader nodded and beckoned to three of his people:
"You have to get us time. No matter how. Got it? ”The three just nodded and disappeared out of the door at the far end of the office.
"Good. You and you ”he pointed with his gloved hand at two people,“ you come with me. ”
The little group turned to Azazel and he quickly melted into the darkness. They passed him barely a meter away, without even knowing anything. They could almost be sorry for you. As their shadow, he followed them at some distance. They would take him to his prey. One of the people turned around restlessly. He was the only one who seemed to sense his presence. How remarkable.
"Someone is following us," he whispered to his companions, trying in vain to be silent. But Azazel's sharp ears caught every syllable.
"Then find him or stop spinning! And time is running out! “, He was hissed down.
With her head bowed, the figure seemed to consider for a moment whether it should really do so, but apparently decided against it and did not hurry to lose touch. Lucky for Azazel.
They crossed the labyrinth of shelves and came to an anteroom with a large door in front of which an armed giant kept watch. The leader nodded to him and he released the door, which immediately closed behind the group. Hmm, crap. He absolutely had to go into the room and hear what was happening there. So he moved perfectly in the shadows behind the muscle mountain. He stuck his neck precisely with his newly formed dagger and severed the spinal cord. Before the human could fall over or even scream, Azazel did a minimalist twist in both directions and the carotid artery and trachea were severed.
The man slumped dead and fell back onto Azazel. Somewhat surprised by its weight, his knees buckled and he was half buried under the crowds. Damn it! That was not how it was planned! With some effort he managed to wriggle out from under the body and roughly pulled him into the next dark corner.
"You can wait here," he mocked softly and turned his attention back to why he had come to this snake pit in the first place.
A soft babble of voices came through the door to him, but he couldn't quite understand it. He pressed his full lips together sullenly and looked around. Was there still a way in? He crept smoothly through the dim darkness. But he didn't find anything. He only came across impenetrable walls wherever he looked. Then it had to be if he disliked it. It was so terribly primitive. But what had to be had to be. He took a few steps back and started running.
The door shattered under his deliberate kick and he elegantly crouched in front of four pairs of stared eyes. He slowly straightened up and looked at his counterpart with cold, red eyes. He already knew the three men, but he saw the narrow body of a bound woman between them, staring at him with horrified eyes. And he saw recognition in her eyes. As she noticed in his too.
Seconds of tense silence passed before people even reacted. You would have been lost if he had wanted it that way. But somehow he had no desire for such a senseless and unfair fight. Where did the fun go? At least he wanted that in his probably very limited free time on this planet. A man in dark clothes stepped toward him with his weapon out. He kept looking questioningly at his leader. But he just stared at the intruder.
"I just want to question her," Azazel quietly broke through with the arms raised the mantle of silence that had laid over her
"Then you can have her back." Or what would be left of her.
"Should that be a bad joke ?!" growled the man who threatened him and loaded his gun with a crash. Azazel gave him a long look:
"No."
Again it became so quiet that you could hear the pounding of hearts in the room. Nobody dared to take the first step.
"You can give it to me voluntarily or I can take it. I don't care, ”said Azazel with a menacing undertone that made people's hair stand on end and suspect the danger they were in, and took a step towards them.
The woman let out a small whimper. She knew more than exactly what was coming. What a smart girl.
"Stop, not a step further," the gunman hissed, pressing the cold metal of the barrel to his neck.
Azazel looked at him narrowly, his eyes narrowed. What he saw was uncertainty. And fear. A lot of fear. Good Excellent. The way it should be, the way he loved it. His eyes met the leaders.
"I will not make my offer again. Give it to me, ”he broke the tense silence again.
"Kill this fool," he ordered barely and half turned to speak. How extremely rude.
Without even looking at the man with the gun, he slapped the gun out of his hand and skillfully caught it again. It nestled perfectly in his hand. How long had it been since he last held a handgun? Definitely too long. A quick pull on the trigger and the human face was history. The shot is deafening in the absolute silence of the building. Then came only the disgusting clapping of the body on the polished floor. And it got as quiet as before.
"The woman," Azazel said in a hard voice, aiming the gun at the leader's chest.
To his surprise, the latter did not look at him in alarm or fear, but with eyebrows raised with interest. Then he just nodded and the people stepped aside. Azazel was slightly irritated, but showed no sign of it. He needed every information he could get. The woman burst into tears when she saw him approach and tried to crawl away.
"No, no, no, please don't!" She sobbed.
"Yes," he only contradicted, crouched and put the gun down. He roughly grabbed her hair and forced her to look him in the face.
"You know why I'm here," he began in a soft voice.
The woman was trembling all over.
"Do you remember what happened to her? At first she also thought she could lie to me. She was so naughty. But you're a good girl, aren't you? You would never lie to me, would you? ”, He continued softly and stroked her carefully through the tangled hair. She just sobbed louder and jerked away from him.
"Why are you after me?", He wanted to know with a cruel smile.
"We ... we ... we ...", she started trembling, but then bit her tongue and looked hard at the ground. So in the uncomfortable way.
He formed a dagger, which he pulled out of his jacket (people didn't need to know more than they should) and pulled it lightly with his blunt side over the delicate tear-wetted cheek.
"Why are you chasing me?" He repeated his question. There were gunshots somewhere in the background, but he was simply hiding his surroundings. Only the human woman cared for him at the moment.
"I ... I don't know ..." she began to stutter, but broke off whimpering as he let the sharp point come to rest just millimeters from her eye.
It had always been people's greatest fear. Losing your seemingly most important meaning. They were so dependent on him. But why didn't they ever notice that you could see a lot more without it?
"Don't lie," Azazel reminded her gently. Tears ran down her cheeks.
"She ordered it. It had its sources. I was just a messenger. Please, you have to believe me ... Please! “, It finally broke out of her.
"Who says I don't believe them?" Azazel replied quietly,
"But they know more. I can feel it."
The blade slid through the woman's skin without resistance. Spitz shrieked and tried to pull out of his iron grip with all her strength. Vain. Precisely, he pulled the ultra-sharp edge under her skin and elegantly pulled off the rag so that the red muscles underneath could be seen. She was crying uninhibited now, but the tears ran down her raw meat and burned like acid. You punished sic h yourself. How poetic. Azazel smiled peacefully and put his blade back on.
"NO!" The human woman shrieked loudly.
"Then talk," he said.
"Yes, yes, ... From here she spun her network. She knew everything, could get everything. I don't know how she did it, but ... she has contacts. Powerful contacts. "
Azazel thoughtfully ran his blade over the chapped lips of the woman. She understood it as a request to continue talking.
"She is the head of Bioresearch Cooperation." He looked at her questioningly.
“A large research company that works for money
Client organizes and carries out research. With quite opaque cash flows, if I can put it that way, " a deep bass answered him. The other people, he had completely forgotten!
"Go on," he said to his source after carefully studying the leader.
But she pressed her lips together and stared at him silently. With one movement, too fast for the human eye, he pulled another large piece of skin off her. Again she screamed like a stick and was finally ready to provide further information:
“There was some project here in France. I don't know exactly what it was about, but they played a role in it. ”Azazel cocked his head and nodded thoughtfully.
"There were money problems, the boss was not going fast enough. Mr. Sanchez, the assistant to Doctor Jansen, only wanted financial support and in return promised us an insight into the research results. But somehow she got more and more involved the more she learned about the project, what was going on. I don't know what had got into her, but she didn't let go of it. ”It bubbled out of the human woman.
"We have to get away, the cops are coming!" Suddenly one of the shouts people present.
Azazel and the leader looked at him more annoyed than frightened. But he wasn't finished with the woman! But the leader just nodded and trudged past Azazel. Almost casually, he took out his pistol and fired it precisely three times in the head. She was instantly dead and her delicious blood spread on the floor in a perfect pool. Angry and somewhat stunned, Azazel started up. It did not occur to him to pick up the gun on the ground.
"Get out of here," the leader replied, just looking at the barely hidden anger and retreating with his men. One of the people roughly pushed him aside as he stomped past him.
Azazel remained frozen. How dare he ?! His chance for more names was gone! In his hateful, he only noticed the buzz when it was too late. He really had to go.
He hurried to the door, only to find that it was locked. And it was clearly made of one material, much harder than wood. He wouldn't be able to break through this easily. He quickly turned. The other also failed, from there people fed. But there were no others. Maybe a window? Now, slightly panicked, he stepped into the middle of the room next to the body and looked around, but he couldn't say which of the walls around him were made of glass or just walls. He was literally trapped. Suddenly he had an incredible suspicion: Was this how people planned it? Did they want to put everything in his shoes? What did you think who you were ???
A good dozen armed men and women stormed into the room and pointed their weapons at him. As if out of the blue, only a single Italian word came to his mind that described the whole situation, now or not, Merda. Crap.

Chapter 7
Somewhere near Strasbourg, April 16, 4:01 a.m.
"All right, again: what's their name?" Silence. A more frustrated than angry sigh.
"Do you understand our language? Do you speak English? Parlez- vous français? Hablas español? Anything???"
But Azazel did not react and continued to stare at a point on the metal table where they were sitting, as he had the hours before. They had tied him to the table with new-fashioned chains that uncomfortably constricted his wrists. And that even though they were so delicate and narrow. As if that would stop him. Ridiculous. Simply ridiculous. He gave a snort of contempt. Well, if they felt so safe, he didn't want to be like that…
"So again: what were they doing in the building? Why did you kill Ms. Jönsson? ”Asked the man with difficulty, his voice tight.
When he did not react again, he jumped up from her chair so violently that it fell over. The backrest crashed against the hard concrete floor and broke the silence in the room for a moment. He stared at Azazel with gritted teeth, so angry that he should have been lying on his back, twitching.
Breathing violently, he turned and started to storm out of the room. No! He was so emotional, you had to take advantage of it! Who knew what other stone they would put in front of him? Maybe he got something out of him.
"They overturned their chair," Azazel said softly, looking at him kindly. His face was covered with hectic red spots and he was visibly working in it.
"Oh, you can talk anyway ?!", he snorted and stomped back to the table.
Azazel didn't show his relief that he was staying and just nodded. Again there was an oppressive silence between them. Azazel's eyes went back to his beloved point on the table. He had to make him angry and let his feelings corrupt him. Then people always made mistakes. Like you did it, a small, malicious voice whispered inside, which he simply ignored. He didn't have time for that now. After a few heartbeats, a sigh broke the perfect noiselessness.
"Then we'll just talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? The weather? Art? Politics? “, The man tried again. With a fine smile, Azazel shook his head.
"Then what?" He asked. Nothing. Silence.
"Well, then let's try something very simple, agree?" He didn't give Azazel any time to answer, but went straight on: "What's your name?"
With a slight disapproval on his face, he looked up and stared into the eyes of the little man sitting opposite him. Silence filled the air. Slowly the man began to wriggle under his inhuman gaze and looked at the papers he had spread out in front of him. Azazel could not read it. Would have been too good. Then he had to get his information differently because of which he had allowed it to "catch" him.
Yes, he could have killed them all. In fact, it would have been easy for him, as incompetent as they had been when he was arrested. Were there really really good guards today? So who, without hesitation, killed every intruder, regardless of their own lives? Which one was worth killing? He rocked his head sullenly. No. Today life was too much in the foreground. Avoid the dead at all costs. How pathetic. People always died doing their duty that was the nature of this life inevitable. But enough philosophy. He had to find out what he came for.
The clank of the chains echoed deafeningly in the silence of the room as he leaned forward and put his hands on the table. The man winced unconsciously and looked at him slightly confused. It was his first move in several hours.
"You know, I hate talking around the bush," Azazel started in a soft, singing voice and bowed his head slightly, "Always this eternal palpation and getting warm with each other, so that at some point I slowly begin to address the issues that both parties have find interesting ... I just don't like it. It wastes so much time. Time that we could all use better, don't you think? You could do so much with this time. Doing sports, painting paintings, meeting friends, and ... Oh, so much and much more that I can't even think of. Surely you have better things to do than crouch with me here and ask me the same questions over and over again. For example, they could go on a rendezvous with their wife again. "
The first thing he noticed about Azazel was the ring on his finger. He winced slightly at the mention his wife. Had he touched a sore spot there?
"Don't say anything about my wife! Never dare to do it again! Yep A very sore point.
"What do you actually accuse me of?" Asked Azazel. Now the man mocked his lips:
"Don't you know that?" With wide eyes Azazel just shook his head:
"No, please explain to me. I'm sooooooo stupid. "
"What do you actually think what this is here ?! A crappy game ?! "
Yes.
"You tortured Ms. Jönsson bestially and then murdered her freezing!"
Yes.
"You and your gang have caused millions of dollars of damage to the building! Don't you think we don't know what you were up to ??? ”
No, Azazel did not know that and was now excited to find out the reason for the group's appearance.
"They wanted the S.P.E.S. steal! You have no idea what kind of destruction it could cause! "
Now it was a little perplexed to look at Azazel. What? What should that be? Did man want to be kidding? Or just test it? His confusion must have been reflected on his face for a split second, for the man hissed furiously:
“Don't play the unsuspecting here! This deadly bio-weapon must never fall into the wrong hands! She and her accomplice assholes wanted to target her against the civilian population. There would have been hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of deaths! So don't tell me that you didn't know anything !!! “, he almost shouted the last words and dropped back onto his chair, breathing heavily.
A biological weapon? Seriously? Is that why this whole uprising? Well, if you look at it from the point of view of mankind ... But let's be honest: people multiplied like rabbits, even the plague had not been able to contain their number seriously and in the long term. Azazel had at least tried. There had just been too many for him, they had been everywhere.
He had found her in every corner of Europe, no matter how remote. They had literally flooded the country and defiled and desecrated his beloved retreats. A slimming cure had just been necessary. As you might imagine, Azazel hadn't been very good at talking to people at the time. He wasn't sure if it was now, after everything they had done to him.
Sighing thoughtfully, he rocked his head and slowly leaned back.
"What makes you think I would with this ...", he circled his hand in the air, apparently trying to find the right expression, "... grouping together?"
He looked at the human man with interest and waited for his answer. He stared at him with a slightly open mouth:
"What does this mean? They think we're completely stupid. "
Indeed, he thought so.
"I'm asking the questions here! Are you working with these freaks now or not? "
"Tell me," Azazel purred softly, playing with a strand of white hair.
The man looked at him with furious eyes and clenched his hands into fists, laboriously controlling himself. Several silent minutes passed before the human scratched back so much self-control that he could talk to Azazel halfway normal.
"Okay," the man said harshly, "Now again from the beginning: together with the group around Sari kakis, they broke into the European Parliament building complex by hacking the security system, which in itself was considered impossible."
Well, that was new ... Hacked? What should that be again now? And who was this Sari kakis?
"The alarm was turned off and then they looked for the weapon in question, which is really ridiculous to say it. As if you were storing something like that in an office building, honestly now. But no matter ... ", the man with bared teeth went on,
“Since they didn't find anything, they tortured Ms. Jönsson first and then shot her. This crime scene cannot be denied, no matter how you turn it! So you can also work with us straight away and make a comprehensive confession. Maybe, but just maybe, that saves them a really unpleasant jail. They get lifelong anyway, ”he concluded with a satisfied grin that Azazel would have loved to cut from his face. Stupid creature.
Now he had what he wanted and this idiot in a suit in front of him hadn't even recorded it. Were everyone really so stupid in the future? Somehow he couldn't believe it. That must have had a purpose! People did nothing for no reason, there was always one for them, even if it was sometimes very far-fetched. He thought of the Bible and the Koran. What they had fished out to justify their actions, their lust for murder and greed for gold ...
"You are absolutely right. Brilliant speech and this rhetoric, this structure of the arguments, simply sensational! If you were to become a politician, they would be forgiven for their lack of intelligence, or maybe even honored for it, ”Azazel etched back. The face across from him instantly clenched and glowed red.
"There is only one problem," Azazel interrupted the man before he could throw insults or worse arguments at his head again, "I was independent of the group there, I was just as surprised to find them there as they were from me. Let's say I have my personal differences with Ms. Jönsson or rather with her employers, but that is not important now. So her accusations are pointless in this regard. You have to think of something new. And now, "he said with a fine sigh, standing up as far as the chains around his wrists allowed," I'd like to go. Good day."
Once he pulled violently with both arms and with a dissonant tone the metal chains broke into thousands of individual parts. Not good quality. Were there no more today? Or was it not worth it to them? What a pity for them. Because he had no intention of playing in this comedy any longer. He played according to his own rules.
With an elegant jump he was on the table, pulling himself towards one another at the same time and slipping with his feet forward towards the perplexed person. He hit hard bent legs the soft chest and brutally pushed him aside. With a loud roar, the man fell off the chair and tore the table over with the senseless attempt to hold on.
Azazel knew that they had not locked the door, but two armed police officers were on guard behind her. He had registered it as soon as he entered it and carefully noted everything that was really paying off. Just as he had memorized the way through the maze of alleyways and called up the map in his mind's eye. With one smooth movement, he rolled off the floor and pushed open the door. He immediately ducked under the shot the first guard fired on him and dived under the rifle.
He hit the man's knee hard and it broke with a dry splinter. The man let out a terrible scream and hit the floor. While still sliding, Azazel turned a hundred and eighty degrees and came to a stop just behind the second armed man. With the precession of years of practice, his index and middle fingers hit the liver and then the kidneys of the man.
He could literally feel how it was torn apart under his brutal attack (why wasn't he wearing a tank or something?) And blood was running into the human abdominal cavity. Speaking of blood, he actually deserved a little snack again ... But not here. Unlike her, these people didn't yet know what he was. The less they knew about him, the better for them and for him. A classic, how did you say recently? Oh yes, win-win situation. A smile stole on his face.
The man toppled over with a gurgling, final tone and crumpled to the floor. Azazel quickly scurried down the aisle before more police officers came and blocked his way.
Right. Left. Right again. Then straight ahead. Crap, too far. Back. But now, left again. A door! A loud trample of heavy boots on the cold floor tore him out of his concentrated search for the right way. Damn, not like that fast! He kicked the door open and stormed on. Where should he go? You were right there with him! He felt more and more people stream towards him from all sides. He had made a mistake, but really thoroughly. If he couldn't kill them all, then she would be even more aware of him. He had to try to remain inconspicuous and disappear in the crowd. But how could he reach her?
He looked around, breathing heavily. All around him smooth concrete walls protruded from the floor and enclosed a huge hall decorated with armchairs and tables placed in elegant groups. He even spotted a bar on the far end. Two huge doors, also made of a very hard material, maybe metal, but it didn't matter now, cut off the escape route. He couldn't crush the walls, wood might have been possible, but this new-fangled material was too hard, as he had painfully learned a few weeks ago. What now? He asked himself panicked again. Was one of the doors unlocked? Probably not with his luck.
The door behind him slammed shut and a fine click announced that it was now locked. He was locked up. Again. That could be real now isn't it ?! Was the whole world against him today? The last possible way out was the ceiling, not the unobtrusive finish he had envisioned, but people didn't give him a choice. Maybe there was something like a ventilation shaft big enough for him to crawl through?
He narrowed his eyes and searched every square millimeter above him. The hall was very high, perhaps twenty meters from the ceiling. However much he concentrated, Azazel found nothing. It was desperate! What should he do ?! He probably wouldn't get another chance, they knew now about his abilities, at least the ones he had shown them.
The others, his secret weapons, were not allowed to see them. Then the hunt for him would have really started. Azazel went there no illusions. Everyone would walk over corpses under his command for someone like him. She already did it. However, being hunted by multiple parties was not an acceptable option. Then rather only from someone he knew halfway and could assess. With a huge bang the one of the two doors that was closest to him swung open. What the hell…? Shots sounded from behind him and all doubts were pushed into the far corner of his brain. He. Had to. Path. And quickly. He quickly stumbled and ran through the wide open gate, which immediately closed behind him and cost his pursuers more valuable seconds. Another passage stretched out in front of him. He didn't know that part of the building. Where to?
Breathing violently, he jogged down the hall. Next to him, a door mysteriously opened again and invited him to take this path. How could doors open by themselves ??? What was that sick shit? But his gut instinct told him that this time he should trust the higher power that gave him his escape route. Besides, he couldn't do anything else at the moment anyway. He slipped around the corner with a screw. He hated being handed over and having to trust him. Too often this had gone wrong. A betrayal in particular still hurt him, even though so much time had passed.
Gritting his teeth, Azazel pushed aside every memory. He didn't have time for that, he couldn't let his emotions control him. Then he would start making mistakes like people. When he was better than she was.
Doors opened and closed as if by magic. His pursuers stayed behind. Whoever or whatever directed him, he was really grateful for any helping hand at the moment. That didn't mean that he felt obliged to help them. Everyone fought for himself in this world that was his philosophy up to now. With a violent one
He jerked to a halt in the basement of the building, he thought.
It was almost done. And it was still night. At least he thought so. If not, that would have been secondary at the moment. He had to go, go into the crowd of this city and think about his next steps. He wasn't sure what to do now, the group of people who had just smashed his efforts had ruined everything. He needed a new plan. However, one by one.
On his left he discovered something that looked suspiciously like one of his beloved ventilation shafts. No, not really. It reminded him more of a sewer pipe. Then he came to crawl through something like that. How he had missed it. He grimaced as if he had bitten something sour. Well then. A short jerk later and the cover were on the floor. He crawled resolutely into the narrow shaft and crawled on, teeth clenched. It was very tight, if he were just a little more muscular, he would have gotten stuck.
The air was damp. But where long? He listened intently to the absolute darkness around him. A gentle breath of air stroked his face like a child's hand. He let himself be guided by that. A soft groan escaped him as he squirmed around a bend. It was done right away, he felt it. Fatigue slowly took hold of his limbs. And he had to blink hard to control his watery eyes.
True, there was still the question of where he was hiding. He couldn't take his old age anymore, it would be too risky. Maybe someone had seen him there and would tell the police if they searched for him. It was a pity he had liked that dilapidated house on the outskirts of Strasbourg. It had suited him somehow. Decayed and forgotten by the world and yet one had seen the former beauty and elegance. 
Azazel was now at the end of the aisle. Luckily for him, he didn't seem to be connected to the city's proper sewers. He would have missed that now. The pipe made a perfectly right-angled bend and the last ten or twenty meters went up steeply. It was covered by a round plate at the top. Like in Paris! So beware of moving cars, he grinned to himself. At least he knew that when he knew nothing else.
With his sharp fingernails and feet, he shuffled higher and higher. It was really hard work, because the metal was old and crumbly under his hands and also slippery due to the high humidity. He slipped a few times, but was always able to save himself from the fall. Panting, he worked his way up inch by inch towards freedom. He was so close to the record that he could almost touch it. Nothing could go wrong now. He held out his hand shakily and paused.
There was someone on the other side. In panic, he tried to regulate his wheezing breath. His limbs were tense with the effort. Go away, go away, go away, GO AWAY, DAMN AGAIN !!!, he thought in panic and hatred rose in him. Who was he to be frightened by such a weak creature, a human being? They should be the ones to fear his anger.
He pressed both hands into the shaft walls and let his legs dangle in the air. Concentrated, he pressed his back into the slimy metal and pulled his legs to his chest. His feet now pointed directly at the plate that separated him from the stupid little man out there. He gathered all his strength in his chest. His hectic heartbeat calmed down and his innermost heart seemed to cool a few degrees. The way it should be.
Energy from unknown areas swelled into him and washed away all his tiredness. He became a killing machine that already had always lurked in it. His "animal," as he called it, came crawling out of his cage to hold bloody harvests. It pulled and tugged on its leash, but the ties that Azazel had placed on it still held. But he knew how quickly it could break free. Just a moment of inattention, a tiny distraction in this sensitive state was enough to destroy everything.
With one small but powerful movement, he threw the metal plate away. It flew in a high arc through the air and crashed onto the hard floor. A startled squeak filled the night air. Slowly Azazel pushed himself up and crawled out of the hole in the floor. His eyes met that of a frightened man with his hair tied.
"MI ...?", He was still able to eject before Azazel was with him and grabbed his throat with one hand.
The now panicked man's legs fidgeted through the air. He only marginally noticed the kicks Azazel was collecting. Hateful he stared into human eyes. They widened with fear and fear of the inhumanly glowing red.
"Who send you?" He hissed in English with a heavy accent.
His fogged brain was barely clear. Without realizing that it would be difficult to speak with a compressed windpipe, he growled at the man as he answered with a wheezing and intensified his efforts to get free. Rough hands tugged at Azazel’s and didn't move them a millimeter. His face came even closer to that of man:
"Does she send you? THEY?"
The interviewee shook his head again and again and his eyes slowly became aimless. That shook Azazel awake. His thoughts cleared up a bit. With his head cocked, he watched the amusing struggle of the man in his hand on the Desperate search for a way to escape Azazel's vice-like grip. A little air couldn't hurt. But only a little. He loosened his grip for a few seconds and the man immediately inhaled the air that was so precious to him. And then the iron fist closed again and cut it off from the air supply again.
"I tell you only once: leave me alone or you will feel my anger. I will take everything you like from you. Everything. Did you understand that?"
The man stared at him with wide eyes. The grip around his throat tightened, forcing him to respond if he didn't want to suffocate miserably.
"Yes," came out of his mouth, croaking.
"Tell the one who sends you. Don't look for me. Because I keep my promises I give. Always."
And he just let go of the man. He fell to the ground like a sack of potatoes and remained lying down, gasping. Azazel looked up at the sky. It would soon be day, it was already getting dark. He needed a hiding place for the day. Suddenly the tiredness returned to his bones and the animal disappeared into his cage again. And hunger rose in him. His eyes shot back to the man still writhing on the ground.
He looked around. No one was on the street, but he heard a car approaching them at a distance. They were right on an intersection, surrounded by tall houses. In the distance he saw the silhouette of the European Parliament. Wasn't that how far he had come through the sewers? Strange. He shrugged unconsciously and turned back.
A fairly narrow street opened in front of him, lined with absolutely identical houses. He grabbed the man by the collar and slapped him hard on the larynx. Now he couldn't even scream for help and draw someone's attention. A wheezing came in response and the man's hand went to his neck in horror. His victim and panicked tried to get out of his grip. Some blood ran down him From the corner of his mouth and slowly the hunger in Azazel's belly became unbearable. He grinded the man behind him and plunged into the darkness of the alley.
Now it was time for his reward. A smile played around his soft lips. Finally.

Chapter 8
Harjumägi Park, Tallinn, Estonia, December 24, 7:41 p.m.
It was desperate. Azazel nervously stroked his hood for the two hundredth time to make sure it was still in place and his face was in shadow. She found him everywhere. Regardless of whether he immersed himself in the anonymity of the big city or fled to remote, inaccessible natural areas, he was never safe from her and her faithful. Her hands appeared everywhere, grabbing at him, trying to pull him with him.
His steps led him through the deserted park. But it wasn't surprising. It was winter and it had been snowing for hours. Cold wind whipped whole loads of muddy flakes into his face and obscured his vision. He could understand well how they crawled into their cozy homes.
Oh, and it was Christmas. He let out an amused snort. How ridiculous. Family. Gifts. Eat. You could have it all on every other day of the year. So why push religion forward? Why did they need a reason to get together? Didn't that just work? No matter. He shrugged and went on with his eyes on the floor.
And yet he somehow felt alone, which of course was complete madness, because loneliness was his loyal, eternal companion from the beginning. He only knew her. But somehow it gnawed at his inside and he felt as if he was slowly being hollowed out and only an outer, fragile shell was left of him. Was being alone really the best option ...?
No. Better stop right away, he immediately scolds himself. He could never work with anyone or even be friends. He would be cheated and betrayed, perhaps not on purpose or on purpose, who knew what was going on in people's minds, but it would happen one day. So he preferred to keep it the same. He could always rely on himself - unless his feelings got in his way.
Another point where he had to work again. He's had his emotions under control a lot lately. And outbursts of anger were bad to stay invisible in the crowd. Because if he had learned one thing, then that it seemed that he could only escape her, hide was a terrible failure. Several times. But how should he be inconspicuous when this world was no longer familiar to him and everything seemed strange to him? He needed allies. It was no different. He grinned tortured. He had the choice between plague and cholera. As I said, it was really desperate.
Pitrita Old Cemetery, Tallinn, Estonia, December 24, 11:57 p.m.
Azazel made little sound when he was over the in darkness submerged graveyard walked. Somehow he felt here canceled. To his right, the ruin of the St. Brigitte monastery rose. His steps were drawn to the building by themselves. But something was strange. He stopped, irritated, and blinked slightly at the ice storm. After a while, he exhaled the held air. He couldn't see how his breath didn't form a cloud in the cold of the night. It was always at ambient temperature, even if it was minus five degrees.
There was someone in the monastery ruins. A single person, as the steady pounding from his heart tells him. What did a person do alone in the cold on a day like this at the cemetery? That was quite unusual. And yet he was still drawn to the stone walls. Up until now he had always been able to trust his instinct. So he followed him again this time. He slowly approached the ruin, which was full Elegance soared into the sky before him and entered the interior of the former church through the main entrance.
Exactly in the middle of the building was a man with his back to him, breathing softly in the dark. His hood was up against the cold, making him a silent shadow without a face. Sharp wind crawled through the flaws in the ailing masonry and bulged the coat of the human being so that he gave this wing.
Azazel quietly approached him, more fascinated than suspicious. His crunching footsteps in the snow were swallowed up by the icy storm. Hard ice crystals pierced his face and got stuck in his hair like glittering jewelry, crowned him lord of the night. The man stood there calmly and made no move to indicate whether he had noticed Azazel. The human heart continued to dance in its mesmerizing rhythm, playing such an infinitely beautiful melody.
With a fine smile around the corner of his mouth, Azazel came up to him and crossed his arms behind his back. Somehow the situation was only laughable. What was he doing here? ? Was it still comforting? Which person hadn't brought him any inconvenience? Still, he stopped there. He just had to do it, somehow his deep inside forced him to do it. And sighing silently, he gave in. Also because it slowly dawned on Azazel and he didn't really want to say it: he couldn't run away forever. With his face motionless, he looked straight past the man. And waited.
After a while, the human turned to look at Azazel completely unabashedly. He felt the man's eyes crawl across his face, no speck left untouched. But strangely, it wasn't uncomfortable for him. No, he just didn't feel anything anymore. Azazel slowly turned his head and looked into the human mine. And startled, because he knew them. The recognition had not escaped the human eye and he smiled with delight.
"Hello Marzena," said Doctor Jansen.
Pitrita Old Cemetery, Tallinn, Estonia, December 25, 12:08 a.m.
"What do you want?" Azazel asked only icy and took a step back.
He didn't want to be near that monster. Not only had he tortured him, he had done more cruel things to him than that. Death itself would have seemed like a sweet dream to Azazel. If only he could have died.
"Well, what kind of greeting is that after such a long time?" Asked the doctor, more astonished than angry, and came up to Azazel. He reached out his plump hand to put it on Azazel's shoulder. The man flinched and shot deadly looks at the man.
"They…! Don't you dare touch me! ”, He hissed full of hate and suppressed panic and took a few steps back.
"But Marzena, I-" the old man started.
"Azazel," the latter cut him off and backed away from the man.
All the anger and fear threatened to come back up inside him. Azazel controlled himself with difficulty and a wild fire blazed in his eyes. He could be afraid, she was good, but he couldn't let her control her. Then he would have won.
"Very well - Azazel. Nice name, by the way. So elegant, ”said the man reassuringly, raising both hands. He was unarmed. At least something.
"What do you want?" Azazel asked again as coldly as the first time.
"I ... um ... wanted her ... well I ... so actually ... it was that I wanted to see you. After all, you are something like my daughter, uh, like a child for me, ”he replied with a bashful grin.
And he dared to duke Azazel. His soul froze, ice flowers started growing inside him and got delicate buds. It was the moment he decided to kill this disgusting bunch of meat in front of him.
"And then you thought you would come and visit me so easily? Just to tell me that? ”Azazel said almost growling and slowly approached his tormentor with clenched fists. Sweat broke out and his eyes darted around nervously.
"Uh, I ... yes. And- ", stammered the man and now it was he who stumbled back from Azazel," I can make you an offer. An option that you are unlikely to reject, as clever as you are. "
"And who says, Doctor that I have to be smart? Who says I will act like you humans? Are you so sure you know me? Or do you just think you know me? ”, Azazel answered with bared teeth and drove the man, who was now sweating heavily despite the cold.
The latter stumbled against the dark walls of the ruin and finally bumped violently against the damp stone. The doctor swallowed hard and looked trembling in Azazel's deep red, almost night-black eyes:
"No. But you have lived among us humans for too long. You're almost one of us now, ”he whispered. Azazel stopped, irritated.
They were so close that their faces almost but only almost touched. He felt the tremor that emanated from the man's body. A tiny spike, almost not noticed by Azazel, shot through his stomach. What was that? No matter, it was gone and insignificant.
He shook his head. Stormy gusts drove fine strands on his face that had loosened from his bun. He grimaced thoughtfully and turned away from the heap of misery and stared into the empty starry sky. The man let out a relieved sigh, which Azazel pretended not to hear. Should he believe what he wanted, but he - Azazel - a human being? Amused, he let out a snort. But he couldn't deny a little bit of truth, no matter how displeasing he was. Had he become weak, that is, human in the years on earth? Why did he have to start now? He had enough other problems to fix first. Like the one in front of him. A slight tingling ran through him as if a tiny A rmee of ants pounded under his skin.
"So tell me man, what kind of offer is it that I supposedly can't refuse, is it that good?"
The man made no effort to appear complacent and relieved, but failed terribly at this task. You could almost smell it.
"There is a ... group that offers you something to help you with. They would offer you refuge from the people who chase you. "
Now Azazel was surprised to look. Who were these people who seemed to offer him so much shelter? Wasn't that a bad chance? Hadn't he just realized that he was fighting alone on a lost job? Man interpreted Azazel's silence as a sign to continue:
"Of course you will now ask yourself how they found you and what they expect in return. And of course I am aware of your distrust. But I'm just the messenger, you have to go see her yourself. ”
The heart pumped frantically in the doctor's chest. He was afraid that was logical. But before him or before his reaction? Why did they send Doctor Jansen and didn't come up to him? How did they find him?
Anger burned in Azazel's stomach. Did you think he was so desperate? Did he think he would come crawling on his knees in gratitude? Do you have any other choice? whispered his inner voice, do you want to run away like a little child forever? Humiliated by his own knowledge of his hopeless situation, he gritted his teeth. He would never get help from them Accept people, this false, lying pack. You couldn't be trusted. Even if it meant escaping forever. The fire in his eyes flickered again and when he stared back at the man in front of him, all his blood drained from his head.
"My answer is no," he said in a tone that was nowhere near expressing his hatred and desire for retribution, and in a split second formed a long, incredibly pointed dagger from HIM. Full of cold and hatred, he thrust the gun into the man's right eye so that the tip came out of the back of the head and stuck in the masonry. The doctor was dead immediately. With a sharp jerk he pulled the blade out of his head and stood breathing heavily in front of his now dead tormentor. The lifeless body slid down into the untouched snow and fell to one side. He watched with fascination as blood and brain formed an ever larger pool and seeped into the virgin white.
But he didn't feel any better. What this man had done to him could not make up for any death in this world. It was too late for Azazel, and what was destroyed could never be repaired.
His mind began to surge and simmer, the waves crashing against the fragile outer shell that held his inside together. Long cracks formed and Azazel sank to her knees, gasping for air. His left hand clung to his chest, right over the spot where his heart was. Deep pain pervaded his body and he was unable to breathe.
All the memories of that time, which he had hidden so much from himself, crawled up in him with sharp claws, ever further, ever faster. They pulsed light and dark in his mind's eye and he was defenseless.
A scream rose inside him, made his way to the surface and Azazel welcomed him, as he distracted him from the cruel images. And he thundered out of him, shook the environment, left the people in the nearby town paused fearfully in their actions and made them aware of how little they controlled this world.
Azazel knew only the escape completely destroyed. With a single tear running down his cheek, he fluttered heavily and became one with the dark. But Azazel didn't notice the acne scarred face of a young man on the top of a pile of rubble in the shadow of the ruin, his gleaming eyes following him.
A piece of forest near Tallinn, Estonia, December 25, 6:44 a.m.
They found him in the middle of a snow-powdered clearing. Azazel sat totally still on a rock, staring at the thin layer of ice on the lake in front of him. He had put his hands in his lap and folded them. It almost looked like he was praying. But who would answer his prayers? Who would listen to their fears and worries? He had no one and at that moment this knowledge suddenly hurt.
There was no expression on his face when he heard the tramping some distance behind him. Amateurs. His bloodless lips twisted into a cheerless grin. Should they come? Should they take him with them? What did that change? It was too late.
A picture, no a memory, tried to slide in front of his inner eye, but he pushed it away with all his might. He had no past. He had no future. He was nothing. He had nothing. He didn't know anyone. He was nobody. Still, his thoughts didn't let him go.
Rags from before kept coming into his consciousness, but he ignored them and after a while they passed and disappeared into the fog, which had slowly stretched his fingers after him and wrapped himself around his mind. But it was not a good fog, no, not at all. It was damp and warm and he tightened himself around his soul until Azazel believed suffocates. But at the same time he couldn't lift a finger, even if he wanted to. He was frozen to stone.
People came closer and closer, he could already feel them. But he stayed there. Running away was pointless. Let yourself be captured too. His new friend was now indifferent.
"He's over there! Sighted target. It is in sight.
Await orders, ”the wind wore to Azazel's ear.
His grin faded and fell to the floor. He looked completely neutral into the distance and observed a slender falcon, which shot across the lake with powerful wing beats. It almost seemed to him that he was looking at Azazel. Inwardly he shrugged and stared blankly ahead.
"Move closes to the shot and numbs the target. Just stunning, understand? We need him alive! ”Came the answer. A snort escaped Azazel. As if he could die.
"Back me up," the first speaker hissed, and a soft crunch accompanied his way around Azazel. He was very close now, he could hear his breath.
The man circled Azazel and stopped diagonally to the right in front of him in a thick hedge. Even in the opposite direction, people spread out and laid on him. They formed a perfect semicircle around it. Azazel stopped thinking. It was empty. He was nobody. He was nothing.
As if tied to the invisible threads of a giant puppeteer, he got up and walked somehow sublime towards the lake. The clouds had been broken up for some time and cool moonlight shimmered in his white hair. He breathed in and out deeply. Again and again. Every time something of his innermost went out into the icy winter air until he was only an empty, fragile shell.
Gusts tugged on his coat and made his scarf flutter. Slowly he turned his head and found the eyes of the soldier crouched in the bushes. His eyes widened as Azazel elegantly moved towards him.
"Stand still! No movement or we have to shoot! ”A voice roared behind him, but it wasn't Azazel who was moving, it was his empty body.
His thoughts flickered incessantly like an outgoing fire, jumping here and there. Now the mercenary got to his feet and aimed his gun at Azazel's chest:
"Stand still! Not a step further! You are surrounded. Surrender! ”Azazel suddenly stopped.
"Hands over your head, wherever I can see them!"
Before he could react in any way, it cracked terribly loudly and someone stabbed a burning ax in his left shoulder. The pain was indescribable.
Liquid lava crept through his veins and burned him inside. With his mouth open for silent writing, he dropped to his knees and felt my right hand for his shoulder. His slender fingers clawed at a small syringe. What the hell was that stuff? Another roaring pain went through his back when someone shot him behind him and drove another load into him. He gritted his teeth and sank to one side in the snow. His breath came now only intermittently.
"Stunned target." His eyes wandered aimlessly and got stuck on the speaker for a few moments. He had a hand pressed to his ear and said:
"We take him into custody now and then return to them. Yes. Roger that. Is running."
Azazel's hands, which were balling up again, were brutally torn back and tied up. The world around him started pulsating, going on and off. No clear thought was possible anymore. His last look before the darkness overtook him was the soldier who had shot him first. The latter only blanched in the face of what he saw there.
The world was nothing but pure agony. Every breath, every movement, every thought hurt. The air was polluted soaked with poison.
"I can stop the pain," a voice whispered, tender and lovely like morning dew.
The prisoner opened his eyes and looked up. THE MAN wasn't there. But where did the voice come from? Biting pain crept into his eyes and he immediately squeezed them back together. A wailing cry escaped his raw throat. But it fizzled ineffectively. Nobody came to help him. Nobody cared about his suffering.
"Please," he whimpered, "Please. Stop it. Please. ”He would never have thought to say that once. But he would never have believed that such torments were possible.
"Then let's work together, stop tormenting yourself. Let go, my child, ”came the voice to him. He just nodded, again and again. With each inhalation, the gas penetrated deeper into his maltreated lungs. Each time, the top cell layer peeled off and passed. Blood seeped in and ran, slowly choking him.
But he knew he couldn't die. They could go on forever, he would never be saved. He would never feel the cool embrace of darkness. They didn't let him go. Not until they had what they wanted. But they didn't understand: he couldn't give it to them. He didn't know how he got it himself. He only knew that the pain would never end.
A hoarse cry rose from within, too high for human ears. But they felt him and their hearts beat faster.
Osmussaar Island, Estonia, December 25, 11:00 a.m.
A venomous snake stared at him as he opened his taped eyes. She flinched a single clear thought to Azazel, but a blink of an eye later he no longer knew. Looking coldly at the lamb like a tiger, she looked into his eyes. This time it was he who had to look away. Only a very oppressive feeling remained in his chest.
After blinking a little, he looked around again and got caught by a young woman in a smart trouser suit, who leaned casually against a metal table and eyed him curiously. She seemed familiar to him, but her tender face didn't really want to be assigned.
His head started to pound and instinctively he tried to massage his temple with his hand. But he didn't get very far. His hand couldn't be raised more than a hand's breadth, then a massive chain tugged at her. What…? Still slightly foggy from the injections, he wanted to sit up, but didn't come because of his bonds very far.
He let himself fall back stupidly. His eyes wandered aimlessly, brushing the young woman across from him again. Who…? But his thoughts drifted away from him as quickly as they appeared. His eyelids closed tiredly and it grew dark around him. He just wanted rest and sleep. Dream gently and never wake up again. Never see again, never feel again, and never suffer pain again. Be dead.
His breath was totally even, like clockwork the air flowed in and out of his lungs. The clatter of high heels muffled his brain.
"Was it maybe too much after all?" Asked a voice, smoky and soaked with something unknown. Was that ... worry ?! Breath in, breath out.
"No, as I have said to you three thousand times before: it's not so easy to kill. Something too much definitely doesn't matter. Now don't worry about your newest toy. It won't break, ”someone else replied, young and snappy. So well known, so familiar. Who was…?
Breath in, breath out.
"Now come and let's enjoy this special moment. Celebrate a bit! You're way too serious, ”said the young soprano.
"No, I ...", the rough voice started, but was interrupted heatedly:
"Tomorrow is also a day! Now come on, just this one time. If you don't want to, please do it to me for love. You also have to have fun sometimes, otherwise you forget what is really important. "
Breath in, breath out.
"No, I will not do that! You forget what is important! I can only have fun when I have what I want, when he laughs again and runs around like every child his age! I have no time, Susann. He dies and I am powerless. So go celebrate. Drink your pear. Have fun, but never tell me again what I have to do or leave! ”Came back hissed.
Breath in, breath out.
Clicking heels stormed past him and a fine breeze hovered over his face. Silence fell over Azazel and the quietly sighing young woman: "Well then." Quiet steps came to his ear as she stalked past him:
"I'll see you." A barely audible hiss sounded and her presence was gone.
Breath in, breath out.
Somewhere over Spain, December 26th, 8:56 a.m.
With a violent breath, he started from a swoon. What…? He frowned in confusion and tried to get up, but thick chains prevented him. How…? He now noticed that he was tied to a chair.
"Good morning," came a young voice next to him. He froze.
He knew that voice. A cold shiver ran down his back. No, it was impossible. She was dead. But all confusion and panic and a deep, peaceful emptiness suddenly disappeared filled him out. He was nothing. He was nobody. He no longer needed to be afraid.
His eyes wandered aimlessly through the room and got stuck on the speaker who was standing next to him. He stared blankly at her. She had a beautiful heart-shaped face from which two bright eyes looked at him curiously. But Azazel didn't recognize her.
"How are you?" Asked the human woman.
The words reached his ear, but they were not processed. They echoed in his head, overlapping each other and forming a discordant sound.
"You don't have to answer me if you don't want to. I understand that, ”she smiled indulgently at him. With gentle steps she moved around him a little until they were opposite each other:
“Soon someone will come who has been looking forward to meeting them for a long time. Please be nice to her, yes? Sometimes it can be a little ... exhausting. "
At that very moment it hissed from the right and Azazel automatically turned her head to see more. A smooth surface pushed to the side and another woman with an accurately cut, chin-length bob entered. Anxiety sprouted in his chest when he looked into her eyes. But the mist devoured every thought before it reached Azazel's consciousness.
The slightly older, newly arrived woman's lips twisted in a smile, but it did not reach her eyes. They glittered like icy diamonds.
"Good morning, Azazel," she said too.
Something in him scratched and twitched at the sound of her voice, but it had no chance of getting to Azazel. He turned his head back and looked straight ahead. He blinked only sporadically, breathing in and out. It was empty. The pounding of the women's hearts was the only sound in the room, except for the background of an incessant hum. The tension was palpable.
"Well, Azazel, as you may know, you are our guest until further notice. If you cooperate and answer our questions, nothing stands in the way of polite cooperation. It would be a shame to switch to uncomfortable methods, wouldn't it? With her opening with us they help to save the lives of millions of people and to improve many more. A really noble reason, isn't it? You are already a hero in my eyes. "
Azazel did not respond with a muscle to her little speech. He stared a hole in the smooth surface opposite him. The words entered the monotonous hum around him. He blinked.
"... and that's why we don't want to waste any time and start right away", the young woman intervened and gave the other a long, meaningful look. In response, she shrugged and pulled a block from the breast pocket of her knee-length, open coat.
"First we have to examine them a little. Did they understand that? We just take some blood from them, ”said the boy. He kept looking straight ahead at the wall. There was only a little noise around him. From the corner of his eye, he saw the older woman step back a bit and watch them both out of unfathomable eyes.
The younger human was digging a little behind him. He couldn't see it, it was out of his sight. And came back with two thin gloves over her hands. They snuggled up like a second skin. She was holding a flat metal bowl with a syringe and some cotton balls in it.
With an almost rapt smile she approached him and put a hand on the crook of his arm. With excited but practiced movements, she pierced his skin and punctured his vein. He barely noticed the gentle pain. He stared dully from himself. Nothing in his eyes indicated the fire and ice that had previously danced in them.
Deep black blood gradually filled the cavity of the syringe, so that it soon started a new one. But it did not happen because his dark lifeblood burned the metal cannula and it crumbled to dust. With her mouth open, the young woman stared at the disaster for a moment before slapping her face playfully:
"Crap, I forgot that. It's really embarrassing now. "
The other woman didn't look very amused and her face darkened somewhat. In the meantime the stab wound had healed again and disappeared without a trace. The boy started again and it worked better with a plastic cannula.
After five well-filled syringes it was over. While the woman who had tapped the blood was scurrying around, the one with the chin-length bob approached him slowly, step by step. Her icy eyes brushed his face and he shivered once. She stared into his eyes in silence, but he kept looking straight ahead. With an almost maternal movement, she took his face in her warm hands and gently turned his head towards her, forcing him to look at her. But he was nobody, he was nothing. And that was what she saw in his pale, blood-red eyes: emptiness. His mind was gone.
And yet Azazel felt something sneaking around, waiting for the right moment. What was it? He noticed how her hand clenched and pulled something out of her sleeve. He blinked and continued to look into her cold eyes. He felt a slight sting on his neck, but it disappeared as quickly as it had come. It didn't matter to him.
"What are you doing ?!", a young woman's voice called in panic, the hands from his face were roughly pulled away and were outside of his field of vision, "You know how dangerous it is! I told you a thousand times and you saw it yourself! "
"Look into his eyes," the older one asked the younger one.
"But you- "
"Look into his eyes and tell me what you see." Silence.
An exasperated sigh. His throat started to tingle.
"Well, but I don't know what that will bring ..."
"Look into his eyes!" Came the hiss now.
Steps. A beautiful, heart-shaped face appeared before him, staring at him with narrowed eyes and a frown. The fog in him grew thicker; he hadn't even noticed that he had thinned out. When...? But the thought was gone immediately. Azazel was gone. A little frustrated it turned away after a while and the pinned up hair was shaken.
"What did you see?" Asked the older voice. Somehow there was a lurking nuance in her voice.
"No idea what you're getting at, I-"
"What. Have. You. Seen, ”came back clearly angry this time.
"Nothing. No idea what you want, honestly. You're scaring me, Anjay. "
"There is nothing in these eyes, they are empty," answered the young woman.
"Yes and? As much stuff as we put into it, it is not surprising that it takes a few days for it to recover, ”she said.
"No, Susann. That's not it. You have never experienced it in the wild. That look that fire in him ... It doesn't go away from me nothing, nothing to you. Something has happened. Something so terrible that it even destroyed him here. "
"Now don't exaggerate, Anjay. How do you know…"
"While you were partying, I used the time to think." Silence answered her.
"Now that I didn't really know where to go with me, I went for a walk. And do you know who I met there? Exactly. Marcos. He wasn't at the party, did you know that? ”Silence.
“He was sitting in the consulting room, completely upset, staring out the window. I spoke to him, of course, because as his client I am responsible for him to a certain extent. And do you know why he was so weird? "
"No I do not know. Let me be part of your infinite wisdom, ”answered the younger as a sarcastic answer. Azazel blinked. “He could look him in the eye before the injections started to work. And he saw exactly the same thing as we did: nothing. Absolute emptiness. It is as if it were dead, the spirit gone. Only the body is still alive. "
"And what's so bad about it now?", The young woman wanted to know, "I mean, then it will make us much less problem. We have less staff to do for it, less money in security. It works with us and follows our instructions without hesitation. How the hell was that bad, let's say what you say is true ?! "
"No, no, you're right, but still ... It doesn't make me feel sad, but ... I don't know." There was a sigh.
"I had somehow prepared myself for the fight and now winning without a struggle seems strangely unsatisfactory to me. As if something crucial was missing. But you're right, it obviously makes everything a lot easier for us. ”Clicking paragraphs broke the silence of the room.
"We still have to be careful. Maybe everything is just played, it's very smart, Susann. But somehow I don’t think it’s fooling us. ”
"Come on Anjay, let's go. A meeting of the entire team is scheduled for half past nine, where you have to show how you proceed. We'll be late if we don't get going now! That would be very embarrassing, don't you think? ”, The name Susann said energetically and hurried past Azazel. She smiled encouragingly at the other woman and put a friendly hand on her shoulder:
"Don’t worry so much. It is here now and cannot go away. You won. ”The other one, Anjay, nodded thoughtfully and almost whispered:
"Yes you are right. As so often. "" I tell you. And now come! The others are already waiting, ”mocked the younger one and disappeared from the room. Azazel felt Anjay's cloudy look on him. He blinked.
"What destroyed you so?" She asked into the silence of the room and also went out.

Chapter 9
Unknown location, February 28, 2:30 p.m.
"So let's start." Clearing his throat.
"Um, well now. Her name is Azazel. Is that correct? ”He didn't respond. The words never came to him.
"Hi? Azazel? Can you hear me?"
He just blinked, inhaled and exhaled. Monotonous noise filled the air around him. The fog held him in his claws. Sigh. Rustling of clothes.
"It will not work like that."
Someone left the room. The beating of his heart filled his mind. A steady rhythm. He was nothing, he was nobody. He had no past and no future. He was the now.
"Azazel," came a voice. It sounded disappointed and somewhat reproachful, but still full of ... love? He winced involuntarily.
"You disappoint me." A little startled, he looked up.
She sat opposite him, her legs crossed elegantly. For the first time in - no idea, weeks, months, what did he know - they were alone, only two.
"To me you are like a lost child who has returned to his mother, did you know that?"
Confusion rose in Azazel and for a few moments pushed away the indifference that had wrapped around his mind. Child? Mother? She must have looked at his thoughts, for a gentle smile fell on her feminine lips:
"Of course you didn't know that. You are not at fault. You are so innocent, so pure, ”she leaned forward and put her warm hand on his shoulder. He was frozen and could only stare at her glowing eyes.
"Yes, Azazel, you are like a child to me. Lost in the vastness of this world. And I am your mother who takes you by the hand and shows you the way. "
Involuntarily, he nodded. He had lost the way. At the same moment he frowned. But where had he been going? What had brought him off the path? The mist crept up and stretched out his white fingers for him. But her voice came through to him:
"I just want to help and guide you. But for that you have to listen to me and trust me completely. Do you understand?"
He nodded hastily, eager for another word in her beautiful, rough voice. Without her he was nothing, he was nobody. Suddenly he realized that he didn't want to. He no longer wanted to be nobody, he wanted to be someone.
But who? Who had he been? Had he been anyone at all? He frowned thoughtfully. "Shhhhh," she whispered, stroking his cool cheek.
"Do not think. I'll lead you. ”Somehow relieved, he nodded.
"It's good that way," she smiled. He returned the smile, not realizing that it didn't reach her eyes. They were hard and cold like ice. He was someone new now, he was someone now. He was her child and she was his loving mother.
She pulled him into her arms and hugged him. Your presence was just overwhelming. He dropped and gave up any hidden resistance. She took care of him. These bad pictures of old Azazel could not harm him when she was with him. He was safe now.
"You are safe now. You no longer need to be afraid to him. I'll take care of you, ”she said softly to him.
Her voice vibrated in her chest cavity and mingled with the calming beating of her heart. It was kind of mesmerizing. A sharp pain ran through his biceps. He sobbed in shock, but she held him tightly in her arms.
"All is well. You're with me. And I will never let you go No way."
The room, March 1st, 1:03 p.m.
"Good morning, Azazel." Sitting up, dazed from the deep sleep he must have fallen into. He was on a bed.
Somewhat confused, he let his gaze wander through the new room that must have been taken to when he was sleeping.
"How did you sleep?" It was her voice.
She made herself comfortable on a chair that was placed right next to a gracefully curved table. He started to reply, but managed only a pitiful croak. What had happened to his voice?
"Don't worry, my child. You were silent for a long time.
You're just out of practice. "
She stood up lightly and sat down on the simple mattress next to him. For the first time in a while, he looked at her longer than just a few blink of an eye.
Her smooth, well-groomed bob had been cut slightly and now ended up just below her full, heart-shaped lips. Despite her age, she was still very beautiful and well trained. Her slim shape was strangely emphasized by the knee-length smock she was wearing all the time. She was very small, she only went up to Azazel's shoulder. It wasn't immediately apparent, but she was of Indian descent. He didn't know how he knew it, but he knew it. But the name Anjay war not very common either. He believed.
"Take a rest and settle in first. I'll come back to see you later, ”she said quietly, standing up. No, she couldn't leave him! He held her hand anxiously.
"Nnnnno. Stay ... please, ”he choked out. She gently released Azazel's clinging hand.
"No, my dear. I have to go. But I really promise you, I'll be back later. And then we can talk for a long time, okay? "
"No!" He said. She couldn't leave him alone now! These pictures, these cruel pictures of who he must have been, came crawling out of the black hole he had banished them to.
Hello Marzena, it whispered in his head, did you miss me? It was the doctor's voice.
"No no no!!! He comes again. It hurts me. Please ...! “, He sobbed and was frozen.
"No, Azazel, no," she scolded, "stop it!"
He watched her in panic as she left the room. Shortly before, she turned around again and looked at him for a long time. He tried to tell her that he needed her because all the words got stuck in his throat.
Do you want to know a secret Will you tell me yours when I tell you mine? it whispered around him. But they did not return his look, but looked at him coldly, almost disgustedly.
"You disappoint me. Yet again. I thought I could save you, but you didn't listen to me and you were naughty. Now I have to punish you It's your fault alone, my child. You hurt me with it, ”she said in a velvety voice and shook her head slightly.
Without looking back she went out. In horror his eyes stayed where she had left. What had he done wrong? His eyes wandered anxiously through the new room. He looked almost exactly like the first one, where he must have spent the past few months, even if he could only vaguely remember it. It was before she took care of him.
A floor-covering box with a mattress, but without a blanket and pillow, an elegantly curved table with two chairs and nothing else, just empty. The corner farthest from him was separated from two walls and contained a bath. Besides 
Azazel noticed some bumps in the wall. He eyed her thoughtfully for a few seconds. He sensed that they had a meaning, but he didn't think of what it was. With a slight shake of the head, he pulled himself out of brooding.
He should think about what he had done to upset her. Was it his fear? In front of the man, the doctor? As if on orders, the memories came crawling again.
"How are we today?"
"Hmmmpf. Hmmmm! "
"You don't have to answer if you don't want to."
"Hmmmm."
"Or can. Worries without a larynx, don't you think? "
"Grrrrhhh."
"Interesting."
No, no ... Azazel tried desperately to suppress sobs, which he did more than badly. The wall swayed gently, as if bumped by the summer wind. What, she was rocking ?! Before he could think ahead, metallic whirring filled the room. He jumped up in panic and stood trembling in the middle of the room. He looked around with jerky movements. No one shot him, he understood after a while. The noise continued, but now he could locate the source of the noise. He looked up. And understood why the walls had moved.
Countless thumb-thick threads were stretched over the masonry that now pushed aside and bright sunlight fell. Terror crept coldly over his soul. So that was what she meant by punishment.
His uncovered skin - after all, he was only wearing a T-shirt - on his arms and his face was starting to tingle slightly. Panicked, he looked for a shady hiding place, but even in the bathroom and there was sun under the table. There had to be something! The tingling gave way to an uncomfortable burning sensation and his skin turned very red. He couldn't think clearly of fear. Shivering, he crawled against the wall with his back and wrapped himself in his big wings. But it didn't help long.
Disgusting sunlight seeped through cracks and cracks, and his red skin began to blister. How did she get it out? The pain crept through him and gnawed at every turn of his brain. He was becoming unbearable and a slight whimper escaped his throat.
Azazel felt scraps of skin loosen and slide off. They hit the floor with a nauseating splash. But the worst thing was, he suddenly remembered that he would not lose consciousness, even if the agony grew immeasurably and there was no end in sight. Because he had something like that Already gone through that, Azazel knew crystal clear. But where this knowledge came from, he couldn't (and didn't want) to know exactly.
The room, March 1st, 6:59 p.m.
Every breath becomes a pain when the airways are seared. Azazel breathed in a mouthful of breath, summarizing his thoughts. His entire body was on fire and all he felt was pain. Even lying on the wonderfully cool floor hurt incredibly. Every single cell was pure agony.
Why was she doing this to him? What had he done? Had fear? But that was normal ... wasn't it? Even for someone like him. Fear was a natural thing. No, he called himself to order, it had been him, and it had been his fault. He hadn't listened to her, he had disappointed her and caused her grief. He felt guilty, and yet somehow - detached. That was the right word. Something that held him slowly let him go. But what? Something twisted and crawled under his skin, added to him but strangely no torments too. What was it? What was he
A strange sound came through the curtain of pain around his mind. It repeated itself in more or less regular intervals. It seemed so familiar to him. Tip tap. Tip tap. Tip tip tap. Tap. Tap. Tip tap. His paralyzed mind struggled to analyze what he heard. There! Those were breaths of one, wrongly several people, very close to him. Right next to him, actually. There! A pounding of a heart - a pulse - and a presence of a body. What did people do in his cell? Then that must have been the sound of her footsteps earlier. Did you know that he was not passed out? Or did they think they had sizzled him into a coma?
"But that's pretty over there," a deep male voice remarked roughly and rough laughter burst out around him.
"A bit like in this film, what was his name? My father saw it as a child and thought it was so incredibly great that he had to show it to me. Hmmmm. Oh yes Terminator was the thing. Only without metal. Pretty bad effects, but it's also really old, you have to consider. ”
What was that stuff again? The finisher? If not everything hurt him so terribly, he would roll his eyes and snort in annoyance. How they annoyed him.
Azazel was roughly gripped by several hands and balanced on something hard, metallic. He screamed in agony inside, but his totally burned body made no reaction come out. Sobbing in his mind, he felt his stretcher lift up and they carried him out of the room. A cool breeze caressed his skinless face, causing him untold pain again. Something was different about him, he knew that in some strange way. Only what?
"Put it on here," ordered a woman's bright voice. He shivered inwardly. He knew that voice. He had heard it before. In an earlier life.
Wouldn't it be faster and easier if we got it out of a coma - at least briefly - and questioned it?
His heart started to beat faster.
Susann?
Panic rose in him and horror seized him.
Why not? You have to be open to new things. Your methods may have worked in the past, but now is the time to go one step further.
It was the woman. He knew her. From the past. There was an earlier.
His pulse was racing (by his standards). He thought he remembered vaguely. That is exactly why we have to wake it up.
After so long it will cooperate. I studied psychology on the side for years and worked with hundreds of patients. I know how people work.
Why hadn't it been clearer to him? What had clouded his mind? He had been so blind. He felt as if he had woken up after a long sleep.
His body was put down with a thud and Azazel gritted his teeth internally. It wasn't a sack of coal, when did they finally understand? Several people left the room. A fine, soft voice in him whispered to him that he had to pull himself up and should flee. But what if he didn't have a functioning body? He had to see something. But without eyes? In it began to paw and wriggle again. What the…? The thought slowly crept into his mind. Someone was still alive in him. Something very old, strange.
A person approached his face, he felt her breath on his exposed muscles. For a long time there was nothing to be heard other than the even breaths of several people and the rustling of paper that was written on.
“The healing process is unusually slow. Some subcutaneous tissue has only formed in a few places, ”a smoky voice broke the silence.
Azazel paled inwardly. They. Fear by flooded him. Not her.
No no no…
"Do you have an explanation, Anjay?" Asked Earlier.
"No, not so straightforward. But I'm not an expert either. You have known it for a longer time than me and you have all the investigations so far in mind. "
"Right. But our knowledge is still very poor. It is just so completely different from the human body, it has completely different chemical complexes and protein structures. It is out of this world. It is so different, so new, so exciting. I'm sorry, sometimes I'm a little too enthusiastic, ”answered the lighter voice with a slight giggle.
"It's okay. I am also happy about any progress. Just let's stay professional now. It is not over yet. "
"Yes, yes, you're right."
“We haven't paid so much attention to this phenomenon yet. But what we do know is- ”a hiss interrupted her and another person entered the room.
"Good evening, ladies," came a melodious male voice that Azazel didn't know, "didn't you miss me?"
"No, to be honest, not." Silence and breath.
"Of course that was just a joke. Come and see that. "
He felt like a lifeless object. Somehow he should be familiar with this feeling, but it still hurt. Footsteps approached him and a second person leaned down to him.
"So what do you say, Mr. Sanchez?" She asked coldly. Azazel shivered again. He didn't want to hear that voice anymore, he just couldn't stand it anymore.
"Looks like a charred roast," was commented expertly.
So a roll roasts. A roll roast. A crappy ROLLER. In doing so, he had secured a ticket to one of the top three on Azazel's imaginary list of those he would particularly cruelly kill.
"Very funny," came it icy from her, while only a giggle could be heard from the other direction.
"Well, if it's true ?!" She let out a snort.
"Well, whatever you want. I've never seen anything like it. Such burns are not possible, not without fire. But considering the fact that with this one, "he patted Azazel on the shoulder in friendship," next to nothing is unthinkable - "Now he was in second place. He took a few steps around Azazel's burned body. "- I simply suspect that the UV radiation in sunlight is too high for the skin of this crispy ... thing."
He paused theatrically and Azazel wanted to crush his eyes like putrid grapes, but he had no body at the moment.
"Get to the point!" She interjected with an annoyed undertone.
"So you suspect-", heels clacking across the floor, "- that the skin of the individual has no protection against UV radiation and that's why it is, um, well, I don't really know what I call it should ... “Silence. Then a breath: "Um, this extreme sunburn has come?" The younger woman switched on.
"Exactly," the man agreed with a smile in his voice. Hm. That wasn't exactly new to Azazel. Who cared why it was like that? You could also just do it accept. But that's not how people were.
"But why is it like that? Why doesn't it have any protection against sunlight? That is the more exciting question for me, ”the man continued to speculate.
"Honestly, I don't know. It doesn't matter at all, it is not a priority. You know what we're looking for. And only that is important, did you understand? “, She icily stopped the little one
Speech, "Ms. Black, restore it and have it brought back. Tomorrow it has to be fully functional again. "
"Getting done, Ms. Akthar," answered the girl named Susann Black. Clacking steps moved away, but still remained:
"And you Mr. Sanchez, you will write a report on this. Tomorrow morning until eight I want to see him on my table. Goodbye, ”she ordered and left the room. There was a brief silence over the scenery.
"Oh yes, our boss. As lovely as ever, ”the man said dryly, and with it he suppressed laughter from his colleague.
"Come on, let's get started," she said, and footsteps sounded
"The earlier we finish, the better."
"Okay," the Sanchez growled in agreement and the table on which he was lying was roughly pushed and Azazel gritted his teeth internally as a new dimension of pain opened up. Where did the trip go?
Unknown location, March 1st, 7:28 p.m.
Azazel no longer had a sense of time, everything merged, and it flowed past him. But he needed to regain his strength. And then flee. Because he knew with frightening accuracy that if he stayed longer, he would no longer be himself. It became increasingly clear to him that she was using her network around her n spun and pulled him ever deeper into the abyss of her mind. Who knew what was lurking there? He changed. But it was not a good thing.
He was suddenly stopped and a new wave of torment poured out on him. Why couldn't they be a little more careful, just is a little bit more considerate? It was not a potato sack that could be dragged around at will.
"I'm going to change my clothes. Prepare everything, ”the man said to the woman and his presence weakened, until she finally disappeared from his surroundings.
"Oh yes," she sighed and got to work.
Rattling and jerking filled the air around Azazel. Something was pushed next to the stretcher on which he was lying. Discomfort rose in his chest. What were they up to? He was completely defenseless against them. He didn't like that at all.
His shirt and pants were cut open and surprisingly gently removed. He was lying there now with only his underpants on, and surprisingly it made him feel a little like a shame. But he immediately called himself back to order. For these people, it was nothing more than a crude experiment, a test animal, an object that you didn't have to treat as something thinking and feeling. And they must have seen him wrapped in less fabric. How humiliating.
"Here I am again", it sounded happily near his feet.
The man was back.
"Sexy as always," answered a laugh.
"Who wouldn't look great in something like that. It's so flattering and elegant, ”joked back.
More annoyed than angry, Azazel tried to grind his teeth, but his muscles (or what was left of them) couldn't move an inch. It was desperate. When he was finally released from this involuntary rigidity?
"So then," said the man and nimble steps went away.
Now there were only two of them left.
Something rustled and cracked, but nothing happened. The tension was almost palpable. Something started humming fine. Fear shot up in him. What were they doing to him now? Did they saw up his skull? Did they take out his organs? Did they amputate one of his limbs? They had done all of this before and he had been fully conscious, just like now.
The fear became more and more bottomless panic and he struggled and wriggled for control over his body. It couldn't be happening again. Something cool and damp lay on his like a fine veil bare body and took his torment and fear a little. What…?
Tingling force made its way through his veins like condensed water, swelled up to a torrent. Electric shocks whipped through him, leaving pain, but it was good pain. He showed Azazel that he was alive.
Something very old rose deep inside and boiled from the deep ravine in which it had been trapped. In one fell swoop he realized everything he had lost. He was it. His companion. How could he have forgotten him? What had she separated? Azazel felt that HE was spreading tentatively in him again, as if he was afraid of something.
A monotonous beep sounded in the distance. But a tearing pain suddenly stopped him from thinking. Gasping, he opened his eyes and shot up. He saw everything twice and three times. Where…? What…? He hissed in the wonderfully icy air and cooled his heated mind. His heartbeat normalized and his vision slowly cleared. A misshapen creature stood before him, it had neither a face nor eyes. Startled, it flinched. Was he afraid of him? An epic headache set in and Azazel narrowed his eyes.
What had happened to him? Shaking, he raised his hands to his face. They were almost completely healed, only here and there were still gashes. How was that possible? He was completely burned. It would have taken weeks to recover. Even he couldn't do it quickly. But then he noticed something else. There was sticky blood on his hands. They were covered all over. But where did it come from?
"Amazing, isn't it?" A well-known male voice cut through the silence of the room.
The headache flared up again immediately and he unconsciously touched his temple.
It came from the being. The man had to be in it. Had it eaten him? Then why did it have its voice? It raised its arms and Azazel jerked back, startled.
"Alright, well, everything is okay," came out of this thing again.
The arms grabbed the monster's head and lifted it off his shoulders. Azazel could only stare in amazement. What was that?! The head of a man in his thirties came out. Huh? So was it just a disguise? But why? To kill him stretches? To hide from Azazel's gaze? Then he had just wiped it out.
"This is just a protective suit. Everything is fine, ”he said reassuringly and walked towards Azazel.
“We have never been introduced to each other. I am Alexis Sanchez and you are just amazing. “, The man grinned cheekily at him.
With a surprisingly light-footed and fluid movement for someone who had lost almost a hundred percent of their skin, Azazel jumped at the worm's throat. His eyes widened, but before he could react, Azazel's fingers closed like a vise and he pressed the man against the next best wall. Hissing, Azazel breathed in and out, bringing his face very close to that of man. This winced at the slightest jerk in Azazel's facial expressions.
"Never be disrespectful to me again, did you understand that? I can hurt you as much as you cannot even imagine in your darkest nightmares, ”he whispered to the panicked person. The latter nodded hastily and squirmed in Azazel's grip.
"Remember that, man," he spat. He suddenly let go of the man's throat and he fell like a pile of rags. Azazel took a few steps back. Taking a deep breath, the man knelt on the floor and looked up again after a few seconds. But in his eyes there was no fear. Azazel frowned in confusion. It was unusual.
"No, my dear," answered the man with a malicious smile and stood up a bit swaying, "Here is our kingdom. Here is their law. Here you are weak and we are strong. "
He wiped his bloody lip, which he must have contracted when he fell, and moved very close to Azazel. They were exactly the same size so they could look each other in the eye.
"And I see no reason to show you anything like respect. You have started so many sins, now you are where beings like you belong. And believe me, "he gestured around her," was just the beginning. Welcome to hell. ”, He laughed, pulled his arm up, which he had hidden behind his back, and wanted to ram an injection into his chest.
Only centuries of experience saved Azazel from doing so, just in time for raising his arms and fending off the syringe. She flew away with a fine piling and clattered to the ground. Azazel jumped back several steps. He staggered to a halt. He couldn't fight, Azazel was only too aware of that, he was too weak. And HE too. But he didn't want to give up either.
The man slowly crept up to him with a new syringe in hand. Where did he get it from ?! What was in it? Somehow he wasn't very keen to find out.
"What's going on here ?!", her voice cracked over the two like a whip.
They winced synchronously and looked at the door. With
petrified face, she managed to look at the two fighters in a strange way. Azazel shivered and immediately looked down. It was right back - the fear, deeply rooted in him, and he couldn't help it. Relentlessly, she put her hands around his mind.
"It - he - attacked me! I had to fight back! “, The man defended himself loudly and gave Azazel a poisonous look.
This had started to tremble. She would punish him again, he just knew. He was frozen. And this time the punishment would be even more gruesome than the first. Tears started to fill his eyes, but he still controlled himself. He had to be brave, he had rocked it all in himself.
"Out," she hissed softly.
"But-" the man ventured to speak again, but was interrupted by an icy look.
Snorting, he looked at her first, then at Azazel, and stormed out, not without bumping him hard. Azazel barely noticed it, he was too caught up in his all-consuming fear. It was dead silent. After what felt like an eternity, clacking steps drove the silence of the room.
"Azazel, my child. You disappoint me. Again, ”she said softly and in a lovely voice, but nevertheless Azazel jumped and his tremor intensified.
He wanted to argue, to tell her that it had never been his intention, that he was a good, obedient child, but he knew it would be a lie. He had disappointed her, her trust, the love she had put in him. He deserved to be punished.
"Do you realize that I can't take it like that? I
must punish you again It is not easy for me, "she continued and put her little hands on his blood-smeared cheeks and forced him to look at her," Why are you doing this to me? "
Her glittering eyes caught his fuzz a glance so that he barely noticed the slight prick on the back of his neck. Shivering, he opened his mouth to tell her how sorry he was, how embarrassed he was to disappoint her that he would never try that again. But there was no sound from his lips. She raised an eyebrow. His neck started ominously tingling and suddenly he had to suppress the urge to run away screaming.
"You can speak to me, I trust you and you trust me. It should be so. But I have a feeling it's not like that. Why don't you trust me, your mother? You know how much it hurts me, ”she said sadly, pulling her hands away from him. Azazel felt miserable. How could he have been so cruel to her? What had he done? But at the same time, his thoughts confused him. Since when was he so emotionally influenced by a person, a person at that?
"But punishment must be, my child."
Panic gripped his heart. The familiar mist stretched out his pale fingers, almost touching Azazel. Breathing violently, he watched her lock the door and walk unbearably slowly to a closet attached to the wall. His eyes started to water more violently again, now he couldn't hold back. They ran cold over his petrified face and left white traces of dried blood on him. His surroundings were suddenly subdued, as if the glasses were taken from him, through which he could see everything sharply.
With a sad expression on her face, she came back with a tiny bottle in her hands. What was she up to? She carefully put the fragile jar down on the table next to her and looked up at Azazel.
"But I know that deep inside you has an injured,
lost child that only yearns for love and support. That's why I offer you one last chance. Don't disappoint me again, Azazel, please, ”the woman broke the silence that had spread in the room.
He nodded hastily. He would prove worthy of her. He would show his unconditional love and deep loyalty. He owed her. She smiled kindly at him, pleased with his reaction.
"Drink this. Everything," she asked him. Now more confused than afraid, he looked back and forth between her and the bottle.
"I don't really understand ..." he started, but she did interrupted him in a soft voice:
"You do not have to. Just do it. Drink it down to the last drop. Show me your love. "
With a queasy feeling in his stomach, he reached for the mysterious bottle. His mind kept disappearing into the haze of the fog. Then he understood: No matter what would happen now, no matter what pain he would suffer, it would be with him and protect him. Like a mother always did for her children.
Relieved to understand this important thought, he looked down at the small bottle in his hand and pressed his lips together resolutely. He had to do it for her. It was unimportant, only their well-being counted. And if his punishment was part of it, he would accept it without complaint. The main thing was that she was happy.
With surprisingly calm movements, he opened the screw cap of the jar and placed it on his lips. Without hesitation he took a long sip. Azazel felt her proud look on him, but it did nothing to relieve the pain that was now blazing brightly.
His entire mouth seemed to be on fire and his throat was burned. And yet he took another sip and emptied the bottle. The liquid ran into his stomach like boiling bad luck, causing him to crumble in agony. The bottle crashed to the floor and shattered into thousands of pieces. It hurt so much. His stomach dissolved and everything poured out into his abdominal cavity. And with that began a new era of suffering.
Gasping, he knelt on the floor in front of her and held on to the edge of the table with one hand more than badly. His eyes were tight with concentration. He wasn't allowed to scream. He wasn't allowed to scream. Don't scream, don't scream, it pounded in his head, no other thought could break that pulse. He bit his full lips hard.
His small intestine also said goodbye with a disgusting Ritsch and it didn't look much better with his colon. Azazel had to choke. It rumbled in his body and viscous blood made its way out. Black blood interspersed with things that were never supposed to see the light of the world poured out of his mouth and flowed down him in disgusting warmth.
He looked up at her with wide eyes. He couldn't stand this agony anymore. Her smiling look met his and he had to choke again. A new gush landed on the floor and colored it dark. Azazel's lungs began to burn too much for publishers. He had completely forgotten to breathe.
He gasped in the wonderfully cool air and had to cough.
However, caustic poison got into his lungs and a shiver ran through him. Layer by layer, with every breath, came off dead and glued the remaining caves. He could hardly breathe and the space around him disappeared.
"Are you proud of me now?" Azazel whispered with his last remaining strength and this question became the center of his world. Are you proud of me? Proud? On me? His hazy eyes stuck to her sparkling eyes. He never had noticed how beautiful they were.
"Yes I am I, Azazel, ”got through to him before darkness seized his mind and the torments disappeared.

Chapter 10
The room, June 26, 12:44 p.m.
The mattress felt soft under Azazel's fingers. His finger ran along her in ever widening circles. He was bored. There was nothing to do. He had been alone for several days (he no longer knew how many, after two he had forgotten to continue counting). Nobody came to visit him. Nobody he wanted to see. He sighed softly, sat up and pulled his knees up to his chest.
Now his fingers fumbled with the bracelet she had given him. It was kept simple and yet it looked timelessly elegant. Both men and women could have worn it. It was just perfect for Azazel. It was shaped like a snake biting its own tail and nestled close to his skin, but it didn't constrict him. Each scale was worked as a single movable plate, so that the piece of jewelry followed all of its movements.
His back cracked loudly at the change of position and he closed his eyes.
What had he done wrong? He had shouted the truth in her face more than once, but she had only looked at him coldly. She hadn't believed him. Did he upset her so much? He thought back to the past few months.
At first he had struggled a bit and strangely
bristled, but why couldn't he say now? She had shown him the right way, given him support and a direction in which to go. He was so thankful to her. He smiled fine at the thought of her happy laugh. He wanted to make her happy.
But he, that other man, Sanchez - Azazel spat inside
out - wanted to destroy everything. He was jealous of him and his wife's mother. He wanted to take his old place by her side from which Azazel had ousted him. And so he sabotaged all advances between them, trying to squeeze between them to separate them. So far, to no avail, but it would only be a matter of time before she turned away from him and someone new took his place. He could hardly bear the thought of it. But Azazel would never allow that. He only had her and nobody would take her away from him.
A hiss announced the arrival of a person. Delighted to escape his boredom for a few moments, he turned. Maybe it was even her. The fine threads - made of pure silver, as he had painfully found out - left a narrow passage next to the wall against which the bed stood, on which a chair was placed. But every joy went out of Azazel's face when he saw who was approaching him. Annoyed, he rolled his eyes and turned back.
Why did he have to come of all places? That cheeky grin. How he hated it. He wanted to see him least of all. But that was to be expected. He had come every day so far and had wasted most of the time he was with Azazel making fun of him and teasing him.
So far without success, but even Azazel did not know when the explosion would occur. Only there were caustic threads between them and he had no way of getting past them. This also has been good. Not for Azazel, but for Alexis Sanchez, who, unusually cheerful, did not sit down in the chair this time, but stopped next to it.
"What do you want?" Azazel sighed exasperated without turning around again. This maggot did not deserve so much politeness.
"I am also happy to see you. I'm fine, thanks for asking, ”the man elegantly ignored the gruff question,
"I should send you my best regards from the boss."
Azazel jumped up suddenly and came as close to the silver threads as he dared and was now on one with the little man Eye level. He only smiled thinly:
"I knew it caught your attention. In the end, every dog ​​longs for his master. ”Azazel's face remained cold, only his eyes began to flash. Those who knew him better knew that this was the best time to look as far as possible.
"Don't you dare fool me, man," Azazel hissed, but the man just laughed cheerfully:
"What can you do to me? You're trapped in there not me. I can move freely around here and walk wherever I want. What did you want to say again? "
He dared to grin cheekily in Azazel's face again. His hands clenched into fists, he would like to put them around the neck of this ridiculous creature and only release them when the body had stopped twitching. But he was powerless.
"And besides, wouldn't our boss be very pleased about it? Do you remember the last time you threatened me? Do you want it to happen again? ”Azazel gritted his teeth angrily, but he knew he was I inferior in the moment.
This man had managed to fool him. He had opened the door of his prison and told him that she had planned something for him and that he had to go to her quickly. At this point he should have been suspicious, but he had been blind. He had longed for her, she hadn't visited him for several days. Of course he had hurried to get to her, only that the man would have triggered the alarm shortly afterwards, he could hardly have guessed. It looked like an attempt to escape on his part and in his anger he had attacked the one who got it into him.
He hadn't had time to clear up the mistake, but the guards who were called in had chased him three or four cans of his "sedative" straight away. The pain had been ridiculous against the punishment. He hadn't seen her since. That was the real punishment for him been. But he had learned his lesson and so he controlled himself and swallowed the poisonous reply that was on his tongue.
With a zest he turned away from the man and took a few steps into the empty room next to his bed. His white, loose hair flew through the air. With her lips pressed together, Azazel watched the thread waving on the wall.
"Is there anything else you want to get rid of or have you just come to humiliate me?" He asked dryly, following his movements with his eyes.
"No, not only, although that is the largest part of my intention, which is why I went to you", steps came quietly to Azazel's sensitive ears, "Our boss wants me to guide you to her. It has something for you as ... reward for the past few days. She seems to be taken with you somehow. I still ask myself why. ”The person addressed turned gruffly and sent angry looks to the person opposite him. How stupid did you think he was?
"It is almost exactly the same thing you said to me last time and you will surely remember how it turned out for me. Then you can certainly understand that I have some concerns now, ”Azazel replied smoothly. The man smiled ominously:
"I can well imagine. But this time it really comes from her. You can believe me. ”Azazel only raised an eyebrow and his entire expression more than made it clear that he didn't believe the man at all.
"All right. As you wish. Then I'll go and tell you you’re reluctance to obey your orders, ”Sanchez sighed and turned to go.
Azazel froze. He couldn't let that happen. But on the other hand, he couldn't give a word about this toad, he'd duped him before. He was literally in a fix. He chewed nervously on his lower lip. It didn't matter how he chose, at the end of every turn there was pain and suffering. Frustrated, he made a decision.
"What can you give me as evidence? Why should I believe them? ”He asked quietly into the room. It was so humiliating. He gritted his teeth tightly. But he had to go through there now. The man snorted amused and turned back to Azazel:
"I cannot do that. I can only remind you of what you saw. ”And then he was outside and left him speechless.
What was that supposed to mean? Couldn't he even express himself understandably instead of making mysterious? With a fine whirring, a few silver threads pulled away from the wall next to the bathroom, opening up a passage for Azazel. But the gate did not lead to freedom, he knew that too well by now. Behind this gate, only torture and cruelty awaited him. And you.
And yet the desire to escape from this monotonous prison - even if only for a few minutes - did not give way. There was nothing in here. There were opportunities out there. He stood indecisively in the room and stared at the invitingly open door. He had to choose.
"I can only remind you of what you saw."
Hm. What should that mean? Azazel closed his eyes and recalled every little detail. His eyes twitched under his closed lids as he searched every picture. Something had to be hidden somewhere! Did he mean something in Azazel's past? Or was that just another trick to bring him back to a painful punishment? What had he done to man that he loathed him so much? Azazel grimaced as if he had bitten something bitter. He had to ask him that occasionally.
Chewing on the lip, he moved cautiously toward the open gate. He was so focused that he winced at the sound of her voice.
"Azazel, what are you waiting for? Come on, me want to show you something. "
He looked up with a violent heart. She stood just behind the opening and looked at him curiously. Her hand was put out invitingly and urged him to cross the threshold. Happy that the decision had been taken from him, he hurried to her and smiled at her.
In a not uncomfortable silence, they walked down a bare hall. Azazel felt liberated in her presence. Every worry faded and deep calm pervaded his otherwise agitated mind. He enjoyed standing next to her, feeling her warmth and hearing her speaks. She never treated him disrespectfully, but loved him despite what he had done to her in the past. How he was ashamed of it now. He would have come to her much earlier if He had not prevented him.
After Azazel told her about HIM, his companion, everything had become clear to her and she had told him why he had always behaved so badly. He was his old personality, the animal side of him. She had suppressed him, the real Azazel. But thanks to the medication, the daily injection, they got a grip on that too.
Everything could be so wonderful if it weren't for his rival waiting for her after a bend. When he saw Azazel so freely and without a protective grille in front of him, he pressed his lips together so that there was not even a thin line left. She and Azazel stepped past him, but Azazel couldn't control himself and smiled at him. He knew how childish it looked, but didn't all children stay at the heart of their hearts? It might seem like a friendly nod to the outside observer, but they both knew the real, hidden meaning. I am with her and you are not.
A huge double door piled up in front of them and the three stopped. Azazel looked around with a very giddy curiosity. Everything was better than being locked up in the cell alone. But he was patient and clasped his hands behind his back. If she didn't like something, act hastily.
His eyes slid back to the portal by themselves. He took a step closer. What was behind it? His "reward" for having been with the troll for several days without killing him or himself? Hopefully. He groaned after her approval.
"Do you really think that's a good idea?" Sanchez whispered behind him to Anjay Akthar, "It fools you, believe me!"
They forgot his superhuman senses again. But he forgave her. Why not? But it annoyed him that Sanchez was trying again to separate them and undermine their trust. Azazel just pretended not to hear her.
"No, it doesn't. Do you have some trust ",
she spoke coolly, and a snort answered her. Azazel smiled proudly. He had proven worthy of their trust.
Soft footsteps sounded behind him and he turned.
Sanchez approached Azazel with a badly hidden, pinched expression and glared at him. He pretended not to notice and smiled friendly. There was no reason to be rude, at least not before their eyes.
The man got something out of his pocket and held it to the doorknob. There was a soft beep and he turned the knob. He stepped aside and glowered at Azazel and his boss. The latter just nodded and started to move. Azazel hurried to follow her.
The two door wings pushed themselves to the side and she entered. How ...? He started, but the thought broke off immediately. First, it was unimportant, and second, he most likely wouldn't understand the explanation either. So he followed her silently, but not to cast suspicious glances at the door.
Azazel suddenly froze and Sanchez barely managed to prevent him from running into him. The angry grumble behind him took little more than Azazel 
Whisper true. He was captivated by the sight that came before him.
A huge hall opened in front of him. It was very high, the ceiling hovered more than a hundred meters above their heads. And it was completely empty. But that was not what made Azazel shiver with joy. It was the opportunity that presented itself to him. To do what nature intended him to do: to fly.
Only now did he realize that he hadn't been up in the air for months. He had forgotten what the wind felt like on his cheeks. He had forgotten how his wings carried him higher and further away from people and his worries. He had forgotten how good it felt to contract and stretch his muscles. He had simply forgotten about it.
Icy wind whipped him a few bright strands on his face that had been stolen from his braid. They tickled and he had to smile. An electric feeling pervaded him as he hugged his huge wings very close to his body and let himself fall. The huge masses of air hissed past him as he shot towards the earth faster and faster. He closed his eyes with gusto and banished every thought from his head. It was just the air and he. As always.
He inhaled the cool air deeply and let himself be completely filled in by its intoxicating clarity. She was his favorite companion, wild and untamable, but that was how he loved her. Who needed a tame, mild breeze if they could feel the overwhelming force of the storm around them? He feared her relentlessness, but her indifference attracted him like a moth to the light. She didn't care who he was, what he had done, what he looked like. He could take off every mask in the presence of his beloved and show his true face to the world, he had nothing to hide.
A hard gust hit his side and he spun on his own axis. It was time. With a jerk he opened his wings covered with gray veins and a hard push slowed him down from free fall. He punched his wings vigorously to keep his balance. With a soft crunch he came up on the bare tree that graced the top of the mountain. He swayed a little under his weight, but endured without wailing.
Deep peace pervaded him and enveloped him in a gentle aura as he let his gaze wander over his realm. There were no people here, there was only him and nature. With a rough croak, Munin landed on his shoulder and thoughtfully scratched the raven's jet-black plumage as he stared at the horizon. The sun would soon rise.
There was a subtle feeling in his stomach, but Azazel ignored it. He quickly pushed away the image, which was pushed into his inner eye without being asked. He was new now. He looked over at her, trembling with excitement. Would she allow him ...?
She eyed him around the corner of her mouth with an unfathomable smile, but remained silent on his questioning look. He was getting nervous. His eyes flickered to Sanchez, who was waiting behind her. When he felt Azazel's eyes on him, he just smirked back. He took a deep breath to calm down a bit. It did not help.
The silence had been going on for several minutes now. Trying to control himself, he bit his lip and looked down. But he couldn't and didn't want to keep himself under control. Azazel didn't like what was coming, but his growing desire had to be satisfied.
"Allow ...?" He started, but he stopped in the middle of the sentence when she smiled at him.
Something was wrong with that smile, there was something dark in it that would bite his fingers if he should try to drag it into the light. She was still shaking her head, smiling.
"No," was all she said. All hope left Azazel.
What did she mean? Why did she do this to him? Didn't she know how important that was to him?
His expression must have spoken volumes, because he heard Sanchez's badly hidden giggle. Did he have anything to do with it? Petrified, Azazel turned and looked at him. He stared back, grinning cheekily.
"No, Mr. Sanchez has nothing to do with this decision. It was you who liked her, ”she broke the silence that had laid over the three like a blanket.
He looked at her with wide eyes. What did she mean? Should he be responsible for this decision? As the? She let out an indignant scowl and frowned:
"Don't you remember? Did you forget it so quickly? "
What should he no longer know? He had absolutely no idea what she meant. Disappointed, she shook her head and turned away from him. In one fell swoop Azazel felt guilty. What was he doing to her? She didn't deserve that. He was ashamed of himself.
"I'm sorry," he managed to whisper, half breath and looked down.
He wasn't worthy of her, he probably never would be. And that thought made him despair. What was he doing here? He should be in his cell, where he belongs.
"You must never forget Azazel," she said, walking towards him, "that you hurt me so much in the beginning. You hurt me very much with your unruly behavior. I forgave you, but you have to earn my trust. You have disappointed me before. "
Her hand felt warm on his cheek. He continued studying the floor and didn't dare look her in the eye.
"You will only be allowed to fly if I allow you to." He nodded barely. Hart grabbed her hand his chin and forced Azazel to look at her.
"Did you understand that?" She asked coldly. He nodded trembling and said it:
"Yes I have."
"Good," she said again, smiling. Azazel shivered.
But her word was law. She turned on her heel and headed for the exit. Sanchez hurried to follow her. Only Azazel stood petrified and from his look, which he threw into the vastness of the hall, spoke the pure longing. And sadness.
"Azazel?" It sounded from a distance and he had to laboriously hold back the tears in his eyes.
With his lips pressed together, he turned and walked out of the hall with his eyes fixed on the floor. He didn't look back. He couldn't have controlled himself.
The practice room, June 29, 8:58 a.m.
His arm muscles tightened comfortably as he pulled the tendon of the arrow through and concentrated on it. His breath was deep and totally calm as he aimed. Something else, something else, exactly. The arrow fired with a fine ritsch towards its target. There was a muffled sound, a mixture of gasps and groans that he knew only too well. Azazel smiled gleefully. Met.
His red eyes searched for the one he had shot at. The "smell" of blood pleasantly filled the hall in which it was located. He was in his element. Here he was the god and creator, created worlds of blood and death. Dying eyes wandered erratically through the room until they stuck to its aristocratic features. The pupils dilated with bitter knowledge.
Slowly, step by step through the hall, he made his way between the horribly mutilated bodies of the Men and women on the floor. Those who were unlucky enough to live crawled away with grimaces of anguish, just away from him. Her screams remained silent and did not reach Azazel. They were unimportant, just rotten flesh in the face of this world. Only the goal, his goal, was important.
A jerk went through her narrow body as she reared up to reach him. The shaft of the arrow in her chest rocked in time with her grotesque dance. Up and down, up and down. Azazel smiled fine.
"What ...?" She managed to choke out, but a gush of half-clotted blood prevented any further words.
"Shhhhh. It's good, ”he whispered to her softly as he stood in front of her crouched and put his red soaked hand on her cheek. Gargling, she shook her head and tried to escape his cold fingers. But there was no escape for them. She had taught him that too well.
"Everything is fine, mother, I'm here. Don't worry, ”he murmured in her ear as he pressed his face into her soft hair.
Now he couldn't stop the tears. They ran black over his cheeks. She breathed in and out trembling. It was time. Reluctantly, he pulled away from her warm chest and took her face in his hands. A sob escaped his throat and he pressed his lips tightly to hers.
He bit her lip hard. Hot blood ran down his mouth and dripped from his chin like syrup. She screamed in pain and a tremor passed through her dying body. His razor-sharp teeth moved on and shredded her tender throat. Sweet and full-bodied and yet as light as summer wine, her red vital juice tingled as he sucked it into himself. You became one.
Bright sunlight crept closer, ready to swallow anything and everything. As fine as the touch of a loved one, he felt the warmth on his skin and everything around him blazed brightly in flames ...
"Azazel?" A voice cut the scene. Startled, the person addressed flinched and looked up. She looked at him smiling with an eyebrow raised. He must have been dreaming.
"What is? Do you want to stand there all day and look up your arrow? ”She teased cheerfully and he forced himself to smile back. But he didn't say a word.
He quickly trudged to the target with his head bowed. How could he get lost in such strange fantasies? He would never harm her, she was his mother, and she gave him all her love and trust. It was completely impossible. He would never be able to do that. It wasn't him. He idolized her and would never let anyone hurt her, neither he nor anyone else. He would die sooner.
Azazel gnawed his lower lip uneasily and pulled the arrow out of the target with one powerful jerk. He must have been. HE, that horror that dwelt under his skin. Yes, that was the solution. Did the medication no longer work? He shivered. He grew stronger. She couldn't be told. Then he would have disappointed her again. And he couldn't do that to her. She had had to go through too much because of him. No, e s had to be his secret.
With a deep breath, he filled his lungs with fresh air and forced himself to be cheerful, even if he felt charred inside. He quickly went back to her and looked at her.
"Is something wrong?" She asked curiously and her eyes glittered.
He shook his head smiling, but didn't trust her yet to answer. His voice would have betrayed him. He put on again and this time aimed more precisely. Breathe in. Ritsch. Exhale. The arrow hit its target with a thud. It still protruded slightly from the center of the target. He slowly lowered his arms.
"Where did you learn that from?" She asked enthusiastically. Azazel winced and answered evasively:
“Years of practice. You don't learn something like that from one day the other. "
"Probably for you for centuries," she said dryly, but he hadn't missed the change in the tone of her voice. He swallowed nervously and put on again. Inhale aim. Ritsch. Exhale. Peng.
"How old are you actually Azazel?", She asked him, thus immediately stopping the coming silence.
"I don't know," he replied truthfully. With a Once he realized what that new nuance had been in her voice: lurking.
"You don't know?" She asked dryly and the hair on the back of
Azazel stood up. Now he was walking on thin ice. Very, very thin ice.
"Yes, I don't know how old I am. My sense of time only started with the people. "
"What do you mean with people? What was before? “, She asked. Azazel put on again to save time.
“I only met people after a while. I didn't know before that there were such ... beings on this planet. I lived with the change of the seasons, the tides, the phases of the moon, the constant up and down of nature. "
A slight melancholy pervaded him, but he immediately pushed this feeling into the far corner of his head. He didn't have time for that now. Put on, aim, and shot. Hits.
"How was it?" She asked quietly and Azazel looked at her questioningly. "How were we? We people?"
Thoughtfully, he lowered the bow and arrow and stared lost in thought at a point in the distance. It was so long ago. So many centuries, no millennia, had passed. But I could still remember every little detail. The sounds of the forest, the chants, the fire, the sparkling life in them. The people.
"It was just beginning to dawn. I was ... hunting. At that time I was a different person, someone completely different, something different, ”Azazel began in a rough voice. The corner of his mouth twitched.
“I was an animal, a hunter, looking for prey. I was not tamed, I was wild and… free, not human. ”He had to swallow. Longing unfolded her delicate wings in his chest.
"It was all so easy, so natural. There was no regret, no concern, and no guilt. Everyone was who he was, everything had its place. ”His eyes continued to wander along the horizon.
"I heard them before I saw them." They were sitting by the river.
"They were sitting by the river." Her tender voice hovered over the warm pebbles, leaves danced in the wind.
"Her tender voices hovered over the warm pebbles, leaves danced in the wind." A smile stole across his face and his eyes lit up warmly.
"They painted pictures in the damp sand and giggled all the time. It was a boy and a girl. Children."
Ernst looked at her, who had been watching him all the time. You were pure.
"You were pure." Silence. His eyes grew strangely hard and yet there was sorrow in it.
"I approached them more and more. I could hear their little hearts pounding. You sounded so tempting. I couldn't resist. ”His feet scraped the floor as he turned to face her. She looked at him thoughtfully and a little dismayed:
"So you have it ...?" Silence.
"But then why did you ...?"
"I don't know how, but they sensed my presence. The girl got scared and ran away. But he, the boy, stayed. I was frozen. I was so hungry, but on the other hand ... I felt something completely new and unknown to me. I have long needed to understand what it was. ”He pressed her lips together to look at her.
"What was it?" She asked.
"Pity. He saw me and understood what I was and that I had come to kill. And yet he was not afraid. He accepted it. ”Azazel breathed in and out to calm down. The memory always stirred up a lot of feelings in him. But today it was different. Today it was almost pure melancholy that pulled him through. But why? What had he lost?
"His right leg, it was crippled. He couldn't have escaped from me. And he knew that. He just accepted it. I had never seen anything like it before. He was not Beast, I realized that at that moment. Neither was I an animal. My entire world was shattered. I will never forget that look, no matter what happens. I escaped. In front of him, but above all in front of me. "
But that was all he could tell her. And wanted how he admitted himself internally. Even his beloved mother was not allowed to know some things.
His clothes rustled softly in the stillness as Azazel turned away from her and grabbed a new arrow. He put on and fired at lightning speed. Without pausing, he put one arrow at a time. He didn't want to think anymore.
Gn’aac? Whispered a high child’s voice in him.
No, he replied gently in thought.
Ajak duzupe?
No, I can't come to you. This old discussion again.
Kuali?
Because you're dead and I'm not.
Oh yeah, it replied sadly.
You are not here, Jayin. You are gone And for a very long time. I can't follow you where you need to go now, Azazel said warmly, but remember what I always told you.
Ihra Kn’ahhal adth without swoosh.
Exactly.
He felt a small, warm hand on his raised arm. He winced slightly and looked up. It was her. Of course it was. Who else should it be? There were only two of them here, no one else was here. The waves of his agitated mind smoothed out when he looked into her sparkling eyes.
"It is good Azazel. You are here now, with me, you are someone completely new now. Do you understand? “, She said with her eyebrows raised in concern. He nodded and let the bow drop with the arrow on. It was all good. She understood him.
"I don't want to disturb you, but ..." came an overly well-known male voice behind them and Azazel whirled around at lightning speed.
The weapon was immediately ready for use in his hands and a sharp metal tip hovered just inches from Sanchez's startled face. What a pity. He couldn't do anything to him. At least not physically.
He slowly lowered the bow, but without relaxing it. It was a more than clear threat. A brief but violent flickering flashed in the human eyes. He understood. With a demonstratively bored expression on his face, he started again:
“I don't want to interfere with your two-man round, but someone has arrived that you should definitely welcome. Especially you, Azazel. "
Sanchez gave him a meaningful look that Azazel only commented with an eyebrow raised. Oh really?
"Is it her? Professor Heikkinen? ”, She asked and turned to the man. A nod answered her.
Azazel did not show his anger at his exclusion. Why did he know nothing again and Sanchez everything? He was very tempted to introduce the arrow to the man's face, but she certainly wouldn't have liked that. What did she need it for now? 
still? She had him. Wasn't he worth a thousand times more than this worm? He thought spitefully, but kept his neutral mask on the outside. Be that as it may, it would still emerge who would win the race. May the better (he) win!
"Come on Azazel, you will definitely want to get to know her," snapped them out of his circling thoughts.
"Or shouldn't you rather say, meet again? Isn't it, Azazel? ”Sanchez growled so softly that only Azazel's insanely good ears could hear it.
Irritated for a moment, he looked at him, but didn't give the individual's babble so much importance and walked past him without a word. Behind Azazel's back, the man's face turned dark red with hate and his eyes showed for the first time the true extent of what he would be able to do if there was nothing left between them. Azazel had started the real race.
The meeting room, June 29, 9:15 a.m.
Silent and unobtrusive as a shadow, he followed her through the tangle of corridors that ran through his new home. Every now and then people crossed their path alone or in groups who stopped and stared at them (or rather, at him). He ignored it as much as possible and yet he felt the tingling eyes all over his body. He had a slight hope that one day he could completely hide it. But the time had not yet come.
He had never been to this part of the building. Azazel looked around unobtrusively. Always the same meaningless, empty corridors, closed doors, opaque faces. He swallowed nervously and lowered his eyes. He suddenly felt very uncomfortable. There was nothing living here, everything was cold and dead. There were no plants or animals anywhere and he felt nothing at all. Just the few people who crossed his path sent out the pulsation of life so familiar to him. It was too quiet. The air was still, nothing was moving. The hair on his neck rose.
That was unnatural. Everything was always full of life, this constant background noise never disappeared, that he no longer registered consciously, but very subconsciously. Life rippled no matter where, always, at any time of the day or night. Sometimes it was stronger, sometimes it almost disappeared, but it was there. Now he was completely alone. He felt as if an important organ had been separated from his body, made sense of it. He suddenly realized how vulnerable and lost he was. His world wasn't here, his place was somewhere else. Outside in the great outdoors. In freedom.
No, he said to himself, barely shaking his head as he continued to follow his wife's mother. He was with her now. It protected him. She took care of him. It was all he had. He repeated the words over and over again like a mantra until they merged and gave a single discordant sound. Or, barely audible voices whispered inside him, she had taken everything he had from him. Lost, lost, lost, hissing echoed around him. Quiet now. Troubled, he gritted his teeth. He could not be influenced by HIM. He had to stay himself. Her child. You Azazel.
Just in time he notices how she stopped in front of an astonishingly large door. Relieved to finally escape his circling thoughts, he looked around. Sanchez stood around with his usual sour pottery mine and tried to fillet Azazel with his eyes. Which, however, did not seem to succeed as it looked, because Azazel still felt all the limbs where they should be. He just didn't have enough practice in it. The passage looked a little bigger than the previous ones, but Azazel wasn't sure. In the end it didn't matter. He had no orientation anymore anyway. She turned to him:
"Ready?" With a hardly noticeable delay, he nodded in agreement. Whatever awaited him behind the door couldn't be worse than what he had been through, right?
It was worse. With an effort to suppress a tremor, he tried to keep his masked neutral mask and hide his true feelings behind it. He would have expected everyone, really everyone, but not them. She was dead and yet she stood in front of him and smiled at him. He really would never understand these people. It was hopeless.
"Good day. I am Ellen Heikkinen, doctor of medicine, master of science in biochemistry and professor of molecular biomedicine. I look forward to seeing her again and getting to know her personally, ”said the small, somewhat stout woman in front of him.
She gently reached out to greet her. The same hand he had crippled that he had broken each finger individually. Startled, he jerked back a little, but at the same moment regained his self-control and returned the handshake very gently and carefully. A fine, barely visible twitch ran across her face.
"Azazel," he said shortly, clasping his hands behind his back. They cramped into each other almost painfully.
All the time, he managed to keep his face under control and not to let out the slightest emotion.
"Well then, welcome to Bioresearch Cooperation, Professor Heikkinen. We are happy to welcome you back to our team. Hopefully they will stay a little longer this time, there is so much to talk about and explore, ”she broke through the burgeoning silence. Heikkinen smiled politely back and replied:
"Thanks a lot. I too look forward to our cooperation, especially since we now have a new colleague to have."
Her eyes darted to Azazel, who stood petrified in the background. He lowered his eyes and didn't dare look up. She could have read from them like a book.
"But first I would like to greet my son. If you allow briefly? "
Son? You had a child?
"But of course, don't force yourself," she replied
and was already on the way towards the door.
With a bizarre mixture of fascination, understanding and horror, Azazel watched Sanchez approach the professor and they hugged each other. That explains a lot, actually everything. Why Sanchez hated him so much, why he distrusted him, why he tried to hurt Azazel.
"Azazel?" Her voice pierced the fog around his mind and he looked around, startled.
With a hard face, she looked at him and emphatically challenged him on following her. Fear stuck out her sharp claws and pierced painfully slowly into his body and soul. The memory of the punishment for disobedience was too fresh. He winced and bee tried to get to her. Without another word, she walked past him into a small adjoining room. He quickly followed her, but could not control himself and looked back over his shoulder.
Behind him the voice of Sanchez filled the air, but not that was what caught his attention. It was the look Heikkinen gave him. He was full of curiosity, but also ... compassion. Why compassion? What was he suffering from so obviously that even through its thick walls, it came out of indifference and was revealed?
The Laboratory, July 2nd, 10:01 a.m.
"You know what to do?" Asked Professor Heikkinen Azazel with a subtle smile around the corner of his mouth.
The latter nodded silently and took the requested position. The many cables that stuck in his head slid to the side, forming a thick ball next to him. He leaned back carefully and tried to relax every muscle. In vain. He stared at the ceiling. He was afraid, even if he didn't want to admit it. He wasn't quite sure what was going to happen. Of course she had explained it to him, but did he understand? In any case, he was not sure and this uncertainty and the inability to change anything deeply frightened him. But nobody was allowed to know. Then he would be lost.
He breathed out and in, out and in, out and in. His heartbeat slowed and bit by bit the calm returned to his mind. The sounds around him were muffled, the world blurred before his eyes. He was in a trance.
Like a spiral, he slid further and further down into the depths of his soul. He brushed half-buried memories and fragmentary pictures, encountered old enemies and "friends". He was almost tempted to nod to them, but they weren't real. They were all dead. So many centuries, no millennia of world history gathered in one place. He was always amazed by himself. What he had seen and experienced, what battles he had fought, what blood price he had to pay. He shivered. Sometimes he felt like a stranger to himself. What was he actually? Could something like him actually exist?
But he hadn't come to indulge in old times. Concentrated, he spread his mind inside. He destroyed the finest particles in millions, which were connected to each other. He ran through his entire body, not a single spot was left untouched. A filigree branch made of veins and nerves was revealed in his mind's eye. He searched slowly. Where was he?
A gentle throb, tender as a burst soap bubble, answered him. Was it He? His companion? Why was He so weak? Why was He hiding so much? What did He fear? Azazel tried gently to reach HIM, but HE jerked away. What..? He was stunned. This had never happened to him before. They were one, nothing could separate them. Why did He fear Azazel? No sooner had he thought the thought than a mental wave swept toward him.
They. Always just her. They are smiling, they are angry, they are sad, they are sublime. Subliminal panic and blind fear pervaded the images, causing Azazel to tremble involuntarily. But why…? With a syringe in hand. A fine tingling under the skin like a thousand ants. The syringe. Screeching death. The syringe? That had to be the key. It was his daily medicine. She suppressed HIM. Suddenly Azazel realized what HE had been trying to tell him: what was in the syringe killed HIM and part of Azazel. It would also be his downfall. Terror gripped him and his concentration faltered.
His mind shot to the surface of his consciousness like a cork and with a jerk he came to himself again. His heart was racing in his chest and his breath was as violent as after a thousand meter sprint. He had to get out of here. Just gone. His panicked look brushed the woman next to him, whose mouth moved without words. With a ritsch he tore the cables from his head and jumped up. Startled, the professor stumbled back and avoided a collision. Without looking at her, Azazel raced toward the door and cracked it open.
He ran. He didn't know where his feet were taking him or what direction he was coming from. The only thing he felt was the familiar contraction and stretching of his muscles in time with his movements. Nobody met him and it was a good thing. He was in a state where he didn't even know what he was capable of.
He rumbled loudly through the next door and found himself in the hall where she would allow him to fly someday. A scurrying look hung on some bumps on the wall n, then in a dark alcove high above the floor. His thoughts puffed up into a huge cloud, with no way to escape the cramped prison of a head. He felt as if a glass bell had been put on him that cut him off from the outside world. He had to be away from the earth, he had to be close to heaven again, even if he was forbidden to fly.
His steps became faster and his muscles tightened. His pulse picked up and the wind on his face grew cooler. Everything became sharper and the sounds more intense. It was about to happen. Now!
Light-footed and yet superhumanly strong, he jumped off and got hold of an embedded rod in the concrete wall. With a single pull-up, he pulled himself up and moved on to the next alcove. His leg kicked against resistance and he tensed. Azazel continued to swing elegantly. His field of vision narrowed. Only the next move, the next stop counted. He had to keep going, he couldn't stop. His breath was heavy and his arms started to shake. He was out of practice, he was horrified to find. How did it come to this?
With a suppressed groan, he heaved himself up one last time and lay on his stomach. He had made it. His muscles protested with a shriek as he pulled himself fully into the hollow. He felt safe here. Nobody could harm him here. Here he was alone. With trembling lips, he nestled against the cool wall and pulled his legs under his chin. His agitated thoughts fluttered like birds in a cage and he couldn't calm down.
He had to go, or both of them would suffer a fate far more cruel than anything he had ever dreamed of. But how? How should he escape? You would in find that she would never rest, provided he found a way to escape this dungeon. There was only one option. He sobbed at the thought of it. She had to die.
The hall, July 2nd, 1:48 p.m.
“The last shot we have of him is in this room. And it was not recorded again that it went out. It has to be here. "
As if pierced by a poisonous arrow, Azazel winced at the sound of this - her - voice. No, he didn't want to. He pressed his hand firmly over his mouth to suppress sobs. He wanted it to stop. He couldn't stand it any longer.
"Why did it flee at all? What happened there in this room, Professor Heikkinen? "
"I don't know," came the short answer, "I wanted to measure the brain waves as inspired by them in order to get closer to the matter with his second self, but something went wrong. It wasn't the technology, on the contrary, it worked perfectly. It was up to him. Something has happened to him. He must have found something inside that deeply disturbed him. ”
"But it can't just steal away. That shouldn't be, I don't tolerate something like that. It has to listen to my orders, or ifs and buts, ”came back hissing.
Azazel shivered and pressed himself deeper into the shadows. He was completely protected from prying eyes in his alcove high above the earth. And he could hear everything.
"Leave him. You have him under complete control. Sometimes a little freedom and calmness helps more than any whip, ”the professor appeased the angry woman and put her hand amicably on her shoulder. She shook it off roughly.
"I'm running out of time. There is headwind from all sides and the enemy does not sleep. I can no longer be patient. It must obey or it will feel the consequences! ”Enemies? You had enemies? Whom? Where?
“Just yesterday there was another hacker attack on our servers, did you know that? My rows are thinning and there are rumors that I have become weak. Former friends turn against me and try to put me out of the way and undermine my power. ”Her voice was muffled and Azazel understood that she was fighting with tears.
"They lurk like vultures on the edge, ready to tear me apart when I'm too weak to fight. I can't trust anyone anymore. That's why I need it. This being is my only chance to stay alive. But it absolutely must belong to me and nobody else! "
"I have told you several times and I will only repeat myself once again: give him a certain freedom. If you continue as before, you will break it at some point. And what use is a broken sword in your hand? You have to accept it as it is: there is a wild, indomitable side of it that you can never control can. But that's exactly what they need, that is what he needs to be the way he is. Otherwise he would be someone else, an interchangeable face. Do you want that? ”The professor spoke passionately, but with a calm voice.
Involuntarily, Azazel relaxed somewhat with the sound of her voice. Somehow, it was soothing to him.
"No I do not want that. But I still don't share their point of view. I go again to ask the technology whether new recordings of him have appeared so far. Hello, ”she replied coolly and steps left the hall and slowly faded away.
Silence fell over Azazel and the woman who was left behind. He gently leaned out a little to look down at her. She stood in line with her arms folded behind her back the same place as the entire time. A strand of her short, curly hair fell across her forehead. She looked tired.
"You can come out now, she's gone," her voice penetrated the silence and he peeked a little further out of his protected corner.
She raised her head and her eyes met his. Azazel flinched and started to tremble again. She would tell her. He was lost.
"I won't tell her where you are. You have to go to her yourself, then maybe she will show mercy. "
He took a deep breath, leapt out of his hiding place, and jumped. His legs hit the ground hard, but he immediately rolled off, taking his destructive force from the impact. With a grace that he was not even aware of, he got to his feet and thus stopped in front of the woman. Her eyebrows moved across her wrinkled forehead towards the hairline and she smiled fine. Why did she keep smiling? What was there to laugh about? He looked at her pityingly:
"No, she won't and they know that as well as I does."
She smiled again. It was crazy. Why was she always in a good mood?
"But there is a chance, right? And that's what matters, ”she replied.
He snorted contemptuously and ran past her towards the hall exit. Her words haunted his head for quite a while and stuck in a crack in his brain. He would deal with it later. Now he had to prepare for the inevitable. He felt the professor's eyes in his back for a long time. What was she hiding behind that smile?

Chapter 11
The room, July 3rd, 11:44 p.m.
He felt every muscle fiber, every cell in his body ached. Even thinking hurt. He stared at the blanket, tired and too agitated to sleep. The filigree silver threads moved monotonously and formed abstract patterns, which he followed with his eyes.
However, the punishment for his actions was not as gruesome as he would have expected. Sure he had suffered terrible agony, but it was different than usual. The pain remained the same, and yet it was not the same. He was getting used to the suffering, he realized after several hours of staring at the ceiling. Just as HE gradually became immune to the silvery poison that she administered to him. There was ... hope? He frowned in irritation. Hope? For him? His muscles relaxed again. Yes, confidence sprouted in him, delicate and fragile, but back there. He had been missing her for the past few months, he realized.
Apparently, he wasn't as different from humans as he thought. He was like her in this respect: as long as there was a prospect of something better, they were capable of anything. It was a matter of finding a way to make them harmless without killing them. Because he couldn't. She was like a mother to him, even if she chastised and locked him up. You only did it for his protection, right?
He couldn't just flee and leave her defenseless, that door was locked. He wanted to stay with her and protect her, but he also wanted to fly back to where he was going. He wanted to be free again and live without pain. There had to be a solution, he just had to loosen her clasp a little, nothing more was necessary, he didn't ask for anything else. He had to get through to her somehow. He had to be with her
speak. Although, was that such a good idea? It occurred to him what she had said to the professor in the great hall:
I'm running out of time. There is headwind from all sides and the enemy does not sleep.
If she had enemies, wasn't that where he started? Couldn't he make a difference there? But how did he find the spies in their army of servants? Even the few times he had been outside his cell, he had seen hundreds of different faces and none of them really stuck in his mind. They all looked the same to him. He chewed his lips thoughtfully.
And what about the outside enemies? No, he decided, she had absolutely no way to get at it. To do this, she isolated him too well from the outside world. He didn't even know which continent they were on, how was he supposed to find someone strange and meet him secretly? It was an impossibility. He had to look for someone to provide him with information. But for that he had to trust this someone. And he didn't know if he was ready for it.
There was a fine hiss and a pounding heart entered the room. Azazel didn't even look up. He was it. He would recognize that pulse and these steps among hundreds. Alexis Sanchez. Silence fell over them both. None of them made any move to speak. Several minutes passed without more than the steady breath of human beings being heard. Azazel would not break the silence. He had nothing to say to Sanchez.
His sensitive ears caught the soft shuffling that caused shoes as they moved across the bare floor and slowly approached him. Azazel's eyes were still fixed on the ceiling and he had no intention of changing that anytime soon. From the corner of his eye he saw the figure of the man standing next to his bed, separated only from the deadly threads. Now Azazel suddenly felt through her protected. Funny how his feelings could change from time to time.
"Did it hurt, being?" Came the young man's deeply contemptuous voice.
Azazel was almost tempted to smile. Sanchez began to understand the game. How cute. However, he did not want to give him the feeling of being worth an answer, so the reply was just silence.
"Haven't you had enough? Isn't it enough for you? ”Silence.
With a sigh, the man reached for the chair on his right and pulled him towards him. He gave a protesting creak as Sanchez settled down. So he didn't like the man either. That made them two.
"Why are you torturing yourself so much? Why don't you just give up? What keeps you getting up? What drives you? ”The man continued.
Again there was silence in response. And even if it did, Azazel could not have answered the question correctly. Or want to. Two hearts beat in him, even if he only had one.
"Answer me damn it times! Don't you dare ignore me! "
Azazel turned her head emphatically lazily. If need be ...
"Do you really want to know, human? Do you think you are really ready for it? Your mother wanted to find out just like you, and we both know how it ended for her, ”he asked back in a soft voice.
"Answer me!" The man said, hands clenched tightly around the armrests. It didn't look good for self-control.
"If you want, Mr. Sanchez ... I don't know."
"What? You do not know? Do you want to fool me ?! "
"No, they can do that much better than I could ever have done."
The man gritted his teeth angrily.
"Which leads us to a noticeably more interesting question, man: Why don't you let it go? What drives you humans to go on and on even though you know it is pointless? ”Azazel grins cheerlessly.
"You couldn't answer it or you didn't want it, no idea. I don't care either. So why should I answer your questions, Mr. Sanchez? "
The addressee jumped up. The chair fell over with a loud bang, but they didn't notice. Sanchez came as close to the web of threads as it allowed.
"Listen to me carefully, being. You hurt my mother very much, you tortured her and it took her a long time to recover from it. She may have forgiven you, but I will never do it. There will be moments when you feel completely safe and think nothing in this world can harm you, but believe me, the joy will turn to ashes in your hands and you will be powerless against it. I'll be there, rely on it. "
Feet stamped hard as the human man hurried towards the door. Azazel's eyes returned to the ceiling. Finally peace and quiet again.
"That's what drives me, Azazel," came the voice from Sanchez one last time. Something in it made him shiver. Then he realized what it was: Sanchez had called him by his name for the first time.
The room, July 4th, 6:02 a.m.
He opened his eyes as if he were wheeled. Where was he…? Oh yes, there. He stared at the wavering blanket in exasperation and finally got up. Every muscle protested as it rolled to the edge of the bed and carefully got up. He felt dizzy and had to support himself on the mattress for a few seconds. He was weak. He looked up sullenly from the floor. He was not used to being weak.
His red eyes wandered to the table next to his bed - there was a puristic jug and a chalice on it. Everything looked timelessly elegant and perfectly coordinated. Why did they do this work at all? Didn't it matter what the inside of a cage looked like? Did people think they could fool him? They probably hadn't thought at all.
As always, he said to himself as he moved towards the table. He was glad that no one could see him when he sat on the chair with a distorted expression. He felt like an old man. Sighing, he reached for the jug. Somehow he had a hard time remembering him. Strange. He frowned slightly. But that didn't matter now, he decided, and tipped it over to pour his meal.
Inwardly dead he looked at the jug - it was empty, dust-dry, not the smallest drop of liquid was to be seen. Dull he put the metal jar back and put his hands in his lap. So that was what she meant. He was totally dependent on her and without her he was nothing.
His stomach began to growl quietly and asked when the next meal would come. Azazel sighed again. He did not know.
The room, July 4th, 7:03 a.m.
"Hngf," Azazel escaped as he stretched out. His once so powerful flight muscles had shrunk. Nothing was left of their former hidden splendor. It was a bitter experience that he would have liked to have done without.
He gently turned a little further to intensify the stretch. He gritted his teeth hard, but kept the position and ignored the uncomfortable sting in his tendon. The entire empty space in his cell was taken up by his mighty wing. There was not enough space to spread them both out at the same time. So it had to be enough.
The memories of before, very early, before he came to earth, came back to life with the familiar movements. He couldn't remember many things, after all he had spent most of his life on this planet. And yet these years had shaped him more than he would have thought.
What would have been different if he had not just ended up in the world that allowed him to live? Was there anything more like her and his homeland? Difference d he life there as much as from earth from his planet?
He exhaled slowly and retracted his wing. Now it was the other's turn. He closed his eyes to feel his body more intensely. And he remembered.
The suns were already high in the sky, it was time. Azazel spread its wings and rose into the air with some heavy wing beats. A hard wind blew his hair from his face. His braid must have been opened. It would take care of that later.
It rose higher and higher into the zone where the wind would carry it with it. His wing beats grew calmer and soon it glided gently. The city abruptly ended beneath him when the cloud flank broke off, on which it clung. Now it was thousands of meters below him. Rough cliffs and icy mountain peaks rose up to him. But Azazel was not afraid. There was only a slight tingling in the pit of the stomach that warned him of possible danger. But there were eight, like every time. On the horizon it saw the next inhabited island emerging from clouds. The skyscrapers of the city center towered high and slim like trees. It was expected here. His class would start soon, it had to hurry.
It would soon be sexually mature and thus become a full member of society. Nobody knew yet what it would be - egg carriers, sperm carriers or carriers? It was too unimportant - there would always be enough of everyone, as always.
What was more important was what it would do for the community. Would science go like his parents? Or do you want to focus your life on industry? He had not yet been told, but the decision was made as soon as all the necessary facts and figures had been put together and the pros and cons had been carefully weighed up. He'd be told soon enough.
Azazel cautiously headed for the central, largest building and joined the stream of students, all of whom were on the same path as it. To the great hall. It landed with a barely audible crunch and let itself be carried by the crowd. It straightened its hair on the way, after all it couldn't afford to appear so messy at this extremely important session.
The one next to him sniffed all the time and didn't look healthy. Couldn't it have stayed at home? Today was the day. The all-important day in his life. Today he was told about his future. All of his thoughts were focused on it. Now it started coughing next to him, it couldn't stop and increased to a real staccato.
"Wouldn't you prefer to go home? You would be excused, ”said the patient.
His stomach began to tingle violently as the gaze of the individual grinded him. There was something in it, but since Azazel had no feelings (there wasn't even a word for it in her language) she didn't understand. But it registered that this being was in danger. The next moment the sick man turned away from him and disappeared into the crowd. Azazel kept up with the flow and paid no further attention to the incident. Only a slight tug in the stomach reminded her of the encounter.
A huge gate opened in front of him and behind it a larger hall. It was the largest of its kind in the world. It was found in every cloud city on the entire planet. Dressed in the typical robes of their age, they stood in front of the assigned seats and waited. The ancient symbol of imperfection was still emblazoned on her chest, just above her heart. But soon they would no longer need it, they would be drawn. Each of them would have this scar on their faces all their lives.
With a steady pulse, Azazel looked straight ahead and tolerated it. The silence in the room, which was filled to the last seat and beyond, was perfect. Too little attention was paid to how many children were born. It was no exception. Now it was determined anew every year how many new ones there could be. A critical point in food supply had already been reached where it was just enough for everyone, but there were no reserves left in emergencies. In the long run, that would take revenge at some point, everyone was aware of that.
Footsteps from several people entered the silent room and Azazel was torn from his thoughts. It started. It got a little straighter. Perfect.
"Welcome you all who are here. Sit down, ”said the colonel.
His long official coat marked him as the spokesman for the Upper People's Council. He had tied the long, straight hair into a bun, and an embroidered symbol indicated his glamorous service to society. Synchronous like a K the imperfect bodies settled in their seats. Not a word was said.
“As has been the case since the beginning of our time, this is the moment when you reach perfection. Because you will know your gender and thus your place in our community. This year is a special year because it is the thousandth year the first ritual. Let us remember the past and the coming. "
The silence somehow became even more intense. The heartbeat of the crowd synchronized and there was only a steady boom boom boom boom. The blood roared loudly in Azazel's ears. But excitement was alien to him, as was joy. It didn't feel anything. Like everyone since their race came into being.
"Let's start," the colonel broke through the calm.
"In front of you is the vial with the serum. Please inject it as you experienced it in the seminars. "
Azazel only felt a fine sting as he splashed the liquid into his upper arm. His entire arm immediately began to tingle and slowly became numb. Trembling, she put the now empty vessel back in its usual place and returned to its old posture. His heartbeat quickened.
"You now notice a tingling sensation in your arm. It is natural and part of the process. Please be in the infirmary afterwards, you will be assigned a room for the night. Tomorrow your supervisor will go to you and explain the further process. Good day."
"Good afternoon," answered the whole room in unison. And the mass dissolved again. The ceremony was over.
Slowly, step by step, Azazel took each step and poured out of the room together with the others. Beside him, someone had a coughing fit. And then again, but from the other side. With a long look he eyed the one on his left. It was not the same as before. The bad feeling in his stomach area increased again. There was a fine tingling in his throat and he had to cough.
Azazel shivered. He didn't want to think about it. There were too many feelings associated with these memories. And they weren't good. So far he had managed to ignore these thoughts, even though they kept coming back to him
The foreground jostled and pulled his attention away. But he punished them with disregard.
A barely audible hiss reached his fine ears and someone entered the room. Hopefully not Sanchez again? He closed his eyes grumpily and remained in his position. The footsteps moved quietly across the room and came to a halt beside him. When he stopped responding, the person sat down and breaths were all that was heard. But it wasn't familiar heartbeats that came over to him, neither here nor Sanchez's. But who else came to his prison? Now curious, he untied himself and looked over at the man. A fine smile was the first thing he noticed.
It was the professor. Only she wore this happiness all the time. What was she trying to do? What was that?
"Why are they smiling all the time? Am I amusing her? ”Azazel asked the human woman directly as it wasn't normally his way, but with her he felt that it would be better that way. And his instinct had rarely let him down. Actually only once. Before he met the doctor.
He looked her in the eye suspiciously, but found no trace of ridicule or cruelty in it. Just again ... pity? Why did she feel sorry for him?
"No, they don't Azazel," she replied to his surprise in Latin. Who still spoke Latin today? Why did she bother? He eyed her suspiciously.
She wasn't wearing a lab coat today, but straight-cut trousers and what do you call these tailored jackets again these days? ... a blazer? Her wild, light curls stood out like a wreath around her head. But deep shadows graced the skin under her eyes and she looked tense somehow.
"Are you surprised that I speak this unfortunately dead language with you?", She asked back. With a slight astonishment, he just nodded.
“I'm happy to meet someone who can speak them as fluently as I do. It's such a terribly beautiful language, don't you think? You immediately feel elegant and sublime when you speak them. Like in ancient Rome. "
"Well then you have never heard Pompeii gutter whores or even senator’s talk to each other," it slipped out and he slapped himself internally for his carelessness. How could he be so careless and reveal something so lightly about himself?
A big smile appeared on her face:
"Don't you want to go for a walk with me? Some exercise would do me good too. ”
Even before getting an answer (or more likely in his case: a blank face), the professor had risen and headed for the exit. She stopped shortly before and entered something into the wall at eye level. Wrong, it had to be one of those screens that you could hand wheel on. The silver threads on the door clinked aside.
Should he? Wasn't he punished again? She had said herself that he should only listen to her. Brooding, he looked first at the floor and then up again. Why was he out already? Had his body decided without him? With a sigh, he gave up and walked next to Professor Heikkinen with a resigned expression on his face. Did he actually have any other choice? The human woman only nodded in delight, as if she had foreseen this reaction. Had he become so predictable? She had always wanted to achieve that and it was apparently accomplished.
He ran silently alongside the woman and pursued his dark thoughts. He didn't pay attention to where she was going, just followed like a dog on a leash.
"Azazel?" A voice broke through his circling thoughts and he winced slightly.
"We're here," said Heikkinen, pointing to himself.
He turned in the direction she was pointing and his eyes widened. What, from where ...? Stunned, he turned to her and could only stare at her silently. She was sporting her familiar smile again. After a few minutes of silence, he had gathered to stutter out a question:
"Why are you showing me ... this?" He waved his hand vaguely around him.
A fresh wind blew through his hair and made it dance like white flames around his head. He unconsciously enjoyed the deeply free feeling around him. They were on the roof of the facility where he must have spent the past few months. The complex was huge and stretched in all directions. But they were at the highest point. A clear night sky spread over them. What month did they actually have? Where was he at all?
"I thought you needed some fresh air," answered the human woman casually and stood next to him.
Azazel was still fighting for his composure and confusion.
"How do you want to know that I am not fleeing?" He asked quietly in the wonderful silence.
It had to be early in the morning, that's the only way it felt. He closed his eyes gleefully and raised his head to the sky. Again the wind whipped his hair in his face and tousled it. How he had missed it. And he felt it all at once. The life. It was like the heartbeat of this world. He showed Azazel that he was still alive. Above him a small bird roamed the sky, leaving a trill in the cantata of the living. He had to smile.
"Wouldn't you be long gone then?" She asked back.
"That's right," he admitted, mumbling and still enjoying the great outdoors around him. He felt like in a trance.
"What do you feel, Azazel?" Asked the professor quietly. He was caught in a frenzy and hardly took himself as he was
replied:
"What belongs together has grown together again. I am back where I come from and will always belong. I feel it. The life around us. It flows through everything and everyone and is always there. A heart that never stops beating. Even you humans cannot destroy it. It will outlast you. It survived everything. "
"Why was it gone?"
"I don’t know. She made it go away, she separated us. She is playing God without knowing the consequences. "
The two fell silent and slowly let them go boiling feelings of Azazel. But he didn't regret what he said. It had felt right. This person was allowed to know.
"Excuse me," he said to the human woman and motioned for her to step back a few steps.
With an astonishingly fluid movement that he had not flown for how many months, he opened his mighty wings and spread them out completely. The fabric of his top backed away like a viscous liquid, releasing his wings. Humans, just like his old people, had managed to invent such a substance. How witty they were when they didn't kill.
It felt so good he wanted to purr like a cat. After a few moments, he folded them sadly again. He would have loved to fly away and leave everything behind. But he couldn't. She would find him again and again and then his punishment would be terrible. And she needed him, didn't she? Hadn't she admitted it herself?
"Why are we really here, Mrs. Heikkinen?", He wanted to know in a hard voice and turned it I to her. An inkling of a feeling sprouted in his heart. It was ... hope.
"What is there that you want to talk to overheard?"
The woman winced slightly at the hard sound of his voice. He was very aware of this, but did not want to let his insecurity and hope shine through. Because then he would be vulnerable and that would be exploited mercilessly, the past had taught him over and over again.
He hurriedly pushed the memory aside before it could spread further through him. He still hadn't gotten over it after so long. He had to appear unapproachable, then he was safe.
"Why are they always so repellent?", She asked quietly back. Something in her voice made him restless and slowly but surely made him aggressive. Why did she do that? What did she want from him?
"Please answer my question, Professor Heikkinen," he replied dominantly and took a step back. He needed distance from her, her nearness suddenly crushed him and took his breath away.
"What do you want from me?"
“I wanted to talk to them undisturbed, face to face. Only the two of us, like back then. Alone. ”His face twitched. But he kept his lifeless expression.
“There are some things that Ms. Akthar doesn't necessarily need to know. She is already busy with so many projects, so I don’t have to add this burden to her. ”
"How lovely of them," Azazel growled with barely hidden anger in his voice. This woman upset him.
“I would look forward to working more closely with you, Azazel. Of course, the agreement I'm making is mutual if you understand what I mean? ”Azazel just nodded curtly.
“As you have learned, there are enemies out there that Ms. Akthar, or rather her research, perceive as a potential threat, much to our misery. These people are very good at what they do. Just like her, Azazel. "
With his head tilted, he looked at the human woman in front of him. How would it taste ...?
“Despite intensive efforts, we were unable to stop them. And that's where they come in. "
She took a step towards him and looked straight up into his glowing eyes. She seemed to know exactly what thin ice she was walking on. The wind tugged at her wild curls, making her perform a crazy dance.
"I plan to use them for ... jobs outside. It would be your chance to get to those who want to harm Ms. Akthar. And isn't it your most intimate goal to prevent this? "
For a moment he could only stare at her in disbelief. Then he put his head back and burst out laughing heartily. He hadn't heard anything so funny in decades.
"Do you seriously think she wouldn't let me go to you? She would never allow that, ”he replied after calming down. He had to giggle again. In her naivety, she was just ready to shoot. When was the last time she saw real life?
"But it will. Do you trust Azazel. "
"Trust is something for the weak, Professor."
"Then I feel very sad for her. Because trust is something you have to fight hard for. It is the most valuable feeling we know. "
"It's better to be without it, believe me, I know it." Sadly, he turned away and looked up at the sky. He always reminded himself of it. Why couldn't he leave it behind? Let the past be gone?
"I'm sorry for them. But I can tell them nothing else than that: without trust they are only a shadow of themselves. Everyone needs allies to accompany him through the unpredictable life. "
He silently let the wind blow around his nose and took in the fresh morning air. He had someone like that. HIM. But from Nobody was allowed to know HIM. That was the only way he could protect them both.
"Assuming I would go into your offer, how should I do it? How am I supposed to smash this mysterious group? ”, After a few moments of silence, he drove the silence away.
"No, they shouldn't." Confused, he frowned and looked for the human woman's gaze.
"You should infiltrate them. It's a pretty loose connection we're talking about. It has no name and no common origin, only its goal and a man connects it: Sari kakis. They have to get to him, any other attempt would be doomed to fail. ”
Azazel could barely control himself and keep his mask. A flickering picture of the man from Brussels shot through his mind. Could he be the leader of a secret underground organization? His thoughts drifted away, back to the past.
Sari kakis and his men had been there and w he was looking for something. But after what? The bioweapon, as the man who had tried to question him thought? Or had her focus been on something completely different? Maybe she knew it, after all, Janssen had been her subordinate. But how should he ask her? She would want to know where the information came from and he couldn't lie to her. She would notice and be disappointed. He couldn't do that to her. He had to find another way.
"I will think about your suggestion that you gave me have submitted, ”he said only vaguely to the professor. She just nodded as if she had guessed it and turned around.
"Do we want to go back in? I'm getting cold. "
He gave an approving hum and the two started to move. This time Azazel paid more attention to where they came from, who knew if he couldn't use this route again? Down a flight of stairs. Left Right,
left, straight ahead. Down a flight of stairs. And another one. With difficulty she braced herself against a heavy door and pushed it open piece by piece. He followed her silently.
The door closed surprisingly quietly. He paused for a moment and eyed her. It almost merged with the surroundings and was only visible to a viewer who knew where to look. Was it built specifically for such a purpose? To create a secret connection? He turned thoughtfully and followed her through the maze of corridors. Slowly but steadily the volume and the pounding of many hearts around him grew and he looked around in alarm. He recognized where they were.
Azazel and his companion stopped on the bridge, which spanned a huge hall in which people apparently used to eat their meals. He had come here when he had followed her to his first meeting with Heikkinen. He had only been here for a very short time, but somehow it had stuck inside him and now he remembered again.
His melancholy gaze wandered over the ant-like bustle in front of him. The people all wore white clothes that hardly differed between men and women. Both genders were represented in almost equal parts. Most of the women had their hair tied up or pinned up, but some of the men had grown long manes and curled them into a bun. They usually sat or walked around in groups, but he also noticed some sitting alone at tables. Hot dishes steamed on the plates in front of them, and the constant rustling of human voices filled the air. Melodies piled high and high, but there were never moments of silence. Someone gave loud laughter as an interlude.
Inwardly he despaired more and more. It was so terribly normal. They were so carefree, so free. they knew nothing and that made them lucky. He despised his feelings, but could not help it: he envied her for their ignorance. He hated her for her zest for life. He was angry with them for their lightheartedness while enduring hellish torment, cut off from everything he loved. How they kindled the fire of his hatred on everything and everyone in the world. He wanted to destroy, tear and kill. You shouldn't experience joy if it wasn't granted to him! You should see what the world really was like. You should suffer. You should die.
Mastered with difficulty, he pressed his lips together and turned away. He had to leave this place. He couldn't stand it any longer. Azazel noticed the professor's attention on his laboriously held face. If she suspected something of what was going on in him, she kept those thoughts well hidden. He gave her a pleading look. He felt the hunger deep inside him. Razor-sharp claws playfully scratched your prison walls. It was a promise: soon. Azazel paled. He couldn't let that happen. Never again.
"Please," he started softly in a tight voice. It took all of his self-control not to show (or at least not to the full extent) his inner struggle.
"Let us not stay in this place any longer."
The human woman cocked her head and looked at him closely. Already now she knew more about his soul than any living person in the world. He suddenly realized the power she was holding in her hands. She had him more than she ever had. He listened to her and had no choice but to believe her words and trust her.
She nodded and turned away from him. For a brief moment he allowed his mask to slide off his face and to give an insight into his inner self. He followed. And he was followed by two delighted smiling eyes that had seen what no one should ever have seen.
The exercise room, July 4th, 8:59 a.m.
He was alone. Completely alone. No one was watching him, no one was speaking to him, forcing him to listen. How he loved it. No masks, no hide-and-seek, no careful probing, just the pure truth.
His heart was pounding slowly as Azazel moved to the next position. His stunted muscles were stretched again and he savored the sweet pain. How he had missed it. Thai Chi still helped him best to loosen his mind and strengthen his body. He deliberately released himself from his position and smoothly slid into the next. His breath deepened and he felt his inner self gradually calm down. His thoughts flowed lazily past his inner eye.
What should he say to the professor? If he trusted her, he would put his life in her hands. What would she do with it? Pick it apart like a flower? Crush it? But he couldn't say no, either. It was his only chance to escape his prison and look for a way to make it harmless. Maybe this mysterious Sari kakis helped? Wasn't it his and his group's goal to take action against Bioresearch Cooperation? However you turned it around, there was only one answer.
With dull anger in his stomach, he loosened his maltreated muscles. He hated hearing someone. It was unnatural. It wasn't his position. But there was no other way out of this misery. But when he thought about it that way, he couldn't tell the human woman. He had to hide the fact that she had something against him. Maybe she wasn't even aware of it and he would only bump into it? Something told him it wasn't, but who knew what was going on in human minds? Azazel definitely doesn't. But he could and that risk, he didn't want to die. He had to make a pact with her that she couldn't dare to break. But to do that he had to get his hands on her. Only what? A cold smile slid across his face. He knew something there. Or someone.
"Hello creature," came the sound behind him. When you talk about the devil ...
"Greetings, human," he replied in an icy voice and interrupted his exercises. With flashing eyes, he turned and looked at Alexis Sanchez.
"What gives me the honor?" Asked Azazel right away, without paying attention to the subtle undertone in the human voice.
"I just wanted to talk to you again. Our last conversation was far too long ago, don't you think? ”Azazel frowned at the man in front of him:
"Where did the sudden change of mind come from? If I remember correctly, did they prefer bars between us to have a conversation with myself? ”
Man just looked at him for a few heartbeats without making a face. He seemed to have to think. A smile split the man's lips and chased Azazel's soul. There was something wrong with it. He felt it.
"Yes indeed. But I didn't come alone. "
The man took a step to the side and opened his eyes - did she? His heart skipped a beat. It was her. The time of freedom was over. She would know. She always knew everything. It was hopeless. Why was he trying to have hope?
"Hello Azazel" The addressed winced without it
to be able to prevent. He was exposed to her defenseless. As always.
"I've been looking for you. I thought I lost you again. "
"No, I'm here and I'm at your disposal," he replied hastily. Too hasty? On the edge of his field of vision, Azazel saw Sanchez's eyes narrow. But he couldn't change it now.
"What have you done here?" She asked in a velvety voice. She took a step towards him. Fear clenched painfully in his heart and slowly let it flow away. It started to beat faster. He was powerless against it.
"I have been practicing," he answered the question, but was unable to suppress a tremor in his voice. She raised her eyebrow questioningly.
"Practiced? Wherein?"
"To serve you with all my skills."
And it was the truth. If only a fraction. But everything he would do to her in the future served only one purpose: to save her a lot of pain and suffering. She would understand. At least later, when it was all over.
She tilted her head and looked at him with a curious, but also incredibly cold look. He felt like a lamb on the slaughter bench. If he wasn't careful, she would shred in the air. The silence lengthened and slowly came to an area where it was becoming uncomfortable. Then Sanchez spoke up:
"Well then, do we want to start? If I remember correctly, we have a very limited time window for our next task. "
Azazel almost thanked him for drawing attention. But just almost. Somehow he sensed that what was to come would not be very pleasant for him. It has always been this way. Why should it be different this time? She nodded and motioned Azazel to follow her. He hurriedly followed the silent order.
The meeting room, July 4th, 9:30 a.m.
Azazel focused his eyes on the assembled people in front of him. They had taken a seat at an oval table and gradually fell silent. The noise level in the Space sank and the eyes focused on the person at the very top of the board. He himself was hiding in a small niche at the other end of the room and could watch the people in front of him through a fine crack. A mirror hid him and made him invisible to the inattentive viewer. She had assigned him this place and told him to watch everything closely. Afterwards she apparently wanted to know his observations. Why all this, of course, nobody had told him. How could it have been otherwise? He threw only a means to an end for her, not a living being.
He blinked wearily to calm his watery eyes. The sleep deprivation was still noticeable. But he couldn't afford to make a mistake now. The silence in the room was almost perfect. Only the breaths and the constant pounding of human hearts reach his ear. It was mesmerizing.
A loud crash tore him out of his trance-like state and he ended up in the here and now. Panting violently, Sanchez dashed into the room and hurried towards the only free space. Azazel didn't see the slightest emotion on her face, but now he knew her so well to know that such rudeness and disrespect offended her. She was very particular about her authority. That would be trouble. Azazel couldn't help but grin, even if he knew how childish it was.
The soft murmur that had accompanied the late comer faded away. The eyes turned again to the front. For a few moments she visibly enjoyed the tense silence and the attention that was given to her. She made her staff wait, Azazel realized. It was a more or less clear demonstration of their power. It was familiar terrain for him. He sighed silently. At least something.
“I warmly welcome you to our meeting today. We have a pretty tight daily schedule, so I'll start right away. ”
She turned a little to the older bald man next to her, who nodded in agreement and rose. He picked up something, but Azazel couldn't see exactly what it was from his position. He loosely held the mysterious thing in the air and pointed in the direction of Azazel. What was he doing? He frowned in confusion.
"Here you see the numbers from last week. As you can see from this graphic, the announcement has to increase the safety precautions on international transports, unsettles the stock exchange and thus ... "
The deep bass voice of the human sounded monotonously. Azazel didn't understand a word, although the English the man spoke was understandable to his ears. Azazel observed how the lips formed syllables and these in turn formed words, which resulted in sentences. But they were devoid of any sense. At least for Azazel. He looked away from the lecturer and looked aimlessly at the ground. He sighed silently again. When did he stop trying to understand? When did he start to listen without questioning the meaning of the words? Only when she broke it? Or earlier? Before, before his time out, he thought sarcastically, he had done. He would never have thought of just accepting something like that. In this regard, he had been like human beings, even though he had realized earlier than them that some secrets were better left uncovered. It was sometimes better that way.
He tried to suppress the rising memories, but they squeezed into his mind's eye.
Death had been harvesting abundantly. Blood soaked the fields and colored the snow red. Millions of fat flies covered the violated bodies and let the air rustle. She looked up at the sky. A mighty swarm of crows circled the horror of the earth, ready to sit on the richly laid table. Her countless wings darkened in the sky; the sun was just going down and bathed the world in shadow. Grief
she came over as she looked around. They had all died such a cruel, senseless death. And only because of their ignorance. She was guilty of all of that. She had done it.
Even her cold, stone heart jerked as she walked between the cruelly mutilated corpses. It was almost only children. Her parents were further back. They had forced them to watch their own flesh and blood be massacred before they fell victim to the blades themselves. Why all this? What had she done?
Terror gripped her soul. She had walked across battlefields many times. But this time it was different than usual, it was more intense, it was more real, it was closer. Because she was the reason for it. Her hand had wiped out all these lives. She might as well have been in the hatchet, what did that change? They were dead. They were looking for him and she knew it. Here was what was wanted, the heretic, the traitor. Judas. An entire community, simply wiped from the ground. Only because of one thoughtless little remark from her, thrown like a bone to the dog.
How could she have guessed what religion could incite people to do? Should she have guessed?
Azazel shook briefly to throw away the past. It was over. He couldn't change it anyway. Still, the hard knot in his throat didn't want to come loose. With icy horror, he remembered his actual task. He involuntarily winced and turned his gaze back to the people.
They sat there unchanged, only now was another one of them talking. Azazel pricked up his ears to understand what he said:
"Please don't get me wrong, Ms. Akthar, but I don't know if this collaboration will be successful. It's not up to them, but - "
"I understand. Then what is it, Mr. Richter? Why doesn't the German Association of Biotechnology want to join our project? ”She asked with an understanding smile. Azazel could only imagine how much it simmered in her. But she hid it well. Strikingly good. What if ... she had borrowed something from him too? Could it be possible? Could she have lied to him? Doubts grew in him. Was everything just a lie? Love, trust? A feeling of approval rose in his chest, almost jubilant. HE.
At the same moment Azazel forced these thoughts out his head. It couldn't be true. It wasn't true. It was true. He loved her. If he wasn't afraid. He was weak. That was it. It was all up to him - wasn't it?
The doubt had settled in his heart and nothing and nobody could drive him out of it. Stubbornly he continued to whisper terrible things to Azazel, she would be his doom, she would only use him, and she would not love him. He struggled to concentrate on the present again and tried to ignore the ugly little voice in his ear.
"... superior decided it, but I also regret it trust me not to invest together with them. But I'm just a messenger and not authorized to make decisions. ”She nodded and started to reply, but was interrupted by a long-haired woman on her right:
"Ms. Akthar, let's be honest: what is there about this project that could convince us? I don't want to sound rude right now, but they have given us very little to work with. Maybe your mysterious project has not yet been completed? Please explain it to us again. We may be able to eliminate existing ambiguities in this way. "
Her expression turned to stone and she looked at the ground, which removed her face from the people but also from Azazel. Her hair slipped into her forehead and covered her face like a veil. It seemed to have to collect first. Or to fight for mastery of their facade. She introduced herself upright and - smiled. Azazel jumped. It was horrible. So cold, so lifeless.
"But of course I can present to you again what we would like you to participate in." People's heads followed their every move. Now Azazel knew what they had reminded him of all the time: lurking predators. But who was their prey? They?
“For some time now, my company has been working on a new, promising project that has never been seen before. We called it the Moira project. We suffered many defeats, but we have now made a breakthrough. Our first prototype is ready. May I introduce: Azazel. "
Somehow he managed to keep an emotionless face and as if on cue from the shadows into the light to kick. He didn't know how he knew about his assignment himself, nobody had told him anything before. But wasn't it obvious?
That's why she had let him put these things on. He was wearing a perfectly fitting jacket and an apparently white shirt underneath (he couldn't say exactly, he didn't see any colors). His pants were made of denim, but still felt very soft. Elegant footwear perfected its look. He couldn't have known, but he looked extremely stylish and yet casual. How she wanted it.
A collective hiss went across the room. He rolled his eyes inwardly. Yes, he looked strange. Yes, he knew about it. After so many centuries, people's reactions only annoyed him. Why couldn't they even let it go? Slowly she stepped in front of him and looked up at him with a smile. His innards seemed to melt and he felt incredibly happy at one stroke. He had managed to please her. Wasn't that why he lived? Her eyes meant to trust him. What he did.
"And what is so special about him now, apart from his ...", the long-haired woman from earlier looked for the appropriate paraphrase,
"... special appearance? What is special about your project? What is that all supposed to be? “, she wanted to know angrily. She just nodded, apparently pleased to be asked the question.
"See for yourself," she replied shortly, pulling something out of her Skirt pocket. A folding knife, as he recognized after a few moments. What was she up to? Why did she snap it up? She stepped up to him and so quietly that only he could hear it, her whispered words reached his ear:
"Don't move." He nodded barely noticeably. He trusted her.
Why not?
He stared straight ahead and forced himself to hide his surroundings. He breathed in. He exhaled. A sharp pain in his cheek irritated him a little. What happened? He felt something damp run down his skin. Had she seriously scratched his cheek? Why did she do something like that? He continued to look unemotional. He already felt his wound start to close again. He had almost forgotten how fast it was going. But only almost. Astonished murmurs went through the room. And suddenly he realized what she wanted to do with it. You should see its invulnerability and support it in doing so ... yes, actually? What was this mysterious Moira project about? What did it have to do with him? Or - was it him? A project?
"What the hell ...?" Said a very overweight man on his left. He struggled heavily out of his chair and approached Azazel. This continued to only try to stand and breathe. Further back he saw someone jump up and approach him. He was getting restless. There were so many. You were so close. Too close. He stifled the urge to back away as a fleshy face came into view. His cut was now faded into a line, barely visible on his fair skin.
"It has to be a trick. They are deceiving us all, ”came the shaky voice of a bald man. He stood half-erect on the board and held on to the table top. He looked fragile. What was someone old doing here? She looked over to him meekly:
"No, I don't, Herr Richter. It is really capable of faster regeneration. Thanks to our serums. "
"Prove it," said the old man.
"Azazel," her voice cracked across the room and the excited murmur around her instantly ceased. Azazel amazingly managed not to flinch this time, just to look at her.
"Put your hand on the table." He did as he was told.
"Pick a finger, Mr. Richter." The old man rocked his head and didn't seem to know how to behave. There was silence.
"The little one," he finally gave in and sat down with a sigh.
"Break your little finger," she gave the command.
With a barely noticeable hesitation, Azazel reached for his finger. With a rigid face, he encircled the chosen limb and took a deep breath in and out. She wanted it that way. So he did it. It was like that now. He pulled his finger hard and there was a disgusting crack. Pain shot up his arm through his veins, but he managed to give only a brief hiss. She wouldn't approve of more.
He didn't think what he was doing for his mother’s when he looked coldly at the finger that stood up at a disgusting angle. A collective groan went through the crowd.
"Did he really just ..."
"By Allah, he is real ..."
"Oh my goodness what ..."
As always, his self-healing powers started immediately. An ever tingling tingled from his maltreated knots ochen out. There was a fine crackle, but the noise of the people swallowed it up. Azazel felt it more than hearing it. But he also knew enough how it sounded. It had accompanied him through the millennia.
"Shut up, everyone!" Demanded a scratchy female voice from the crowd.
Suddenly the people fell silent. Now they heard it too. How his bone slowly returned to its natural position, then faster and faster. And it hurt like hell. Well, it was null and void compared to the pain he'd been through in the past few months. That's why he kept his face as a very loud crash made the people around him flinch. His finger looked straight again now, but it was only on the inside that he started to grow together again. It would take a little longer because bones did not heal as quickly as meat.
Following a sudden inspiration, he took his hand off the table and elegantly moved his fingers. He pretended it didn't hurt at all. He wanted to grind his teeth with agony.
"Do you see, Herr Richter? Am I lying? ”She asked into the eerie silence of the room. The person addressed was sitting in his place, head buried in his hands, and only nodded silently: he believed her. And everyone else in the room. A low murmur resumed:
"I think I have to correct myself ..."
"So it's actually true what Ms. Akthar ..."
"I have to notify my manager and ..."
"It sheds a whole new light ..."
"Well, let's see if we can continue. Mr. Sanchez, are you escorting Azazel? ”She ordered with a smile on her lips.
His face clenched into fist, he came up to Azazel and passed him, naturally accidentally bumping into Azazel. This kind of childishness was somehow opposed to him at the moment. He felt drained and very tired. His hand ached and he wanted to be calm in front of the people. And especially you. Somehow everything became too much for him and he would have loved to sink his blade into someone, to keep hitting it until there was no more life in the body and beautiful blood Soaked the floor. But he was not allowed to, no matter how luring he was.
Azazel followed Sanchez outside, without looking back.

Chapter 12
The hall, July 10, 2:30 p.m.
"Come on," she shooed him away with a small gesture. Trembling with tension, Azazel looked back and forth between her and the high ceiling of the hall they were in. Was he really allowed to ...? Did she really just ...? Then everything around him became unimportant and blurred. There was only one left in this world.
With a jerky movement he opened his over-long wings. It hurt, but he enjoyed that sweet pain, showing him what he really was. He drew the air deep into his lungs and all his muscles tightened. Deep peace pervaded his mind and erased every worry, grief. He pulled himself powerfully and flapped his wings. With a thud, gravity gave way under the force of his movement and he shot up. He kept pushing the wings down and swinging himself higher in the air with every movement. Wind-chilling fingers brushed his face and he enjoyed it like the touch of a long-forgotten lover. He was perfect again.
He climbed higher and higher and let himself be enveloped by the unforgettable feeling of flying. His heart beat faster and pumped energy into every cell of his body, however distant, his muscles trembled with exertion and also total bliss. He was in his element. He was it. Forever and ever.
Somewhat sadly, Azazel noticed how he came closer and closer to the ceiling that blocked his way up. It had to be enough, even if his body wanted more. He turned a little awkwardly and went on a gentle glider flight. For the first time, his eyes slid down again. To her. She was standing in the same place where he had left her and watching him with the head back. For the first time he wondered what he was looking at. Funny that it occurred to him right now. He had never been interested in his whole life, so why suddenly now? But he did not want his reunion with his only true love to be spoiled by such human emotions. It didn't matter.
He gently flapped his wings and sank down a little to avoid a pillar that cut the air in front of him and seemed to be carrying the ceiling. He dragged himself across the room to - the alcove that had been entrenched when HE revealed the full truth about her. Azazel shivered and quickly suppressed any further emotion that came up, concentrating again completely on the feeling of the wind under his wings, which he had missed so painfully. It shuddered through his body. His breathing accelerated. He was out of practice. It had to get back to its old shape. But what if she didn't let him train?
A fine buzz swelled in his wrist, but Azazel ignored it and playfully made a screw in the air. A smile from the inside played around the corner of his mouth as he shook a few strands of his hair out of his eyes that had been stolen from a bun. Again he thought he felt a gentle vibration, but surely he only imagined it. Where should it come from?
A sharp pain hit his arm and made him cry out in shock. He caught himself spinning before he could sink further. What was that? With watery eyes, he looked down at his wrist. Dark, star-like rays of scorched meat emanating from the gift bracelet ran across his pale skin. Carelessly, he bent his hand a little and immediately a crushing pain shot up his arm. It was her. It must have been. Why did she do something like that? What should -?
But Azazel was no longer able to complete the sentence, because the next whip shot through him and made him groan in agony. With clenched teeth, he put his wings on and went into a steep dive, which he had perfected by centuries of watching birds of prey. Shortly before the inevitable collision with the hard earth, he opened his wings again and came fluttering heavily in front of her. The wind it caused made her hair dance around her like snakes around the head of Medusa.
He went out of breath to ask her questions, but before a syllable could form, her hand hit him. Unprepared for the irritating pain in his cheek, he flinched and stared at her stunned. He forgot everything he could, his millennia of combat experience was null and void. Like a scolded boy, he held his throbbing cheek and only saw it with a mixture of bewilderment (which was absurd, considering what it had done to him by far) worse than a slap in the face) and contrite. Because he knew he had made a mistake and disappointed her again. Shame came up in him.
"When I call you, you have to follow, understand?" She chided him in a stern, cold voice and Azazel looked down and nodded. He understood.
"Look at me when I speak to you!", She foamed angrily and gripped his hand hard on the chin.
He let himself be put into the desired position without contradiction conduct until they looked into each other's eyes. What use would resistance have been? What had he ever used?
"If I tell you that you have to come to me, then you have you do that too, Azazel! Don't do that again, or I'll have to use harder bandages, did we get along? "
He nodded, but remembered the movement of a better man and answered with a clearly audible tremor in the Voice:
"Yes, I did, mother." He wanted to be an obedient child, a good child. He didn't want to be in pain, he didn't want to be punished. Never again. Never. Again.
"Good." She released Azazel from her relentless grasp.
“One-time buzz means that you are returning to me.
Remember that. And now come, there is a lot to talk about. ”With a zest she turned and stumbled away on high shoes.
Azazel carefully peered down at his burned hand. The drawing was already fading and hardly visible anymore. But the memory of the pain was more than fresh. He shivered without wanting to. She really had full control over him at all times of the day and night. So did she always know where he was? He fiddled nervously with the beautifully crafted chain links, but he had known for a long time that he could not get the bracelet off by himself. It was welded together and he would have to use HIM to destroy it. He was not without her supervision for a moment. His hope sank. How was he going to get outside help when she was with him all the time? Would she notice if he put it down? With her lips pressed together so that they looked like a thin line on his face, Azazel hurried after her. He didn't want to risk drawing her anger again. For today it was completely enough for him.
One course, July 10, 2:56 p.m.
He quickly caught up with her and walked silently next to her, his eyes lowered. His hand throbbed and kept the memories alive.
"Do you actually know the Morse alphabet?" She asked suddenly into the silence that envelops them. With a slight start, Azazel looked up at her and said softly:
"Yes, I do." He had already found it practical at the time, it had quickly become modern in his ... profession.
Others of his guild had also turned to this revolutionary technique, but he was one of the first to use it and had contributed significantly to the spread of this new form of communication. But now, as he had learned, there were a lot more and more complex methods of communicating over long distances. The phone, which had been so radically new to him, had lost its importance, even though, as he suspected, it still held an important position. It had been replaced by this internet. He hadn't understood exactly what it was, and much less how it worked.
Professor Heikkinen had explained it to him that he had to imagine it as an invisible network that connected everyone with everyone. Everyone had access to everything, all knowledge of the world was easy and accessible around the clock (it was still outrageous to him no matter how often he tried to visualize it), but everyone could see what you were doing, if you did not take appropriate safety precautions that were still prone to errors. You always forgot something and then they hit where you least expected it, as Azazel knew from experience. It was like real life. The internet was kind of creepy and his whole body tingled when he thought about it.
Total surveillance, which should create total transparency. Nothing good could come of it, he felt it clearly despite his lack of understanding of technology. Rulers had previously exercised control over their subjects. He had seen and experienced it. Sooner or later it was associated with a mostly bloody uprising by the oppressed and a overthrow of the system, only to return to the old after a while. Why should it be different this time? But if everything was connected to everything, it would not become one.
Cause catastrophe on a global scale if you only twisted a small screw?
Inwardly, Azazel shrugged and resigned once more. Should people do what they couldn't let. Should they perish again, what did he care? They were indestructible. Weeds didn't go away once they were sown. Earlier, so many centuries ago, it had been close to his heart and he had fought for and with, not against, people. Now he just didn't care.
"Azazel? What are you thinking about? ”Her voice tore him out of his thoughts. He winced a little more, trying to collect himself.
"I thought of how everything is different from my time," he said, describing his thoughts. He felt her gaze resting on himself, but this time it didn't calm him down as usual, but chased an icy shudder over his soul. She turned her head away again and looked straight ahead. Azazel turned a little relieved.
An elegant door opened in front of them, which opened as if by magic as they approached. Something worried him, but he was getting used to it. It also reminded him of his escape from the European Parliament, but this thought was now irrelevant. The here and now took precedence. It took precedence.
“The Morse alphabet is the key to communicating with us, Azazel. So we can always stay in touch. Just tap your bracelet and I will answer you. Isn't that great? We will always be together, ”she asked with a beaming smile and he managed to return it, even if he wanted to give a tortured, endless scream. It was the purest nightmare he was caught in now.
"Yes, it is," he agreed, looking at the familiar exercise room. Should he train again? What did she want him for? 
to prepare? He let her go first and slowly followed her, lost in his dark thoughts.
With a jerk she stopped and he almost stopped in sync behind her. He patiently waited to see what would happen now. And he was rewarded.
"Azazel, I'm sure you have questions about what a few days ago
happened. "
Yes, he did. But he knew better than to ask. If she wanted to tell him something, she did it on her own. You couldn't force them to do it. How should he have done it?
"I'm worried, Azazel. They don't let me rest in the evening and at night I wake up from terrible nightmares. “Compassion rose in him, even if he felt him flicker protesting against it. He already set it aside. He would deal with that later.
"What is your heart complaining about, mother?" He asked gently, turning to look at each other.
A hard lump formed in his stomach. When he looked at her, he felt no love. He only felt fear and ... burning anger. No, anger was the wrong word. It was too easy, too gentle. It was hate. Pure, pure hate. It was HE. But it was also Azazel. He was also Azazel. They were one and yet separate souls. Like the two sides of a coin. Inwardly he shook with disgust at himself. Which child hated his mother? He was a monster. But he would never hurt her, he was sure of that. Or?
"They circle me like vultures, ready to strike at the slightest mistake," she looked at him wearily, "The competition doesn't sleep. I had to show success. So you."
"Me?" Azazel asked in amazement.
What was so special about him? Except for the obvious? He was disobedient, ungrateful, and cruel to her. He had always disappointed her. How could she still love him? Did she even love him? Doubts grew steadily in his heart and spread more and more inside.
"Yes, you my child. You will help me create something great. ”She smiled blissfully at him. Azazel was just confused. What did she mean?
"And what would that be?", He wanted to know.
Her smile widened and she stepped closer to him. Too close, too close. Hunger slowly ate his way into Azazel's consciousness and he felt her seductive pulse throbbing beneath the delicate skin. How long has it been since she allowed him to eat? But he controlled himself and remained calm on the outside. Her body radiated an uncomfortable heat as she stood on tiptoe beside him to whisper in his ear:
“We will make perfect what is wrong. We will recreate man. This time really in the image of God. "
In a split second, the most diverse emotions ran across his face like a film. He was unable to think, he was too horrified at what she had revealed to him. What…? You really wanted ...? Didn't you realize that ...?
No.
That was the only clear thought he could grasp. No no no! Again and again it echoed in his head, buzzing through his mind like an angry swarm of bees . He couldn't let it happen. He was not allowed to. There couldn't be anyone like him. He didn't want to do this cruelty to anyone, not even a person. Nobody should have to suffer such a fate. It would end in unprecedented disaster if people became immortal. He had to prevent it. He had to flee, just away from her and her madness.
Now Azazel saw with all clarity what He had shown him all along, but he shouldn't have believed it and looked away, acted as if it wasn't there. But now he saw. He took a deep breath and hid every emotion behind a thick layer of indifference. He couldn't reveal himself to her, because as soon as she sensed something, there was every chance to escape from this deadly whirlpool of madness and blindness. But he had to warn her, contradict her, and stop her. Because he owed her obedience. Didn't she see it? The insanity of your idea? The consequences? Or was it like her? He broke away from her and looked at her.
But before he could form a word, there was an all too familiar sound. His eyes continued to slide behind her, to the opening door. For the first time since his stay in this place, he was happy to see him. The plague on two legs - Sanchez. Annoyed, she turned.
"What do you want? I'm in an important conversation right now, as you may see. "
"Yeah, I noticed that and I don't want to waste that much time, so get straight to the point: there is a pretty pressing problem that needs your attention." He paused dramatically and Azazel was glad that this fool was in Human form him from his inner shock
distracted.
"Now they say!", She exclaimed exasperated and rubbed her hair.
"Yes / Yes. I- “, the man started, but suddenly became from Azazel
interrupted.
"Down," said the latter in a loud, commanding voice that offered no resistance. As if stung by the tarantula, the man followed his command and let himself be thrown into the dirt.
At the same moment, Azazel spread his gift and created an invisible protective shield of pure energy around her and her. Balls drummed into it like autumn rain on the windowsill, but were stopped in the air by an invisible force. The whirring of the projectiles stopped as quickly as it had flared up and only the soft pling of the falling bullets could be heard.
With one movement, almost too fast for the human eye, Azazel overcame the distance to the hooded attackers whom he heard and perceived from a distance had, however, considered a couple of her subordinates. Luckily for her (and Sanchez Pech, as Azazel amusedly thought), his gut instinct had warned him in time.
He elegantly danced around the one still lying on the floor Sanchez and made his familiar katana - a sword like the samurai always wore - out of HIM. A silent sigh of delight escaped him as he grabbed it with both hands and rammed the first attacker between the ribs. It cut through the protective vest which he wore under his clothing and drove like butter into the tender flesh. A beautiful cry sank into gurgling. How he had missed it.
Azazel reluctantly turned the blade to the right, completely tearing the perforated heart. The man sank dead to the ground, but Azazel whirled around and with a fine hand gesture fought off the bullets that were now being fired at him. With the swing of his turn, he brutally threw the gun away with his elbow as the man was holding in his hand. A sound of pain escaped this and he involuntarily dropped it. These seconds of carelessness were doomed to man. Azazel completed the turn and raised the blade slightly. Blood spurted warmly on his arm when he stopped. There was a dull splash, followed by a lower tone - first the head, then the body hit the floor. Azazel knew it without looking up.
Hunger shot through him and his entire body twitched. He could, wrong, he no longer wanted to control himself. There was a lot of tempting tingling in the air. He couldn't resist.
With unreal glowing eyes, he literally flew to the next black-clad man and kicked him hard in the stomach with his foot. With a sudden gasp, the air escaped from the lungs and he worked forward. Azazel's knee snapped up and hit the attacker's forehead exactly. Unconscious, he slid off the ground. Two more - no three - were left left. His stomach contracted in anticipation of the feast, and like annoying flies, he chased away the bullets that buzzed around him. How senseless, how tiring.
A graceful guided cut ended another life, another hit the second one who sank down at his feet. A handful of mist flowed from his sword into his right hand and became a very sharp dagger in less than a blink of an eye. Azazel aimed and threw. With a choked cry, the last man sank to the floor, rocking the knife in his back. His escape was over for now (or more likely forever). It was dead silent, only the suppressed groan of the unconscious floated through the hall.
His stomach sent scorching waves through Azazel's entire body, and greedily his eyes wandered to the seriously injured man at his feet, who was holding the wound on his shoulder and senselessly trying to stop the flow of blood. There was an electric tingle in the air and Azazel's breath became difficult. At last he got his longed for gift, his reward.
"Azazel, not," her voice whipped through his swirling thoughts. He looked up dimly. He didn't understand and just stared at her. He felt like his skull was about to open and the world around him started to pulsate. His field of vision narrowed more and more until only she was visible. She aimed a ridiculously small pistol at him and he thought he saw something in her eyes - fear? In front of him? Good.
An animal growl escaped his throat and he took a step towards her. The vein on her neck was beating harder and this steady rhythm attracted Azazel like a moth to the light. There was only her. There was only hunger.
"No. Azazel, no! ”She ordered and the last of his mind made him pause. Her hands tightened on the narrow weapon and her lips pressed together until only a thin line graced her face.
"Please," it pleaded out of his throat, "I can't go on."
His body started to shake and he had to do all he could to avoid pouncing on her immediately. Without them, one would never let him see the light of the moon again. He had just that much sense together. Sanchez would take care of that and he would disappear behind bars forever. He still needed her. And she him.
Breathing heavily, she nodded and lowered the gun. It didn't need more. Everything around him disappeared into the delicious swirl of blood as he lunged for the dying man and dug his teeth deep into the soft flesh of his neck. There was only him and the all-consuming desire for the red juice of life.
The room, July 12, 8:31 a.m.
"I'll do it like you said," Azazel vowed, looking her straight in the eye. And he meant it almost seriously. Basically, everything was fine with him, as long as he escaped the oppressive walls around him. And if she thought he was her puppet, why not? Better she thought of him than she knew the truth.
"Mr. Sanchez and Professor Heikkinen will familiarize you with the details", she got up from her chair and went to the door, "And Azazel", and she looked at him with a hard face,
"You know what to expect when you fail or disobey." Like a cold pinprick, the well-known fear jerked through him and he nodded hastily.
A cold smile played around the corner of her mouth for a moment, then she jerked around and left the room. With an uncomfortable tingling in the neck, he watched her go. His fear of the agony she might inflict on him kept freezing him and giving her power over him, that he had learned to hate so much. He had learned to hate her again. Everything was as before. Well, almost everything.
The silence descended like a shroud. He could be hers Hear hearts beat. This steady, mesmerizing rhythm of life ...
"Well, Azazel, let's start," the annoying voice of Sanchez tore from his thoughts. Azazel nodded slightly.
"You will train until you are fully operational again. You can now move freely in this area of ​​the facility, but not further outside, understand? Closed doors remain. Otherwise you know what to expect. "
Azazel mocked an eyebrow to irritate this arrogant villain. He had learned to love this sport. It just didn't get boring. It was just too cute to see how he lost control and jumped up and down like a rabid rabbit.
“Every morning you report to one of the three of us and do everything we tell you to do. Without contradiction, of course. "
"As you wish," Azazel replied simply.
Sanchez looked at him in confusion for a moment, but then continued. What did he expect? For a long time, Azazel was not as careless as he thought he was. If he wanted to, he could be very patient and wait. On the right eye lick. But now he had no time for such games. He had to escape and this path only led to absolute obedience to people. Even if it was the most humiliating thing that had happened to Azazel. He had to go through there now.
“Something like the day before yesterday must not happen again. We have to tackle the root of the problem and unfortunately we need God for that. Now come and show us what you can do. "
Sanchez got up and went to the door. With a few gestures on the wall, he opened it and stepped out. With an audible sigh, Azazel turned to the opening one Curtain too. What had he done to man that he loathed him so much? Well, he had choked him and almost killed his mother, but Azazel was in his hand and Sanchez could use him as he liked. Wasn't that knowledge enough for him? What did he want to prove to Azazel, but especially to himself?
"Let him go," the air carried the sound of the professor's voice to his sensitive ears. Somehow tired, Azazel looked up and looked at her silently.
“The youth don't forgive so quickly. Age makes wiser. You know when a fight is over. ”Azazel shook his head slightly. His open, long, white hair stroked his face.
"No, it doesn't. You just learn to endure life and to accept what cannot be changed. ”With these words he left her standing and followed the man out. A task awaited him.
The practice room, December 29, 8:11 p.m.
“The sun is going down in these minutes. It's so far, ”she said in a serious voice. Azazel looked at her expectantly. His entire body was consumed by the impending freedom to feel the pulsating life around him again and let the wind blow through his hair.
"Fly off. Don't forget your assignment, that's why we let you out, Azazel, ”she warned him sternly again, but he was too excited to be afraid. He would be free again, be free, and be free ... Shivering, he pulled himself together and replied:
"I will not fail."
She smiled contentedly. But something in her eyes was different since the incident, more and more often he caught her staring at him thoughtfully and turning abruptly when she met his questioning look. Was it because she had seen his true nature, his untamable thirst for blood? But they had known him before, why did she turn away from him? What had shaken her so much? Or was it something completely different that depressed her? She seemed so impatient lately.
"Is everything sitting correctly?" Asked Sanchez with a sullen look Azazel.
The latter gently touched the temple on which this new-fashioned device was sitting. A band tied around his head and held it in place. A delicate, but still very hard and resistant wire protruded from him and led right in front of his left eye. He kept irritating him when he appeared in front of his eyes, but he tried to ignore it as best he could.
The professor had attached it and explained to him that a camera (a machine that could take moving pictures - unbelievable, wasn't it?) Was hidden and recorded his eye movements. There was another at his temple, who took in the world before him. Programs were brought together (whatever that was again) and people could see what Azazel was looking at any given moment.
He was supposed to serve them as a flying spy. They had said something about not being seen on the radar or anything. He hadn't asked what this meant at all, but accepted it with resignation. The same with the infrared. He would never understand the new technology, he simply lacked over a century of development and understanding.
At least for the time being, it was only used in the air. But she had hinted that more would come in the near future.
"Yes," Azazel replied, folding his hands behind his back to hide that they were trembling. He couldn't show any weakness. Not in front of people.
"Follow the instructions that I will say in your ear. Now go. ”, She said with an unreadable expression on her face.
True, there was this thing in his ear through which he could hear voices. He felt a little insane when he could hear her velvety words in his head but she wasn't there. But slowly he got used to it, even if he winced every time. But just a little bit. Azazel nodded and turned. He opened the door cautiously, ready to slam it shut anytime the sun burned him. Glorious darkness shone out at him and he let out the unconsciously held air. With smooth He stepped out into the windy night and a tremor went through his innermost. It was back. The life. He was back.
The wind gently embraced his sharpened senses and stroked playfully through his tied hair. With a violent jerk he opened his mighty wings and pushed himself hard off the earth. A few violent wing beats and it was done. The air carried him higher and higher under his wings and he closed his eyes with relish, forgetting his real goal. The fingers of his only true lover stroked his peaceful face. His heart contracted with sadness and happiness. Soon.
"Azazel?" It squeaked in his ear and he winced again unintentionally. He knew what she wanted. He quickly opened his eyes and looked down at the world that was spreading beneath him. Dense forests adorned the hills and valleys. A river flowed sluggishly towards the sea and meandered out of sight. Huge mountains opened up very close to the horizon, the tops of which were covered by snow. Where was he It wasn't a rainforest as far as he could tell. So he was in the Alps? The Himalayas? Azazel frowned in confusion. No, it was different, even if he couldn't say what exactly. He shook his head with a smile. Well then, he would find out. But it was secondary.
He rose higher. The air around him became icy and a person would be miserably frozen to death. But he assumed the frosty temperature around him and continued to fly calmly.
"Go deeper again. The clouds are in the way, ”ordered hers
Voice.
Clouds, what clouds? He looked around uncertainly. If he looked closely, he recognized it too. The shapes beneath him were slightly distorted, as he knew when he was climbing the clouds. He had completely ignored it in his euphoria. Azazel plunged vertically and struck his wings vigorously to cushion himself. He gently turned to the right and flew a perfectly shaped bow. The landscape below became increasingly mountainous and the density of the trees decreased somewhat. He was approaching the mountains. Thoughtful again looked at the rugged tree tops. They kind of magically attracted him. They reminded him of home.
Azazel snorted contemptuously and dropped his gaze back to the ground, what the people were so interested in. At home. He had no home, no home. He was a stranger on a cruel, beautiful planet that he had learned to love despite all odds. This world came closest to a home, this feeling. And yet it was not where he was born. It was very far away, at a truly godforsaken corner of the universe. Even if he knew how to get back there, he actually didn't want it anymore. In the past, he had wished for this at the beginning when everything had seemed so horrible and different. But now he was no longer the same one who had fled this planet. He had become human, even though he was very keen to admit it. He had developed feelings and learned to master them. At least mostly.
"Go deeper." Azazel followed the command, but according to his own laws.
In order to distract himself from his dark thoughts, he playfully twisted loops in the air and let himself fall a good distance again and then to catch himself springily at the last moment. He giggled softly and he was amazed at how well he was doing did. Laugh. When was the last time he did it? In Paris, with madam?
"Stop doing that! Concentrate on what you should do! ”, Her voice interrupted rudely and he tore his belt.
"Turn around."
With a defiant somersault in the air, he followed through on her instructions. A sharp pain twitched through his hand and without looking, Azazel knew that she had been electrocuted to urge him to obey her orders. With an effort, he blinked the tears away from his eyes and, with clenched teeth, pushed the now-too-familiar torment aside. He let his mind wander and felt the familiar interaction of his muscles. The forest came closer and became denser again.
"Look for abnormalities. A camp or something like that. Our attackers are still around. Find them, count them, and then come back. "
Then they would be extremely stupid and Azazel couldn't (and didn't want to) believe that. Even humans had some level of brains and planning when it came to their hostilities anyway. But if she really wanted it ...
His eyes searched the world beneath him with concentration. But it was pointless. A whole army could be hidden in such a dense forest and he wouldn't have the slightest chance of locating it. Unless he used more than just his eyes . He gnawed his lower lip nervously as he made a decision.
"I don't find her that way. May I try something? ”, He asked, hoping that some kind of technical rocket science would get her. Silence. Nothing. His hope sank.
"Do whatever you have to do," suddenly sounded hers Voice and gave him permission.
He had never felt so relieved to hear her. At least she wouldn't punish him for going it alone. Maybe only because he hadn't listened to her immediately and had failed to play with the winds. But he could live with that. It was worth it.
With narrowed eyes he searched the earth in front of him. He sank deeper and deeper towards the tree tops. He gently felt her caressing his legs and arrived with a rustle on the tallest tree he had found. The forest creaked and groaned softly as a gust of wind blew through it.
Now it was time for his magic trick. Azazel's mouth twisted into a crooked grin. He exhaled deeply and filled his lungs with close air until shortly before the burst. After a few moments he emptied again and with the air flow his mind flowed out of his body. His body slumped lifelessly behind him, but luckily got stuck on the branch fork that he had chosen for this purpose. After all, he wanted to have a fully functional body when he returned.
Azazel's mind gathered into an invisible, wavering cloud and shattered in all directions. It merged with the branches and the life throbbing in them. He became one with nature's heartbeat. There was no other way to describe it. He was suddenly everywhere at once, felt everything at the same time, and perceived everything. It was the forest, it was everything. Searching, he continued to spread. Animals startled from sleep and branches shuddered at the touch of his soul. For a second his eyes caught in the shiny eyes of a young wolf, but he broke away with a heavy heart. How he would have loved to go hunting with him, but he couldn't. Soon.
He bumped into something metallic. Something dead. Something man-made. What he was looking for. He spread himself attentively around what was found. He watched his prey from the eyes of a sleepy mouse, but scurried as she closed her eyelids again and slept the righteous. Azazel didn't want to bother her.
Several tents stood in an oval circle and were brightly lit. People scurried back and forth and there was a lot going on. Azazel examined them closely. There weren't many, he only counted ten and he didn't really know whether he should be pleased or confused about their small number. But it didn't matter. He now knew where to look.
"Where did you put the pots back in? I told you they weren't clean yet! ”A broad-shouldered, light-haired woman was accused. A man with a badly disheveled bun raised his hands angrily on his hips.
"Now don't just turn freely about it! There they are! "
"But I see her there - oh, there." There was a giggle in the silence.
"You are really like an old couple," laughed a person sitting next to them.
"Shut up!" The speaker was snapped down. Metal rattled and people moved. They were so terribly normal. Didn't you know how close you were to hell?
But this man. He looked so familiar to Azazel. When he turned his head a little, he knew why again. There was a bulging scar on his neck. Where Azazel had bitten into and torn out a good piece of meat in his greed for blood. It was the same person from Brussels whom Azazel had almost strangled in his anger at humanity. What was he doing here
“I feel uncomfortable somehow. I think I better go to bed, ”murmured the man, sending troubled looks into the bushes. Did he feel Azazel?
"Do that. Not that we have to do without your well-shaped buttocks tomorrow," said the woman with a dirty grin.
"You would like that!" Laughed the person addressed, "And so that it is clear - you will never run behind me!"
"Oh come on, you want it too, rabbit," intervened the grinning man, grinning, "Assistant and boss, is something new."
"You are impossible!"
"Good night, Kristóf!"
In a flash he pulled his mind back together and tore it away from the action. The individual parts raced towards each other and crashed into each other hard. The violently billowing cloud of himself grew bigger and bigger until everything finally had its proper place. With a meandering movement he wriggled back into his lifeless body, oozes back to where he belonged and with a violent jerk Azazel awoke again in his body. For a few moments he just lay there breathing heavily in the rather uncomfortable position in which he had woken up. He'll have to get on with it once.
"Azazel? What happened? Finally answer! ”Came her shrill voice and he had to suppress a groan when horrible headaches flared up in his skull.
"All good. I- “, he started, but stopped.
No, he couldn't do it. If he betrayed people to her, she would be ruthless as she was, but she would be massacred. In the end, personally by him. He didn't want that, he couldn't do it. Not because people were somehow close to his heart, not at all. On the contrary, he didn't care about them. But they were too valuable to die. Perhaps it was his ticket to freedom. Its only.
"Azazel? What did you find? “, Her demand brought him into the
Reality back. With a wild determination that instilled some fear into him, he decided.
"No, I didn't find anything." Nothing you can find.
"Really not?"
"No, there is only forest and mountains here."
"Then come back and report to us."
With a groan, he rose and relaxed the aching back. How long had he been away? Minutes? Hours? He did not know.
With a soft flutter, a spherical owl settled next to him and looked at him with wide eyes. Azazel had to smile involuntarily. He liked owls. They were so majestic predators, precise and absolutely deadly, but they could also look like a two-year-old child who had just made it into the diaper.
"Who are you?" He asked her, still smiling in his mother tongue. She just cocked her head and stared at her.
"You don't have to say it. Everyone has their secrets. ”The owl rose in the air and its bright feathers brushed against his forehead.
"So you want to play?" Azazel murmured, pushing every grief to the far corner of his mind, where it was already quite crowded, since he was finally doing just about everything that had been bothering him lately. Which was not exactly little.
With a few strong wing beats he swung himself into the air and looked after the owl, which sailed away with its wings spread over the sleeping forest. Unfortunately, he couldn't follow her as much as he would have liked to. She was waiting for him. And she would not be pleased with his disobedience at all.
A resigned sigh escaped him before he could prevent it. Startled, he lost control of himself and a violent gust made him drift away. He gritted his teeth hard and fought against the increasingly violent wind. A storm started. Now he was secretly happy about the relentless training program to which he had submitted. Without it would look even worse now.
He gathered his concentration and deliberately ignored the gnawing pain between his temples and the thumps in his hand. Where had he come from again? Azazel instinctively scanned the landscape for striking features that might have stuck in his mind. There!
He started there! He hadn't been as far from prison the whole time as he gritted his teeth.
It clung like a solid cube to the steep rock face that rose from the sea out of trees. It was literally overgrown with the rock and had an oval opening through which one could enter. Now he recognized the futility of trying to escape. The only exit and entrance was this airy opening from which he had come. Apparently people also always had to go in and out with various aircraft. Without it, it would be a fall into death.
He came closer and closer to his cage and icy, crushing hands closed around his heart. The short freedom was over. Time to put the masks back on.
The room, December 30, 1:02 a.m.
Azazel looked at him with tired eyes and leaned back in his chair.
"As I have said thirty times now and would be happy to do it again when it calms them: there was nothing. There are no people here and there. Only trees and trees again. Occasionally a rock, but that's about it again, ”he etched towards Sanchez. How he got on his nerves.
Azazel just wanted to sleep. His stomach pushed back into his consciousness, growling softly. Oh, and eat something.
"You're lying, I can feel it!" The man accused him again.
Azazel’s was already threatening to tear very thin threads of patience anyway. He was tired of this meaningless discussion, making him a little nervous inside that Sanchez distrusted him. Although this was normal for him, he finally hated Azazel, but what if his permanent suspicion aroused the others? He had to get this man under control and as soon as possible. Unfortunately, Azazel had no idea how to do it.
"Believe what you want, it doesn't change the truth," he said resignedly and ran a hand through his hair. They were pretty much destroyed by the stormy wind they had been exposed to. But who cared what he looked like? Not him. An indignant gasp answered him:
"Are you calling me a liar ?!"
Azazel only looked at him for a long time, until this worm began to wriggle under his inhuman red look and had to look down. Won.
"Azazel, now I have a few questions for you. Don't worry, it will be quick, then you can rest ”, a female voice caught his attention and Azazel had to suppress a shiver.
How he hated that voice. She reminded him of the doctor. With inscrutable eyes, he looked up at Susann Black, whom he had seen for the first time in many moons. Where had she been? Why wasn't she there asking questions? It had simply disappeared after it landed, from one moment to the next.
He nodded to the human woman as a sign to begin. Just this round of questions and it was over. Then he could finally sleep.
"What was that language you spoke to the owl in?"
Azazel winced a little, which made Sanchez raise his eyebrows. Arrogant bastard.
"It was - it is - my mother tongue," Azazel replied evasively, looking down at his tangled fingers in his lap. Now he couldn't say anything wrong.
How could he have let himself go like this? Why couldn't he have been careful? Angry with himself, he had to force himself not to grind his jaw and to stab people with eyes.
"Your mother tongue?", Asked Susann Black a little surprised.
Azazel nodded. He couldn't deny that.
"Where did you get them from?" Crap. How should he respond?
"In my homeland where I was born." That was the most general description he could think of.
"Where do you come from, Azazel?"
From the corner of his eye, the addressee noticed Sanchez leaning back grinning confidently. Fils de pute, he thought gritted his teeth.
"From another world," he tried to wriggle around the question.
"Where do they come from?" Asked the woman and this time her voice became cold as ice, "Mr. Sanchez you can fool yourself, but not me!"
"Ey, Susann, what the ... ?!" Sanchez was simply ignored by both. Sometimes he was more like a whining child than a grown man, a brilliant scientist.
"I'm not going to do this-" Azazel began, but a violent pain cut off his air to breathe.
With gritted teeth, he tried to master the pain. With a smile she watched his senseless efforts to hide it. Were all sadists here? She enjoyed his agony. Why was she able to harm him too? He thought that only she could?
"I think we get along, don't we?" Azazel avoided her eyes and nodded again. Resistance was futile. He was tired, he was hungry, and his head and especially his hand ached. He gave up. People had won again today.
"So again, where do they really come from?" With a slight tremor in his voice, he revealed himself:
"I was born in another world. I don't know how to translate the name because there is no such word in human language. My people called themselves, well, that's right not quite, but cloud dancers come closest to their real meaning. "
"There are people of your kind?" Now she sounded genuinely surprised and did not notice that, like Sanchez, she began to doze him. How rude, after all, he hadn't offered the "you" to them yet. And Azazel would never do it that much was clear.
What did she expect? That it was made of air and love? Azazel thought sarcastically.
"Yes, there was one."
"There was?"
"Fatality broke in over us," Azazel looked sadly at the woman, "The same thing that awaits you humans."
Confused, Sanchez frowned and synchronously. Of course they didn't understand. How would you know? They were too young, too young for that. They didn't remember. People forgot so quickly. That had always been her biggest mistake among the many that Azazel had collected over time. He would have to write a book about it sometime. Or rather an entire library.
"What do you mean?" Asked the man, clearing his throat.
"They all died." A little horror flickered across the human woman's face.
"What do you mean they all died? Why?"
"It's always an irony of fate," Azazel said with a smile and stood up. With careful steps he went to the table next to the people. All that was left now was to separate the fine silver threads that vibrated gently in the draft that Azazel caused.
"That kills us what we thought we defeated."
Their helpless faces spoke volumes. He loved having the reins in his hand again. At least for a short moment.
“We also believed that illness and old age, even death, could be prevented. Oh yes, we were even more advanced in our way than you are now. You rule the world and subordinate yourself to nature. Just like us. But our blindness, our disregard for what could come, made us fall deeper than we ever dared to dream. ”
Azazel thoughtfully crossed his arms behind his back and turned away from the two people. His eyes followed the repeated movements of the walls around him. They were so familiar to him ...
"What happened?" Asked the woman behind him.
“A plague broke out, against which we were simply powerless. It's actually funny if you look at it this way: the greatest was defeated by the smallest. David vs. Goliath. All of our achievements could not save us from this invisible enemy. ”
"A plague? Like the plague? ”Sanchez asked with disbelief in his voice and Azazel sighed silently. Why did he always have to question everything? After all, he couldn't check it out anyway. He had to believe what Azazel was telling him.
"Yes, a plague. Just a lot worse. Because she let us fall prey to madness. "
It sat still and motionless like a statue on the edge of the cliffs and dangled its feet merrily. A great expanse opened beneath him, which was filled with them to the point of bursting. The contaminated. As it was. A crooked grin spread across his face, turning his delicate features into a grimace of madness.
"I see you, I can see too. Do you see me? And you me? Who sees me I'm here? Or there? Here I am. Not. Hahaha. Fooled. But no. Keep your mouth shut! Be silent, finally be silent !!! “, his initial murmur increased more and more to a staccato of the scraps of words.
Azazel could not stand it anymore. This noise in his head, this pain in his body. His stomach choked and emptied, and it got dirty. It cooled his feverish skin. So beautiful, so good ...
"Come down there! To the others with you! “, It screamed behind him and Azazel felt something hard on his back.
"Leave me, it's my turn. Out with you! Are you coming to play with me? Hihi. Away, away, away, off the train, here I come! ”, Giggled free of meaning and was rudely lifted to her feet.
"Down to the others, I said!", His arm began to throb and hurt as the iron grip around him tightened and forced him to his knees. It choked again and a surge landed on the booted feet next to him.
His eyes swept aimlessly through the air. The world began to grow up before him, it expanded ever further. His head expanded in all directions and his face was relentlessly sucked onto the top of his skull. It cried out in horror and tried to escape from the icy hug. The screaming started below him as the air went up in flames. Biting smoke pervaded the air in a few moments, giving it the unforgettable aroma of burnt meat.
So that's why they all drove here. His mother, father, delivery boy, siblings, brothers and sisters came to him in a brief moment of clarity. So it was so bad about them that they saw no other way but to slaughter their own people and sacrifice them for the good of the still healthy? What did it matter? Azazel was in the final stages and no cure in the world could save it, there was so much spirit left.
There was a cackle in his ear and his horrified eyes widened as he turned and stared down at it from a bald eye socket. It started to cry uncontrollably. The skull melted in front of his eyes and thick drops splashed onto the dusty earth.
"Ahhhhhhhh! Help- ”, the rest went on in a nasty gurgling when a hard blow hit his throat.
It fell silently to the floor and crawled away sobbing on its stomach.
"No no no…"
It trembled and his heartbeat. And again, and again. It lay coughing on the floor and curled up into a small ball and only wanted to disappear. A glowing pain spread through his intestines, causing his mind (or what was left of it) to crumble.
“Make it stop, take it away, stop! but the! No, yes, yes, exactly, never, always, NOW! “, Azazel sobbed miserably and writhed in agony. It should stop.
Footsteps sounded next to him and boots came into view. Why didn't it Why didn't it kill it? Anger (what was anger ?!) spread in his mind. Kill me, kill me, and kill me. Nobody understood. So stupid.
"Down to the others!" The senseless command was repeated and it jumped up with an animal growl. Hate was the only thing that still controlled him. You didn't understand! Nobody understood! Pure, pure hate. It wanted to shred, destroy, torture, and kill!
Amazingly strong for his emaciated shape, he clawed into the soldier's uniform and brutally bit his muscular shoulder. The latter had not expected such an unforeseen act, although he was repeatedly told how irrational the contaminated people could act. That made it so difficult for the healthy. How should you understand insanity if you have never had feelings? If you had never felt a burning anger and longing for death? Joy? Sadness? Love?
Thick blood gushed from the wound and ran down the corners of Azazel's mouth, but it didn't let go. The soldier cried out in pain and kept hitting the gun hard, so that it finally let go of him. Because he knew that he had to get treatment as soon as possible to avoid an infection. Despite his pain, he saw that he couldn't get on like this. He pulled a knife out of one of his pockets.
The muscles under Azazel's teeth moved as the healthy man tried to get rid of him. But it wasn't in my dream to let go. Hunger rose in him and the tough flesh tore mercilessly. It needed it more than he did! A horrible pain exploded in his left eye and it finally let go of his actions.
With a startled look it fell to the ground and just stared at the pain-distorted face in front of him. The environment looked strangely distorted. It felt something damp spread over his face, but despite intensive acrobatics of thinking, he couldn't figure out what it could be. It felt no pain, it was numb. His chest rose and fell irregularly and there was hardly any air left.
The screams grew fainter and farther away. The world blurred before his eyes. The face in front of him dried up in a flash. The skin became hard and cracked and cracked open with a clearly audible ritsch. Vermin crawled its way through the rotting tissue. White shimmering bones were revealed and large pieces of leather skin sailed down. Death, he understood. Azazel welcomed him with a smile, he was no longer afraid. And took his last breath. His eyes closed and his heartbeat.
Boom. Boom.
Steps took off. It struck one last time? Boom.
Silence.
The night fell over the field of charred corpses, the cleanup had been stopped due to the onset of rain.
A fine trickle of dark mist rose over the wedged bodies and somehow crawled in search of the dead and ever closer to the body with the gaping hole in the face. He groped for a moment and gently swayed back and forth. Then he twisted around him like a snake mud-covered body, took possession of his new home. Black liquid slowly seeped into the deep notch the dagger had torn where a red eye had once sat.
Silence.
A (old?) New heart started to beat. Boom ... boom.
Boom. Boom.

Chapter 13
On the roof of the Basilica di San Pietro, Rome, Italy, March 3rd, 3:03 am
Azazel breathed in the clear night air with relish and looked contentedly over this ancient city on the Tiber. Cool wind made his long hair dance and he felt more alive than he had in a long time. Something was different, there was something new in the air, but he couldn't really put it into words. In the end it was pointless anyway. Why did you need words for everything when you could just feel?
Smiling like an angel, he looked down at the man next to him, who lay unconscious and bound at his feet. Somehow predatory, Azazel crouched next to him and imagined what his work would look like. His entire body tingled with suppressed excitement and joy. Today he would do it again. How he had longed for it, how he had missed it. How long was the last time? He couldn't really remember. Too long, that was clear.
She ordered he executed; as always. Time may have progressed inexorably, but some things never changed. She wanted to make someone disappear. Azazel did it. She wanted to send a warning to all of her enemies never to underestimate them. Because traitors had to be punished. Azazel executed.
With a hard blow in the throat, he woke the person from his contempt. Open eyes stared at him in fear. The man gasped for breath and at the same time tried to crawl away from his counterpart. A hopeless endeavor. But who could blame him? Humans became helpless infants again in their death. Good thing Azazel took care of him, who knew what else was lurking in the shadows?
With practiced movements, Azazel pulled the noose over the wriggling head of the man. The blow in the throat had taken his voice, but he made gurgling sounds that sounded like a pleading. Azazel smiled softly and stroked the man's sweaty locks from his face:
"Don't be afraid, I'll take care of you."
Man writhed more in his bonds. Azazel let out a disappointed sigh. Why did nobody always believe him?
"Come on," he said to the man, pulling him up with a strong jerk on his arm. He could hardly stay on his feet with fear. Azazel gently patted the icy cheek of the human being. His eyes became red ice daggers.
"Emilio Romano, you have committed shameful treachery and are hereby condemned to death for your heinous act. Your fate is meant to be a warning to all those who have similar thoughts about defrauding our splendid leader. Do you have any last words? So speak. "
The man's lower lip trembled as he opened his mouth:
"I ... I ..." he choked out, gasping. Azazel patiently looked at him with his head tilted. "Please ... have mercy ... I didn't want to ... please ... I have a family, children ... It wasn't my fault ... so believe me!"
"You should have thought about that before you betrayed her from behind," Azazel said coldly. Why did people think someone would ever have been persuaded by such a miserable stammer? Family. Children. Path.
Azazel didn't exactly gently put a bag of exactly thirty silver coins in his mouth and brutally pressed it to the railing. Below them, Piazza San Pietro opened wide and empty. There were hardly any passers-by at this dark hour, but that would change once he had completed and exhibited his work.
"Well then, farewell, Judas," Azazel whispered in the panicked man's ear.
With full force he rammed a knife deep into his intestines and pulled it across the soft belly of man with a perfect movement. Hot blood gushed out of the deadly wound and made the air with its bewitching "scent". It was actually an unnecessary waste of food, but orders were orders. Azazel should execute the traitor and send a warning to all of his fellow conspirators not to underestimate them. No one had told him exactly how to do this. He was able to let his imagination run wild.
The man groaned in agony and literally collapsed. Azazel pushed him from the roof of St. Peter's Basilica with one movement. A suppressed scream escaped the traitor's gagged mouth, but was quickly replaced by a nauseating smack of flesh against stone. Azazel looked down curiously next to the figure he was hiding behind. The dead body swayed gently in the refreshing spring breeze, and its intestines were beautifully draped on the cold floor of the square. There was a faint drip of blood when you listened carefully. So beautiful.
A high scream broke through the moment of prayer and Azazel l looked up annoyed. A young woman stumbled and screamed toward the hanging body, with an equally shocked man in tow. Exactly the reaction Azazel had wanted. He smiled happily and merged with the darkness of the night. He still could.
For the last time his gaze glided over the silhouette of the city of ancient Rome and for a brief moment he met that of the amazingly calm-looking man, as Azazel now saw, bad acne scars, standing unmoved beside the howling woman and thoughtfully the lifeless body inside Looked at moonlight. Although Azazel was fairly certain that he couldn't see him, he nodded to the man with a small smile before turning and into the shadows disappeared. Police sirens howled in the distance. Before they arrived, he was long gone and left them empty-handed and with even greater puzzles.
Aelius Bridge, Rome, Italy, March 9th, 4:34 a.m.
As still as a statue from times long past, Azazel stood on the stone railing of his favorite place and let his gaze wander over the city in front of him. A river meandered beneath him, the Tiber, through the old human city, divided it in two and disappeared from view. A smile flew across his face like a shy bird. He smiled far too little. Castel Sant'Angelo opened up just as big and showy as it did before it. He snorted amused. Angel Bridge. Castel Sant'Angelo. What an irony.
He breathed in the cool night air wistfully. He hadn't been here in so long. It was one of his favorite human-made places. Because of all the memories of the past that he associated with this city. Here people had blossomed, here they had created real miracles that had even amazed him and still did. St. Peter's Basilica, the lavishly decorated Sistine Chapel, the Colosseum, and the magnificent Pantheon. But Rome had also changed.
There were people everywhere, gushing out of every hole, suffocating the morbid, fragile beauty, gawking and patting everything they could get their hands on. They had become so primitive. Do you even understand the centuries-old marvels you saw? Did you recognize the stories and legends behind it? What absolutely great things the people before them had created with their minds and nothing but their bare hands? Probably not. But Azazel had given up on it. It just didn't work. He didn't want to waste his energy on such a senseless purpose.
There was a quiet rustle behind him. Someone came closer, desperately trying to make no noise. Azazel's good mood got even better. Of course they had already spotted him. How he wanted it.
Satisfied and relaxed, he closed his eyes and turned his head slightly so that he could hear the people who came better. There were three of them. They came closer and closer. Their hearts beat in a fascinating common mode, as if coordinated. And somehow scary too.
Two had drawn their guns and were aiming at him, only one man left his pistol stuck. He was apparently the smartest of the trio. The footsteps fell silent. You could hear trembling breathing in and out. Azazel had to smile again. They were afraid of him. At least they weren't as foolish as the first squad that was sent to kill him. They now served as a wonderful feast for the fish on the bottom of the Tiber. But what were they waiting for? Why didn't they attack?
Did you expect him to take the first step? Then it should be like this. Azazel turned his head back and his red eyes wandered again over the familiar contours of the city. A refreshing breath of wind caressed his face.
"Have you ever been to Rome?" Azazel asked into the surrounding silence and could almost hear the people wince. A gun was loaded. He didn't turn around.
"Not? Then you have the opportunity now. It is really a beautiful city, if not the most beautiful in the world. Just look, the Castel Sant'Angelo. Isn't it wonderful to look at? "
Silence. Hasty steps came towards him and something cold was pressed against the back of his head. Azazel frowned slightly disappointed. Couldn't you even have a more civilized conversation? He let out a sigh.
"Why are you doing this?" Asked a well-known male voice close to him. Azazel turned his head, smiling, and looked into familiar eyes.
"What am I doing, Kristóf?"
The addressee jumped, trembling, but left the gun where it was. How threatening, Azazel thought, amused.
"Stop doing that!"
"Oh, we're through you now?" The barrel of the gun bored harder on his temple. "All right then. If you tell me with what I think I should stop, maybe I will, but also nor maybe, consider refraining from doing it. "
Azazel smiled softly at the man and wondered if it would hurt his goal to break the neck of the man in front of him. Probably, he decided.
"Kristóf, listen a-", the second man started, but was interrupted by a flickering look at the addressee.
"Kristóf, let it go," intervened the third person - a tall woman. She put her hand on the barrel of the gun on Azazel's temple and gently but firmly pushed the gun down.
"Leave it, you two."
Anger burned in the man's eyes and he gritted his teeth. A not uninteresting development, as Azazel thought. He wondered what would happen next.
Sinister, Kristóf stepped back, keeping his eyes on Azazel. But he paid no attention to him, but turned his attention to the woman. It was the same as in the clearing a few months earlier when he was first allowed to leave prison. He raised an eyebrow questioningly as a sign of his curiosity.
"We both know you would have killed us if you or she-" Azazel couldn't stop wincing. The human woman did not miss it either. "- we wouldn't have fooled ourselves."
She came closer to him. She was a little taller than Azazel, so he had to look up. It felt kind of humiliating.
"Why didn't you kill us, Azazel? What do you want to talk to us so urgently? Believe me, some of us ”, she looked at the still angry puffing Kristóf with a smile,“ understood your messages that you sent us so ... poetically. ”
"She means the cruel, disgusting crimes you committed, murderers," Kristóf hissed, but the woman and Azazel paid no attention to him.
“I have to confess, Azazel, that you have caught his attention with your aesthetic… works. He seemed quite impressed, ”she admitted. Good. Very well.
Hopefully, Azazel's heart started to beat faster. It worked. His plan had worked, at least so far. Sari kakis had noticed him.
"I'm happy to hear that," he replied neutrally, because if he revealed himself too much now, he would ruin everything. He wouldn't get that far again. Now every step had to be carefully thought out.
"But if you would excuse me now, work is waiting for me," he said apologetically.
Because the more you said no, the more people wanted you, as Azazel had learned early on. You shouldn't feel like he wanted anything from them because he was kind of against the grain that it seemed so obvious to the woman.
With an elegant movement he turned and looked at the houses. His path opened in his mind's eye.
"Halt, what-" started the second man, who had been silent in the background.
Azazel ignored him and walked past him with silent steps. His open coat puffed up in the wind and gave him a mysterious, ancient aura with which he blended perfectly into Rome at night.
"What does she have against you, Azazel? What are you so afraid of? ”, She asked him so quietly that only he could hear it.
He stopped abruptly and looked back at the woman. Anger smoldered in his stomach, but he pushed her aside. People had to live as long as he needed them. It was not the right time now. He just looked at her for a long time.
"You have no idea, man, what agony is," he whispered, but knew she had heard it.
He had to look away so as not to let her see his weakness. But he knew that this gesture gave her more than enough. He gritted his teeth. He needed people, even if he hated them. He needed your help or he would be lost.
With a vigorous jump, he pushed himself off the floor and landed on the roof of a passing truck with an audible plong. He didn't take the time to find his balance, but crouched again and landed on a narrow traffic sign. Another jump and he got hold of the bottom bar of the iron balcony. With a smooth movement he heaved himself up and climbed quickly and with secure grips on the facade. When he reached the roof, he stopped for a moment and looked down.
Castel Sant'Angelo sits enthroned on the other bank of the Tiber, connected with a bridge decorated with figures. The three people hadn't moved an inch from where he'd left them. The faces blurred as he looked down at them. Old and new, hated and loved, cursed and revered faces flickered in them and for a moment set and time silent. Sadly, Azazel drove away the strange mood that wanted to take possession of him, and after a last indefinable look at the city so familiar, he scurried into the darkness and became one with the shadows.
"You can resume the records now, Professor," he said softly, "thanks for your help."

Bell tower of the Mezquita Cathedral Cordoba, Spain, 29 April, 2:02 a.m.
"Come closer," he said softly without taking his eyes off the sleeping city.
The person behind Azazel let out a barely audible snort and lowered the weapon, but did not move a millimeter from its place. Azazel sighed silently.
"Come on, I'm not going to bite," he said in a smoky voice into the mild night. At least not always, he added with a sarcastic smile in his mind.
Leather creaked as shoes wandered over the old rock. The presence of man increased more and more.
To his left, the gagged woman uttered tears of suffocation and tried to draw the visitor's attention to their predicament. Azazel noted how the person eyed the woman briefly, but then ignored her and went to the railing to his right. The wind picked up and Azazel turned his head to his guest. With a mocking expression around his mouth, he looked at the man's pitted face. He recognized it. He never forgot a face. Silence fell over them as they looked out into the night together. It was a full moon, but Azazel didn't know. The cold moonlight shimmered in his white hair and made his pale skin shine mystically. The full, reddened lips were slightly open and had a strange irritating effect. Azazel felt the confusion of the man next to him, but left it uncommented. That was why they hadn't come here.
"How did you like it in Rome? A really unique city. So full of history and… art, ”Azazel asked, smilingly looking into the man's serious eyes. He let out a screw and smiled back crookedly:
"Thank you, I've known Roma for a long time. But my paths had not led me to this city on the Tiber for a long time. It was nice to meet familiar things again. Seeing old friends again, right? "
He had a German accent, but like all the people he has met, he speaks fluent English. The man now turned completely to Azazel and leaned casually on the stone railing with one hand. Azazel frowned slightly confused. What did he mean by acquaintances? Had you seen each other before? He couldn't remember no matter how far back in his memory he went.
"You don't remember," the man from Azazel's mine game concluded.
"Unfortunately not. Maybe you can enlighten me? ”, He admitted with an internal shrug. There were more important things at the moment than not having to humiliate ignorance.
The man raised an eyebrow, slightly surprised, when he heard Azazel's answer in German, although as always that mysterious, singing accent remained. Azazel had it in every language. Maybe it was because his mother tongue was more like a chant than a human way of speaking? There were no words, just different melodies.
"Tallinn, Estonia. Graveyard, ”the man said simply, and Azazel's hands clenched into the hard parapet.
He had just managed to displace it, it almost took his mind and months of hard work! Why did this person have to remind him again ?! He didn't want to. Not the doctor. With his head bowed, he forced himself to breathe in and out. He closed his eyes and let the thoughts flow past him. Because he couldn't prevent it. It should stop. It was over, he reminded himself. The past could no longer affect him. Only the future. Or? He looked up sharply.
"You were there?" He asked in a low, threateningly hissing voice. The man seemed unimpressed:
"Jepp," he said only.
Azazel nodded as if he had guessed it and looked out into the clear night again. There was nothing more to say. This man had seen him for what he really was. Weak, fragile, disoriented in this new age. And its otherness. A knot formed in his stomach. He struggled to resist the urge to flee. Now he had to go through with all the consequences, no matter what. He had no time. There could no longer be of its kind. She and her devil's work had to be destroyed before it was too late.
"Why are you here?" He asked the man after a few minutes of silence, unconsciously playing with a strand of light hair.
Man had to swallow. It looked damn seductive-lascivious to him and for a moment he wasn't sure if really a man (or whatever it was) stood before him. What was going on ?! He shook his head to control his thoughts. Azazel did not even notice it, but waited patiently for the human response. What did he have? He suddenly looked so nervous?
"You asked me here, didn't you? Your ... clues were hard to miss. Why did you reject our first offer to speak in Rome? "
Now Azazel was certain. The three really belonged to Sari kakis, as he suspected. This man also had to serve him. Now he could continue with his plans.
"It was too early. I was - I'm being watched. Do you understand? It would have unpleasant consequences for me if my manager found out about it. ”
"But now the time has come?"
"Totally right."
Azazel looked the man straight in the eye and leaned over to him:
"I know what she intends to do."
"We know that too," replied the man with a mocking expression around his mouth.
Azazel flinched slightly, irritated. From where…? But then he felt it and let out a half choked laugh.
"Professor Heikkinen, right?"
"Exactly. It's great that they already know each other, which makes things a lot easier. ”
Now things became clearer for Azazel. She had been in contact with the people around Sari kakis the whole time. Hadn't she trusted him? Why had she blocked this important and much less complex road to freedom? Although she did can trust him at all? After all, he had been unrecognizable, broken by constant torture and drugged ... But now he was himself. As far as possible. The months with her in his head had left deep scars on his soul that would never heal. But the dull ache was a good thing, as it showed him what or rather what he was fighting for. He had another goal in mind and that somehow gave him support in this strange, new world, where nothing was as it seemed.
He frowned thoughtfully. Why did the professor help him at all and betray her apparently close confidante? Who was she? For the first time, Azazel noticed that he knew next to nothing about the human woman he had put his life in his hands. He shivered and fought the doubts that were about to take hold of him.
"What are you thinking about?", A male voice brought him back to reality and he looked up again, the person looking directly into the curious eyes.
The prisoner let out a choked gurgling, but was ignored by anyone. You could almost smell their despair. It hung in the air like the scent of carrion and stuck in your nose.
"Nothing to worry about," Azazel skillfully evaded and went straight on: "If you know what you're planning, you'll also know what I asked for. Because what she is striving for must be prevented by all means. ”The man nodded:
"Yes" he looked at Azazel tensely.
"I propose a pact to them. It should be useful for both parties, ”Azazel spoke again when silence began to spread between them. The man nodded again.
"I am giving them access to the person they are striving to remove from the throne. I'll help them with their… rebellion, ”said Azazel, spitting out the last word almost mockingly,“ But I ask for something in return, not much, but how do you say so nicely? One hand washes the other."
"What do you want?" Asked the man with a frown.
Azazel's lips curled into a predatory smile and the man involuntarily backed away from his sharp teeth.
"I want to know."
"Knowledge? What do you want to know? ”Asked the man, almost puzzled. Apparently he couldn't figure out Azazel's mysterious behavior. But he wanted to play something else ...
"Everything. Because if I have learned one thing, it is a person who is knowledge powers more than any money and any army in the world. "
"How do you imagine that?" The man tried to re-drill.
"Don't let that be your problem. Tell Sari kakis. You're only the messenger after all, aren't you? ”Azazel replied and turned to his prisoner with a zest.
She cried out with a shrill cry when she saw what he was about to do. Had been planning all along. But the scream disappeared into her gag and only a muffled sound reached the ears of the two on the bell tower.
"I would recommend them to go now. It could be a little unsavory now, ”Azazel said over his shoulder to his rigidly standing counterpart.
Nothing moved. Silence descended, broken by the suppressed sobs of the doomed. He sighed inwardly. Then it's not possible. Man already knew so much about him what was useful e to show fake consideration now?
Azazel was out of patience with the people and fed up to handle them with kid gloves. You should see what you are getting into and not have any false illusions. Wasn't it more honest anyway if they all played with open cards?
With a grace he was not even aware of, Azazel leaned down to the human woman and roughly grabbed her by the long hair. She struggled to her feet and stood shivering, held by his hand. Slowly he forced her head back, exposing her throat, which is now so beautiful and lay exposed in front of him. He pulled out a long knife from under his coat and thrust it violently from below through the delicate skin below the chin across the skull. With her eyes wide open she stopped completely for a moment.
Azazel watched with fascination as her soul disappeared from her eyes and her eyes broke. With a jerk, he pulled the blade back. Deliciously "fragrant" blood began to spill out of the wound and Azazel simply dropped the body. It hadn't been significant enough to make it a work of art. At least that's how she had put it, more or less. She hadn't been quite right to go it alone in the traitor's presentation at first, but she quickly discovered and developed the idea of ​​deterrence and warning behind it.
Azazel had to admit that it had impressed him, but also somehow scared how quickly she could turn into a cold-blooded warrior from now on. In one moment she was a Madonna-like, gentle mother, in the next she ordered several people to be tortured to death without even batting an eyelid. In the meantime Azazel had also admitted why he couldn't do it with her, but also not without her, would love to kill her and still didn't have the heart: she reminded him of himself as he had been. Before, before his captivity.
Azazel stared at his tarnished blade, which was still heavy and familiar in his hand. Light waves ran up and down on it, which you only noticed when you looked closer. To inexperienced looks it looked like an exotic black weapon, but it was so much more ...
A thick drop of blood loosened and flew towards the earth, staggering slightly. As if hypnotized, he lifted the dagger closer to him and gently stroked the surface with his free hand. He felt him almost purr like a cat among the Pats from her master. A smile settled on his lips.
The blood felt warm when he felt it under his fingertips with a springy touch. How did it taste? She smelled good after all. He hadn't been hunting for so long, it felt like a lifetime. The canned blood she gave him was not the same as the wild prey. The thrill, the wait, the game, the dance with death was missing.
But she had forbidden him to hunt. It would attract too much attention. Azazel had only snorted inwardly. But apparently hanging people in the Vatican wasn't a problem? He would be careful where he struck. After all, he had millennia of experience in it. But her word was law. Almost hesitantly, he put his bloodstained fingers in his mouth. A real taste explosion hit his hypersensitive tongue. It was so good, something beautiful should be forbidden! A shiver ran through him and he looked up, distraught down his (now clean) fingers.
Shoes scraped over rock as the human man's presence departed behind him. He had completely hidden him! But shortly before the door he stopped and Azazel felt his eyes filled with contradictory feelings.
"What are they actually?" Asked the man quietly with a telltale tremor in his voice.
Azazel looked at him a little melancholy, then back in his hand, then back to the man. And just shrugged his shoulders with a tired smile.
Royal Suite, Imperial Hotel, Vienna, May 11, 10:35 p.m.
Fine beads of sweat had formed on the forehead of the bald man, who kept looking nervously between Azazel and her. You could almost think about it read, so badly he kept his composure. He was angry - and rightly so.
But Azazel couldn't really concentrate today. Looking a bit bored, his focus of attention focused on the two bodyguards while the conversation (or rather the argument) rushed past him. They had positioned themselves diagonally behind their masters and threw him suspicious - but equally unsettled - sheets nod, eyes hidden behind glasses, so Azazel couldn't tell exactly where they were looking. But he felt their looks more than clearly on himself.
He perfected his eyelashes with perfected femininity and opened his mouth very slightly. Seductively he bit his red painted lips. And treated the taller of the two with quite clear looks. The man unconsciously jerked back a little and turned his eyes away and suddenly found the carpet under his feet extremely interesting. How cute.
Azazel could feel him flushing. In any case, the heart of man beat faster than a few minutes ago. Azazel was a little proud of himself - he still could. He smiled to himself with satisfaction.
It was his job to protect her, but it shouldn't be immediately visible as that. So he was now behind her, disguised as her translator. The simple, yet elegant dress distracted from what it really was. People saw what they should see. He looked like a rather bitter beauty, but still like a real woman. He (or rather she now) should distract and cause confusion. That was his only job at the moment. Besides killing. But that was another topic now.
She didn't want her to be insecure or even feared. In that regard, she was a little too vain for his taste. Showing weakness also had its good points sometimes - it detracted from its strengths. You paid too much attention to the imperfections anyway and sometimes forgot that it was still gave the exact opposite. And wasn't weakness also a strength?
Azazel knew only too well how hypocritical his thoughts were, since he didn't want to reveal his mistakes to people himself. But he was just the way he was and that included a certain level of arrogance with which he had learned to live. Couldn't he afford it? After so many millennia?
"I can only repeat myself, Mr. Zorzi, I am extremely sorry about what happened to your daughter in Spain. Believe me, I mourn with you, ”she said with (naturally) mock grief in her voice. Finally, she had ordered the girl's death. The man only snorted angrily and drooled on:
"It's all well and good, but the one who is responsible for it has to be punished! I will not rest until this is done! "
“I can understand that very well, but you have to see it from my point of view. Bioresearch Cooperation has never and will never interfere in political or private events. We are an international company and cannot afford to react to tragic incidents in such a way, even if we want to, ”she replied, rubbing her temple. She seemed to be developing a headache. Or just pretended. Whatever.
"I am one of their oldest business partners, we have
Doctorate together, as please Anjay, I ask you: help me! I am begging you not as a colleague, but as a friend and desperate father ... Please “, the last word came whispering from his throat and the person looked as if he would lose the last of his dignity and start to cry. Something broke in his face.
Fascinated, Azazel had to control himself to avoid staring at him for a long time. His eyes slid back to the bodyguard, who quickly looked away when he met his eyes. He was real for Bite. How pretty would he look with his throat ripped out? Azazel struggled to suppress a giggle that would hardly correspond to the oh so serious situation.
"Very well, Alessandro, but only because it is you. I'll tell you what I know, ”she said softly, but everything was carefully planned by her.
The murder. The supplication. The generous help. They served only one purpose: to bind the man even closer to himself and to ensure his complete loyalty. Who would cut off someone who had helped you track down your child's murderer? Knowing what was coming, Azazel looked at the petitioner and waited for his reaction.
“As you may have heard rumored, there was an attack on me a few months ago that I only survived by luck. We now have a clearer picture of who might be behind it. ”
Eager for more information, the man leaned forward in his chair and put his arms on the edge of her desk, behind which she was holding court.
"Who was it?" He asked in a flat voice.
The moment had come. Azazel wanted to silence her with a blow in the throat, but as always he was completely paralyzed and defenseless near her. In his mind he could and wanted her kill with bare hands, break her delicate neck under the force of his blows.
But his body didn't play along. He grew rigid and dumb and hardly dared to meet her eyes. He couldn't even bear her proximity, it made him feel sick, and yet he was forced to obey her without contradiction. She had trained him to do it. How to show a dog trained tricks. The thought humiliated him again and again.
“A more or less loose grouping around a certain one
Damasos Sari kakis, whose true identity has unfortunately so far still been with us not available. Therefore, we can only estimate the size of the terrorist network that it has established. But its connections seem to go far beyond what we previously thought. It poses a serious threat. I have been preparing to do it for quite some time. Unobtrusive, of course. We don't want the courses to suffer. "
"And what does all of this have to do with my daughter? Was it them who… ”the man started, but let the rest of the sentence fade away. Everyone in the room knew exactly what they wanted to express.
She just nodded slightly and her hair brushed over her shoulders with a crackle that could only be heard by Azazel's ears. She had grown it:
"I suspect it."
The man's face froze into a grimace of hatred and despair. Suddenly he jumped out of the seat and supported himself on the worktop of the table. His bodyguards flinched and tensed a little, leading Azazel to believe that apparently otherwise, humans didn't really control their emotions much better.
Azazel kept his face up and a sweet smile danced around the corner of his mouth. It was only decoration, it was not present. No one paid any attention to him, but the general focus was on the two people at the desk. The man's breath wheezed and he leaned closer to her:
"They will be penitent for what they have done. You should bleed. An eye for an eye, as the saying goes. "
"And that is exactly why I will not prevent them from taking their revenge. But be careful. We do not want the authorities to pay attention. That would bring some inconvenience, doesn't it, Alessandro? ”
She cocked her head and looked at the angry man for a minute with an impenetrable expression on her face. Azazel could see the elegantly wrapped warning in her words more than clearly, but the human being didn't seem to understand. Or he hid it very well.
"You have my fullest support in this matter. When whenever they need something, they come to me with a clear conscience. I'll get you whatever you need. But I have one condition for you ”, she straightened up to her full size behind her desk,“ no matter what you plan, no matter what you think you have found out: you always inform me first and then you go on, understand? ”
With a stern look, she sat back down and picked up a stack of paper neatly piled up next to her. It was clear that this conversation was over.
"Marzena, will you take the gentlemen out please? I have to now go back to work. "
Azazel managed not to jump under the sound of her voice and bowed her head devotedly. He hated the name she had chosen for his female self. It couldn't be a coincidence. She knew what was causing him. And he hated her a little bit more for that.
It was the same name that he had before his “time out” and which he now only associated with betrayal and pain, in short with him, the doctor. He had always called him that. Marzena. Azazel suppressed a shiver and turned to the three people with a smile on his face:
"If you would follow me please."
And walked elegantly past them to the beautifully decorated door. The heels of his hellishly high and damned uncomfortable shoes clicked across the floor. He had had to practice for a while to be able to stand on these stakes, let alone walk. But they made him more feminine, so they were an absolute must.
Azazel's red eyes met those of the father of the killed girl, who seemed to notice him for the first time. The man eyed him curiously as he strode past him. Azazel felt the human's gaze get stuck on his butt and was glad that the three were behind him and therefore could not see his eyes rolling. Men. They were and always remained the same. He opened the door and stepped through.
They followed him like goslings of their mother as Azazel crossed the anteroom and the door outside opened. One of the bodyguards stepped through quickly and seemed to be on the lookout for possible dangers. The other stayed with his boss and used the time to stare at Azazel (or rather Marzena) again strikingly unobtrusively.
"And they are ...?" Started the man named Alessandro Zorzi. Azazel had to suppress a sigh. He really didn't feel like polite banter. But he had to Play role to the bitter end.
“My name is Marzena Mazur. I am currently the interpreter and personal assistant of Ms. Akthar, ”he replied politely and flirted lowered his eyes, while he presented calming pictures of the man with his throat cut or optionally strangled.
"So an interpreter? What languages ​​do they speak? "
"I am fluent in English, French, Spanish, Italian, Arabic, Chinese and Japanese." And many more, of which more than half had already died out. But nobody had to know that. Where it could all of them, not necessarily.
"Amazing," the human replied simply, smiling charmingly at Azazel. Was he really courting Azazel ?! The latter didn't really know what to answer, which is why he said:
“I was very happy to meet you, Mr. Zorzi. But if you would excuse me, work is waiting for me and Ms. Akhtar may need my support. ”
"She certainly needs it, my dear. We'll see each other again, Marzena Mazur. Until then, goodbye. "
It sounded almost like a threat to Azazel's ears, but he kept all feeling behind a polite face.
"I'm looking forward to this day. Goodbye, Mr. Zorzi. "
The man nodded knowingly and stepped out the door, closely followed by his second guard, who secretly gave Azazel one last looks, which he did not pretend to notice. He closed the door gently and only when the pounding of the last heart had disappeared from his radius of perception did he allow himself to breathe out the tension and loosen the mask that he had to wear among the people for a short moment.
"Mar-Azazel?" It called behind him and his heart contracted into a painful ball. Not long, he talked to himself as he put his face back on and returned to her.
Roof of the Celsius Library, Ephesus, Turkey, May 24, 3:44 a.m.
"Would you come down please? Then we can have a better conversation, ”came a familiar, female voice to him. Grinning self-righteously, Azazel opened his eyes and turned his head down to the person who had spoken. With his head cocked, he eyed her athletic figure. It looked different from Rome, so ... tense. Something must have happened. And Azazel already knew something. Excitement tingled in the center of his body. It was so far.
With a short nod, he pushed himself out of his comfortable sitting position. His eyes glided over the ruins of the once magnificent city for a brief moment, and a faint hint of sadness came over him. If you knew her in her former beauty, it only made you sad to look at her now. It had perished, like so much in the human world. But the wheel of time did not stand still and so they continued and always on. A breath of wind stroked his face, dispelling the darkness that was coming.
With an elegant leap he jumped off the roof edge and hit the ground hard. With playful ease, he dampened the unchecked force of his fall by a forward roll and got back on his feet not a meter in front of the woman. He was well aware that it was not normal to survive such a jump unscathed. But they already knew that he was not at all normal, which is why there was no need to keep his skills hidden at all costs. Which in turn raised the question of what they actually knew about him? Somehow he was curious about what they thought he was. A god, an alien, an angel? The idea made him smile.
"Yes?" He turned to the unimpressed looking woman in front of him.
"Nice," came the voice, dripping with sarcasm, from the shadow of the ruin, and Azazel felt more than he heard a weapon being loaded and armed.
Oh yes, Kristóf. How he hadn't missed him. He was just too much like Sanchez in character and Azazel was heartily glad that he finally couldn't stand it anymore. But people had apparently not forgotten what had happened to those who dared to be careless. He hadn't expected that either, otherwise he would have been a little disappointed.
"Now? You wanted to talk? ”Azazel broke the spreading silence.
The woman's facial expression something hardened when she heard his amused tone, but she saved herself a nasty comment and replied:
"If they would follow us please," and turned to go stiffly.
Azazel was genuinely irritated for a brief moment, but then pushed it aside. The curiosity about what would follow now outweighed his doubts. With arms folded behind his back he silently followed the tall woman. This led them through the dark ruins of the ancient city with no visible destination. Sometimes she turned right and then left again.
Azazel's tension grew. But he knew what he was getting into. He secretly prayed to all non-existent gods that the professor would keep her promise and redirect the surveillance through the bracelet and thus save him time. Important time to get closer to Sari kakis. Because Azazel strongly doubted that people would be so stupid to lead him directly to their main hiding place.
He was a stranger - and in her opinion was from the wrong side in this war. Probably only a new middleman was waiting for him again, who presented him with the same meaningless phrases as before. He suppressed a sigh that once again wanted to escape his chest without being asked. He's been sighing too often lately.
Slowly the ruins backed away and made way for meadows. Where did they go? What was out here? Now nervousness rose in Azazel, but he didn't show it, but strolled relaxed after the human woman and looked at the area. Behind him he felt several people, all of them with fire-ready weapons in their hands.
Weapons were also pointed at him to the left and right of him, surprisingly good and hidden for active human eyes, when he passed them. Azazel had to admit that he was a little impressed, but his inner concern also grew. What if something went wrong and he had to flee? He hadn't actually expected a fight today. Not that they could stop him, but there was something better than a massacre.
The woman suddenly stopped in a dark curve and turned to Azazel. She looked at him critically for a long time before finally saying:
"Please put down any weapons you carry with you. I definitely don't have to explain to them why this is necessary. "
"Of course," he replied very politely, reaching under his coat.
Several weapons clicked when pointed at him. Azazel couldn't help but grin and pulled out the simple, slightly curved dagger he always carried with him. An old habit, out of date - he knew that - but he couldn't break it. He somehow disliked these new-fashioned pistols, although of course they were much more effective and deadly than his retro weapons.
But he missed the blade's elegance when it danced through the air and cut through soft flesh. But he had also fought swords and daggers for most of his life, which is why they were logically the most familiar to him. Firearms hadn't existed for that long, and it sometimes seemed to Azazel that it was only a blink of an eye since he had first seen them.
He gently handed over his favorite weapon to a person who appeared next to him, who measured Azazel with a grim expression on his face. Three more small throwing knives and a pistol followed. They could not take away his real weapon, HIM, if they knew about him at all, which Azazel really did not hope for. Apparently unarmed, he followed the woman around the curve.
Suddenly a wide plain opened up in front of him, on which a single person was waiting with his back to them. The man seemed to be looking at the wasteland in front of him. Well, there wasn't much more here. In the distance, piles of stones and bushes grew out of the earth and limited the free land. But that's about it.
The woman stopped abruptly and Azazel had to stop just as hard not to run into her. Curiously he stepped next to her and looked back and forth between her and the lonely human. What was this supposed to be? A stormy gust drove some hair into his face, which he brushed from his eyes.
Azazel suddenly realized how beneficial this place was for the people. There were no hiding places, nothing to hide and snipers could hide anywhere to put a bullet in his head when they deemed it necessary. Likewise, he could not disappear inconspicuously, but had to run back again, past the people. He was very careful not to grind his own blue-eyed teeth.
How could it have happened that he gave up the laboriously acquired reins so carelessly? He hated it, didn't Lord (or Mistress) able to be. It wasn't him with her, at least he had to be here, wasn't he?
"He's waiting for her," was the only thing he heard from his guide before she turned away and went back to her comrades.
Azazel, frowning, stopped and considered. Who was waiting for him? The wind freshened and puffed up his open coat, but he didn't even notice it, he was too lost in weighing the pros and cons of his actions. On the one hand, he would give himself up to them defenseless with this action - deep inside he knew that these people also knew his weakness for silver, he could feel it, why were they so confident all the time? - but there would probably never be another chance like this again. And to endure eternity under her bondage was not the most tempting fate that Azazel could imagine. It was more like the prospect of living in the deepest circles of hell. So he had no choice. As almost always.
With a silent sigh, he trudged through the calf-high
Grass. He stopped silently one step behind the person and eyed the figure in front of him. And recognized her again. It was the same man as in this European Parliament.
He had been the leader of the squad that got in the way of Azazel. And who handed him over to the police without batting an eyelid. Azazel didn't really know whether he should be angry or resigned because he kept meeting the same people. He ticked it off as fate.
Apparently it should be like this. In the meantime he didn't really care.
They were still silent and Azazel wondered if man expected him to speak first. But he didn't really know how to start. He was nervous like a bride on the way to the altar. But who would he bind himself to, that only death would separate them? What was he getting into here?
"Welcome, Azazel," suddenly came a deep, male voice and the addressee looked up in alarm.
Sparkling eyes pierced his face. He remembered that look all too well, somewhere between mild curiosity and cold weighing. He felt like a mouse in the grip of a bird of prey, which was only too well aware that she had forfeited her life through a little carelessness and still had hope for an escape in her heart. He could have done without the experience.
Had the man been staring at Azazel for a long time? Had he noticed something of his inner conflict? For a few people it was apparently an open book and now Azazel also believed that it belonged to him. That knowing look, that fine smile around the corners of his mouth. He read Azazel.
Azazel nodded slightly in response to the greeting and moved closer to the man, but remained silent. He just didn't know how to put his concerns forward without further stirring people's suspicions or sounding begging.
"They were more talkative the last time we met," the man said dryly after a while of silence.
"It was a different time," Azazel replied quietly, looking at the man with unfathomable eyes. He cocked his head and looked at Azazel intensely for a long time.
"They are different, they are no longer the same. Am I right? ", He broke the wall of silence," Something has happened. It happened, didn't it? "
The corners of Azazel's mouth twitched uncontrollably to an uncomfortable, crooked smile and a shiver crawled across his soul with groping legs. It was scary how much this person knew about him just by looking Azazel in the face. He had to look away and focused on the distant horizon.
"Yes," Azazel replied barely to hide the telltale tremor in his voice, even though he knew it was pointless. His fear was too obvious.
"But that's not why I'm here."
"Right, right. That's why they're not here… ”echoed the man's words.
"I have an offer to make that would benefit all of us," Azazel said, simply ignoring the subtle sarcasm in the words of the man.
"I know. Your help for us, our knowledge for you, ”replied the man, smiling.
Azazel was somehow not surprised to hear that. Perhaps if the man of man was Sari kakis before him, he considered. Because Azazel didn't know what it looked like. But would the apparently clever leader of a rebel group - after all, they had so far successfully managed to be caught neither by them nor by the authorities - really reveal themselves to an enemy envoy as easily? Azazel strongly doubted it.
"W "What is your answer?", he wanted to know about the man and frowned intently.
"You probably already know it and so do we: your stake in this game is pretty low. You win without risking anything. That makes the whole thing pretty unfair, don't you think? So far they have only given us empty promises and a vindictive, sniffing father, of which The latter could not exactly change our opinion of them for the better. Why should we put our trust in them - please don't take this personally, but I speak on behalf of everyone - a stranger, Akhtar's latest favorite toy, if we are able to achieve our goal ourselves? "
The bracelet on his wrist vibrated twice at short intervals. The agreed sign. Apparently the professor couldn't get him more time without her watchful eye on him. But he needed more time, just a few more minutes! His long, hard fingernails clawed firmly into the hated piece of metal. But then all of his attention was caught by the words of the man towards him and the thought of it disappeared in the back of his mind. The man leaned closer to Azazel and lowered his voice to a hoarse whisper.
"In short, they don't seem trustworthy to most of us and as sorry as I am, in a democracy the majority decides."
Azazel just stared blankly at the man, while inside his whole world, his belief in the coming freedom, coincided with a single little word: No. A dark, sticky mass of hatred, fear, hopelessness, and despair snaked up in him and covered his soul until everything was pitch black. There was no light, there was only darkness everywhere. An animal hiss escaped Azazel's clenched lips and his entire posture became lurking and threatening as feelings overcooked him. Outwardly, however, he kept his cold and perfect face, looking as if it were carved in marble. Several weapons clicked quietly when they were placed on him.
“They don't even know what risk I'm taking on my own to steal away in the dark of the night and meet with them. You don't have the faintest idea what I've suffered. You don't know what pain means. You don't know what a cage is. You don't know her. You know nothing, ”Azazel pressed out with a bitterness in his voice, before his mind could prevent it.
"It's all well and good, but you have to give me something gives what I can work with. For example, "the man said, unimpressed and looked back at the horizon," could you start with how far Ms. Akthar is already with your ... um ... well project. "
Azazel scowled at the man. So they wanted him to play by their rules. So they wanted him to plead with them. They wanted his knee to fall. That's how it should be. With a deep breath, he threw his dignity overboard and submitted to the humiliations of the people. It was his only chance. Hope gently budded again in the lightless cave where his heart once sat. Weeds did not go away, as the saying goes. It was desperate.
"It stands in front of them," Azazel answered tonelessly. Now it was amazing to look at the human:
"You?" Azazel nodded and looked at the man in silence.
"Are you this man of the future who is being kept top secret? The one who heals himself? The one who could start a new generation of warfare? ”Asked the latter with a stunned voice and looked again so intensely at Azazel that it was a miracle that nothing about him went up in flames.
The bracelet reminded him again that the time was up and he should go home. This time it was she who gave the command because it vibrated only once. He ignored it. Now so shortly before the goal was not to think about task.
Azazel cocked his head and nodded again after a few seconds of staring. He didn't even really tie up a bear to humans - after all, he was really one of the first (what did she call it again? Oh yes) genetically optimized individuals to be presented by her. Ridiculous. He was himself, like all the millennia before he was caught. How so did everyone always care what someone was, not who someone was? Another of the thousands of unsolved puzzles that people have given him.
"Prove it!" The man demanded like a small, defiant child and Azazel had to pull himself together, not to sigh badly. They were all the same.
"You let me take off all your weapons, remember?" He reminded the man with a slight mockery in his voice.
"Yes, then-", s put this on.
Roaring pain chased Azazel's arm and set him on fire. A half choked sound, a crude mix of hissing and sobbing, came over his lips and he cringed in agony.
"What was ...?" The man escaped. He fell silent under Azazel's cold gaze.
This was a little dazed with pain, but used the situation mercilessly in his favor.
"You wanted to see it, didn't you?" Azazel said emotionlessly and pulled back the fabric of his sleeve.
The wide-open eyes of the man revealed a star-shaped burn from the metal snake around his wrist, in the depths of which one could even see occasional bones flashing. Azazel was amazed at how little this serious injury hurt. Or was it maybe that he hadn't had breakfast less than two hours ago? Or didn't it actually count as a supper? Certainly from the point of view of people. He just hadn't been able to hold on and used the unobserved time to go hunting. He still felt inwardly the electrifying power that he drew from the ancient rituals that were older than himself that had always been and will always be, because not even people would be able to change it.
With a discreetly bored mine, he watched the human being, who was watching the rapidly progressing healing process with a concentrated look. The wound pulled within Minutes together and was only visible on the outside as bulging scars, which would disappear in the next few hours. It tingled and stung uncomfortably like a thousand ants scurrying under the newly formed skin when nerve endings and muscle fibers found each other and became one again. But he would just have to endure that in the coming time. He would have to suffer new injuries for his disobedience anyway, he thought resignedly.
"If you would excuse me, but unfortunately we have to postpone our conversation until a later date. You saw what happens if you don't obey her, ”Azazel said to the still nameless man. But somehow he didn't care. Names were overrated, in his opinion.
"It was she? Anjay Akthar? ”Asked the man interested.
Azazel just looked at him pityingly.
"Who else?" He threw the counter question into the room and turned around. He felt the human man make a gesture behind him. Another man came up to her - the woman, as Azazel recognized with a quick glance. She was holding something in her hands. His dagger! With an unreadable expression on her face she handed him his weapons again and Azazel took them with an almost tender gesture. How quickly you could get used to small things in everyday life ...
Only now did he have a small but serious problem: how could he get away from here as quickly as possible (keeping them waiting longer and thus making him even more annoying would not be such a brilliant idea) without people noticing that he could fly? You should know as much as necessary and as little as possible about him. But the next moment, his problems solved themselves - ironically, by her hand.
Panting, a man came running towards the three, swinging his rifle over his shoulder in the race. The long run rocked dangerous up and down with each of his big steps, but everything still kept his balance.
"Someone is coming! We have to go! Quick! ”, The human breathed out, not without looking for a heartbeat at Azazel's shimmering figure in the moonlight. Oh yes, they recognized each other.
Azazel smiled slightly and his eyes grew intense. The man had to tear himself away from the magical glowing eyes and a visible shiver ran over him. Interesting.
"Then let's go," the woman replied, turning away from the other two.
The man Azazel suspected was Sari kakis nodded to the white-haired man. A farewell. Azazel bowed his head and crossed his arms behind his back. Behind him he felt the presence of people weakening until they disappeared from his mental field of vision. The snipers who had positioned themselves around him also made off. He was alone again. Finally.
Azazel gently closed his eyes and turned his face to the moon as if he were bathing in its cold light. It gradually became quiet inside him and his heart rate slowed. It struck only two or three times every minute. His personal resting heart rate. A gentle smile played around the corners of his mouth again and made his features shine in an unearthly grace.
He felt the mysterious flying machine land behind him silently she had followed him before. The gate opened without any sound and several people flocked out. Guns clicked softly and feet scraped the floor as their bodies were moved into position. A tense silence descended on them, so that the tension in the air was palpable.
Then she made her grand entrance. A certain penchant for theatrics was Azazel and her together, he didn't want to deny that. But sometimes he'd just like the eyes twist. After a while it was just annoying. Well, some of him thought that too ...
With a measured step she stepped out of the inside of the thing and Azazel was immediately enveloped by her soul-eating presence like a shroud. His personal shroud. With difficulty he suppressed the urge to turn around and submit to her again, as in all the months before. It had to end.
It was getting colder around him and the air seemed to freeze when he felt her breath on the back of his neck. But he didn't turn. He could not. He didn't want to look into those all-devouring eyes and kneel for forgiveness in front of her.
And suddenly he realized one thing as he kissed the bright one
Rays of moonlight on his head felt: he didn't belong to her, he had never done it. It didn't belong to anyone. He was not accountable to anyone, he was nobody's slave. He was free. No matter what pain and suffering she caused him, no matter what she did and would do to him: it was only his body. His mind was free.
She had made him listen, taken his will through drugs, crawled into his head like a maggot in a putrid apple. And now she thought she could make herself comfortable there and eat her obedience. Not correct. For a split second, an abysmal evil shadow flew over his elegant features, making the people behind him shudder without knowing why. But unlike them, they had a tiny bit of instinct in them, too little to fully understand. But enough to suspect something.
"Isn't it a wonderful night?" Azazel asked without turning, enjoying the gentle caresses of the wind on his pale skin. Silence answered him. Angry, but also confused silence. He smiled fine.
The wind whistled around him and inflated his coat, so that the sharp dagger flashed briefly in the moonlight. With closed
He felt his eyes slowly kick next to him and as he turned towards the vast night-black sky. So dominated today? Azazel thought with a little sarcasm.
"Azazel, what have you done here?" She broke the icy silence that threatened to spread between them. A barely noticeable tremor drifted through her voice.
"I enjoyed a bath in the moonlight and indulged in old memories," he replied, opening his eyes to look at her with a strange expression on his face, which she didn't miss.
"What's wrong with you today? What happened? And don't you dare to avoid me or even lie to me! “, She hissed worse and worse, hiding her anger.
He looked at her with a barely noticeable smile. What had he been afraid of all the time? She was just a human. A nothing, absolutely ridiculous, just a fraction of the blink of an eye in its infinite life. This new world in this new time may be strange to him, but basically everything remained the same. He was the lion, the people the lamb. Everyone had their part to play in this cosmic play, nobody could escape their destiny. Not even people, even if they were so arrogant and kept thinking this.
"There is nothing. Sometimes I just feel melancholy, ”Azazel said softly, more to herself than to her. Somehow, it seemed to make the answer angrier.
Cruel pain burned a path through his arm and he gasped for breath.
"I said don't you dare lie to me!" She continued, while Azazel struggled to keep his features.
No, he didn't want to show pain. It was just his body. Only his body. His body. Not his mind. Not his Soul. It was free. He breathed in and out slowly and looked at her with an excellently played expression on:
"Forgive me, mother. I didn't mean to offend.
Forgive me, please! "
He dropped his eyes and dropped to his knees in front of her. A bit of showmanship had to be. Otherwise she wouldn't believe him in the end that he submitted to her. While she was standing over him with a rather complacent face, another dark flicker flitted through his eyes, but it was hidden from her eyes. He could just kill her here and now. He wanted al les and just kill everyone here and now. But she couldn't die yet. Not before she was ready to take her so-called Moira project to the grave. That's the only reason she was still alive, that's why she didn't take her last breath today. This research had to be destroyed and withdrawn from human access before it plunged the world into chaos again.
Azazel was a being against nature that was before him
Centuries with icy certainty. Everything was destined to be born to pass on life, to die to create new space again. But he broke this cycle, could neither die, but could give life. It was useless. A dead end. That realization had made him despair, and it had taken many horrific decades to make friends with the inevitable truth.
He couldn't change it. He had tried. But he woke up every time and not even scars were left. He had been bitter for centuries, but now for the first time he saw a meaning in his existence: he could save the world from people. And people in front of themselves. Because what would the world look like if they became immortal?
Azazel felt her hand on his chin, nauseatingly warm, as she forced him to look up at her and meet her cold, dead eyes. Something inside was beginning to close writhing and desperately trying to escape the all-pervasive look. In vain.
"Forgiveness is something you have to earn, my sweet child," she whispered so softly that only he could hear it,
"What are you willing to sacrifice for that?"
His pupils dilated as panic cut through his chest like a sharp knife. He knew what she wanted. His soul. Devour him with skin and hair until they became one, inseparably united forever.
"Whatever you want, Mistress," he whispered back, unable to hide the fear in his eyes. It was just his body. Only his body. He shivered. She smiled.

Chapter 14
Maria Santissima Assunta Cathedral, Palermo, Sicily, Italy, May 26, 11:34 p.m.
His thoughtful gaze slid slowly over the high columns to the magnificent altar of the church in which he had sought refuge. It was so quiet here. No one disturbed him in his loneliness. Well, it was not surprising when you consider that Azazel had chosen a rather unconventional path inside the church. People kept forgetting that all good things came from above. A grin darted across his face. The roofs were practically never secured. Why too? Nobody was so stupid or tired of walking on this path. Lucky for Azazel.
"Impressive, you have to admit, isn't it?" Asked a well-known voice behind him and Azazel could barely startle from the shock.
He hadn't really expected him here now. No, he shouldn't be here at all. He shouldn't even know that Azazel was here right now. Something must have gone wrong. Something went terribly wrong.
"You speak to me from the soul, Mr. Sanchez," he replied to the person who had sat directly in the row of seats behind him without bothering to turn his head.
Azazel now had no nerve to look the fleshy kick between his legs in his stupid grinning face and to pretend submissiveness. He was here for something much more important. But where did this someone go? He should have shown up a long time ago, if Azazel wasn't very wrong… silence spread, but an underlying tension remained. Each of the two knew that one of them was too much here.
"Oh yeah Azazel, how I missed our lively conversations," the man sighed sarcastically and leaned towards him Addressed before. His well-groomed human hands lay on the backrest close to Azazel's left shoulder and a head was placed on it.
Azazel grimaced as if he had stepped into a freshly steaming pile of horse manure. How he hated that closeness. And Sanchez knew he could drive Azazel to the heat. But human beings felt invincible through their protective hands. But for how long? A malicious smile crept up Azazel's lips. Not much longer, that much was certain.
"I don't," Azazel replied, still smiling and peering at the male, "What does the honor of your nightly visit give me? After all, I don't want to keep them from doing so many things. ”
The man frowned:
"Thank you for your consideration, but your concerns is unfounded. You won't get rid of me that quickly. I wanted to talk to you again for a long time. "
Azazel could barely keep from throwing his clenched fist into the man's face in response. He had enough worries and problems, even without having that fool on his cheek.
"So?" Azazel asked in a bored voice. Apparently he couldn't escape his fate. He still couldn't kill the gnome. But he hoped that with the idea of ​​it he could comfort himself for the next few minutes.
"How long have you been working with Sari kakis?"
Azazel's eyes widened and he couldn't quite hide his bewilderment. From where…? Who had betrayed him? But nobody knew about his plans, except - the professor. He felt as if he had been hit. Fine pain spread to the area where his heart would have been had he had one. She's been something of an ally in the past few months, almost a friend, and now she betrayed him so shamefully. A tiny bit of trust in the only person he had dared to trust. Revealed once again. Anger flared up in him, leaving a burning warmth in his veins. She would pay. Excruciating. She could be sure of that. Azazel kept his promises he made. Always.
"How can you say something like that ?! Are you still completely comforted? ", He hissed with amazingly real-sounding indignation in his voice," All my loyalty goes to her, our leader. Forever and ever, as I swore! "
Oaths always came out well, Azazel had learned a long time ago. He couldn't understand why people loved it so much. What did they think would prevent him from lying? God? Jesus? The Holy Spirit? Ridiculous. But that's just how people were.
"You don't think that yourself," said Sanchez with a clearly audible mockery in his voice, "you and Akthar? And loyalty? ”Smiling tiredly, the young man rubbed his face.
Azazel cocked his head and looked at the human for a long time. His red eyes pierced yielding to the man's face, however boyish, but not reflecting a single emotion.
"No. I don't think so, ”Azazel replied with a sigh. It did not bring false facts to believe.
“But I also have my principles, although it may surprise them. If I serve someone, I serve him or if and but, I don't question anything and I don't judge anything. ”This time Azazel was telling the pure truth. He had always done it that way.
He didn't judge them for their actions and motives, their willpower impressed him too much, under other circumstances they might even have something like a spiritual connection - by no means comradeship, friendship quite not - shared. But only the circumstances of their collaboration went against him.
"And that's why I can only repeat myself: I'm not cheating on our leader," continued Azazel, turning away from Sanchez.
His eyes flicked to the dome, where even he could see the shape of the giant figure of Jesus, which seemed to hover above them with his arms spread out. How wonderful it had to be for people to look at? Sometimes he found it a little sad, not the world as you can see. What had previously escaped his gaze and was waiting in vain to be discovered by him? All the paintings and drawings?
"Why else did you look for contact? Don't think I would have let you out of your sight for a minute, creature. I also have my little birds that chirp secrets in my ear. Dark, well-kept secrets. Do you really think Akthar would like what I have to say about what forbidden things have happened in the blind spot of her field of vision? ”Sanchez asked with a smug smile in his voice and Azazel gritted her teeth in anger. He was not allowed to.
He breathed in and out deeply. In and out. In and out. Now he had to keep a cool head and maneuver himself out of this misery. He had to do it or everything would be lost- for him and the people.
"As always, you don't understand, Mr. Sanchez," Azazel replied quietly, still looking at the shadowy figure at the top of the dome.
"But I think so. Prepare yourself for your punishment - it will overshadow everything that has been here so far, I promise you high and holy, ”said the man, grinning complacently, and made to get up. Merde. Azazel had to come up with something. And pretty quickly.
"Do you want to know why I seemingly cheated our head, Mr. Sanchez?" He asked the man dull sound. He raised his eyebrows half surprised, half mockingly:
"Then surprise me. I'm excited to see what kind of lie you want to tell me now. ”He let out a hoarse laugh before he could answer:
"No, no, just don't. It's a whisked pile of shit as well, so everything that leaves your mouth. Just let it stay. As if you would ever tell the truth. "
Despite the fact that it was Alexis Sanchez who uttered these words, Azazel was stabbed. Yes, did he actually lie so often and in detail? He briefly went through the matter in his head - and had to admit that it was true. All words that left his throat were only for the purpose of manipulation, should give him an advantage or arouse doubts in his counterpart. Well, almost everything, except for a few, but they were countable on one hand.
Did he feel uncomfortable? Awakened guilt and remorse in him? No. Clearly no. People just weren't worth the truth. So why make an effort when things were much easier? You could tell his arrogance was still growing and thriving, even though Azazel was hiding it much better than before it entered his life.
The man had already risen completely and had stepped into the aisle next to Azazel. Its narrow shape loomed over him. Azazel felt his heartbeat dance sensually and call it under the ribs with tempting singing. Something stirred in the depths of himself, HE stirred and started with slow, still heavy movements. The hunt called. An exciting tingling sensation spread from his stomach to his entire body and the world was brought into focus, the veil of humanity removed from Azazel's senses.
Hunger rose in him, not hunger for blood, no. Hunger for lurking, chasing, rushing, tearing and tearing. Hungry for whole. Be HE himself. It would happen tonight and nothing and nobody would stop him. But first he had to deal with the ridiculous problems that people are imposing on him where they should tremble in awe and fear of him and beg on their knees for their miserable life.
"We'll see each other in hell, Azazel," the air carried the sound of a human voice in his sharpened ear, and with darkening eyes Azazel slowly looked up at the speaker, staring blankly into the interchangeable human face.
And all of a sudden it was crystal clear to him how he could still get Sanchez to cooperate (or rather force it). A cruel train emerged around Azazel's mouth and the man in front of him jerked back, somewhat startled or irritated.
"Then I don't want to stop them, Mr. Sanchez," Azazel's voice floated velvety and smoky through the colder and colder air of the cathedral, "But I'll be there and wait for you - together with your beloved mother."
With that he got up and walked past the gawking man with his mouth open. As if by chance his hand touched his, whereupon it quickly jerked away. Azazel had to smile. So warm, so full of life, so seductive. Really biting.
"Wait!" It called behind him and his smile deepened. Everyone had a sore point. You just had to know how to start and they put your life in your hands.
"What do you mean by that? Explain yourself! ”Azazel triumphed inwardly. At last he had this rat where he wanted it: crawling on the floor, begging him. He had correctly suspected that this night would be a beautiful one, if not in the way he had thought.
"Simple, man: it was your idea," Azazel replied, turning away from the confused Sanchez.
"But what…? Are you kidding me? You lie! All
definitely! ”, he stammered with really cute to hear Desperation in the voice. Wonderful.
"No, Mr. Sanchez, I don't. Her mother came up with the idea of ​​infiltrating Sari kaki’s group by pretending to have turned away from our leader and to use our mutual trust in Sari kaki’s favor. To make it look more real, we had to act behind Ms. Akhtar’s back. ”
"But, but ... No, it can't be true. They are so close friends and have been for years. She's not just cheating on someone like that. Not you. You just make it all up to save your skin! Liar!"
Azazel sighed audibly and looked annoyed in the face. Why couldn't he do the right thing in life and swallow his story - which was also true?
"You know as well as I do that Ms. Akthar expects absolute loyalty and traitors will be severely punished. Especially if she had trusted them beforehand. We both have a clear understanding of what awaits me. But what she does to a traitor who she believed was her best friend ... I don't know, but I hardly believe that Ms. Akthar shows mercy. So, Mr. Sanchez, "Azazel replied in a hard, flat voice and turned away from the little man," Ask your wife mother. Until then, Ms. Akthar will not hear a word or her beloved mother will end up in the inferno with me and will suffer as much pain as I do. I promise you that. "
Now it was time to see how his threats had worked. At a leisurely pace, he strolled down the long corridor of the chapel and leapt at the figure that adorned the mighty pillar next to him. He pulled himself up gracefully and climbed higher and higher, towards the people and their senseless worries, towards the night and the hunt. Towards his true nature. Towards him.
Giordano Garibaldi, Palermo, Sicily, Italy, May 27, 4:55 a.m.
The warmth of the blood was still on his tongue, keeping the memories alive. Fed up with himself and the world, Azazel blinked and listened to the windless night. A pigeon cooed quietly above him in his sleep and he could literally feel her puffing up and sinking into her dreams. What did pigeons dream of? Grains? Loaf? Seductive pigeons? A smile crossed his lips.
With a casual hand movement he pushed back the branches that blocked his field of vision and blinked sleepily up into the still dark sky. Only that he did not touch her, but instead made use of his gift for a long time. It felt like he was stretching a muscle that he hadn't used for a long time.
In his back he felt the eternal pulsation and flow of life that ran through the gigantic fig tree on which he had laid himself to rest. Slowly he let a fallen leaf dance in the air in front of his face. As if mesmerized, his eyes followed the graceful movements he forced on them. Up and down, always and again and again. His way of lulling himself to sleep.
His heart beat more and more like the pounding around him and his eyes grew heavy. Today he would rest under the dense canopy of the tree, protected by the thousands of leaves from the blazing sun. Fatigue slowly closed his eyelids and he gave up trying to resist the gentle embrace of sleep. Where would his wings take him tomorrow?
To her. In one fell swoop, the peaceful mood was destroyed and Azazel was thrown back into the cold, harsh reality. He sat up grumpily and let his legs dangle. How well displacement mechanisms sometimes worked ...
Angry with everything and everyone, and especially with himself, he rubbed sleep off his face and took a deep breath of the mild air.
It would dawn soon, he could feel it in his bones. He barely had time left. If he did not hurry now, then - he grudgedly interrupted his erratic thoughts. He knew exactly what to expect if he didn't move his butt out of here soon. His skin would melt from his face like cheese over the fire and he would remain as a charred, rock hard structure. But as if by magic, he remained seated in the gnarled branches and watched the waking city shake sleep from its limbs and rise, ready to tackle the day's work.
"Why are you sitting up there in the tree?" Asked a young child's voice below him in perfect English and Azazel looked down a little surprised with a frown.
The source of the words was a possibly eight-year-old, Japanese-looking child with shoulder-length, straight hair who looked at him with curious eyes and seemed to be waiting for an answer. He didn't want to deny it to him. Somehow this human child amused him. How could a foreign language be so good at such a young age?
"Because I like it much better up here than down there."
It worked visibly behind the child's forehead and Azazel was intensely patterned from top to bottom.
"Where are you from?" She asked after some thought.
"What do you mean?" Azazel replied, puzzled, and jumped elegantly down from his seat.
The child winced slightly when he came up to him, but showed no fear. Gently, so as not to scare him, he crouched in front of the strange being so that they were at eye level. Was it really a boy or a girl? Hard to say. Ultimately, it doesn't matter. Genders were just a construct that humans had created to bring order to the world. Who defined what was female and what was male? Azazel definitely doesn't.
A smile crept over the child's face and literally made him shine from the inside. Azazel was intrigued.
There was something special about it that he felt very clearly. But he didn't think what.
"Are you a Jedi Knight? Like Obi-Wan or Luke? I saw how you used the power! You let the leaf float, just like that! Can you teach me I also want to be a Jedi Knight, even if my mother says I'm too young for that. But she doesn't understand that. But you determine, after all you are one. It's hard? Where did you learn it? Did Master Yoda teach you it? ”, Wanted to know further and let Azazel fall silent for a moment. What-?
"Um, huh?" Azazel said intelligently and his face must have spoken volumes.
"Are you here on a secret mission? To destroy the evil Sith? Can I join? I will also be very good and do everything you tell me! “, The child continued to ask and Azazel was even more confused than before. Sith? Jedi Knight? Mission? What?
"What does a young child like you do so alone in a dark park so early, huh? Don't you realize how dangerous it is? Don't you know what evil monsters lurk in the dark of the night and prefer to eat cheeky little children? ", He scolded the child to distract himself from his complete ignorance," Isn't your mother worried about you? "
The look on the child's face said more than enough. And triggered previously unknown feelings in his chest. And again he followed his intuition, which had surely guided him through his long life.
"Come on, I'll take you back home," Azazel said with a sigh and rose from a crouch, "Where do you live?"
"I don't know ... but I do know the way," she replied, intimidated, and looked at the ground with her lips tightened.
"Come on then!" Azazel asked teasingly and proceeded silently. The child stopped for a moment, then sat down but with a jerk in motion and quickly caught up with his little legs.
"What's your name?" He asked and felt suddenly a small, warm hand in his that had been hanging quietly by his side. A prick shot through his heart like an arrowhead. So pure, so innocent. It trusted Azazel without knowing him. Without knowing its true nature.
"Masa," said the child, looking at Azazel with a wry grin, "And you?"
"Azazel," he said, smiling gently, and gently returned the handshake.
Somewhere in Palermo, Sicily, Italy, May 27, 5:18 a.m.
"So you live here?" Azazel asked with a slight astonishment in his voice when he saw the mighty building looming ahead of him.
The child stubbornly trudged towards it with his short legs and pulled Azazel after him, which he endured without resistance. The house was more like an elegant country villa than a building of modern times, as there were so many now. Thick brick walls and finely worked windows gave it an oriental atmosphere. A fine tingling ran through his interior. The sun would soon appear on the horizon and then he urgently needed to be in a dark, shady place or he would be badly off.
"Yes. Mom took me on one of her business trips. This is just our hotel. At first she didn't want to and thought it would be too dangerous for me to come along. I don't know why, but I think it's cool! Then I no longer have to go to school like the other stupid children, but can do what I want, ”replied the child, jumping excitedly from one leg to the other.
"Do what you want? Isn't it normal for a child your age to go to school and on the playground 
play? Don't you miss her? Your friends?"
"No ... not really," she said, looking treacherously at the floor for a long time while chewing on his lips, which already looked badly maltreated. It seemed like a bad habit. It was trying to lie. And that is pretty bad. Azazel had to smile.
"The other children always annoy me. My mom says I should make friends with them more, then they'll stop, but I don't want to. I prefer to be alone. "
"Why that? You're so nice and nice, aren't you? "
"I don't know, they're just jealous because I'm going to be a Jedi Knight and they're not. Just as you are, Master Azazel! ”Now it started again with this Jedi Knight stuff. What the hell was it always talking about? He had no idea. It was just depressing. It seemed to be something well known and important. And again he hadn't noticed. He suppressed a sigh. It would never be the same again, where all his little sparrows had immediately put all the news in his ear. These were wonderful times irrevocably passed.
It had sealed off, but the tears in his eyes that blinked away spoke a different language. Azazel pretended not to see her. He felt kind of sorry for the child.
"Do you know what, Masa? It doesn't matter that you prefer to be alone and the other kids don't like you, which frankly is pretty stupid of them. Your mother is wrong about this. You can choose your friends yourself. But you shouldn't show them so much what makes you hurt and sad, otherwise they take advantage of that to annoy you, you know? But in your life you need other people, even if you often don't like them so much. "
He stopped in front of the building that was the child's home and crouched in front of the little people to look him in the shiny eyes.
"No matter what they say to you, take it and build a protective shield out of it. If you wear it openly in front of you, then you cannot use it hurt. Show them that you are stronger than they will ever be. ”He ruffled the child's hair.
"And now with you to your mother and then back to bed! To be out here at this untimely time, tzzzzz. ”The human child grinned at him and asked:
"Will we meet again? After all, you have to teach me to be a Jedi! "
"We will see each other again, for sure. But first I have to finish my mission and defeat evil. And our meeting stays between us, doesn't it? Otherwise the evil will know that I have come to fight it. "
Azazel looked at the child seriously. No human soul and his mother were allowed to tell anything about this encounter. Nobody was allowed to know about his gift. Because then sooner or later she would find out. If she didn't know it long ago.
"This is very important to me, Masa, do you understand? You can't even tell your mother anything. No one do you hear? Only the two of us know about it. It's our little secret. ”The child nodded eagerly and croaked:
"I'm not going to tell anyone. Promise! ”Azazel got up again and smiled down at Masa. "When I'm back, I'll teach you everything I know. I promise."
The little person beamed all over his face and suddenly wrapped his arms around Azazel and hugged him very tightly. This stopped dead stiff with fright and just stared down at the little boy. A strange warmth spread through his stomach.
"Thank you!" The child mumbled into his coat and released it just as suddenly as it had hugged him. With a last grin, she turned and ran across the street toward his home with tapping steps.
Azazel stopped looking confused. Just before it turned the corner, it turned and waved goodbye. Azazel's hand flicked up, but only accomplished half of the Way and stuck in the air. Entirely caught in his circling thoughts, he murmured:
"I promise. I keep my promises. Always, Masa. "
He didn't notice a well-known face watching him with his eyebrows drawn together, and then a knowing smile overlaying it.
HQ Bioresearch Cooperation Sicily, Italy, May 27, 9:16 a.m.
"What do you have so urgent to talk to me about Azazel? I know they have to be tired, after all they were all the time- ”asked Professor Heikkinen before pausing, because Azazel had brutally gripped her throat with one hand and pressed her against the wall.
He knew that corner was a blind spot in front of her watchful eyes. That's why he and the wriggling human woman had chosen him as their secret meeting point. He felt the sun stinging in the sky, disgustingly stinging, although of course he had saved himself in the shadows of the building. He didn't have much time, otherwise his burns would be too deep to heal unnoticed, despite being protected from direct radiation.
"What do you actually think what this is here, Professor? Do you think this is a damn game? You blind fool! Why did you first convince me to go on your daring and far less successful mission and then to pull out of it from behind? What do you think, who you have in front of you, human being? “, Azazel hissed with a deep hatred in his voice and his eyes narrowed to flashing slits as the woman wrestled for her oh so precious breath.
"I could just wipe you all out here and you humans would be nothing but ass and dust at my feet will. I could make you suffer agonies that you cannot even imagine in your wildest dreams, pain of unimaginable magnitude that your little mind could never endure. Never forget whose grace you are dependent on. I am a god for you. I can crush you and there will be nothing left to remember you. "
Breathing heavily, he looked at the fidgeting woman in front of him and loosened his grip on her slim neck so that she could give him an answer. Hopefully he had convinced her with his little theater number, because he was by no means as god-divine as he had portrayed himself. Yes, of course, he had a few unusual talents - who could fly and move things simply by thought? People at least not (yet) - but also a few weaknesses that are only too well known.
Only one skill deserved to be given the title “God”. But he hated them and never used them unless he was given absolutely no choice. And he didn't mean slipping. No, it went much deeper and shook the laws of nature. It made him shudder even to think about it. He would never use it again. No way.
"What. For. Hell. You mean. The human woman choked out with a croak and the naked fear stood in her eyes. Good.
"Don't sell me for stupid! You know exactly what I mean! ”Azazel hissed angrily and his face twisted into a hideous grin.
"What do you think happens to people who lie to me, Miss Human? Oh, you still know, my dear, good girl, don't you? You surely remember, I just know it, from our cozy togetherness up in the mountains? Bad girls have to be punished. Treachery must not go unpunished, little Ellen. "
The woman's eyes widened with terror and sweet tears began to fill her.
"No, no, no," she almost sobbed, "I really don't know what you mean, Azazel! I haven't done anything. That's the truth! I don’t lie. You're welcome!"
"Confess your sins, Ms. Ellen Heikkinen. Then maybe I will show mercy and give them a quick death. Why did you betray me to your son, Sanchez? What did they hope to achieve? "
"What? My son? ”Her entire expression expressed incomprehension and Azazel was very tempted to put his long, slender fingers on the stunned eyes and to crush them one by one until they burst like overripe grapes.
"Yes, your depraved son, woman."
"He found out? To help them infiltrate Sari kaki’s network? "
"Yes, I already said that. You are not telling me anything new, my dear professor. I will soon be forced to use harder methods if they understand what I mean. ”And her eyes told Azazel more than clearly that she understood the undisguised threat.
"Do you remember the incident three days ago?"
"How could I forget that? What do you think, what she did to me this time to punish me for my alleged disobedience - which, by the way, you caused by allowing her to find me ?! Made me a hot tea and read me a bedtime story? "Asked Azazel in a voice dripping with sarcasm," Even she can't be that stupid! "
“I understand your anger and hatred very well, believe me. But it wasn't my fault that everything went so wrong that night, ”the human woman tried to talk herself out, but was rudely interrupted by Azazel:
"Yes, most definitely, just blame others. They listened to everything and knew that I still needed time! Fortunately for us, I still managed to get it from to convince the sincerity of my betrayal, so that we have at least a tiny chance to implement our great plan into reality. "
"Please let me finish! Listen to me and then you can decide how to proceed with me. Please, Azazel, please, ”she pleaded with him and for a moment he pressed harder around her neck again. Her wheezes escaped. But well, if she asked him so politely, he didn't want to be like that…
He loosened his iron grip. But only a little. The sun was burning relentlessly and his skin started to tingle in spite of the shadow and he could literally feel how it reddened more and more. He had no more time, damn it.
"Then they talk. But quickly! ”, He asked the trembling pile of misery in front of him.
“Everything was as usual on that night. I had taken the surveillance off of them and played back what was recorded because gaps in the system would be noticed. But I'm not an expert, computer stuff is not my specialty and it goes without saying that seeking help was prohibited. So I noticed too late that someone was accessing my server and kept interrupting the extra signal to them. I couldn't help myself and panicked, there was so much at stake, for her and for me. Easy for everyone. I tried to give them the agreed sign, but I'm not sure if it got there at all. Yes? Well, at least something.
Well, then they were gone and my line was dead. I couldn't help myself no matter what I tried, I couldn't find the cause of this disaster, nor could I get through to them and regain control. The one who took it over also gave Ms. Akthar the signal that something was wrong, I'm sorry. I was damned sitting there and listening to everything. And I think that someone was my son, as much as it hurts me, or one of his weird IT people, I don't know. I'm really sorry. Please believe me!"
Azazel just looked at the woman trembling with despair. He didn't even blink, just looked him in the eye without expression. In these, hope struggled with fear. Would he buy the story? That little liar. His face froze. And so is hers.
"Please, believe me, I'm not lying, it happened like this. Please, Azazel, oh no, please believe me ... “, the human woman stammered senselessly. But there was only one way to find out if she was telling the truth.
With a rum, he pressed her against the wall with the power of his gift, and his hands moved to her curly-headed head. As light as a feather, he put his fingertips on her velvety hair.
"What are you doing ...?" She whispered breathlessly, but a twitch of her eyebrows was enough to paralyze her vocal cords and silence them.
"Shhhh, my dearest Ellen, don't talk. I'm going to do something now that may scare them a little, but don't worry, everyone has survived it without damage, ”he said in a soft voice to the frightened woman, as if calming a child.
He felt a rag of burnt skin loosen on his cheek and slowly slide down towards his collar, making it look like he was crying black tears. But it was him never mind. His fingers pressed hard against her scalp as he forced his mind into her skull and her mouth opened to a silent cry of anguish.
"Most at least."
Headquarters Bioresearch Cooperation Sicily, Italy, May 27, 9:30 a.m.
She really believed what she said. With a thoughtful expression on his face, Azazel looked at the miserably gasping woman at his feet, while the seductive "smell" of blood rose in his nose. A fine trickle came out of her stump crawling looking eye, made a way over the cheek and dripped on her slightly open lips. She had to taste it. He stared at the dark liquid as if mesmerized. A sharp pain suddenly reminded him that not everyone present was as sun-proof as the human woman. With a suppressed groan he stepped up to her and dragged her up roughly. A soft sob answered him. He rolled his eyes in exasperation.
"Now they are not like that. It's nothing else! See the positive thing about it: you are still alive and all limbs are where they belong. Not everyone who has met me can say that. ”Another sob. Well, he granted her self-pity, after all, you didn't get your brains torn apart every day.
Ignoring her whine, he dragged her roughly after him as he headed for the interior of the building to save. Finally. Relieved, he let out his breath, which he had held unconsciously, and circled his head, which he should have avoided as much as possible, because a flash of pain shot through his temples.
"I would advise you to freshen up, Professor. You look a bit exhausted, ”Azazel said with a mockery in the voice to the swaying woman next to her.
"So then, I recommend myself."
For a long time he felt the gaze of the human woman in his back, until he finally turned the corner and disappeared from her field of fire. Lost in thought, his feet carried him further and further into the maze of corridors. What a memorable day - oh night. Whatever. He shook his thoughts in exasperation and hit the wall of meat with full force as he turned the corner. Crackling paper sailed through the air. He fell backwards with a girlish kiekser, but immediately rolled off and was on his feet again as quickly as it had torn him from them. Who dared?
"Damn it, who ...? Oh hello Azazel, ”said the man when he met Azazel's eyes.
He cursed inside. She was just missing. Right here and now. They hadn't faced each other for ages, and now it was a coincidence that he met them again. Susann Black. The devil's daughter. If there were gods, they had to have a strange sense of humor.
"Excuse me, I was in thoughts," he apologized and shook her hand as he was to help her up.
"Thank you." He just nodded and bent to pick up the lost papers from the floor.
"No, no, just leave! I'll do it, ”she ordered in a sharp tone that prevented any contradiction.
Irritated, Azazel rose and watched her struggle to lift the leaves from the smooth ground without breaking them too much. What did she have? Was there something on paper that he shouldn't see? She could have saved her worry if she had just thought about something. Too bad she was apparently blind to the obvious. Because she knew that it was almost impossible for him to read printed matter. The height differences that his eyes needed to recognize something were missing. In the past, this was hardly noticeable, only a handful of people could read it anyway, but now every child could do it and he felt even more lost in the new world into which he had been forced.
"Have a nice day, Ms. Black," he said politely, turning away from her to continue on his way.
"You too, Azazel," answered the back of him. Striving to look relaxed and calm, he strolled on quietly, hoping that he would be spared further unpleasant surprises.
"Azazel, wait a second!" Came the feared voice behind him and he shuddered when he followed the command.
"Turn around to look at me." With gritted teeth, he fixed his expression and looked into the woman's face.
"Yes?"
She looked at him in silence for a long time and he felt like a little boy who was about to reprimand his teacher. A humiliating feeling that he could have done without. He was spared nothing today. But the longer the silence between them extends The worse the sensation in his stomach became, and an increasingly tight rope wrapped around his throat and constricted his breathing. But what was he really afraid of? It could hardly get any worse.
Any pain was just an illusion. It was just his body. Not his mind. He was free in the depths of his soul. Nothing and nobody could harm him there. Or? Dark, well-known doubts crept out of their holes, into which he had banished them after laborious rings, and shrieked and shook the decrepit bars of their prisons. Why right now? He wondered, and a wave of tiredness hit him. He was out of strength, he had been on his feet for so long. The hunt and then a short trip through the professor's head took their toll.
"Can we get this silly farce behind us now? I'm pretty exhausted and would like to go to bed if they don't mind, ”Azazel snapped in a weak voice and barely noticed how much he was wrong in the tone. Fatigue slowly but surely clouded his mind.
"Posse?", She asked back sharply and only caused Azazel to roll her eyes.
"What do you want from me, please? I already said that I am sorry that I ... "
"No, that's not the point."
"Then what for?"
"Have you ever looked in the mirror today?" Silence. Then a long sigh.
"Now think about it, Ms. Susann Black. Maybe they'll come out by themselves then, ”Azazel replied in an instructive voice, the rest drowning in a painful yowl as she scorched his hand.
"Au, merde, shit damn it, oh it hurts ... why did you do it?"
"You got cheeky, Azazel."
"I apologize a thousand times for this, I'm pretty tired, but I can only repeat myself: think hard. I and mirror. Hm, right? "
"Azazel, stop it, or ..."
His thoughts bounced around in his head like a bunch of rabid squirrels. He was completely over the top. After all, she had been trafficking and pissing him almost continuously for the past few days to punish his disobedience from three days ago, making sleep a scarce commodity for him.
"Or what? Do you give me another electric shock? Thank you very much, no need on my part. Well, I'm going to teach them the answer to the riddle if they find it so difficult. My eyes. Does something ring there? "
The woman just looked at him speechless for a moment, completely flabbergasted by his unusual rebellion. It wasn't normal for them either - for Azazel actually, because that's how he used to be. Superior and pretty arrogant. A real asshole, as it was in the book. He had also been able to afford it then. Not really anymore these days. But sometimes times became blurred and he simply forgot that he was no longer in the nineteenth century or even two thousand BC. But he was allowed to. You got forgetful in old age, right?
"I have never and will never see my reflection. Or read a book. Or can operate a computer. Is that enough for you?"
The human woman continued to stare, frowning, and said nothing.
"That's right," she admitted after a while, her head cocked, and patted him with a slight smile on her face past.
Now it was stunned to look at Azazel. No sermon? No message to her? He was confused. Everything changed so incredibly quickly and nothing lasted. You couldn't even rely on the evil in people. What bleak times.
Lively, a little too lively, he turned and had to hold on to the wall for a few moments to avoid falling over. He was literally dim with sleepiness. He painstakingly scratched the last bit of attention he had and shuffled along the corridor towards his well-deserved bed.
Headquarters Bioresearch Cooperation Sicily, Italy, May 27, 8:14 p.m.
A loud crack ripped Azazel out of his comatose sleep. Grumbling, he narrowed his eyes and rolled over to the other side of the mattress, away from the annoying noise. Only a few more minutes, it had only been a few seconds since he'd gone to bed if everything wasn't wrong…
"Get up," her voice lashed over him and suddenly he was awake. He scrambled to his feet and ran his hand through his hair, which had been tousled by sleep.
"Yes, mother?"
He looked at her tensely and waited for further orders, as it should be for a good slave. So humiliating. But it didn't help, he had to go through it now. Not long before he would have survived forever. If only these days would come faster ...
"Get ready, I ha be an order for you. You will go as Marzena. Come to the lobby. ”With that she only looked at him frostily once more and any contradiction was immediately in the bud suffocated. Why did she have such power over him? Without a word, she whirled around and was gone again.
Azazel looked slightly confused for a few moments only at the place where she had been standing. But then he pulled himself together. It would not be wise to keep her waiting, especially since she didn't seem to be in a good mood today. He did as he was told and turned into Marzena.
Headquarters Bioresearch Cooperation Sicily, Italy, May 27, 8:39 p.m.
"Wow, who do we have there?" Asked it behind his back and he turned in exasperation. Grinning broadly, Sanchez stood looking at him with undisguised amusement.
Without a word, Azazel turned back and stared patiently at the same spot as the last five minutes. She made him wait. He was tired of these power games. Everyone knew who had the upper hand here. So why such a thing? Such a senseless waste of time and energy. Behind him he felt the human man getting closer and closer, and his breath was disgustingly warm on his bare neck, as he had piled up his hair into an elegant crouching hairstyle.
"You made yourself really chic, you have to say. You look really hot in your tight skirt and red high heels. And the top isn't bad parents either. I'm curious, did you stuff yourself? Let it feel ... Some would surely want to pop you, even if you would rather go through as a fag. But whatever? Some people just like it. "
Before he could get too close to Azazel with his disgusting human hands, the man's nose made a painful acquaintance with Azazel's knuckles. With a deep groan, Sanchez touched his face and staggered backward. Blood gushed thickly between his fingers and dripped to the floor.
"Don't touch me Mr. Sanchez or you won't get off as lightly as this time," he said coldly to the wailing man and turned around again. Someone came, the pounding of a heart was clearly noticeable.
"Exactly Mr. Sanchez, where are your manners? Don't you know how to behave in the presence of a lady? ”She said as she stepped out of one of the branches into the hall.
"But ...!", The man wanted to speak again, but then only looked at Azazel with angry eyes and stumbled and disappeared around the next corner. What was that performance? Didn't he ever learn?
Shaking her head slightly, she came up to him and looked at him with her lips tightened. He felt nervous. Was something wrong? Had he done something wrong?
"Is everything to your satisfaction, my lady?" He asked carefully.
She looked at him for a long time, but then just nodded and went towards the exit. He hurried after her, slightly confused. What was going on today? There was a somber tension in the air, almost palpable and yet, with the best will in the world, he couldn't say why. And this thought frightened him, because in general he hated giving up the reins and being exposed to whatever may come.
The cool night air enveloped his irritated senses and cooled his exposed nerves. He pulled her deep into his lungs and felt the life that flowed through her. His carousel of thoughts immediately calmed down and something of his inner tension fell away from him. No matter what that night had in store for him, he would survive - after all, he had no choice, right?
He followed her much more relaxed across the moonlit square while they both came closer and closer to such a strange aircraft. It wasn't like an airplane (actually a fairly unimaginative word for this great invention when you look at it thought about it, but good ideas always came too late) two wings, but several circularly arranged lancet-shaped metal disks, which moved quickly in a circle and thus made this oddity stand out from the ground. In a childishly curious way he was fascinated by this new technology of the people. Who would have ever suspected that they would be able to fly or that it would be possible to listen to music without an orchestra? However, due to his lack of basic knowledge of science and technology, it also made him uncomfortable and he preferred to stay with what he knew and understood, even if it closed almost everything to him in the new age. A silent sigh escaped him. Abruptly she stopped in front of the thing and turned to Azazel with a serious expression.
"We meet with one of my colleagues. You know him already, Mr. Zorzi. "
Azazel made his face into a mask freeze of absolute neutrality. He didn't feel like it, not this person. The last time they had met, he had courted Azazel (or rather Marzena). He had even had to endure touch because she wanted it to be that way. Over time, the man had become more and more trusting towards Marzena and had blabbed himself once or twice. For example, he didn't think much of her at the head of Bioresearch Cooperation, she was too gentle to run such a company. Whatever he meant by "soft-hearted", because if she wasn't one, it was. But never mind. Logically, she hadn't liked hearing anything from such an important business partner. Shortly afterwards, half of his closest advisors were killed in a tragic accident. There were coincidences ...
"Lately he's been sniffing around and very inconspicuously it grows more and more into a risk factor every day. And we don't need that. He trusts you, you have wrapped him thoroughly around the finger. Extract everything he can about him.
Project Moira might know and then make him disappear. ”Azazel just nodded. Murder assignments were nothing new to him.
"Do you have any special requests regarding his departure?" He asked. She ran a hand thoughtfully through her shoulder-length hair.
"Maybe suicide since he couldn't handle the sudden death of his only daughter? How sad for his wife, now she is all alone in this desolate world. "
"As you command," Azazel replied shortly.
"Lure him into the forest behind his property. There are no cameras there and nobody will hear you so quickly. ”He nodded again.
"But first you come with me, I have a dinner on his estate. Stay close to me, I don't trust them. ”She never trusted anyone. He rolled his eyes inwardly, but refrained from letting any of it out. Lately, her mistrust had turned into full-blown paranoia, which was only exhausting.
When they lifted off the floor booming loudly, the bad feeling in his stomach rose again. There was something in the air. But what?
Zorzi estate near Castelvetrano, Sicily, Italy, May 27, 10:15 p.m.
On time to the minute, Azazel and she walked through the huge cast iron gate, which broke through the rough stone wall that contained the huge property inside. Azazel felt instantly back in time and a slightly dreamy expression crept across his face. No, not just set back in time. He knew this. He had been here before. So many years ago. How long was it Two hundred years? Three hundred? He no longer knew exactly. But hardly anything had changed, it was as if time had simply stopped.
The villa towered mightily in front of them and was flanked by slender cypress trees that swayed gently in the evening wind. Wrought iron balconies and finely curved window arches were still in place where he had left them. Azazel wistfully looked at his old friend, who was constricted with ridiculous balloons and strips of fabric. Candlelight and flickering shadows were much better for him. This was simply not worthy of him. Anger arose in Azazel. People just didn't understand. How could you not see such grandeur? Were you so blind? Didn't they see the miracle that was presented to them? The beauty of darkness and age? But his anger evaporated and nothing but sad emptiness remained. There was no point in trying to change people's nature. They were just as they always were and always would be. Caught in their own little cosmos, unable to see what was right in front of them.
"Welcome Ms. Akthar! Welcome Ms. Mazur! “, A voice that was very squeaky with enthusiasm pulled him out of his thoughts and Azazel had to pull himself together not to break the neck of the speaker. He could easily dispense with what would now involuntarily follow. But no one heard his silent prayers and released him from his agony.
"Good evening, Mr. Zorzi. It's a pleasure to see you again, ”she replied with a mock smile. She gave Azazel a long look that said more than enough. Now it was up to him to do his part. Let The Games Begin!
“It is also a great pleasure for me to meet you again. I was really looking forward to this evening, ”said Azazel with amazingly credible enthusiasm and then after a few moments of intensive eye contact, put it down coquettishly.
"Come! Come! The party is already in full swing inside. We don't want to miss the opening of the buffet! “,
 the bald man talked to both of them and complemented them in the villa.
Azazel I looked back wistfully at the olive groves that stretched to the left and right of the path they had come. There he would have been a hundred times better than being locked in a stuffy room with so many people who couldn't even stare at him unobtrusively and whisper about his rather unusual appearance. With a deep breath, he braced himself for the inevitable and happily accepted the offered arm with a smile. Chained to the man of man, he entered the building.
It was worse inside than he feared. Not only that man didn't leave him for a second and had his fingers on him all the time. No, he also forced Azazel to have a polite conversation. Fortunately, he had thought up Marzena's life beforehand, otherwise he would have been sweating a lot now.
“Yes, the time that I studied in Budapest was really one of the best times so far, I can only agree with you on this point, the city is simply wonderful. But excuse me, I want to get some fresh air. "
Glad to escape the meaningless babble of the fat matron in front of him, he meandered between chatting little groups and headed for the terrace he had been looking at all along. With firm hand movements, he opened the sliding door and carefully stepped outside. He didn't want to fall on his high shoes. Slowly but surely his feet hurt. Suddenly he took them off and took them in his hand. His thoughts circled cocks fighting around each other and he was just tired. Tired of being on guard. Tired of people's empty talk. Tired of the weight of the mask that made him wear it. He put his head back and closed his eyes.
Only a muffled cackling laugh and clinking of glasses came to his ear. The sounds of the night came slowly into the Foreground. In the ivy bush next to Azazel, a gecko rustled quietly and headed for the light, where rich prey was waiting for him. Moth wings beat against the wall, drumming. Protected in the deep black shade of the trees, a marten stalked in search of prey and paused for a moment when he saw Azazel's presence. He scurried away into the night. How gladly he would have followed him. He liked Mader. You were so playful.
"A wonderfully mild night for May, don't you think?" Came the sound behind him and the peaceful atmosphere was suddenly destroyed.
"Yes, that was my thought too," Azazel replied with a smile and turned his head to Zorzi.
He had closed the door behind him and stood next to Azazel (or Marzena in his view). He happily leaned on the railing and looked at Azazel. Now or never, it shot through his head. They were alone, no one had ever seen them go out together. She had to survive the short time without him. Maybe there was a robbery and she died? With his luck, it was rather unlikely. Too bad.
"Shouldn't we be dukes, Mr. Zorzi? We now know us so good. My superiors don't have to know if they like it, ”Azazel said in a rough voice and looked intensely at the man in front of him.
“Yes, if you don't mind, Marzena Mazur. Hmmm, this name alone. Marzena. Worthy of a goddess. ”He wasn't that wrong. It was, after all, the ancient Slavic deity. That of winter - and death. Azazel never chose a name for nothing.
The man's heart pounded frantically in his chest. He really had to covet Marzena. Maybe now he got what he wanted. With a sensually open smile, Azazel came closer to the man and brought his lips to his ear.
 
"Am I a goddess for you, Alessandro?" He whispered hoarsely and bit gently but firmly in the earlobe. The man's breath accelerated audibly. It was almost too easy.
Azazel jerked away and strutted with swaying hips down the stairs that connected the terrace to the ground. In a few simple steps, he opened his hair so that it fell long and softly over his back. The gravel of the path crunched softly under his bare feet as he strolled toward the trees. Teasing, he turned to the man who stared at Marzena with wide eyes.
"What is it, Alessandro? Not in the mood for dessert for gods? "
Stumbling, the man started to move and Azazel turned, grinning. Now the beautiful part of the evening could begin.
Zorzi estate near Castelvetrano, Sicily, Italy, May 28, 00:59
"Come on my cat, look for me," Azazel lured in a lovely voice and watched the man panting towards the trees, in whose shadow Azazel was hiding. It was so disgusting. But they were no ch not far enough away from the others to be able to "talk" undisturbed.
"Oh my goddess ..." stammered the man in a hoarse voice and lust burned in his eyes. Azazel smiled.
"Catch me," he said to the man and continued to chuckle.
"Well wait a little wild catch, I can still get you!" He answered with a laugh and heavy steps made the ground shake.
With graceful movements, Azazel stroked a tree and pushed deeper into the dark. But for him everything was crystal clear to see and so he was able to observe with amusement the man who stared wide-eyed after him and blindly ran towards his downfall.
"Am I here?" He whispered softly in the man's ear, so that he spun around, "Or here?"
Now they were far enough away and finally Azazel could take action. Leaning against a tree, he pretended to be hiding, knowing that Zorzi was behind him and could even see Azazel with his human eyes. As expected, warm human arms wrapped around his waist and gasping breath was blown on the back of his neck.
"Got you, kitty."
The man breathed fine kisses on Azazel's exposed skin and let out a deep groan. Azazel clearly felt the erection on his butt that man began to rub openly on Azazel. Nausea coupled with abysmal disgust rose in him and he could no longer maintain his role. It was just disgusting and he felt soiled by the groping fingers on his body.
He just didn't understand this whole sex circus. These grotesque courtship rituals, this seemingly inevitable urge for physical union. And all that to ensure the existence of its own kind. Just bizarre. Without sex everything was much easier, Azazel had been certain for a long time. Well, not that he had a choice but to live in celibacy. After all, there was no second like him on this little planet. And even if? He had seen what pleasure could do and so he could easily do without it.
With a zest he turned and pushed the man to the ground. Only a startled sound escaped from him before Azazel straddled him.
"Oh, so you're one of those? I like it when women take the initiative, ”said Zorzi, breathing heavily.
Azazel gripped the bald man's wrist and pressed it to the ground next to his head. Now he had him under his control, without the horny goat being aware of it. But the bad awakening would come soon enough, the man could be sure of that.
"I am your goddess, Alessandro, have you forgotten? And gods rule those who worship them, ”Azazel replied, leaning down to smile at the man. His eyes closed and he expected a kiss. He got something else for it.
The scream resounded loudly through the mild early summer night when Azazel jabbed a quickly formed dagger into his hand and nailed it to the dusty floor.
"What the hell ... ?!", the man choked out before a new cry escaped his throat, since the second hand was also pierced by a sharp blade.
"Shhhhh my dear," Azazel said comfortingly and put a hand on the trembling lips of the human.
Black mist flowed from behind his back from the skin of his forearm and formed a long knife with a jagged edge. A pleasant shiver ran down Azazel's back. How he loved it. He firmly gripped the shaft and waved it slowly and delightfully in front of Zorzi’s startled eyes.
“We're playing a little game now, Alessandro. Don't worry, the rules are very simple, so far everyone has always understood them. You are silent until I ask you a question. Then and only then can you open your mouth and speak. Otherwise I'll have to punish you unfortunately. "
With his head cocked, Azazel looked at the frozen person, whose eyes were only glued to the jet black blade in front of his face. How rude. The knife whizzed through the air and the man let out a throaty groan. A fine line ran across the man's torso, but so far only clothing has suffered. Azazel finally knew what he was doing. After all, he could still cut deeper.
"Look at me when I talk to you!" He shouted at the trembling heap of misery beneath him and his eyes were obediently on Azazel's glowing eyes.
"I'll let go of your mouth now and then you won't scream, understand? Or do I have to be clearer? ”The man shook his head frantically. Good.
"A smart guy, huh?" Azazel mocked, but as promised took his hand from the man's mouth.
"Let me go you crazy bitch, I will you ... ahhhh!" Blood colored his light shirt red and his breath accelerated audibly. Azazel pressed his hand to the man's mouth again and leaned down a little.
"Tztztz, Alessandro. I thought you were listening earlier? A goddess cannot tolerate disobedience from her subjects, ”said Azazel, closing his nose with his second hand.
Screaming dully in his hands, the man reared up and tried to breathe air into his lungs, but Azazel refused to do so with an iron grip. Blood gushed out from under the daggers and trickled down the opening and closing fingers of man. Gradually, Zorzi's movements became weaker and a twitch ran across his body. Azazel let go and the man sucked in a miserable gasp. Coughing, he turned his head to the side and tried to catch his breath. Azazel brutally grabbed his chin and forced him back into his old position.
"Already forgotten? You should look at me! "
With a sigh, Azazel leaned on the ground and came closer to the panting face below.
“So my dear Alessandro, let's try again. You only speak when I allow you to. Did you understand this time Or do we have to repeat the experience from just now? "
The man's lips trembled and he inhaled. Only to spit Azazel in the face with full force. His face froze and his eyes grew cold like ice. He slowly raised his arm and wiped the warm spittle off his cheek. Nobody spat at him. This imp would pay for it.
"What do you want to do now, hey? Strangling me? Beat me up? Get off me! Just wait until you notice my disappearance then- “, the man started, but was interrupted by Azazel, who was very calm. Anyone who knew him well knew that it was the calm before the storm that would now roar and thunder over this fool.
"Then what? Will they look for you Will they arrest me and put me on trial? Oh, forgive me, I didn't know that. Now I'm afraid. After all, I'm just a stupid blonde girl, ”Azazel etched back and grabbed the man roughly by the neck, which made him gasp.
"You don't seem to know what situation you are in. As far as I know, you are not in a position to make demands. And if I am not mistaken, then you are pretty attached to your small, fine life. Why do you want to throw it away so lightly just because your pride doesn't allow you to submit to me? Now don't look at me in amazement, what did you think what this will be like? A nice wreath of coffee? Do not make a fool of yourself. If you continue to be so uncooperative, I'm unfortunately forced to cut your life out of you. It would actually be a shame, wouldn't it? "
The grip on the man's throat tightened and the man began to wriggle under Azazel again.
"Damn it, let me go you beast! Ahhhhh! ”A well-dosed punch in the stomach silenced the people.
"Quiet. So I am giving you one last choice: cooperation or death. What is your choice? "
With a cold face, he put the tip of a knife on the man's chest, right between the ribs, ready to strike. The
"Metal" passed on the rapid beats of the heart so that Azazel could feel it beating in his hand. The man opened his mouth, then closed it without saying a word. And again. It reminded of a fish on land. It was slowly enough for Azazel. He wanted answers, damn it!
"So, Alessandro? How does it look? ”, He asked the people again to decide and gently pressed his
Blade down. The man took a hissing breath as meat was cut up.
"Alright, alright! I play in your game! You won. Just take the knife out of there for God's sake! "
"You see, was it so difficult? That was all I wanted to hear. "
"What do you want from me?!"
“Answers, Alessandro, answers. What do you know about the so-called Moira project? Oh by the way, I can tell when someone is trying to lie to me. And I don't tolerate that. But you're a good boy and you always tell the truth nicely, aren't you? ”The man just nodded in alarm as the blade bored a little deeper into his chest.
"Speak!"
"I don't know what she wants - au! All right, all right, I've heard rumors. From colleagues. Rumors of a new work by Akthar, a new project of whatever kind. But I don't know if that's what you mean. "
"Tell me everything you know!"
“She seems to have succeeded in extremely strengthening a subject's ability to heal, if not making him immortal! Imagine that. No more illness, no suffering, no aging. What a temptation, what kind of business she could do with it! But I have known her for a long time and she has changed and not that t for the better. I was and still am afraid that she will simply sell the formula for this wonderful opportunity for humanity to the highest bidder. ”
"And what would be so bad about it now? If you had done something different, would you have been the one who would have discovered her? ”
"Yes, I would have made this formula freely available to everyone and - ouch!"
"I said no lies! You should have had it for yourself to get rich with, right? Now don't look so offended, I don't judge you for that! It's all mine warmly no matter. I am only here for my assignment and not to discuss morals and decency, even if you were in dire need of it. Continue."
“If the military, whatever government, gets their hands on that stuff, then grace us God! A new era of warfare would emerge. Immortal soldiers. The very thought of it is horrible, isn't it? Incidentally, I don't think this kind of experiment would have been approved by any ethics committee. In theory, one could accuse them of this alone and make this scandal public. But it doesn't matter, so I did some research and came across something that I have to make accessible to the general public. It is just too shocking and will definitely bring Akthar down. There is a secret experimental laboratory where she does her research. And their subjects are definitely not there voluntarily. ”The man looked at Azazel with a gray expression on his face and his lower lip trembled.
What was so shocking about it? Well, what she was doing was illegal, but that couldn't be the reason for human horror. Or was he just a coward and afraid of Azazel's knife? That was more likely. As if Zorzi had scruples. She and he were much too similar for that. The same and the same like to join.
"Does the name Sari kakis mean anything to you?", Azazel interrupted the flow of human speech and pushed back the thought of the involuntary test subjects. He would deal with that later.
An idea matured in him. And Zorzi could even be useful in this. Whether dead or alive would still be revealed. He hastily tore off a piece of the man's jacket and wrapped it tightly around the bracelet on his wrist. Hopefully that would be enough to keep them from listening. Because that would be the last thing he could use.
"What…? Yes yes yes, I already answer! No need to skewer me! Yes, of course I know this gnome! He had my daughter killed! If I can get my hands on it, then ... What is it? I'm not lying this time! "
"Not so loud! Now I'm going to tell you something that may shock you, so try to keep calm. ”Azazel took a deep breath. "I murdered your daughter, Alessandro."
He watched intently the changing emotions on the man's face. From hate to grief to unbelief, everything was there.
"What ... No, that can't be true ... You?" The man blinked violently at Azazel. But he seemed to believe it.
"Why?" He pressed out. Azazel sighed softly and looked down at Zorzi wearily.
"I was told. I'm honestly sorry that your little girl got caught between the fronts in this senseless little war. ”
"I shit on your pity! I'll kill you!"
The man tried to stand up, his face contorted with rage, but the knives in his hands prevented it very effectively. Azazel hit him hard on the bare skull with his forehead and the human being groaned with pain.
“I understand you, Alessandro, very well, but the real culprit is her. Anjay Akthar. ”Azazel shuddered by that name alone. It was time for him to get away from her.
"She gave me the order." The man's eyes wavered at him.
"But you carried it out! My daughter was innocent. They have never harmed anyone! Why did she have to die? Tell me! Why ?! ”, he mumbled, still a little disoriented after the blow to his head.
"Because Akthar wanted to be sure of your loyalty. Who would cheat someone to help avenge their child's death? A clever move by her, your daughter life cost. But this is about something bigger, Alessandro, so please listen to me now. "
"Something bigger? How dare you, the souvenir ...! "
"Silence!" Azazel hissed at the man and tightened his grip on his throat. Humble fell silent and pure hatred burned in his eyes. Azazel had created a new enemy. Oh yes, the list grew and grew and soon he would have to start keeping a record of who wanted to see him because of what suffering. Otherwise he would lose track.
"It is true what you tell, Akthar has made it so far to make a subject invulnerable. But we both know, even if you may not want to admit in your greed for profit that it would end in an unprecedented catastrophe, it should really succeed in rows to make people immortal. The world is on the brink as well, you know, overpopulation and dwindling resources and so on. But no matter what I want to say, Akhtar’s project must be stopped. And it is now important to forget the rivalries until that is done. Work with Sarikakis. Go with his help and under his protection - you know that she wouldn't accept your betrayal so easily, after all, she actually sent me to kill you, but that's another topic - with what you know to the public . This Moira project should be destroyed. "
Breathing heavily after his speech, Azazel waited tensely for the reaction of the man whose head seemed to be rattling visibly. Hopefully he made the right decision. Otherwise Azazel would have to kill him. A wasted death that others would need much more. The man's teeth grinded against one another and his face twisted into a grimace of rage as he seemed to make a decision.
"Why should I trust your words? You are a murderer! "
"Yes, I am. I never denied that. Beware of those who pretend to be pure, free from sin. Because they hold the darkest secrets. "
"Go to hell!"
"No, thank you very much, I've been there and it didn't appeal to me very much." Azazel looked at the man wearily. His nerves were at an end.
"Believe me or don't believe me. You know as well as I do that you have no choice. I won't give you another chance to save your life. She wants your death, I don't care whether you live or die. If you go now and she realizes that you are still alive, you will perish much faster than you can take a breath to scream your agonies out. And believe me, it can be very cruel. Do you really think it was a coincidence that half your advisory staff was decimated in this tragic accident a few weeks ago? Who do you think is responsible for the mysterious murders that cleaned up their ranks of dissenters, traitors in their eyes? God? Fate? No, Anjay Akthar, my dear. And you won't be any different. "
The bald man looked speechlessly at Azazel, who put his hands on the dagger blades that tied Zorzi to the ground. He winced in pain but remained silent. But Azazel felt something, a fine, barely noticeable nuance in the air. He would do what Azazel had told him to do. He knew that. Man was far too afraid of death. And now you too, because he knew very well who he was facing and what she were capable of. Even if he couldn't or didn't want to give it to Azazel.
With a sharp jerk, Azazel pulled the blades from the flesh of the human being, who whimpered softly with agony. He almost felt sorry for Azazel. But only almost. Azazel rose and kicked the man in the stomach with great force, causing him to crumble in pain and to lie on his side curled up into a solid ball.
"You know how to choose. Your life is in your hands. Get out of here."
Azazel slowly turned gently into the darkness.
"You won't believe me. Nobody will believe me. I'll die, ”whispered behind him, and Azazel stopped to turn around with a fine smile on his full, red-painted lips.
"Might be. May not be. Who knows what the future holds? ”With these words he wanted to go on until he had another thought.
"Tell Sari kakis, Azazel will send you as a gift to demonstrate the veracity of his endeavors." He could literally feel the confused looks behind his back and walked into the night with a swing.
"Then maybe you won't die very quickly. But just maybe."

Chapter 15
Headquarters Bioresearch Cooperation Hamburg, Germany, May 31, 5:57 a.m.
With a pounding headache, Azazel leisurely shuffled down the dreary passage that would take him to his well-deserved shower. Yawning, he circled his head and massaged his throbbing temple with narrowed eyes. He could use sleep well now. And bite something. Wrong, drink! No not really either. Hm, eat? No matter.
He stopped just in time and turned to the side when someone rushed around the corner and threatened to run over the pile. Was nobody watching where he was going? But the tiredness in him was too great to be upset about such a little thing now. It just wasn't worth it.
"Hey, Azazel," came the professor's shaky voice and a little surprised the addressed looked up.
She had deliberately avoided meeting Azazel since the ... incident and he hadn't tried to convince her otherwise. He knew she needed time to recover from the shock. But he still didn't trust her completely. This time she didn't seem to have betrayed him. Her misguided son (How were the two actually related to each other? Neither the appearance nor the family name they shared ... Strange, all very strange ... Perhaps Azazel would ask her about it later.) Must have known it in a different way. Maybe he had figured out that something was going on behind his back. Unlikely, but the possibility had to be considered.
"Hello, Professor Heikkinen. What are you doing on your feet so early? ”He asked the woman with genuine curiosity.
"I couldn't sleep," she replied, turning to go on.
 Somehow she suddenly looked old and drained. There were deep rings around her sunken eyes and her hair was straw-like from the head. It looked really bad, as if it were wheeled. Azazel felt guilty. A real event of the century with him. Had he hurt her so much? Perhaps he had overreacted in his anger and hurt her, he admitted. She was the only ally he had here. He needed her that suddenly became clear to him. But did she need him? He was no longer so sure. What did she want to achieve with his help? Who was she anyway?
"Ms. Heikkinen, I mean, um ... Ellen ... it, I'm honestly sorry for what I did to you. I had no right to invade your privacy like that. I really beg your pardon. "
She stopped, but didn't answer and didn't turn to Azazel. Icy fingers closed around his chest and contracted mercilessly, making it harder for him to breathe.
"In my anger I was blind to the consequences of my actions. But I don't want to break away from my mistakes. No, I am aware that I may never be forgiven for what I did to them in those few moments. I don't expect that either. But they are the only one in here who comes close to something like a companion, a ... friend. I'm really honestly sorry. I only have her ”, he almost whispered the last sentence and turned sadly.
It was true. Without her, he was alone among enemies. She alone connected him to the outside world and thus to the very limited time without bars around him. And if that connection broke, he didn't know what he was going to do. He would be lost. He wanted to go on, depressed, when he felt a warm hand on his shoulder. Startled, he turned.
With her typical, fine smile, the human woman looked up at Azazel and stroked an unruly streak from his face and gently rubbed his hair as if it were as if he were ... He had to swallow. A feeling completely foreign to him flowed in his chest and tingled him from the inside. He had never had a real mother. Just a faceless person who looked after him, gave him food and drink and kept him alive when he was too small to take care of himself. That taught him to function in society and to fit in perfectly. He had no memory of what was called a mother on earth. But why did this thought suddenly feel so terrible?
"I can't forgive you for what you did to me this morning. But I can understand why you did it, ”she said almost in a whisper and turned away from him.
Azazel stared silently. He was paralyzed. An all-devouring mouth full of pointed fangs dug deeper and deeper into his soul. What had he done?
The plate cracked loudly on the floor as the force escaped from his hands. Rigidly it stayed in the same place, where it had been standing all the time, pondering the broken glass at his feet. Slowly, struggling through the air that had become liquid, it crouched down and grabbed an irregularly shaped part. It winced as the sharp edges cut his palms and black blood dripped thickly to the ground. It closed its eyes with delight and put its head back. This something, this (feeling?), It was so new, so exciting and it shuddered involuntarily. His breath grew heavier as his hand clenched into a fist and a new sharp pain swept through his body and his neck hair straightened. It (felt?). What was (feel)?
"What are you doing there? Get up and clear that away, ”a cutting voice tore him back into reality and (confused?) Looked up at his producer.
Cold chilled his bones and his heart started to beat faster. All wrong. It was wrong. You didn't understand. A hot flash of lightning shot through its middle and it wanted to tear, eat, hit, and kill. They kill. But just as fast as this Inconceivability had occurred to him, it had vanished again, displaced by the years polished and optimized mind, which could only analyze, but not understand what was happening to him. What was wrong with him? Secretly it knew, even if it couldn't understand it. It had happened and there was no rescue in sight.
"Yes, right away," she replied in a whisper and suddenly became very weak.
With trembling hands clenched into fists, it still tried to sit up, but the space around it began to spin. He flew around him faster and faster and his stomach began to gurgle loudly. Oh no, it was all she could think of before it collapsed and dropped to her knees. A few shards broke under his body and how it was through numerous layers of fog how they cut his skin.
"What do you have, Azazel? Should I get a doctor? ”Someone asked from a distance, but his paralyzed mind was unable to process the sparkling words of his mother tongue, nor to form an answer.
"Azazel? Answer me! ”This voice gave him goose bumps and (fear? Yes, fear) crept into his hectically pumping heart.
"No no. Please no. Let, no, no, no ... ”, it whined softly then shrieking and crawling panicked away from its producer. Away, away, away! Just gone!
His stomach finally lost the fight with the nausea and gagging loudly, Azazel flooded the floor with its contents. It was permeated with half-clotted blood because its internal organs were slowly but steadily disintegrating. So it must have reached stage three, was his last clear thought before he saw it. A dark shadow lurked on the edge of his field of vision and followed him slowly, waiting patiently for a sign of his weakness. And this shadow man had all the time the world, because he had always been with Azazel and stretched out his tentacle hands to him. Now sobbing uncontrollably, he tried to get away from his loyal companion faster and faster, even though he knew that it was senseless. But it was (fear), (fear of death).
Bleeding from countless small cuts, it stretched across the floor, piece by piece, the main thing. Away, away, away. His producer heard it rumble in his back, but couldn't help but turn around and see what she was doing, because then he would have seen him again, his dark companion. He came closer and closer, and Azazel almost felt his icy breath on the back of his neck.
"Hi? Yes, I want to report a new infection, probably already stage two, if not three, so please hurries. My name is - ”, but she didn't get any further, because with a petrified face it jumped up, nimble than one would ever trust him to be given his condition, and rammed the long, pointed shard into her throat that it was holding all the time had held his hand.
With a loud rum, the two fell tightly wrapped on the ground and a choked gurgling escaped her throat. Tears streamed down his bloodstained face as it stung again and again, even when the mortal rigidity set in and his producer found them both. It was her. She had been him. The shadow. The cold. His nightmarish companion. Azazel had killed him, death. It was free. Free again. A childlike giggle escaped from him and beamed with joy (joy? What was joy ?!), he looked at his producer, who only stared blankly at him and the body, which had been destroyed beyond recognition. (Happy) wasn't he? Azazel did it!
"I killed him, killed him, yes, he's dead, hehe. Finally dead. Dead and dead. T for dead. Death is dead. Nobody ever has to die again n do you understand? Hihi ... “, it trilled happily.
"No Azazel, this is not the death you killed."
"Not?" With wide eyes he looked at his producer. What did he mean? Then who was it? The space around him started spinning again, first slowly, then faster and faster. Hui! More quickly!
"No, my child, he was your producer. My wife. And you murdered her. "
Azazel looked at him without a word, then at her, then at him again. And just tipped over. His eyelids fluttered like the wings of an injured bird as strong shackles wrapped around him and dragged him down into the deep black abyss. To him, the one it had killed. It wanted to scream and roar, but only a whimper that faded away in the room escaped his chapped lips when the shadow man demanded what had always been: Azazel's mind.
Azazel shivered, frantically wiping away the tears that wet his cheeks. He struggled to get his breath under control and put his face in his hands. It was over. He was no longer there. It was just a dream. Just a dream, a nightmare. With his lips pressed together, he turned on his side and banished any memory from his head. It was past. It was done. He was now a resident of this little earth. Through and through. He had irrevocably left this chapter of his life behind and locked it in the farthest corner of his mind where memories could not harm him.
Even so, he was still awake until they came to get him and could not drive out a word that whispered and whispered and tortured him and at the same time comforted him: Mom.
Brühlsche Terrasse, Dresden, Germany, June 2nd, 1:59 am
Azazel dreamily gazed at the sluggishly flowing Elbe his feet. The former Royal Saxon Ministry of Finance rose powerfully on the other bank, the massive walls of which resembled a small fortress rather than bureaucracy. Behind him the art academy flaunted its golden one Roof, but was subject to the combined strength of the Hofkirche and the Frauenkirche. Fortunately, the old town hadn't changed much - because he had always particularly liked this town, his little Florence on the Elbe. Melancholy he leaned against the railing and waited.
Yes, dear reader, he, Azazel, beings of unprecedented power and age were waiting for people. An unimaginability that he would never have endured a few months ago. But they forced him to do it, they forced him to do it. The people. What a mangy pack, he thought contemptuously for the hundredth time that night. He should have wiped her out when he still had a chance when he was a goddess to her. But well, unfortunately some mistakes could not be undone, even if one wished so much. On the other hand, it would have been pretty boring without these funny characters and their bold ideas.
"Only out of pure interest: do you want to stand there for a long time and stare at it silently, or do you prefer not to come here? The view is really wonderful, ”Azazel asked amused into the silent night and was rewarded with twitching in his back twice.
A smile flitted like a ghost over its noble features and took away some of the harshness that was currently defining it. Grumbling inaudible to human ears swelled behind him and two men approached him. His heart rate instinctively increased as he sensed her pulse and his senses were working. The animal stirred in the depths of its soul and lifted its head lazily, but Azazel had it completely under control. He was excited to see what would happen tonight. Maybe the time had come and he could soon let his only true nature run free? But so much depended on the people and he hated how many unknowns there were in this formula. Too much was at stake.
"Oh yes, Azazel. What a pleasure to see you again. Especially since we didn't get the last meeting. Very rude not to inform me, don't you think? ”Asked the man from Ephesus, Sari kakis, how Azazel now really knew thanks to the professor. Photography was astonishing.
"We both know how important courtesy is to them."
With a mild smile, Azazel turned to the people and cocked his head slightly. Beside Sari kakis was someone he had almost never hoped to see again alive. And that someone stared at him with a frown as intensely as if he wanted to burn a hole between Azazel's eyes.
"I have to apologize, forgive me for this insult. I had ... how I can say ... ", Azazel waved his hand," Internal company problems, I allowed no delay. Yes, that's how you can describe it. "
The man raised an eyebrow questioningly and in disbelief:
"In-house?"
"Yes," Azazel replied simply, hoping that the man would leave it alone. Because he didn't think they would be particularly good if they found out that one of Akhtar’s closest confidants was aware of Azazel's and Sari kaki’s planned project. If only in broad strokes, but what difference did facts make as soon as suspicion was at stake?
"You, um, are you this Azazel?" Asked Alessandro Zorzi with a badly concealed stunned voice and saved him from the predicament. He was almost grateful to the human man. But just almost. A mocking smile played around the corner of Azra's mouth as he turned his attention to this horny goat who was still staring at him.
"Yes, this is him, as I must have explained to you thirty times," Sari kakis replied in his stead, which gave the man a grim sideways glance that he hadn't noticed.
As said before, Azazel hated forgetting polite manners.
"But, he, um, well, he ...", the man stammered embarrassed and could not take his eyes off Azazel. And he knew exactly why and enjoyed seeing the man writhing with shame and humiliation. Sari kakis sighed audibly:
"What is your problem? Just say it, then we can all go our way again as quickly as possible and you don't have to endure it with him any longer. Isn't that what you want, Mr. Zorzi? "
The addressee managed to tear his eyes away from Azazel for a moment and glower at his companion. Oh yes, he almost forgot why Zorzi hated him. Well, most of the people who resented him did so because he killed or at least tortured one of their loved ones. Slowly he lost track ...
"He is a man!" Zorzi said after some silence and the other man rolled his eyes, obviously annoyed.
"Your powers of observation are simply sensational! Without her I would never have heard that, honestly! "
Since two got along really well, you had to say. Azazel had difficulty suppressing a grin when he saw the bald man's outraged look.
"Now they don't do so condescendingly. How do you think, how would you be if this someone had introduced themselves to you as Marzena Mazur, interpreter in the service of Anjay Akthar and was clearly a woman at every encounter ?! Wouldn't they be stunned? "
Sari kakis watched with interest between the angry man and Azazel, and finally Azazel felt compelled to accelerate the whole Schose. Although he had rendered Sanchez harmless for several hours, if not a whole day, the danger of being discovered increased with it every minute the professor forged the data that his bracelet gave her. He didn't have forever.
"People believe what they want to see," he said simply, closing his face to any emotion. But for Zorzi, the topic didn't seem to be over yet:
"So what are you, uh, are they now? Man or woman?"
The wind picked up and made a few strands of his long, open hair dance through the air. What was Azazel? Female or male? Child or old man? Human or alien? Death or alive? No, just he - wrong, it - himself. Names and clothes, customs and languages, cultures and traditions evaporated as quickly as they came. They were just a dazzle to move among people and become one of them, if only for a few moments. It didn't really matter what Azazel really was. People have always been interested only in who they were and what they could do. The rest was the same to them.
"Isn't it unimportant?" Azazel asked the man in front of him. This looked very irritated.
"Enough of that, it really doesn't matter at first. That's why we're not here, ”Sari kakis said.
"Yes, truly not," Azazel agreed, turning his blood red eyes to him, "You know why I sent Mr. Zorzi to them?"
The man nodded slowly and glanced at his sulking companion:
"If he speaks the truth. As you probably know, I am not so easy to convince. And if I put my trust in the wrong people, everything that we have been fighting for so long will be lost. ”
"What are you fighting for? That the world will once again become a medieval-looking society of biblical Christians? Pah. You have no idea what you are talking about. What business you miss! ”Snorted Z Choice. I or she. Very easily."
Suddenly tired, Azazel closed his eyes and only listened to his heartbeat. The steady beat calmed his swirling thoughts. He couldn't let himself go now and sink into self-pity. Calm blood, he would find a way out, as always. And under no circumstances could he show weakness in front of people again. Never again. Ancient hatred flared up inside him and let new strength wander through his bones. Energy boiled up in him and every cell was electrified. He was Azazel, he was a god for these wretched creatures, and soon they would beg for mercy whimpering on their knees, but he never forgot. The time of vengeance would come and they would bleed, every one of them for what they did to him. Death was too good for her. They should suffer the way they made him suffer. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
"Oh, very simple, they say? Pffff, I don't think so. I have a choice between plague and cholera, and both of them don't seem very tempting if they understand. But since I have to choose between two evils, of course I choose the unknown. Who knows what else I would have missed? "
With an almost arrogant smile, Azazel returned to his old form. The man looked at him with a fine grin around his mouth.
"Then we get into business?"
"Yes."
"Good," said Sari kakis, taking a deep breath of the city's smog-polluted air, as if it were his sweet elixir of life. Azazel's brooding gaze fell on the groaning Zorzi on the floor, waking from his faint. He almost forgot!
"Do you still need it?", He asked the grinning person with a dismissive gesture and had to hold himself in order not to grind his teeth in anger. Arrogant bastard. But his punishment would catch him soon enough. Azazel was already looking forward to this moment. In any case, he had plenty of time to come up with a worthy punishment.
The man looked only moderately interested at the passed out and said casually as if he had been asked about the weather:
"No, you can have him calm. He annoyed me anyway. Well then. ”Sari kakis turned to Azazel:
"See you, beings." And disappeared lightly in the night.
Stunned was spread in the addressed, as
he heard the last whispered word and he managed to get even paler than he already was. What…? From where…? No. No! NO!
In the casemates under Brühl's Terrace, Dresden, Germany, June 2nd, 2:24 am
The stone floor crunched softly under his feet as Azazel hurriedly entered the underground battlements shrouded in deep darkness. Relentlessly he dragged it Unconscious after him, without paying attention to what it hurled against and how much the rough floor cut his face. It was insignificant. He was just a human. One in a million. Who cared about his mysterious disappearance? Almost no one on earth had heard of him. His death was inevitable anyway. People were born to die. They were so short-lived, so fragile. A fine breeze was enough and their light went out as if it had never existed. It was a miracle that they had survived in this harsh world for so long before they managed to submit to them. Or at least imagine it. Blinded fools.
Impenetrable blackness enveloped him and a human could not even have seen his hand in front of his eyes. But Azazel wasn't human. With a hard bang, he dropped the man and stroked the target stone wall that loomed next to him. Whimpering, Zorzi wriggled on the floor, but a slight wave of his hand was enough to paralyze his vocal cords and force him to remain silent. With his head cocked, Azazel knocked on the cool stones and listened. There used to be a passage here. Now he was bricked up. But, was he also buried? Sadly he took a step back. It no longer existed. The road to his former refuge was closed.
Wrestling with desperate despair, he stood stiff as a statue, and only his fists clenched and opened again showed that he hadn't turned to stone. He firmly gripped his sharp fingernails into the delicate flesh of his palms and a sharp pain dampened his inner cyclone, which raged continuously in him. As thick as syrup, the blood seemed to flow over his fingers and drip to the floor. No. No self-pity. It was the deed's death. And action was what it needed now. He had to do something. Even if it was only one thing he really could still do. They couldn't take that from him. Therefore needed you finally him yes or? You didn't want to get your fingers dirty.
With a thin smile on his lips, he slowly turned his head to the now awakened person who was trying to get up, paddling disoriented on his back. Despite his foggy mind, he had to feel the danger that was delaying him. His face contorted in blind fear and he intensified his efforts to get away from Azazel. Gasping breath resounded from the vaulted walls as the man turned on his stomach and tried to crawl away from him. Of course, the human being could not have imagined that he was headed straight for an insurmountable wall in the perfect darkness, but Azazel was too amused by the miserable attempt to escape to tell him this.
"Alessandro ..." he sang softly, but in the crypt-like silence around her his curls sounded louder than cannon thunder on the battlefield.
"Where do you want to go, little man?"
Sobs mingled with the panting of the human. A beautiful melody, isn't it? He knelt silently next to the worm and gently stroked his bald head. A high-pitched screech answered him and the man struck in panic, but Azazel had long since moved out of his reach and was ecstatic to watch his companion's mined game. He bumped his back hard against the wall and his wide-open eyes sent crazy looks through the darkness without ever seeing Azazel. He gently stroked his tear-wet cheek again.
"Don't cry, I'm here, I've always been very close to you.
I am very close to you. Always."
"NO! Go away! Away from me! ”Shouted the man in a girlish high voice
"And I'll never let you go again, little one. Only you and I together against the rest of the world. "
"Leave me alone! Please, I also do everything you want from me! Please, don't kill me! "
“Death has been waiting for you in its sacred halls since the day you were born, young Alessandro. But he is a very patient vassal and will leave you to me for a while before asking what I have promised him. "
"What?! No, please, I ... Ahhhh! "
Azazel's feminine long fingernails left deep scratches as he brushed them across the man's face and the man
The "smell" of blood was wonderfully tingling in the air.
His hand clenched hard around Zorzi's neck and his fingers began to grope for the right point. Ah, there. Almost gently he pressed on the spot and a tremor went through the human body. Then he increased the pressure and there was a soft crack. Done. The human body went limp because Azazel had broken his neck without killing him. The man could only move now. Or feel something below his neck.
"Then let's go," he said with a smile in his voice into the silence broken only by whimpering and took Zorzi’s face in both hands, "Your daughter is expecting you, Alessandro."
His mind ruthlessly bores into man's head. This was too weak and confused to seriously resist. It wouldn't have helped him either. Azazel was stronger. Much stronger than him.
"Hey dad, can you pick me up from Clara tonight? We want to practice together for class work in ... "
Boring.
"Sweetheart? Are you that? Ah leave that, you know as much as I do ... Yes, right there ... Ahhhhh! Oh my God!"
He didn't really want to see that. Sex. Disgusting and just disturbing. Azazel shook with disgust and pushed the nauseating memory as far away as possible.
"Welcome Ms. Akthar! Welcome Mrs. Mazur! "" Good evening, Mr. Zorzi. It's a pleasure to see you again. "
It was more to his taste. He carefully followed this line of memory deeper into the world of Alessandro Zorzi’s spirit.
"I can only repeat myself, Mr. Zorzi, I am extremely sorry about what happened to your daughter in Spain. Believe me, I mourn with you, ”she said with sadness in her voice. Hot anger boiled up in the stilted phrases Anjay used to throw.
"It's all well and good, but the one who is responsible for it has to be punished! I will not rest until this has happened! ”He growled and had to control himself so as not to jump up in anger and shake his old girlfriend until she came to her senses again. Didn't she understand what was going on here ?!
“I can understand that very well, but you have to see it from my point of view. Bioresearch Cooperation has never and will never interfere in political or private events. We are an international company and we can do it for us can't afford to respond to tragic incidents in such a way, even if we want to, ”she replied, rubbing her temple.
He already knew that. But he was on the right track.
With unbelief, he scanned the open documents on his computer over and over again, which his experts had finally deciphered after long nights. They had apparently never seen such encryption before, even military standards would be ridiculous. It was kind of creepy that he had had to pay so little for it. Perhaps his salespeople weren't aware of their explosiveness? Was he just about to open Pandora's box? The mug of coffee had long gone cold in his left hand, but he only noticed it on the side.
 
Millions of dollars, if not billions, simply disappeared. It couldn't be! It wasn't her! The Anjay he had known for so long would never be able to do that. Why should she do something like that? She had no reason for it. It had to be an intrigue. Did someone want to attach something to her? And why didn't anyone notice that the accounts were so coiffed? Nobody could be so blind! Was paid blindness already overwhelming the top floors of Bioresearch Cooperation? He penetrated ever deeper into the thicket of black money accounts and money flows that spanned the entire globe like a spider's web and formed artful knots, making it really difficult for him to keep an overview. And a name came up over and over again. Moira. Who was this woman
Finally. Azazel had found what he had been looking for in vain for so long had been looking for. Now he wanted to know everything, no detail, however small, should remain hidden from him.
His eyes burned with tiredness and a look at his watch on his wrist confirmed that the night had progressed much further than he thought when he was certain to watch the video with the meaningless name for the fiftieth time
Watched "Video_08". But the content it revealed to him was truly not meaningless.
"Experiment number G 8H. Fourth injection. The previous ones were well absorbed by the organism, but no changes in the parameters to be measured were found. Therefore, this time doubling the concentration, ”dictated a female voice from off-screen.
The camera was swiveled and a middle-aged man tied to the couch was visible, who was not enthusiastic about being in this position. The man shook his head again and again with a pitiful whimper, but he could do little as tied as he was. Again the camera repositioned and now also captured the white-tiled room in which the action took place.
Nothing new, even that Azazel knew well enough, even if he would rather not have done it.
A man armed with a face mask and gloves rummaged around next to the tied man and an IV bag were hung up. Now there was fear of death in the pale features of the man on the couch, but only a throaty sound escaped his open mouth. Did they cut out his tongue? The bag was expertly attached to the cannula, as stuck in the victim's crook. Clear liquid dripped gently and slowly drifted over the tube into the man's body.
In the meantime he had given up defending himself and was staring exhausted at the ceiling. A tear ran down her shaved cheek. Everything about him radiated hopelessness and made him shiver in front of the computer. What were they doing to him? What was this Moira project? And most of all - did Anjay know about it? She had to find out and stop these atrocities! It was not for nothing that human experiments were subject to very strict, ethical requirements and they had to be carried out voluntarily by the test subjects. Which was more than obviously not the case here?
God, Zorzi was naive. It was hard to understand for Azazel. And man spoke of blindness when it was himself?
"Injection five is now complete. Object is now being moved to the control room and kept under surveillance for forty-eight hours, ”the woman sounded again, and the video was cut.
Now the man was still tied up on his couch in a bare, white-painted room. Otherwise this was empty. Only the man's heavy breath broke the absolute silence. Clattering footsteps came closer until a young woman finally covered half of the picture, but only from spotted behind. But he looked familiar. With a flashlight, she shone in the prisoner's eyes and turned his head slightly in her gloved hands. He didn't react in any way to his surroundings.
"Initialization stage A," said si e loudly and pulled a chair and a small table with all kinds of surgical utensils against the couch. She swayed gently and pulled out a small scalpel.
She focused on the arm facing the camera and cut into the flesh. A long, flat cut was made, but no blood gushed from the wound. In disbelief, he watched the skin contract immediately and the cut completely disappeared less than a minute later. What the hell?! How was that possible?
Azazel had asked himself that one time or another. Did he really want to know the answer?
“Level A positive this time. Initialization level B ”, the woman continued.
He watched with horror as she removed a large piece of skin from her victim, which also healed without a single scar. As with stage C, a light burn.
But then things went wrong. For the next stage, she inflicted a third degree burn on him, leaving almost nothing but black charred tissue. As soon as she had turned away from the man to take off her instruments, the man reared up with a hissing sound that went through his bones. And then the man screeched. It was hardly human anymore. His arm grew blacker from the wound and crumbled to ashes under the jerky movements of the man in his bonds, which turned the woman's white coat gray and dusted everything as the prisoner turned ever more violently to escape the agony.
But even if he had been able to do it - there would have been no salvation for him. The blackness crept through his veins over his bare torso and drew a network of sublime, dark lines on his white skin. Visibly shocked, the woman stumbled away from her "object" and for a brief moment the camera caught her face. Well known to him by Susann Black. So you. Somehow, Azazel was not surprised. Hardly anything could really shock him.
Then the veins in the poor man's body exploded and he went completely black. With a last, tremendous effort, he reared up and pulled himself free from his bonds. His mouth opened in a silent scream. With an accusatory arm stretched out to the woman, he suddenly stopped in the sitting position he had brought himself to. The silence that followed was more pervasive than any cry. When the thing still hadn't moved after several minutes, the woman seemed to regain her composure and stepped cautiously towards him.
"Hi? Can you hear me?"
Ridiculous. People. As if someone would ever respond to something like that.
She leaned forward very slowly, always prepared for the jerky movements of the black man. But he remained silent and stiff like a statue in his strange pose. She touched him. He crumbled to ashes and only a heap remained of him. Taking a deep breath, Susann Black sat down on her chair and put her hands over her face. Nothing happened for several minutes, only her heavy breath could be heard. He was already tempted to end the video, but then she stirred. With blotchy cheeks, she looked closely at the camera and said almost in a whisper:
"Set trial number G 8H. Object passed away. Chosen concentration at injection number five gave positive results at levels A to C. Level D negative. Remains are brought into the pathology for the final examination. Create and save the log. " She got up wearily and looked thoughtfully at what had once been a human being.
"Ms. Black? Trial G 24F is ready. If they would come please? ”Came a voice, but the speaker was invisible to the camera. She nodded and disappeared from the picture.
Azazel delved deeper into Zorzi’s mind without caring what he did to destroy it. So they were almost there. But it had been a while. How far were you now? What was it that they gave them to immortalize the poor creatures that served as guinea pigs? An icy shudder crept across his back. No matter what it was - it and any information that led to it had to be destroyed. People were not allowed to become immortal. Not her.
He had to know everything. Especially where the video was made. He had to go there. The final battle would take place there, he sensed that very clearly.
But before that, he had to get Zorzi, or what was left of his mind, to answer a question that had been burning for a long time. He silently brought his lips to the human ear and whispered in a harsh voice:
"Well, Alessandro Zorzi, I still have one question, then you can go."
A weak, approving echo answered from the man's head. Good. Azazel lowered his voice even more to ask excitedly:
" What is a Jedi Knight? "
Roof of the Hofkirche, Dresden, Germany, June 2nd, 3:00 am He could almost taste the blood in his mouth when
he let his gaze wander over the sleeping city. He leaned wearily against one of the many sandstone statues that adorned the roof of the old Catholic church. Although he had won an important victory in his war against her, he was still not feel like partying. Once again he was shown what people were capable of in their delusional struggle against death. No matter how he turned it around, he didn't have a spark of understanding for their pursuit. Why were they so afraid of death? He was part of life. Without him there would be no new future and the wheel of time would stand still forever. The old had to pass to make room for the new. That was the enduring dogma that this world, this universe worked for. And now people dared to shake it and change the order of things. Only the nonexistent gods knew what they would do with it. Weren't you aware of the consequences of this overthrow or simply didn't care?
Azazel suddenly felt a deep melancholy. Earlier,
Even before he broke up with humans, he had regarded them as his children, whom he took to the hand in order to discover with them all the secrets that lay dormant on this little planet. And what they had seen. He smiled dreamily as he thought of this time, thousands of years ago, when he thought he had found his destiny. But the more they learned, the more they became, the more independent they became and he lost control of his colorful crowd.
Dark thoughts of individuals were carried deep into the heads of his children and these seeds of evil slowly germinated under the shiny, bright surface until even he noticed the blind spots that were growing steadily and inexorably. He had been blind. Or hadn't he just wanted to see it? His children had grown up and chose their own path, whether he liked it or not. It was too late to change. So he had no choice but to accept them as they were and to withdraw into the background, where he silently watched over them and watched silently. Wasn't that the role of the parents? To wait and to watch?
Azazel sighed and turned his eyes to the black sky, because he was unable to see stars. He remembered all too well how black it had been that night when people had shown his true face. It had always been there, only the halo he had put on them had hidden it. He had been blinded as they were now.
But there was no point in lingering in old memories. In the meantime he had made peace with himself. It wasn't his fault that people had turned out the way they seemed. Your ability to learn was just too limited. How should they learn from past mistakes when they have seemed like an eternity for a hundred years? They forgot too quickly because they lived too short. And in spite of all his resentment, which he had against people in general and for some chosen ones in particular, he allowed them to wear blindness to the horror that surrounded them every day. After all, after all, they were his children, weren't they?
With a deep breath, he made sure no one was around and spread his huge wings. With a groan, he pushed himself away and strong wing flaps carried him up to his lover, who greeted him with tender fingers in his hair. He sucked in her unmistakable smell of freedom and the heavy weight that weighed on his shoulders became a little less. With a smile on his lips, he immersed himself in the relieving cold of the embrace of the wind. He was whole again.

Chapter 16
Croaghaun, Acaill Island, Ireland, June 30, 10:19 p.m.
The air, impregnated with moisture, lay like a veil on Azazel's skin as a strong gust whirled up the foaming spray at his feet. He was very close to the edge of the steep cliff that was so typical of this part of Ireland. Most of his hair had come loose from his carelessly tied braid and swirled around his head like the snakes of Medusa. They tickled his cheeks and once again a deep melancholy overwhelmed him with what lay ahead.
Actually there wasn't much here, only endless meadows and bogs, no patch of forest offered protection from prying eyes. The stone coast loomed out of the sea, rough and shaped by wind and weather. The constant rumble and roar of the struggle between sea and land could be heard at all times of the day and night. Here was the wasteland par excellence. Yet Azazel could not help but admire the rugged, ancient beauty of the barren island and remember that he had stood here just so long ago and felt life around him. Except that he had been free from all the worries that were bothering him now and not letting him rest for a moment. But all the whining was of no use, what had to be done had to be done. Soon, he thought, and turned to the approaching car, which broke the silence around him and sounded almost heretical in this sacred place.
The car stopped and the doors opened with a high squeak. The horse beside him pranced nervously that he had borrowed ... illegally. Soothing Azazel put his hand on his neck and gently stroked the silky soft fur of the animal. He could still clearly feel his fear. He sighed silently and looked patiently at the four people heading for him. He had an ambivalent relationship with horses.
On the one hand, he admired their natural elegance and, above all before industrialization, had to rely on them as a means of transport. Sure, he could always have flown - only that it would have become noticeable at some point if he had covered routes at a time that would never have been possible for a rider, right? But the animals sensed what he really was. The smell of predator was just not washable by him. Azazel secretly suspected that they could just feel what was lurking there and tearing loose from the chain at any moment. These instincts were deeply rooted, and unlike humans, they hadn't forgotten to listen to them.
"Good evening Azazel." If you talked about the devil. A little annoyed, he forced himself to go back to the present.
"Good evening gentlemen, My lady," he greeted back with icy courtesy and closed his feelings under a thick layer of indifference. In addition to Sari kakis, the fair-haired woman, whom he had already met in Rome, had also come. Behind the two stood Kristóf and an Azazel unknown, younger man, and yet he seemed fairly familiar to him. Especially the eyes. He knew those eyes. But from where ...?
"You asked for a meeting?", He got straight to the point, without wasting time with useless banter. But the place was well chosen. The wind was howling too loud for anyone to eavesdrop on and in the flat wasteland she would see anyone coming who was trying to approach. And thanks to the professor, he was now sure that she wasn't listening. One worry less.
He had absolutely no desire for this meeting. But if he ever wanted to be free again, he had to endure this disgrace. The name Sari kakis raised an eyebrow, almost amused, and the corners of his mouth twitched as he seemed to suppress a smile. Yes, yes, very funny. Could it go on now?
"Relax, Azazel. You still make your horse very nervous, ”the man replied and Azazel's eyes seemed to want to stab him. This fool still had to live. Unfortunately. His hand tightened on the rough leather of the reins.
"Did they get what I sent them?" Azazel asked, simply ignoring the man's chatter.
"Yes I have. That's why I asked them here today. ”The man smiled slightly and stepped aside to reveal the stranger.
“This is a good friend of mine, Mr. Nowak. They already got to know his brother. ”Azazel nodded slightly. Now he saw the resemblance too. But what was this supposed to be? What did he take the risk that she noticed his absence?
“They had written to us that they had found clear evidence to show that Ms. Akthar or someone in her subordinate position was unfair at Forsc hung applies. You spoke of unauthorized attempts at people, if I remember correctly? ”Azazel nodded again and the mare next to him threw his head up uneasily. He was not the only one who seemed to sense the danger that was approaching.
"Shhhhh ..." he murmured, patting the horse's neck soothingly, and continued to listen carefully to Sari kaki’s statements.
"But so far we have nothing against her, just her testimony, but it won't help us much. We need something tangible, something- "
"Something from Mr. Zorzi's office," Azazel finished the sentence tonelessly. The man shook his head, smiling:
"Oh, Azazel, sometimes I think we understand each other blindly. Our cooperation will still bear fruit, right? "
Azazel gritted his teeth in anger and tried not to show the anger at the humiliation. As if he were a trained monkey.
"It almost seems that way," he replied succinctly, and the wind picked up. He played playfully through the hair of those present and left it messy. At least he wasn't the only one with a crow's nest on his head now, Azazel thought, almost amused for a moment.
"To put it briefly: They want me to get into Zorzi's office or wherever he has stored the evidence, and steal it for them like a common thief?" He asked in a calm voice and looked at the people in turn with raised eyebrow.
"Yes, that's exactly what we want," came the voice of the new guy for the first time, drawing everyone's attention. Under the combined force of four pairs of eyes, he seemed to wince a little, but the eyes returned openly.
"Good," Azazel said, and was about to get back on his mount when the man cut him off:
"But they don't have to steal anything. At least not directly. ”Azazel frowned in confusion.
"How can you steal something indirectly, Mr. Nowak?"
"If we steal it, it's gone," the man replied, and Azazel was really trying to decorate his face with thousands of cuts of his knife. Then he would look even more like his brother. How stupid did people think he was?
"But if it is no longer in place, somebody would notice it at some point, don't you think? It is far safer and more effective if we make a copy of this data and then let it go with us. Do you understand?"
Yes, he understood. It was even a very good idea, which he would never have come up with due to his gaping knowledge gaps (or rather, his lack of knowledge) in the field of technology. So was it now possible to make copies of written works immediately and even faster than with a printing press? He couldn't carry such a huge monster around with him all the time ?! Azazel nodded again silently to show his approval. He was missing just the words. He struggled hard to sigh. Not now.
"So what do you suggest?" He asked, pulling the reins tightly because the mare started to dance uneasily on the spot. She understood and hung her head in attitude.
They didn't really differ that much, it shot through his head and he immediately got angry about his own disobedient thoughts. Now he had reminded himself of his uncomfortable position in which he was now or not. Stupid Azazel, he scolded himself.
“They give me and my team access to the Bioresearch Cooperation offices in central headquarters. We suspect that Mr. Zorzi, since it was difficult for him to save it on his work computer, transferred it to an external hard drive or USB stick and hid it there where no one would suspect. ”The man looked at Azazel with a sly smile : "Namely right in front of Akhtar’s nose."
Resigned to fate, as his horse had been before, he nodded as well. He hadn't understood half of the words anyway. But what other choice did he have? Right, none.
“We will contact you via Ms. Heikkinen to discuss everything in detail. Please only initiate them as far as is really necessary. They know as well as we all what is at stake. ”Again only approval from Azazel. Only the dog's neck was missing. When was this nightmare finally over?
Greetlessly he swung himself into the saddle with the elegance of centuries of practice and spurred the horse. With a neigh, it shot forward and left the people pounding out of the way behind. Tired, he closed his heart to his raging thoughts and concentrated entirely on the feeling of the tensing and stretching muscles of the animal beneath him. They worked in mesmerizing uniformity ability and his inner self came to rest more and more. Inhale, exhale, inhale, jump, exhale. With a dull impact his mount over a crumbling fence and Azazel steered it lightly in the direction he wanted it to be. The earth crunched under the hooves as they flew through the night. Just go.
Headquarters Bioresearch Cooperation Bangalore, India, 17th July, midnight
It was a ghost hour and like a pale ghost, Azazel crept silently through the hallways of the building. He carefully sensed the surroundings with his very special sense, because he had no desire to meet anyone, especially not her. She had dealt with him remarkably often lately and had engaged him in small conversations that seemed to him more and more like interrogations and awakened dark fears in him. Did anyone speak? Did she notice anything? Azazel was happy to do without what would then await him. The prospect of punishment still sent a shudder of terror through his soul and froze him in fear, though he kept repeating mantra-like that it was just his body. He was free in his head. Nobody could harm him there (except himself) and it was his last remaining retreat where he could be who he really was.
"Hello, creature," came an almost nauseating one
Voice to his sensitive ears.
Just why? Why did he have to hit him of all the people he wanted to tear out his intestines slowly and painfully?
He wanted to go on silently, but Sanchez got in his way, forcing Azazel to pay his attention. What a wasted lifetime. For both.
"Yes, human? Can I help you somehow? ”Asked Azazel with a friendly smile, although he was inside with pictures comforted the cruelly disfigured body of man. So beautiful…
"Susann sends me. You should come to her. She is waiting for you in the large conference room ”, the nagging of the little man tore him from his daydreams.
"Truly that I can still experience this day," Azazel grinned maliciously and turned to go.
"Wait, wait! What do you mean by that? ”Sanchez sounded behind him as expected and Azazel smiled broadly, but did not stop walking.
"Well, I see how the greatest and most brilliant scientist of today can be lowered to runner and finally see where his place is. Good afternoon, Mr. Sanchez. "
He could literally hear the man gasp for indignation, but enjoyed his little victory, even if he knew how childish his behavior was. But if he enjoyed it, why not?
"Ey, wait ...!" There was a growl behind him, but without paying attention to the worm, Azazel disappeared around the corner, out of the sight of the man. Only his furious snort could be heard, but he had other worries that came to mind.
Staring grimly in front of him, his feet carried him through the tangle of corridors. He had no idea where they were going, but once he picked up a victim's weather, it wasn't so easy to lose them. The fact that he had no sense of smell in the traditional sense did not bother him - because once he touched a person's mind, the smell, the taste stuck in his memory. No, it was actually more than that.
He incarnated a tiny piece of the human soul and merged it with his. Well, now that he thought about it, he hadn't become more and more human and less and less Azazel over the millennia, a motley smorgasbord from human parts, and a kind of patched up monster Frankenstein? Somehow the thought frightened him and chilled him down the spine. Fortunately for him, reality caught his attention again.
"Good evening, Azazel."
Oh, how he hated that voice, from the depths of his soul, with all his strength, almost as much as he loathed hers. She had to fall silent, even if he knew he would never be able to wipe her sound from his ear again.
"Good evening, Ms. Black. You asked me here? ”, Azazel replied with an expressionless face and clasped his hands behind his back, so as not to accidentally put her around the slim neck of the woman and squeeze until she choked and gurgled in his arms. No, this death would be too good for her. You should suffer. And thoroughly.
"Yes indeed. In the meantime, my research has developed quite well. But now I have reached a point where I need your help. Sit down, it could take a little longer. "
With a friendly smile, she motioned for him to sit in the chair opposite her hmm. Around her ring finger he discovered the ring with which she could braise it if she felt like it. A quick press of her thumb on the smooth surface and already burning electricity shot out of his bracelet and charred his entire hand. He understandably didn't feel like that tonight. So he followed their instructions without contradiction and stared at her with an impenetrable look. Anything else would only have raised suspicions. What did she want from him again? The secret of his unwanted immortality had almost been solved. So what drove her to him?
Azazel watched silently as she pulled a tiny square tin box out of the shallows of her elegant handbag and placed it on the glass table between them. What was that? She briefly pressed her nail into the narrow side and the thing emitted a fine vibration. A coin? The very next moment that thought struck him as unspeakably foolish. It had to be something else. Only what?
"This device records our conversation in case I want to recall it later."
When he struck, he couldn't help flinching, and for a brief moment an angry look broke through the mask of numbness that he had carefully spread over himself. She knew him only too well. And he knew next to nothing about her except her name. It was just unfair. But since when did the world care whether there was justice? With a throat clearing, she opened the leather-bound book that lay in front of her and pulled out a small pen.
"So can we start?" She asked in a soft voice, but a cold lurked in her eyes that made him admire. Then someone knew how to hide his feelings. But to hide that she was hiding something, her acting talent was not enough. He just nodded silently and cocked his head tautly. It was so far.
"Please tell me how you became immortal. And please no lies or half-truths. "What? Without understanding, Azazel could only stare at the human woman in front of him and made no sound. The silence stretched to infinity.
"Azazel? If you would answer the question, please? “, The human woman asked and now visibly jerked around in her armchair to find a more comfortable position.
Raising laughter was definitely the last thing she expected from Azazel's answer. But he could barely get hold of it, let alone take enough breath to give her a reply. It was just too weird. This whole situation, the woman and the people in general. Even the roaring pain that ran through his arm to his fingertips and the feeling of charred flesh falling away could not stop him from crying with laughter. Well, there was some pain too. 
"Get back in there! What's so damn funny ?! ”Susann Black growled with anger in her voice and suddenly forgot all the courtesies. Yes, that's exactly how it feels, Ms. Black. Ever forget what humiliation is, human woman?
Still giggling, Azazel slowly got his body under control, but still couldn't stop grinning. But something in his eyes made the woman flinch. He knew exactly what she had seen because he felt it glow as well. Madness. Was it too late Did he finally break under her hand?
"They. How they sit here and make demands. So ridiculous, ”he choked out before another giggle interrupted him. It was just for shooting.
"What do you mean, Azazel?" The woman asked again a little more calmly. She even sifted him again. Good girl. Good girl. Make room!
"So human." Taking a deep breath, he put his hands in front of his face and his body was silently shaken by the suppressed laughter.
"So human. So you find people laughing so hard? ”He heard Susann Black's voice coming to his ear. Something in it suddenly made him stop laughing. Or rather what was missing. Any feelings.
"Yes," Azazel replied after a brief clearing of the throat and looked back at the human. This raised an eyebrow questioningly.
"But are you already aware that you are not in a position to act so arrogantly towards us? We could use completely different tones and not treat them so civilized. ”He smiled brightly at her and nodded.
"Yes, I know." He concentrated on crumbling off the charred layers of skin. His fingers needed to do something or someone would find a cruel death here in this room. And it was more than clear who that would be.
"Then why are you feigning this arrogance, this complacency?" She didn't give Azazel time to answer, but continued straight away:
"Apparently you've never felt how you feel now, have you? They know what it is as well as I do, and yet they are too proud or too blind to admit it. They cling to the past and cling to it as if they were drowning. ”Now she had his full attention.
"And that would be?" He asked in a scornful tone.
"Impotence."
Met. He felt the thick walls of arrogance and contempt begin to crumble. No, he couldn't have something like that! Not by people. Especially not from her.
"You have no idea, human woman! You don't know anything! “, He hissed angrily at the woman and unconsciously bared his teeth. He wanted to kill her so much. Then why didn't he do it? He wanted nothing more than to bite into her tender flesh and tear it up with his bare hands, crush it and crush it, and yet he could move a finger's width. What was holding him back?
"Then there are already two of us," she replied coolly and crossed her arms over her chest.
"You dare to call me ignorant zzz ?!" Azazel hissed distorted, only laboriously shaping human language and yet his voice had more effect than Roar would have ever done.
His anger knew no bounds, and his eyes sparkled with labored anger. Any normal person, any animal with a reasonable mind would have fled the aura of hatred that surrounded him like putrid pestodema at the latest, but the woman remained calm and dared to take her eyes off him for something in her book to write down. He literally lacked the words and had no other choice left as she stabbed her with a look and waited for her to comfortably look at him again.
“Our two sets of knowledge are very limited in their own way, Azazel. Only I have a decisive advantage over them: I no longer live in the past, but with her in the present. "
Met again. Suddenly every fighting spirit left his limbs and he felt himself collapse. Every shot is a hit, as the saying goes. He felt her eyes on him, but he lacked the strength to meet them and under no circumstances did he want to give her the satisfaction of seeing him break under the weight of knowledge.
She had won the psycho product. Even in that, people were better than him now. What was left of him, if you subtracted everything that people could do better than him? There was only ER left. So Azazel ultimately degenerated back to the beast, while the sun of human culture was inexorably heading towards its zenith. The only consolation he had was that no one could say with certainty whether humanity had already passed its peak. The two fell silent. A minute passed. Then another. With a sigh, Azazel leaned forward and put his forearms on his knees while his hands played with each other.
"Will you give me an answer to my question today, or do we have to return to outdated methods?" Asked Susann Black neutrally.
"What question, Ms. Black? What I found so funny? Or why am I immortal? Well, I was glad that they subjected themselves to humiliation and quoted me to then ask me this admittedly rather ridiculous question. It is deeply satisfying to know that they are stuck with their research. It's pretty much the only good news I've received since I started my stay at Bioresearch Cooperation, so it was hard for me to stick to it. Forgive me, I should have controlled myself. "
"Why do you think my work is at a dead end? Who says I am not interested in their alternative path to immortality and have successfully completed my research? ”
“Quite simply, Ms. Black: you have to be very desperate when you come to me and ask me this question without further ado. Because, as you know from our previous conversations, I unfortunately have no memory, neither of how I survived this mess in my old home, nor how did I get to this planet. I was crazy. And being crazy isn't very good for memory, you understand? ”
The woman's face froze and her eyes narrowed.
"And who tells me that they are not lying? How am I supposed to know if you're telling the truth? "
"They can't. Neither do I know if they always tell me the truth. I would mean a stalemate. "
"It seems so," said the woman grumbling, "but to ire Something you have to remember! I beg you, I beg you, I even fall on my knees in front of you if you want to, just tell me at last. Please! ”And she actually did and before he could react in any way she knelt in front of him with writhing hands and looked up at him hopefully.
Azazel looked at the woman in astonishment. What was wrong with her now? First she folded it up according to all the rules of art and then she begged him to tell her his secret, please? Azazel may have been a shadow of the past, held together by hope for freedom and hatred of his tormentors, but he was not stupid. And if he had learned one thing in the course of the centuries among the people, then to use every weakness of his opponent.
"Why should I help you, human woman? Why? “, He asked her simply and leaned back his arms over his chest.
"I ... I ..." She looked around nervously. So she couldn't speak freely. This room was probably supervised by her like everyone else.
"Go back to the place where it all started, Azazel. Then you will understand. You're welcome."
He looked at her thoughtfully. What did she mean where it all started? It was probably just another deception to get one of his oh so great secrets out of him. People, he sighed wearily in his head. His inner exhaustion increased and he just wanted to be alone. First he had to process everything the human woman had thrown at him today. Too much had been true. Was he really as blind as she said?
"Do you really want to know what is the mystery of the curse of my inability to die?"
She nodded violently. Who was in charge now? He leaned gently down to her until her long hair tickled his cheek and he stroked it from her face with an almost loving movement. The woman shuddered involuntarily at the touch of his hand on her tender, young skin. He gently gripped her chin and stroked the trembling cheek. Did she have to be aware that if she let him get so close she would play with fire? After all, in her eyes he was little more than an animal. One more badly tamed than that. She had to be really desperate. Fascinated, he looked at her beautiful, heart-shaped face and said softly:
"The secret is that they just can't die. Then they live forever. "
The woman stared at him with wide eyes and didn't seem to understand that he was fooling her. Or didn't she want to understand? It felt so sweet to hold the power back in my hands even for a brief moment.
"Greet experiment G 24F from me. Or did he feel the same way as G 8H? “, He whispered in her ear and disappeared silently like a shadow from the room. Only a small sheet of paper rustling to the floor revealed that he had been there.
The human woman trembled and her face twisted into a grimace of terror, and in her eyes bitter knowledge and fear of death fought for supremacy.
"Too late," she whispered softly and was well aware that her first and oldest object could no longer be heard. A tear oozed from her left eye and slowly began her unstoppable path down her bloodless cheek.
"Too late, Azazel. Too late."
Promenade on Back Bay, Mumbai, India, July 20, 10:22 a.m.
"Are you Mayuri?" Azazel asked the young woman in front of him, whom Sari kaki had asked him to meet about the professor. Command hit it better and just the thought of how much this son of a bitch had in hand made his mood drop well below freezing.
He had sent a message to Azazel that he would send him an informant to do everything possible. Only that this should be during the day, nobody had told him about it and so he had to find an inconspicuous solution to the problem, because he did not want to reveal his weakness to the sunlight to Sari kakis. If he didn't already know it anyway and had therefore rescheduled the meeting to torment him. People were all sadists, he thought grumpily. He felt the sun piercing through the thick layer of haze and cloud, which luckily lay over the city. He had been looking for long things, but he could not show up here completely veiled. It would have just raised too many questions that he couldn't answer.
Azazel had a bad feeling about the matter, but couldn't really put it into words. The professor had noticed his lack of enthusiasm, but her claims that so that everything would be over soon and they would finally be there, couldn't have made him more optimistic. He felt a hidden trip wire lurking on her and he was the one who would get the full force if something went wrong, he had no illusions whatsoever. Cohesion has never been very important in the human world. Admittedly, he wouldn't voluntarily stick his head out for someone he saw only as a means to an end.
"So you are the in-house contact?" She asked back in a cheeky voice and Azazel nodded. Answering a question with a counter question was rude, but he made an exception for her. There were also too many people here.
"Accompany me a bit, it is easier to talk while walking," the human woman said and started walking without waiting for an answer from Azazel. It was the second time that she had been rude. And not even within a minute.
With a suppressed sigh, he followed her and clasped his hands behind his back, so as not to pluck his clothes uncontrollably. Unobtrusiveness was the top priority. He had not been in the light and among people for too long. The night had been his territory for countless years.
“You already know roughly what it's about. Only a few details have changed again, ”the woman began to speak, drawing Azazel's attention again.
She was neither particularly ugly nor really good looking. As such, it seemed to be of Indian descent. Her nose too wide for her elongated face, her eyes too wide apart to be beautiful, and her slight overbite did nothing to round off the complete picture. She was not very tall, but neither was she conspicuously small, and a small bacon ring crowned her hips. But Azazel could already imagine why she had been chosen to speak to him. It was the symbol of mediocrity. No one would be able to remember them, even if they remembered them several times would have passed He, on the other hand ... Very smart, human, really smart ...
"Are you listening to me?"
"Certainly." Damn it, he had let himself be carried away again into his dream world. He had to finally pull himself together now, or the catastrophe would sooner than expected.
"On this stick," she gave him a small metal thing that Azazel made disappear into his pocket after a short period of study, "They'll load the data that matters."
"Wait a minute," Azazel interrupted, frowning in confusion, "I thought there was already ... um," he panicked for the word. It was on his tongue. Damn people should be! I see. "A hard drive or something like that? Why this second now? "
“Our research has shown that there is likely to be more incriminating evidence. That's why the second stick. "
"Ah, okay," Azazel replied still confused, but continued to listen to the human woman. He felt the sun relentlessly on his head and hoped that this conversation would be over soon. He would not be able to last long without burning.
“Tomorrow evening there will be a gala that Ms. Akthar will go to. Much of their security staff will also be there as Bioresearch Cooperation hosts the event. So you have free rein. "
"Are you sure that no one will be present to guard anymore?" Azazel asked incredulously. Why didn't he know about it again? And a much bigger problem awaited him: what if he had to go with her as usual? He couldn't be in two places at the same time.
"I never said that nobody would be there anymore. The cast will be reduced. But we have no other chance for the time being, ”she replied coolly and watched strolled by tourists who stopped in front of the sky-high buildings on their left and put their heads back in a jam.
The unequal duo stopped and looked at the huge constructions made of metal and glass, not unlike the biblical towers of Babylon that grew out of the ground in front of them. How did people manage that they didn't collapse like a house of cards? There was a strong wind up there, as Azazel could tell from experience.
"This," she handed him a strangely round container in which he felt liquid surge, "It's also for her."
"What's that?" He asked curiously. It was becoming more and more mysterious here.
“A newly developed generation of the camera. It resembles a contact lens that you put in your eye and stream what you see live. A microphone is also built in so we can hear what you hear. ”She looked at him almost proudly while Azazel tried to put his face in order and at the same time z u think about how he could react appropriately.
“I developed it especially for this purpose. The camera has fifty megapixels and can record Full HD videos in DTS 5.1, as well as a maximum of fifteen frames per second. Especially dark or light corners in your field of vision can be resolved even better with HDR. Unfortunately I could only install a 61-point wide-range autofocus in the software, it is no longer the newest, I know, but other things did not want to be synchronized, you know how it is. The will is there, but the technology is weak. "
She looked at Azazel with eyes beaming with enthusiasm, but didn't even hold his blood-red gaze for a few seconds, although, unlike otherwise, he didn't look hateful or cold, but just looked confused. What was she talking about?
"That's ... yeah great," he said very spiritually, and would have liked to slapped himself because of his inability to understand technology and all this bells and whistles. As soon as he thought he had grasped something, someone came along loosely and flakily and let everything sink back into ashes. It was crazy!
"Excuse me, I'm just so excited that I succeeded and someone finally appreciates my development. And then it is also used for something so exciting! Industrial espionage has always fascinated me. So many wonderful possibilities… “, the voice gushed out of the human woman with delight at least two octaves upwards and Azazel could not suppress a smile at her enthusiasm.
Industrial espionage? So they had only initiated her as far as the woman needed to know for this job. Did they do the same with him? An unpleasant thought and probably true. But they would receive the punishment for their arrogance soon enough. If everything went smoothly, the stubborn voice in the back of his head could not stop whispering maliciously and his good mood melted away like ice in the sun. Speaking of the sun, there was something else.
"I don't want to interrupt you, Mayuri," he said, feeling his skin start to redden slightly. Fast.
"But soon I will be missed again and start asking questions about where I have been."
"I understand," replied the woman, nodding understandingly,
"That was all. You put on the contact lens that evening and activate it with the word 'Marzena'. ”That filthy bastard! It couldn't be a coincidence. Another humiliation and Azazel would no longer be 100 percent sure that he really needed Sari kakis alive. His head would also add that certain something to a spit ...
"Please speak it out loud and clear, but not too quickly. After activation, you will feel a short vibration, which is completely harmless to your eye. Then you can start. You first stick the stick to the main server in room 332.5 and leave it there all the time - at least half an hour - then you start looking for the other storage medium in the Main office space. When finished, please destroy the contact lens, even if it is a shame about it, but well, that's how it works. ”She looked really kinked at the idea of ​​seeing one of her self-made things disposed of so quickly.
"Well, anyway. Have a nice day, ”the woman said hurriedly, waddling away and, seconds later, merged with the mass of people who were washed out of a department store entrance. Finally.
Quickly, but not too hastily so as not to attract anyone's attention, he went back the way they had come and, with an audible sigh, slipped into the wonderful shadow of the narrow alley. It had also been the highest railway, because on his cheek, which had been facing the sunny side, he could feel the first bubbles. He couldn't walk around town like that.
"Azazel? What are you doing here? ”Came a terribly familiar voice behind him and his heart skipped for a few seconds. His eyes widened and his head was swept clean. No, please not, no ... But fate knew no mercy. His face froze, and he looked into her questioning eyes.
"Greetings, my lady," he replied, and a slight tremor ran through his body. That was really bad. Not now. Behind her, several suit-wearing men were waiting in the entrance of an imposing building. Was that her bodyguard when he wasn't with her? Or were they business partners?
"I thought you were just resting from your last job? Why are you not at home? “, She wanted to know further and fear shot through his limbs. Why the sound of her voice alone made him completely defenseless s? What had she done to him?
"I couldn't sleep," he was still able to say before his vocal cords stopped working. "Then what are you doing here? And still during the day. I thought you wouldn't tolerate sunlight very much? ”Quickly, think of something credible or everything is ruined!
“I haven't walked in the light for a long time. The darkness was my only life, I forgot how the other half felt. But somehow I have had the need to see the world like people during the day, even if only for a few hours. I am sorry if I have worried you, Ms. Mother, if you want I will return home. "
She looked at him thoughtfully and slowly he was certain that she was not buying his excuse. She gently touched the blisters on his cheek and he had to use all his willpower not to flinch from her hand.
"You want to get closer to the human world again?" Asked they.
He nodded silently as if pulled by puppet threads and his stomach was only a single rock-like knot in his abdominal cavity. Please, believe me, was all he was able to think about.
"Actually, I wanted to save you because you've had so much on your ears lately, but I can't refuse your request. If that's what you want, I'll take you with me. ”She let go of his chin and took a step back. Azazel was confused.
"Where to take you, Mrs. Mother?" Smiling, she looked up at him.
"To the gala I give tomorrow night. You will be mine be male escort just as you wanted it to be. Pick me up at eight. Until then, Azazel. Or should I rather say Alexander, the protector? "
He could only stare at her when she was taken in the middle by the suit wearers and disappeared into the house. Had he just dug his own grave? And had she just given him a new, old name?
Bioresearch Cooperation Headquarters, Mumbai, India, July 21, 7:53 p.m.
"What is that?" He asked quietly, trying to calmly panicked the professor when she pressed an almost tiny syringe into his hand and closed his fingers around her.
"That does not matter now. Later. We have no more time! “, Answered this violently, so that Azazel started back.
He had never seen her like this. What was going on? He knew he was in a fix, but hadn't been able to find a solution that was inconspicuous enough for him and without people having to die. He had absolutely no desire to kill more innocents on her behalf. Now it was the turn of those who deserved his actions.
"But I have to ..."
"Yes, I know you have to go to Anjay. But at the same time, you have to complete the other mission. The syringe. Give it to her! She trusts you, she will never suspect. Then you have one, maybe with a little luck two hours. I interrupt the video surveillance. "
"But what ...?", He started again, but was again roughly interrupted by the human woman, whose eyes began to sparkle manically:
"For God's sake, just do it! Is that so difficult ?! ”Confused and somewhat intimidated, Azazel nodded and the professor whirled around and hurried down the aisle until she disappeared around the corner and her pounding heart left its perceptible area. A shiver ran down his back. This view. He knew that look. So scared. But not for yourself. No, for someone else. Maybe to him? Don't be ridiculous, he thought in the same breath, trying to ignore the oppressive feeling that crept up his chest. Nobody would ever  worry about him and it was a good thing. After all, he never worried about anyone. Or?
Mechanically, he put one foot in front of the other as he slowly approached his destination. His hand trembled as he clenched her fist around the syringe. He had to do it. There was no other way. He had to face his fears or he would remain her prisoner forever. He had to free himself from her network, which had already drawn around him so tightly that he could hardly move. Today was the night. Today he would get his self-back and shake off her claws that had dug deep into his mind. Wasn't that what he always wanted? But why did he dislike the thought of inflicting their suffering? How had she managed to twist him so that an Azazel wanted to protect her and someone hated her? How much was he actually your creature?
His face twisted into a grimace of tornness for a split second, but he couldn't afford more time for this existential crisis because he was there. Your space. He breathed in and out deeply m to calm his flapping nerves. He stroked the brand-new tux one last time to iron out any wrinkles that might be present. Only further could not be delayed, he gritted his teeth and with an intense breath he raised his arm and knocked gently on the wood of the door. Now it was too late to turn back. Now everything was in his hands. He hastily let the syringe disappear into his pocket.
His bracelet vibrated as a sign of the professor that she had kept to her agreement and that he could now move unobserved. He only noticed it marginally. Clacking steps slowly approached the door nerve-wracking. It swung open and he was speechless.
"Hello Azazel, how do I look?" She asked with a sly grin on his face, but he felt unable to answer.
Her eyes were darkly framed and shone like fountains in the moonlight. She had let her hair grow, it was now over her shoulders. She wore the foremost strands braided back and large earrings dangled from her neck, perfectly matched to the chain and the bracelet as well as the tight-fitting dress, which brought out her well-trained but still curvy figure very well. She was a very beautiful woman, even if there was no longer any girlish youth attached to her. She looked almost like God's darling, hard to beat in beauty and grace. Wasn't there someone else with the same name? Yes. Lucifer, fallen angel and prince of hell. But who said that it had to be a man?
"Azazel? What have you got? ”The question came back quickly
back to reality and almost painfully remembered what to do. Wrong, wanted to do.
"It's just ... you are so beautiful, Ms. Mother."
"Oh please, stop calling me that. It sounds a bit strange now. We're so much more, wasn't Azazel? ”
"Whatever you wish, my lady."
"My lady - yes, that sounds a lot better."
She smiled brightly at him and looked into his inhuman eyes without fear. There was something in it. Just a shadow, but Azazel saw it. And knew how he could take advantage of it, but also to their advantage.
"What do you have, my lady? What's on your mind? ”, He asked her gently and stroked a strand of hair from her forehead that had cheekily stolen from her hairstyle. Something in her face changed and his gut told Azazel that he was on the right track.
"It's nothing more," she evaded, but struck unusually, the eyes dropped and suddenly appeared very fragile. He almost felt sorry for her if he hadn't remembered what she had done to him. Something was gnawing at her, tremendously. It left her hard shell melt away like snow in the sun and only the soft core remains. Defenseless and ready to be crushed.
"You can tell me everything that also depresses. I would never judge or betray you. You are now the center of my world, ”Azazel said softly and only centuries of acting trained saved him from revealing his true feelings. Treason was what he most longed for. And he was angry with her because she really formed the center of his actions and thoughts, filled his days and nights and never let him rest.
"No, I ... I ...", she started, but her voice broke and she fell silent.
Delicate like the flap of a butterfly wing, he put his hand under her chin and traced the contours of her soft lips with his thumb. He didn't care what she was worried about. Only that this opened up a possibility for him that counted alone. In that she had been a good teacher to him. With gentle pressure he forced her head up and her eyes met his again. Now it was all about instinct.
"What's happening?"
And then all the dams broke with her. Sobbing, she threw herself around Azazel's neck and hugged his chest tightly as her body shook under sobs. What the hell…? With all his might he suppressed the urge to push her away from him and so avoid her touch. It should be. He gently pressed her to him and gently stroked her silky hair as if he wanted to comfort her. She had completely given himself up to him and seemed to really trust him completely. As the professor had said. Now or never.
Slowly, so that she didn't notice anything, he closed his hand Bag wander and fished out the syringe. He firmly clamped it between his fingers so that the palm of his hand was free. Now for the diversion. He was sure to take her face between his hands and stroked the door with his thumbs an away theirs
Cheeks ran down.
"Azazel, I, and you-" she whispered and confusion rose in hers
Open eyes.
"I know. Everything will be fine, I promise you, ”he replied, hoping that it made sense in her head. This was not visible to him.
He pressed his lips firmly to hers and at the same time stabbed the back of the neck with the needle. He skillfully snaked his tongue into her mouth and enmeshed her deeply into the intense kiss so that she didn't notice that he was giving her the contents of the syringe. Confused as she was, she let it happen and after a brief moment gave herself entirely to the kiss Azazel forced on her. It was a proven method that had helped him many times when he got close enough to his victim.
Gasping for breath, he released her and hugged her again.
"Shhhh, everything will be fine. I'm here, ”he whispered soothingly to her and he felt her nodding sobbing. You believed him? Good.
Her breath gradually calmed down and her weight increased significantly in his arms. Whatever he had given her worked. He gently moved her head so that he looked at each other. Her lids were closed and her eyes rolled back and forth under them in a dream. Well finally. He lifted her with momentum and carried her like a bride through several rooms to her bed. Gentle and careful not to wake her after all, he put her down and looked down at her slender figure thoughtfully. Why did he fear her? Apparently she was only human. She too had weaknesses, even though she had hidden them from him very well so far.
He ran a gruff hand over his face and reached into his pocket one last time. With stiff movements he took out the box in which the contact lenses swam. One had to be enough, otherwise he would be blind. That one eye failed was enough. But it would work.
Without looking back, he left her bedroom and closed the door behind him. Now he had to hurry. Azazel paused briefly to probe his surroundings - no one could be heard, seen or felt. Hurry up now.
The space. He had to find the said room. Hastily, but silently and with tense senses to the extreme, he moved through the abandoned hallways. Where did everyone go? Were the guards really all stripped off to this gala? Had people been right in the end? Fortunately for him, the professor had told him where to go. Otherwise he would have lost his way hopelessly and wasted valuable time. There! Like a passing shadow, he scurried into the black of an unlit corridor, but to his great annoyance the lights in it immediately turned on and drove away the security of the darkness. Cursed people. Nothing was left of his world. Even the light betrayed him.
With slightly trembling hands, he opened the container and, after a moment's hesitation, fished around in the solution. She felt cool against his finger and he wanted to break off the search, when he bumped into something small and flexible and winced briefly. His nerves were blank. There was too much at stake. Grinning nervously, he grabbed the stuff and looked at the small hemisphere on his fingertip. Simply ridiculous. The thing was smaller than his thumbnail and sheer. How could so much technology fit into this tiny part ?! He would probably never understand it, he resigned again and put the lens in his eye.
He blinked in confusion and only very slowly did the sandy feeling of the foreign body disappear. And his view was not restricted. Huh? He looked around the hall in confusion, but he still looked like a minute ago. Just empty. Then he just shrugged indifferently. Apparently it was so now.
Suddenly a beating heart came closer. Merde! Too early! It's been expanding over the centuries Combat experiences took the lead. Fast and silent. And without being seen. His usual practice. In order to be able to concentrate better, he closed his eyes and sent his mind on a tentative search. There! The intruder. A deep, almost meditative calm came over him and smoothed the waves of his inner excitement.
Feather-light stroked his spiritual hand over the breast of the woman, who came down the main aisle with her gun on her hip and looked around suspiciously as if she felt Azazel's eyes on her. In search of the right point, his hand caught on the stocky neck of the human woman and his lips unconsciously curled into a delightful, superior smile. This was his world, a world that people would never have access to, no matter how hard they tried should.
With all his strength he pressed his ghost hand together and crunched, the woman's neck crumbled in his fist like a dry biscuit. Grace had been granted one of the quickest deaths that Azazel had in store. But it wasn't over yet. He conscientiously caught the body with his ghost and placed it on the hard floor almost without making a sound. Finished.
In a flash his mind snapped back into his body and with a half-suppressed gasp Azazel opened his eyes. So far so good, but wherever a person came from, a whole nest of them was most likely lurking. And he couldn't treat everyone to his special treatment, but his strength wasn't enough for that. Except someone served him as a snack ... But he immediately rejected this thought. The others, the less bad people, apparently watched. Maybe they knew less about him than he thought? He couldn't take the risk of betraying his true nature. Then not on his usual tour, but rather old-fashioned man against man.
"Marzena," he said softly, but still clearly. It sounded like a cry in the crypt-like stillness of the corridors around him. Without being able to prevent it, he jumped slightly and the announced vibration in his eye did not exactly help to calm his attacked nerves. He had to kill again, only then could he relax. Bizarre, isn't it?
From now on, he had to exercise caution. He listened attentively to the surroundings, but nothing was felt. He ran smoothly to the door that should lead to the room where he should plug in the stick. Wait, was it open at all? But the problem solved itself when he heard a scraping sound and pressed himself into the next best door frame at lightning speed, although he was clearly aware that this would in no way prevent his discovery. But old habits couldn't be put off so quickly.
He peeked attentively out of his hiding place and to his great amazement, the heavy steel door was just so open. When did doors open by themselves? It was like in ... For a brief moment, Azazel grew ice cold. Like back then in Strasbourg. But how could that be? Or was it just an uncanny coincidence? But he could never miss such a chance in life, the explanation for this mystery had to wait.
Said and done. He squeezed gently through the narrow crack that the door revealed and immediately melted inside with the shadow that the door cast. Or had actually intended it, if the movement hadn't turned on the light again. Who came up with this cursed idea? He grudgingly closed the door behind him with some effort so that at first glance nobody would notice that it was open should he walk past. Still, he didn't have all the time in the world.
His mood sank deep again when he looked at the room for the first time. Meters-by-meter stretched over man-high, smooth - so probably glass walls and formed a checkered pattern of passageways that all looked the same. Panic-stricken despair crept up in Azazel. How could he fucking find the right place for this stick ?! He could hardly see anything here, because his eyes were not designed to penetrate glass and to look behind it. And he was also barred from questioning a computer, as they always did. So what should he do?
It was then that the (nonexistent) gods saw Azazel and sent him their hero to free him from this predicament. Pounding loudly and grumbling, a human came closer. Crap, crap, crap! That could hardly be one of those damn coincidences again ?! Wasn't he lucky today? Swearing silently, Azazel whirled around, heart pounding for a hiding place, no matter how good or bad it was. The adjacent corridors were out of the question - who knew if they weren't transparent to human eyes? Then there was only one thing left.
His brow furrowed with concentration, he gathered his energy and pushed himself powerfully off the floor. His hands clawed hard against the metal top of the door and he immediately squeezed his feet against the smooth cover. But it would not last long. With concentrated attention, he sent his gift into the tips of his fingers and feet and pulled the heavy gate through them towards him. The metal suddenly pressed against his fingers and feet and Azazel had to forbid a painful groan. But he had achieved what he had planned: like a spider he could now crawl up walls and not fall down.
The deep breathe grew louder and soon he was able to feel the associated people. He closed his eyes tensely - completely forgetting the monitoring contact lens - and gently, very gently, felt his mind for the approaching man's head. Fine as butterfly wings he brushed against the human body and ran through him like a breath of wind, which made him involuntarily shudder. A picture of the door popped up in front of Azazel's inner eye, but apparently no one thought of more at the time, to Azazel's great annoyance. Why couldn't someone even be courteous and cooperate? But otherwise the man (luckily) showed no reaction and opened the door awkwardly and noisily, which was not surprising when you consider that he also had to put Azazel's weight aside.
In rhythm with a silent melody, the small, fat person stomped down the aisle under Azazel's watchful ghost eyes and purposefully held out for a rectangle embedded in the glass walls, which must have been one of these screens. Azazel had to take a closer look at that. Perhaps that was the answer to the riddle?
Infinitely careful and slowly he climbed the door like an insect until he hung upside down on the ceiling. He breathed very flat, so as not to make a sound in the now almost perfect silence, which was only broken by the rising and falling clack of the keyboard. What was the man doing? Curious about the irresistible attraction of discovering new things, Azazel unconsciously leaned closer to the man and the misfortune took its course.
As if in slow motion, Azazel could still see the tiny stick moving out of his pocket and staggering on his journey to earth. He held out his hand uncontrollably to prevent the fall, although it was already clear that it was too late, and his mouth opened in a silent cry of horror. The little tin thing raced ever faster towards the ground and Azazel's panic grew. No! Not so close to the goal! That just couldn't be true ?! He almost sobbed with anger and disappointment, but kept his nerve at the last moment and remained silent. He was barely able to do that attach to the ceiling again before he fell too. And then it happened.
The stick clinked open next to the unsuspecting man and painfully loud the sound reverberated in Azazel's ears. Crap. Confused, the human turned his head and looked for the source of the noise.
"What the hell ...?" Escaped the fat man and, as feared, looked up - to a resigned Azazel. Now he couldn't prevent it. Their eyes met and the human's mouth opened in surprise, but no sound escaped his quivering lips.
With the delusion of despair, Azazel clawed his mind deep into the man's head and whipped and pounded the same command, repeated over and over, the same command: Use the stick. Use the stick! USE THE STICK !!!
Blood ran from all the openings of the victim of his mental attack and he looked like crying red tears. Azazel did not see it, but the blackness continued to grow from the pupil with creeping branches until there was no more white and the eyes resembled a single, jet-black surface. Slowly, as if pulled by an inexperienced puppeteer, the man was walking through the room step by step and yet Azazel barely noticed it, his own command caught him too much and he couldn't stop chasing it into the head of man again and again . What did he do The man connected the stick. Truly, he connected the stick. When did he pick it up? With an almost barely audible click, the thing was stuck to a long cable and with a tremendous rumble, the person fell over, as if all the tension had suddenly left him. And at that moment Azazel realized that a heart in the room had stopped beating. As if through a thick layer of cotton wool, he noticed that he let go of the blanket and landed on the earth in a graceful rolling motion, without making a single sound, and mute beside them People kicked. Absent-mindedly he looked at his greasy hair, since this had landed my case on his face. Oops. That was not how it had been planned. A pool of blood spread leisurely under the dead man's head and Azazel took a step back so as not to get his shoes dirty.
At that moment he remembered that he had something to do and that this thing would not be postponed. He was terrified and without storming the human man another look he stormed from this glass horror cabinet and crashed shut the door behind it. Should people come and see what had happened. He would be somewhere else again.
HQ Bioresearch Cooperation Mumbai, India, July 21, 8:23 p.m.
This time he knew what he was doing. Azazel carefully recalled the professor's precise instructions and performed each action exactly as she told him. He banished any other thought from his head. Especially what he'd done to innocent people despite everything. It was born out of despair, he tried unsuccessfully, but he was well aware that he was only lying to himself in the face. Usually he wasn't ashamed of his deeds and talents - it was the same with this ... accident - but secretly he was annoyed that he didn't have the situation under control and that he had let himself go. That was really not professional.
With a sigh, he closed the felt thousandth drawer and straightened his aching back. He just couldn't find this cursed disk and his inability to bring him to the brink of angry outbursts. He didn't even know what that should look like, damn it!
"Are you looking for something specific?" Asked suddenly behind him, and Azazel whirled around, startled by his negligence.
How could he have allowed it?
Sanchez looked at him casually, leaning against the door frame, so brimming with self-confidence and a cheeky grin on his face. Azazel froze and didn't know how to react. What did the fool want now? What kind of game was he playing here?
"You are probably wondering why I am letting you rummage around senselessly and have not yet alarmed the guard," the man began with a smug smile. Azazel said nothing. What else could he have said or asked? It was obvious who held the reins. When would the weighing pan again tilt in Azazel's favor?
"Well, then I have an answer ready for you: What you are looking for, the data carrier on which the video is stored, does not exist. Or rather said, no more. ”Almost with relish, Sanchez looked at Azazel's facial expressions, which resulted in a slight despair from a lack of understanding of bewilderment. And suddenly the Azazel knowledge came over him and all warmth escaped from his body.
"No ...", he whispered, because his voice was literally consumed by blazing, freezing anger. But the man was blind, as always.
"Yes, beings. I took care of it myself. I warned you, but you didn't want to hear. ”A certain grin crossed the man's face and made it look very boyish. Unable to suppress its predatory nature, Azazel's teeth bared and a hissing hiss escaped his throat.
But Sanchez's subsequent reaction surprised him. Because he had obviously expected an attack by Azazel and already defensively raised his right hand in front of his head and reached the direction of his pocket with the other, probably to call his people to arms.
Because Azazel only sighed loudly, ran a hand through the strands of hair that had stolen from his bun and framed his face like a white-blonde halo, turned looked around and walked out of the room without a word and without looking back. Because man may have spoken the truth for the first time. The corners of his mouth were bent up slightly when he saw the startled heard the man behind him.
"What, hey, wait! You can't just give me nothing here, leave you nothing and just run away! ”The ground trembled heavily under the man's pounding steps as he ran after Azazel.
"Apparently, yes, Mr. Sanchez," Azazel replied calmly and strolled leisurely through the large glass door of her office, which opened as if by magic and closed behind the uneven couple.
"Stop and look at me, creature! Look me in the face and tell me what you are going to do! ”The man continued to complain, but Azazel left this request uncommented and followed the gentle bend in the corridor, which finally ended on the 'main street' of the building, which once completely ran through it pulled through and was the central branch of all possible corridors.
More and more people came to meet them, squeezed past or passed them, rushing from one place to another, often with tablets or cell phones in their hands. Pleasant tangle of language filled the air and nobody paid more attention to him or his unpleasant companion than necessary, because people of different nationalities and cultures lived and worked in this ... institution and so they fell hardly on the mass of faces. As Azazel had planned.
"Where do you want to go? Talk to me! ”Sanchez asked again, but only got an eyebrow raised in response to his question. When he understood what Azazel wanted, a grumpy expression put on his face and he growled more than saying:
"I'm asking you, Azazel. The man looked over at Azazel, exasperated, "So are you satisfied now?" nodded, smiling slightly, but remained silent.
"What else do I have to do that you finally open your mouth and talk to me? Tell me what you're up to, or ...! "
"What or, sir, man?" Azazel replied calmly strolling down the aisle with a counter question.
"Well, you ... I ... no matter. You know exactly! Stop that to play stupid game with me! ”, the young man tried to bring up his somewhat thin arguments and Azazel enjoyed himself deliciously at his expense.
"Why are you so nervous? Do you have anything on your mind? "Asked Azazel in a velvety voice and caught the fidgety look of Sanchez," Why are you doing such a scene here? "
"I'm definitely not making a scene !!!", he hissed indignantly at the insinuation and flinched in horror when he noticed the many pairs of eyes that his loud voice had excited.
"I would highly recommend lowering their volume," Azazel said, adding that the man's face literally clenched into a fist and for a brief moment it really looked like he was going to thump Azazel . In the end, cowardice prevailed as always and the boy choked his pride. So he wasn't that stupid. Interesting.
"Don't worry, Mr. Sanchez. I know how you feel at the moment. I know this feeling too well, ”Azazel tried to cheer him up with exasperating serenity as he turned into the stairwell. He couldn't find anything in elevators. Inside, he felt too narrow and distrusted the technology that held his life.
"As if you had any idea what feelings are!" The young man still hissed offended and Azazel sighed and turned his gaze to the seemingly endless steps in front of him.
"You really are concerned about their impotence, right?"
When he was struck, the man winced and Azazel involuntarily felt himself to the recent conversation Susann Black recalls.
"Then there are already two of us," Azazel whispered gloomily and ran his fingers lightly over the smooth railing on his right. A strangely relaxed mood took hold of him. It was over. What was happening now was no longer in his hand.
"You and helpless ?! Pffhhh, I'm asking you. You have such great skills. Telekinesis, telepathy and can fly wherever your wings take you, ”the man replied sarcastically and Azazel honestly surprised that he spoke to him at all. Wasn't he just so insulted?
Then he realized, cold and hot, that he still had this strange contact lens in it. And people could hear everything! Shocked at how ceremoniously his secret that he had tried to keep at all costs was presented to Sari kaki’s greedy eyes and his henchmen on the serving plate, he barely noticed where his feet were taking him.
"And me? In your eyes I'm just a stupid, interchangeable person, unable to do anything right. Right? ”Came Sanchez's voice from afar, but Azazel hardly registered what he was saying.
Only marginally did he notice how he left the staircase with Sanchez in tow and ran along a barely used corridor high above the ground. He hastily caught his eye and got hold of the contact lens almost immediately. Blinking, he held back the tears that were trying to flow out of the manipulation from his eye and for a brief moment looked at the so nondescript-looking root of all evil on his fingertip.
"Yes, that broadly describes my impression of them. Very apt, you have to say. ”Azazel could literally hear people grind their teeth with anger. So cute.
"What is it?" The man asked with suspicion in his voice and Azazel crushed the fragile structure between his fingers and let the remnants fall to the floor before stepping on it again. Better safe than sorry.
"Nothing to worry about, Mr. Sanchez. After all, they thought they did everything right and deprived me of the only thing that would have been the key to my freedom. I congratulate you. You have reached your destination. Congratulations, ”Azazel hurried to say, to direct people's thoughts away from this delicate subject. The less he knew, the better.
"Um, what ?!" The man understood completely obviously the world no longer. Oh yes, and they were almost there. Azazel sighed silently at such pronounced confusion.
"The disk with the video. Does something ring at them? "
"Uh, video?" The young man asked uncertainly.
And now it was Azazel's turn to look surprised. Did the boy really not have a clue? He paused thoughtfully at the right door (the fifth on the left after the last staircase with the wide threshold) and pushed the handle down. Without a word, Sanchez followed him as if pulled by invisible cords. What now?
“There was clear evidence on the disk against Susann and Ms. Akthar, Alexis. And that would have won the fight, ”came the professor's gruff voice as expected and now Sanchez noticed the other person in the room. She got up from the office chair from which she had monitored everything.
"Mummy? What are you doing here? ”He stuttered in amazement and his eyes wandered between Azazel and the woman in confusion.
"I could ask the same thing. Azazel, please break up the mess. "
"Maybe a discussion is necessary," he replied succinctly and sat cross-legged on the next best chair and looked at the two people completely neutral. Nobody moved. His expression looked sick and emaciated in the glow of the screens that paved the walls of the former control room.
"Come on, Mr. Sanchez, tell your mother what you did. You should experience it from your own mouth, ”he demanded again people up. Let the games begin!
"Um, well. I honestly don't understand what all this is about. Susann asked me for help on something that was very private. I, uh, yes, I ... ”, he stammered and luckily his mother couldn't stand this babble any longer.
"Just say it, Alexis. Always out with it! ”She smiled gently at her child and Azazel had to suppress an inappropriate hint of jealousy. This topic had been dealt with for him forever. And it was his own fault.
"Well, she told me that she found out that someone had recorded a video of her that wasn't so ... beneficial to her. And asked me to find it and delete it, since it had to fly back early this morning. “Where to go back? Azazel's forehead wrinkled slightly, but he didn't interrupt the man's speech and let things go. It would still come out. Everything came out at some point.
"Oh yes. I understand. Did she tell you what could be seen on the video? ”His mother asked and Sanchez was clearly to see his sense of shame. He was embarrassed. But why?
"Eh, no. I thought it ... well, um, you know it was a very private video. Very, very private. Do you understand? ”Azazel did not understand, but the professor nodded knowingly.
"So you thought it was a sex video?" She asked, and Sanchez nodded, relieved not to have to say it.
"Seriously now ?!" Escaped Azazel and a little stunned he looked at the young man, "I don't think so now!" He rubbed his face irritably as the profession cleared up her confused son:
"No, Alexis. It was not a video. That would have been evident, would have been much more powerful. It was a evidence video that showed Susann's illegal, inhuman attempts at apparently not volunteer subjects. We could have achieved so much with that. Now we are at the very end again Beginning and have nothing in hand against Anjay. Finally understand it: what she wants to achieve must never be possible! "
"Oh," it escaped the stiff-eyed man with little wit and Azazel had to struggle very hard not to pull his skin alive immediately and toast him slowly over a fire.
"Yes, oh," he threw around in a drunken voice and hatred flashed in his eyes. Sanchez would die. But before that he would suffer. And not too little.
"Quiet blood, Azazel. Nothing is lost yet, ”the human woman tried to appease him and put an encouraging hand on his shoulder.
He shook it off vigorously and wanted to jump up, but suddenly all strength left him and he silently buried his face in his hands. Because he had finally understood the full extent of what was waiting for him now. What would she do if she woke up and remembered what he had done and said? All warmth fled from him and he grew cold, so cold. It was just his body. She couldn't harm him anymore. No, it was just his body.
The second stick, it occurred to him. What about him It was still in the same place where it had been left. What if someone found him? He had to prevent it! But his body obeyed him no longer and despair was rampant. He felt a tear falling lonely over his snow-white cheek and looked up with dead eyes at the unequal pair of people who stared at him from their four eyes. They always stared at him.
"Yes, Ms. Ellen Heikkinen, everything is lost. I'm lost, "it whispered from his throat," Because they don't know what I risked for it. "
He couldn't stop the tears now, but he didn't care. Everything was the same to him.
"Everything," his lips shaped silently.

Chapter 17
HQ Bioresearch Cooperation Mumbai, India, July 22, 8:45 a.m.
Azazel blinked wearily at the professor, her lips moving steadily as she explained to the assembled people the images that this quietly whirring device appeared to be throwing on the canvas to her right. It wasn't a big round, because she had let Azazel decimate her. All traitors, in her opinion.
Speaking of which, where did she go? The meeting had started fifteen minutes ago and there was no sign of her. Not that it bothered him in any way - especially after last night.
Tingling, he felt the poorly hidden glances rest on himself and had to control himself so as not to let his displeasure shine outwards. When did people finally get over the fact that he looked the way he looked? He had seen much more prominent figures in the big cities today. He had barely noticed among them. At least an advantage. Annoyed by the infinite explanations of the human woman and his own lack of understanding of what she was actually talking about - after all, it was about him, it would have been an advantage to understand what it was about - he shifted his weight to his previously unloaded leg.
Why did she want to have him there? She had given him the order a long time ago and acted as if she wanted to fight him. She knew as well as he did that he was only used as a decorative element. Or did she just want to show off her brilliant performance? She kept talking about the need to protect her, but what from? Every suspect had long since been eliminated and the rest of them had to be clear, despite their limited human mind be that these accumulated 'accidents' could not be a coincidence? Oh yes, he sighed internally, the people and thinking ...
A loud knock on the door next to him jerked him out of his carousel and, glad of the distraction, took a step away from her when it was opened from the outside before anyone could react. A tall, Chinese-looking man with a short military shaved hair entered the room and the atmosphere immediately turned tense. Because he had a big weapon in his hands and seemed to be wearing protective armor over his chest. Such a person could never promise anything good. Or was it? Azazel wondered when another gush of men and women dressed similarly martially spilled in behind the man and spread them around the table with their weapons at the ready.
The silence that followed shortly afterwards was thick to cut, and in the air was a diffuse mixture of fear, anger, and confusion. It was truly electrifying to Azazel and he had to suppress an excited tremor in his limbs when the leader's cold eyes looked at him. Rigid, but with a polite expression, Azazel looked back and unconsciously took a stance. Centuries of service in a wide variety of armies around the world have left no trace.
"Good day. My name is Ellen Heikkinen and could I please find out why you are visiting us? As you may see, we are in the middle of a discussion- ”, the professor starts.
"Shut up!", She was roughly interrupted by the soldier next to her and literally winced under the almost shouted command. The man gripped her arm hard and she grimaced in pain for a moment. But why did this sight make Azazel's blood boil?
"Moderate your tone, please," Azazel escaped before he could prevent it. Merde, it just shot through his head when the man's head and a dozen rifle barrels were whirled around him and he the enjoyed the fullest attention of everyone present. The day had started so well! 
"Let it be," Azazel was warned by the professor.
A soldier stood at an angle next to him and unequivocally pointed her rifle at his exposed chest. With astonishment, he found that he knew her. It was the light-haired, tall woman who worked for Sari kakis. What was she doing here? It could hardly be a coincidence. What had this fox been planning now? Resigned, he hung his head and lowered his eyes. That could be cheerful.
"I am Quan Harper, a lieutenant in the United States Army, and I have here," the man pulled a bundle of paper from one of his breast pockets, "a search warrant for this building including the confiscation of all documents and storage media that are directly or indirectly related to the so-called project Moira stand. According to the Addis Ababa agreement last year, you must give me your full support in de r I have the right to have cross-border crimes solved, and should they refuse to do so, I have the right to have them arrested. ”
Amused, Azazel had to control himself not to burst out laughing. These Americans were always so cute when they acted as if they owned the world. Some things seemed to change very slowly.
"What is accused of whom? Could I see the documents, please? ”Asked the professor calmly, walking slowly around the table with her hands up, bravely ignoring the weapons that followed her movements.
"Stop!" Hissed the man named Harper and she stopped.
"I ask you. I don't know what this is about. I want to help them! But please tell me what's going on here and why you are here! "
"Do you know a Susann Black?", Only the counter question was asked and the professor had to struggle visibly. What should Azazel do?
"Yes, I do," she replied, staring fiercely into the lieutenant's eyes, "Why do you want to know?"
“It is advertised for a worldwide search for violations of the ban on unauthorized research on people and money laundering and tax evasion worth millions. Do you know where she could be now? "
"No, I w-"
"She is not here," Azazel interrupted the alarmed and somewhat stunned looking professor, but he couldn't help it. Under no circumstances was she allowed to walk behind bars where he would hardly ever get to her. And under no circumstances should the woman escape her just punishment - that is, the most painful death. He wouldn't let it get that far!
"How do you know that? And who are they anyway? ”Asked the soldier suspiciously and suddenly Azazel saw the way ahead of him, how he could handle the whole situation. And also saw through why the servant Sari kakis was here. With a cheerless smile, he looked at the man and said:
"Because I, Alexander Duping, murdered her."
"What has he done…?"
"No, he never has ...!"
"Arrest him!"
Still smiling, he let the meaningless comments of the people drip off and waited for the soldier's reaction.
"I don't like to be fooled, Mr. Duping. So out with the language, where is Ms. Black really? "
Azazel hadn't expected that either. He didn't believe him? Stupid man, because now his men had to die because of his disbelief. From the corner of his eye he squinted at the light-haired soldier next to him and tried nonverbally to ask if she understood. This nodded slightly and one Thrill of excitement shot through Azazel. Now he was allowed to play again!
Concentrated, his mind searched for that of the professor while his eyes rested on the lieutenant and ruthlessly entered him:
I distract her, you disappear. Don't look for me, we'll meet again where it all started.
The professor staggered and staggered backwards into the arms of a small, muscle-bound soldier. And Azazel took advantage of the general distraction. With a well-measured, not too hard blow of his elbow, he put the soldier out of action next to him, clawed her weapon and slipped smoothly behind the other guards through the door, here and there, too, placing well-placed blows with his fist to pave the way.
At the door he turned to the right and took his legs in his hand. At the next corner there was a single soldier who hastily put on his rifle and shouted:
"Stand still or-"
The rest of the sentence got stuck in the air unsaid and only blood gushed from the lips of the human being, the bullet from Azazel's weapon had torn his intestines. Somehow the blood gushing out at the steady pulse of the pulse hypnotized him and all thoughts stopped in his head. That was it. His elixir of life, his center of life, his everything and everything without being nothing and nobody. Funny how everything could be reduced to a single point, isn't it?
Somehow, the deafening bang of the launch came into his mind, repeated over and over again. No, there were gunshots behind him. On him. Suddenly, reality hit his senses again. Startled, Azazel breathed fresh air into his lungs and continued running down the hall. A bullet whistled sharply past his head, leaving a bloody kiss on his cheek. A man dived from the left and literally threw himself at Azazel before he could really react. Damn it had slowed down!
With clenched teeth, he pushed the mountain of meat away and got up again. Burning pain burned in his calf and he knew he was hit. But he still fled because there was nothing else he could do. He had to give the professor enough time. A soft voice in the back of his head just wondered how long he had been risking so much for one person. How long had the woman been so valuable to him, since she had clearly rejected him? And the question came up even more: what was he fleeing from? They couldn't beat him.
"Stop! Stop! “, Roared behind him and Azazel did the man a favor. He whirled around jerkily and suddenly put the rifle quietly on. One shot, two shots, three shots, four shots found their target one after the other and the screaming and groaning of those hit the corridor. It sounded sweet as a Chopin tune in Azazel's ears. Blood splashed against the wall and ran down to the earth in small streams. The opposing bullets danced around him through the air, but without reaching him, because like annoying flies he fought them off with his gift. Booming, he shot into the concrete walls around the people and enveloped them in a cloud of dust, which he hoped blocked their view.
"Back! Retreat! ”Came the redemptive call and Azazel stopped the fire shortly afterwards. Not because he wanted to, just because he ran out of ammunition. For a tiny moment the world fell silent and the annoying ringing in his ears, caused by the noise of the shots, permeated the leaden silence. Wonderful, this silence ... With an almost contemptuous gesture, he dropped the gun and scurried around the corner.
As expected, he found the door to the stairwell and hurried down, taking several steps at a time. The wound in his leg had healed so far that he barely felt it. Trampling steps announced his pursuers. The whole thing would be much easier for Azazel, he could rely on HIS help. But the ban logically goes without saying.
Irritated that people remained so stubborn, he intensified his efforts. The door opened at the bottom of the stairs he was on and several soldiers poured out. Immediately he was back in the fire of their rifles and jumped elegantly over the railing, because he knew instinctively that the ground was not far away. He came up hard, but rolled off to take some force out of the impact, which he did more than badly. Behind him, a human was also trying his trick, but his vertebrae broke with an audible crack as he came up on the railing with his back. Sharp screams, which could hardly be called human, flew over to Azazel, but he couldn't enjoy them because he had to go on. Only where his feet carried him was he still not quite clear about.
He hastily opened the door and found himself in an unknown part of the building. Nothing worked today ?! Excessive anger over his thoughtlessness arose in him. Right, left, right, left. He ran randomly through the monotonous corridors. There had to be an exit somewhere! How could he have given up his decisive advantage ?!
"For the last time: stop!" It was shouted behind him again and slowly but surely the exhausting night and his injury took their toll. But he couldn't replenish his energy reserves here. Something would have been too conspicuous, right?
And then the world exploded in pain. Something metal penetrated right through the healing wound and his leg was jerked backwards so that Azazel fell over and bit his lip hard when his chin hit his forehead on the hard floor. His vision went black for a moment and the noises stopped. Deep vibrations of the earth tore him back out of his night and an invisible knife bored hot into his brain, but it was no match for the pain in his leg. What the hell…? He looked confused at the source of the evil. Another jolt went through him and he couldn't help groaning in pain.
"Hold your hands on the floor where I can see them!" Asked a voice, but in his world of dull agony he crawled on the wonderfully cool floor until a wall blocked his way . So now his flight was over, he thought melancholy and sat with his back against the wall.
What had people done to his leg that hurt so much? Silver was never in there, otherwise he would have felt it. At least something. Panting flatly, he squinted at his leg. A rope protruded from the bleeding wound that a beefy soldier tightly tied in his hand and every little movement sent a new wave of agony through his calf. It had to get out, he couldn't stand it for a long time!
"No!" Someone shouted, but it was too late.
With clenched teeth, he tried to control the pain and looked incredulously at the barb that had been in his flesh. He was lightly etched by his blood and his black sap on it threw bubbles. Resigned, he dropped it and leaned his head against the cool concrete wall. When he stretched his leg away, a gush of black blood gushed from the deep hole in his flesh, forming a beautifully circular puddle on the concrete floor.
"So there we are," Azazel said simply and waited to see what would happen now. And something was going to happen, that much was clear.
The crowds of mercenaries parted, and with partly curious, partly angry eyes, the leader - Quan, Azazel believed, was his name - stomped towards the stunned wounded. His eyes slid to that scarcely bleeding wound and his forehead wrinkled. It rattled visibly behind it. But what was he thinking?
"So you're this new, indestructible Superman," the man said, more than asking. Confusion rose in Azazel. Superman? Huh?
It had to be clearly seen that he did not know how to follow the man, because the lieutenant carefully laid his head on one side and ordered the man to his right:
"Arrest." What? No! An almost animal hiss escaped from his throat when man tried to touch him.
"Finger away!" Azazel hissed and anger blazed brightly and hotly in him.
"You are not in a position to make demands. It is not even certain if they are still human. As long as this is not clear, they have no rights and are therefore confiscated property, ”the leader replied without emotion and took a step back.
Somehow, Azazel irritated the indifferent, almost bored kind of man and his anger increased again when his aides roughly grabbed Azazel and dragged him to his feet. With clenched teeth, he had to suppress a painful moan when his injured leg was loaded with his weight. He stubbornly tried to free himself from the iron grip of people and promptly received a slap in the face for his efforts. That was the drop that made the barrel overflow.
The human cry was the loudest thing Azazel had heard in a while and put a smear of blood on his lips. With all the contempt he was capable of, he haunted the finger at the lieutenant's foot, which he had bitten off the lamenting human being and which he had had stuck between his teeth, and triumphed over the disgust and terror in the man's face , even if it's a Childish and rather short victory was on his part, because immediately the man had himself under control and looked at the flesh scraps at his feet completely neutral.
"What ... ?!", escaped the other soldier who was still clutching Azazel and the latter took his chance mercilessly.
With a hard knee in his crown jewels, he put the man out of action and wanted to attack the lieutenant with a jump. But then he felt the cold metal of a gun barrel on his temple and froze in his movements. But not because he feared the shot. He was going to chop his brain and the healing, he knew from a good experience, was very painful. No, he paused because, despite all the hustle and bustle around him, he felt a familiar heartbeat. Your heartbeat. What was she doing here?
"What's going on here if I may ask?" Came her cutting voice and Azazel almost winced. This pitch awakened bad memories in him.
"Stand still! Hands over your head, come on! ”Demanded one of the mercenaries and several weapons whirled towards her from Azazel. Azazel's mouth went dry as she got closer. He wasn't ready to see her again. He didn't know if he would ever be again. But fate was a bad traitor, as so often. The ranks of the soldiers opened like a trellis and then he saw them and they also saw him. And for a moment the world stood still. What was that in her eyes? Hate? Anxiety? Sadness? He had never really been able to read it, but now he desperately wanted to be able to.
"And they are?" Lieutenant Quan asked with an eyebrow raised and unashamedly eyed the woman who was standing directly in front of him.
“My name is Anjay Akthar and I own the company on which they are standing. Can I please search permission or was always see? Otherwise I would have to politely ask them to go. "
Azazel suppressed a sigh. How pointless. With bowed eyes, he bowed his head and just stood there, resigned to fate. He doubted that he could influence what would follow. As so often, it exceeded his understanding of the world today. Paper crackled and rustled. An approving sound was heard.
"When we are there, do you know where Ms. Susann Black is? It is open to international searches for illegal research and tax evasion. ”
“No, unfortunately I don't know where she is at the moment. But why do you want to arrest him? What did he do? ”She pointed to Azazel, who didn't respond.
“Killed five of my men and three others, some seriously injured. That should be more than enough for an arrest, don't you think? ”The soldier asked sarcastically and Azazel's hands were handcuffed behind his back. All the time, the gun stuck to his temple as a permanent reminder of who had said this. Yes, yes, he understood.
“And it is evidence in the Susann Black case. He is now officially confiscated. "
"What?! No! You can't do that! He has rights like everyone else. "
Fatigue spread through Azazel, but it suddenly vanished when he realized the possibility that was now open to him. If you took it with you now, it was initially out of your reach and could finally remove this watch strap! And then the hunt would start, but this time the hunters and the prey were properly distributed. Tingling anticipation shot through Azazel's guts, but he showed no sign of the outside, but looked bluntly back and forth between the debating parties.
"Do you have any idea what has been done to him that he's practically invulnerable? No? Oh, you didn't know anything? Just look there, ”the leader pointed clearly at Azazel smaller wound, "I would have been surprised too. As long as we do not have this information available, he is de facto no longer considered a person and therefore loses his rights. So, lead away! ”, He ordered the men who held Azazel's upper arms tightly.
These set in motion and he had to follow them if he didn't want to get to know the hard ground again. A huge amount of weapons remained pointed at him all the time, ready to hold him accountable at all times if he did not act according to man's will. But he remained obedient and willingly followed his new guards to the next prison. It could never get worse than that in his head. He straightened up and shook the disgusting human hands vigorously, but continued to follow the soldiers without protest. He looked up unintentionally as he passed her and their eyes met. They looked at each other for a long time and he tried to keep an emotionless mask before turning away without a word. He never knew what she could read in his eyes. He hardly knew what he felt when he saw her. There was simply no suitable expression for it, in any language that he was capable of. However, Azazel knew that this gesture meant more to her than he wanted. Maybe she even figured out how much he hated her? Or did she interpret it completely differently? It didn't matter, he couldn't change it anyway.
He felt her eyes tingling on the back of his neck until he and his guards finally turned the corner. He almost breathed a sigh of relief, but just in time he realized that this could be a bit conspicuous and so he refrained from doing it. Proudly and with an icy gaze, he strode down the corridors towards his new cage. Let's see how long it lasted.
Somewhere over the Atlantic Ocean, just before the Azores, July 23, 8:45 a.m.
It all started just about twenty-four hours ago. Azazel leaned his head wearily against the hard metal wall behind him and closed his eyes. Pleasant darkness enveloped him and he welcomed her like an old friend after a long journey. Slowly he slipped into a shallow half-sleep and silenced all his thoughts, worries and fears in his head. With a fine smile around his mouth, he listened to the roaring engine of the flying thing that the people had loaded into and felt the rough zigzag movements when the wind playfully hit the machine. Again he had to pay them respect because they had tied him up and secured him in the most elaborate way so that it seemed impossible for him to escape. But he had never liked to follow the rules of the game.
"Ey, don't fall asleep!" Snapped a harsh old woman's voice and blinking Azazel opened her eyes to her to point blankly at the source of the noise.
The woman looked old, definitely older than she was. Her hair was shaved like a man's, and her shape looked thin. Her face was blinking in the sun and tanned from the weather and looked like old leather. Deep folds had dug into them, creating true valleys and mountains in their mine. Her lips were almost an invisible line and were now drawn even thinner than she and Azazel looked at each other.
"Don't stare like that! Look somewhere else, ”the human woman asked Azazel angrily and shifted her eyes looking sullen to find a more comfortable position. She didn't succeed.
Azazel smirked to himself only half concentrated, but followed her command and let his gaze wander over the soldiers sleeping around them in their seats. So many and just to guard him? Either this Quan was very smart or just overly cautious. Neither was a trait that Azazel, if present in humans, could gain much. It only made things more complicated. But who had because said that it would be a walk? And without it, it would be boring. He heard the woman angrily grumbling into himself, but hardly paid any attention to her. It was unimportant. Like everyone in this room or on this plane. The ones who enjoyed his full attention (even if they weren't aware that this meant something very bad for their life), they were out there and time was working against him. How long did he have until it was too late?
His eyes went to the fine-meshed wire mesh that formed a box around him. Faking a bored face, Azazel clenched his hands into fists and then opened them again. Over and over again to test how tight the handcuffs were that tied his wrists to the metal chain that wrapped around his waist. Hm, but worked amazingly well. Tangible workmanship would not doom him now, would it? That would be really humiliating, given that he had always valued quality so much ...
"Ey, moon face!"
Azazel silently ignored the request from a soldier not in his immediate field of vision, but closed his eyes again, but this time not to doze, but to see with his mind what was hidden from his eyes.
"Come on!" No.
Annoyed, he closed his ears to the attention-grabbing babble of the man, released his mind from his body and let his invisible eyes float towards the room through the single door. He almost managed to slip through the fine gap beneath her, but something hard flew into his body against the temple and the shock made his concentration seep away like water in the desert sand.
"Ey, white bread! Here is playing the music!"
"True, the idiot orchestra is rehearsing," Azazel replied automatically and without being able to prevent it with a voice dripping with sarcasm.
Annoyed by himself that he had let himself down to answer these people, he turned his head and looked at the young man who had started the riot and was now looking at his half-laughing companion, also with a clenched expression.
"Get back in!" He hissed at his comrades, but only got another giggle.
This mischief wasn't exactly good for Azazel's pissed nerves. Anger arose in him, but this time he had no desire to put out the fire. Why were all people so stupid? He clenched his fists in rage and his sharp fingernails cut into his sensitive palms. However, the pain did not help control his emotions this time.
Outside, it rumbled loudly and the room high over the ocean lurched violently. This silenced the crowd for a few heartbeats. Somehow, that sound aroused deep in Azazel, a feeling he hadn't felt in a long time. What was it? He didn't get it, even though it was on his tongue. Slowly he became dim and the world around me was packed like cotton wool. He slumped and his eyelids fluttered. What…? It crashed again and this time the plane literally bounced through the air like a bucking horse. A shiver ran down Azazel's body and all his muscles tightened. He felt his eyes light up under his half-closed lids. Oh no. Then only darkness. Too late. 
Colder than ice, slim hands reached for him and stroked his hair gently, caressing his pale cheeks and pale lips. No sound reached his ears, only his heartbeat heretically boomed loudly in this g holy rest. But there was silence around him. Stillness. But it didn't scare him because his numb body was pulled into a tight hug and with a relieved sigh, he surrendered to her. He felt a security like he had never known before. Did such a child feel in the womb? Free from all worries, all the atrocities that life had for it? Where was up, where down? He did not know. He didn't care.
Darkness enveloped him and not even a hint of light broke the perfect blackness around him. Slowly he spread his arms and felt his eyes shut as he sank lower and lower. The water felt velvety that parted beneath him like a curtain to let him in into Neptune's unknown, humid realm. A fine string of pearls made of air bubbles escaped from his slightly open lips and began to search their way up. They tickled his cheeks as he continued to sink.
His heartbeat slowed and the perpetual flood of his thoughts subsided. He wasn't thinking about anything. He didn't feel anything. Only a deep warmth that came from within and seemed to envelop him like a protective cocoon of silk. A peaceful smile settled on his aristocratic features and took the coldness that always characterized them. He exhaled the polluted air of the human world one last time and almost greedily sucked the salty water that surrounded him into his lungs. His heart beat one last time. Then, finally, it was completely silent.

Chapter 18
Château de Brézé, France, August 03, 1:42 p.m.
The carcass of his prey steamed warmly in the icy wind when his hunter released him, but not satisfied. A gust pressed itself against the gaunt, ragged figure and tried howling to knock it over, but this left it unimpressed. The creature scanned the horizon with dangerously sparkling eyes. It didn't know what it was looking for. Because there really wasn't much to see in this snow-covered wasteland. A storm was brewing, it could smell it. It should withdraw.
But it was hungry, such hunger. It could never fill that gnawing emptiness in his stomach, soothe the painful grumbling of his gut no matter how much it ate. A fine whimper shot from his throat and he shivered down his back as his stomach knotted again and cried out for food. He had to hunt, eat, tear, bite, and mumble! It jumped into the air with an animal growl and spread its mighty wings at the same time.
The wind hit hard against the suddenly appearing obstacles and the creature was whirled a good deal backwards until it finally had the necessary strength to flap its wings and glide through the air on the stormy currents, higher and higher. Ice crystals stuck into the unprotected skin of his face like a point like a thousand needles, but he hardly felt it because his gaze wandered manically over the white polar desert below. It had to find it, the prey, the food, the blood! Eerie greed flared up inside him, stronger than ever, pushing aside every thought of the blizzard the creature was chasing.
A snake-like hiss escaped as an unexpected cross wind punched his flank and made him spin dangerously. His muscles worked relentlessly, contracted powerfully and allowed the creature to fly farther and farther into the dark gray clouds in front of him. Almost startled, the wings began to flap violently when suddenly the wind died and the air seemed to stand still. Just to make it your ball. He was brutally dragged up by a gale and his heart skipped a few beats, only to start racing in his chest at three times the speed when it was blown away by another stream of air.
The creature fluttered hectically with its wings, but it was useless, because in the fight against the storm he could only lose. Again an icy wind grabbed him and clouded his gaze with snowflakes pounding hard on him, so that it no longer knew where was up and down. It was constantly being turned back and forth, somersaulting and looping. With clenched teeth, it mobilized its last strength reserves and fought ever more against the unleashed forces of nature. But a brutal blow ended any attempt to attack, because his own hand was thrown against his temple with full force and the world blurred before his eyes. It felt it start to fall, but it was paralyzed and could not lift a finger. It fell with arms outstretched. Ever deeper, ever deeper. The creature's mouth opened and a shattering scream filled the air. But he remained unheard "Azazel?" A high child's voice asked shyly behind him and he jumped violently when he was brought back to the present.
"Yes, Masa?" He pulled himself together and tried with an encouraging smile.
"Am I disturbing you?" Asked the child uncertainly, looking up at Azazel with wide eyes.
"No, no, not at all. Come along next to me, ”he calmed it down and pointed next to him to the wooden bench that he had pushed close to the window to enjoy the wonderful view from his room over the vineyards and forests of the Loire Valley.
The warm summer wind gently stroked his face and a bitter smile settled on the corner of his mouth. The castle and its gardens had lost none of their beauty and reminded him strongly of the time when he had lived here for years. He knew every corner, every stone and every secret passage here. Though they no longer seemed secret at all to the Colbert family, who appeared to have some relationship with Sari kakis. Otherwise why would they help them? He sighed silently. But now he was caught here. Didn't it matter if the chains were visible, weren't the invisible just as binding?
"What do you have? You look so sad? Is it still because of… ”Masa asked him, but then broke off with shame and heartbreaking sadness in the voice and stared silently at the floor.
Pity overwhelmed Azazel and he reproached himself for repeating the child so badly. Only because it was a child. It had been clear that a child didn't know when to speak or not. Azazel was to blame for not paying attention, with the result that the boy in Sicily watched him use his gift.
"Don't worry about it, it's long since forgiven and forgotten," Azazel replied quietly, gently lifting the little man's chin so that it had to look him in the eye, "I overreacted something, Masa. I'm sorry I got so loud. Can you forgive me?"
Azazel was surprised to learn that it was only the second time in his long life that he really asked forgiveness from the bottom of his heart. The little man nodded eagerly and hugged the terrified Azazel violently:
"Sure, of course! After all, I still want to be a Jedi Knight no matter what my mom says! "
Azazel laughed softly and, after a short hesitation, stroked the child's silky straight hair. It had blotted out when they met for the first time and the joy of reunion with the human child had gone through. Now he could clearly sense the mistrust of people that was always there, how they eyed him and tried to get out of him and reconcile it with what they had heard. He had thought they wouldn't pay much attention to a child's chatter, but he was wrong. They put a lot on it. But what did they really know about him and what did they think they knew?
"Masa! Come to me immediately! ”, A piercing voice broke through the intimate togetherness and the unequal couple started apart, startled. Almost synchronously, they turned to Masa's mother, who glared at the two badly.
"I told you shouldn't come here! Come here! ”Kinked, the human child slid off the chair and shuffled towards his mother, who now gave Azazel a deadly look.
"It's okay, Masa didn't bother-" he tried to say, but without taking his eyes off the human woman dominated her child:
"To your room and wait for me there!"
"Yes, mom," came the quiet reply, and the child quietly disappeared out and closed the door behind him. They hadn't even been able to say goodbye. Somehow it made Azazel sad, although they would surely see each other again soon, because the little human didn't think much of his mother's orders.
"You stay away from my child, murderer. Is that clear? You are not dealing with a small child, “said the woman and folded her arms over her chest to look at him with a challenge.
The stern bun she had twisted out of her straight hair and high cheekbones underlined the hardness she had broadcast. She might not be able to fight physically, but she was a warrior, a samurai. Azazel had learned early on that the sharpest weapons were often not made of metal, which is why he felt something like a quiet respect for this human woman.
"And taking Masa with you is one?", He asked back just as aggressively and his fingers ran across the smooth wood of the bench below him.
"What kind of war are you talking about? Here, with me, Masa is the safest! Stay away from him or you'll get to know me! ”, She hissed and whirled around to storm furiously out of his room. The door slammed shut and the silence that followed became overwhelming.
With a sigh, he turned back to the window. That could be cheerful. Lost in thought, he ran a hand over his wrist that until recently had been the symbol of his captivity. But now it was gone, gone in the endless depths of the ocean. He never wanted to see it again or even feel it on his skin. Never again. Before he could really calm down again, there was a knock on the large wooden door and barely a second later it was pushed open vigorously. Azazel sullenly turned to put the troublemaker in his place. Did you have an open house today or what?
"Come on Azazel, there is a lot to talk about," the blonde North woman's scratchy voice came to his ear before he saw her completely. He groaned silently. He had completely hidden that!
He rose silently and with his head held high and followed her with the arrogant expression on his face that he used to wear on such occasions. Again and again he insisted on not dropping the masks, but inside he knew that it would not be as easy as he imagined. Because he saw less and less the meaning behind hiding himself from the eyes of people. 
He had done it for centuries, sometimes more, sometimes less successfully, but it has been different since his resurrection.
Read it he didn't want to see that too many knew about his true face now. He just couldn't do it anymore. This mental, mental exhaustion was consuming on his already very stressed nerves. It grew from day to day and could not be cured by sleep. No, it took completely different things to avoid this pain and they usually didn't end well for the person in question. He smiled dreamily and didn't notice the long sideways glance that the human woman gave him. He was too captivated by the images in his mind's eye.
"Azazel?", Her voice tore him abruptly out of his daydreams and he just nodded haughtily without paying any attention to her. What lay before him was more important than her.
A soldier posted next to the huge wooden door opened a richly decorated wing at her sign and let her into the hall. It almost seemed to Azazel that he was on his way to the tribunal that would decide whether he would be killed or acquitted. But what should they acquit him of when he hasn't done anything?
"Ah, they are finally honoring us with their presence, Azazel. Forgive us for robbing you of your oh so precious time, ”said a mocking voice even before he had fully entered. With some difficulty, Azazel managed to keep its eyes on distributors in the face of so much human stupidity in a person who did not go by the Sanchez name.
"The joy is all mine, Mr. Bartok," he replied, therefore, just frosty Kristóf.
With a closed expression on his face stopped in front of the assembled people, because he was rude no place was offered. But stone courtesy was one of his oldest traits, which is why he stayed silent and clasped his hands behind his back, not accidentally around his neck to find someone again. Then he couldn't afford it. Not yet.
Silence fell over the gathering, and suddenly Azazel realized that his subconscious was right again and suspected something before it became a reality. This was a negotiation. His trial. But what did the jury judge? What was he charged with? He didn't know, and this knowledge of his ignorance made him extremely nervous and irritable. But it would not do much to improve the overall situation if he let himself go now, at least that was clear. Attack wasn't really his style, but sometimes it was the best defense, he thought at that moment, barely noticing the inconsistency of his thoughts, too caught up in the fear of the uncertain future that awaited him if he did Distrust people's distrust. Nobody knew what they were capable of, and he was no exception. He didn't even think they knew it themselves.
"What am I here for?" He threw the question into the room
He had been on his tongue the whole time. Some of the people winced under the freezing cold of his red eyes as he wandered over them to the only person who didn't seem to be afraid of him.
With a fine smile, Sari kakis sat relaxed and leaned back in his chair and you could clearly feel that he knew that he had everything under control. Well, that was the case, although Azazel didn't like to admit it.
"Why always so rough, Azazel? Relax, you are with friends and have nothing to fear, ”the man answered after a while, which seemed like a long eternity to Azazel.
The words didn't help to dissipate his discomfort, and Sari kakis knew you could see it in his eyes, which seemed to sparkle like hell. Slowly believed, no, Azazel knew that she and he were the same in their way, even if theirs Goals couldn't have been more different. You would make a great pair of lovers, it shot through his head. What a terrible idea.
"You didn't answer my question," Azazel insisted, and his eyes narrowed slightly, increasing the ominous aura around him that had grown over the past few minutes. Everyone felt them, even the most numb among men, and it evoked the ancient instincts deeply rooted in them that they were so eager to hide from civilization.
"They are here because we were so friendly after their film-like departure and not very effective immersion, to take them up and give them a roof over their heads," Sari kakis replied succinctly and reached for the wine glass next to her for a sip to take.
Meanwhile, Azazel could only stare at him. Was it serious ?!
"Yes, my fullest. You should thank us for letting them out of this predicament in Mumbai, nac because they reacted so unprofessionally and destroyed almost everything by their headless escape. What were you actually thinking of escaping from the US Army instead of just Freya, "he gave the blond, tall woman a quick glance," to have it done and to get her out of there without being noticed? "Had he been thinking out loud? Apparently.
Azazel could not answer for a few seconds, he was too shocked by Sari kaki’s undisguised reprimand. As if he were a little child. He dared ... ?! No, Azazel, calmly, he tried to keep himself under control. That's what he wants. See you humiliated on the ground to feel sublime. You cannot grant him this satisfaction, even if it tears you apart. His case will come soon enough. He took a deep breath and started:
"I don't think I was fully accountable at the moment."
So, done it, it was out. It wasn't that bad, was it?
"Not quite responsible," Kristóf, the 'second Sanchez' as Azazel secretly called him, mimicked and grinned contemptuously, "I've heard better excuses before."
"Which would be there?" Asked Sari kakis, to Azazel's relief, and silenced Kristóf, who seemed embarrassed and clearly angry. But why did Sari kakis help Azazel? He just couldn't make sense of this human being.
"Why weren't you master of your senses, Azazel? Would you please explain that? ”, He turned back to the white-haired man and hit a very sore spot.
"No, I will not!" Hissed the addressed person with flashing eyes and clenched his hands into fists.
"What really happened the night you did your job?"
"I ..." but his voice died.
Azazel stood there silently and his eyes became ghostly blank. His long fingernails stung painfully into the sensitive flesh of his palms, but he hardly felt it, he was trying too hard to master the chaos of emotions within. He didn't want to think about it, he just couldn't! He had had to touch her, kiss her, and completely submit to her skin and hair. You, his tormentor. The one who had done worse things to him than if he had ever imagined. The one who had shown him new dimensions of human cruelty.
"Azazel?" Came from far away, but it didn't get through to him. Black blood ran like honey over his pale skin and slowly dripped to the floor. He didn't notice.
"You don't have the slightest hint of what she did to me," came a whisper from his lips, but his gaze remained clouded and distant. But his words were carried away by total silence, so that they reached people's ears.
She who had been in his head and there was now no place in the world where he was safe from her. This realization made him despair. What use was all struggle if, despite her death, he would never be able to escape her?
A breeze blew through the hall, but she didn't have any Window. The breath became a gust, then another and another. Azazel's long hair whirled like pale flames in the ever increasing storm of his gift. Paper swirled from the tables and a loud rumble sounded from outside as if a thunderstorm was brewing. If they had had windows, they could have seen that it was. Clouds formed in a fraction of a second, piled up to form huge mountain landscapes and the sky darkened more and more.
But the polluter didn't notice any of this, he was too caught up in his own little world.
Azazel, whispered, and he grew paler than he already was. No, not this voice, not hers.
Come here, my child. No no no!
Come on, little Marzena.
This other voice, his voice, finally overflowed the barrel and with a shrill, painfully high scream, the world around it exploded into darkness. It slipped and could neither, nor did it want to prevent it.
A jerk went through Azazel's body and his hands slowly opened as a scary glow caught his eyes. People jumped up hastily now because they too had finally realized that their lives were in danger. And that made her act. Terrified eyes stared at the ghostly figure standing in the center of the storm, stiff and silent like a marble statue of a Roman god. A blast rushed through the room and threw the running people to the ground. Chairs toppled over and shattered as soon as they hit the floor. Their sharp-edged splinters rose into the air filled with showers and cut the faces of those who were so stupid as to want to flee. Azazel raged more and more as a gift and people tried desperately to cling to something so as not to get carried away.
"STOP IT! AZAZEL! STOP! “, Sari kaki’s voice roared against the storm, but it went down mercilessly in the noisy chaos around it and never reached the one it was aimed at. There was a deafening loud crack outside and a top class thunderstorm began to rage over the castle and its surroundings.
A thick piece of chair leg hit the man on the head and his eyes became hazy. The smell of his blood went with the already lavish perfume that filled the room, flattering Azazel's nose. A cruel smile appeared on his face and just as suddenly as the cyclone had appeared, it disappeared again. It became silent, absolutely silent. None of those present dared to breathe so as not to attract attention.
"Stop it, human? Is that what you want? ”Came out hissing between Azazel's bloodless lips and his eyes focused on the Sari kakis still lying on the ground.
Light as a feather, the heavy table made of solid wood flew through the air and crashed into the wall with a crash. A young woman began to cry quietly, sobbing with fear, and brought his mind back out of the spheres it had slipped into, for it was delicious music in Azazel's ears. It distracted him from his inner torment and it was good, everything that made it possible for him to silence these pictures, these memories, the voices in his head was good. A crooked smile graced his face and the madness burned in his eyes.
With an elegant-looking movement he raised his right arm and Sari kakis shot towards him as if pulled by a puppeteer's invisible threads. The man was gagging in the air in front of Azazel, so that his toes touched the ground, but not enough to support his weight. This rested entirely in Azazel's hand, but it did not touch the neck of the People, but hovered a finger's breadth in front of this. Only with the strength of his gift did Azazel hold the man in front of him and slowly but surely cut off his air, which was noticeable by the ever increasing wriggling and writhing of man.
"Azazel ... please ..." choked him with watery eyes, but Azazel knew no mercy, but squeezed it a little harder.
"Oh, now are you asking?"
"Stop it…"
"Do you think you know what pain is? Do you think you know what it's like to be helpless? Do you know what it is like when someone is in your head and the last place you can find refuge is forever denied to you? Do you know what it's like ?! ”, full of contempt, frustration and hatred, he looked into the panic of the man with red-hot eyes in front of him and brought his face very close to his so that they almost touched each other,“ You don't know anything, human being. You are fools to believe you can rule me if not even I can. Nature cannot be tamed, even if you may think so in your delusion. "
"What are you? Monster! ”Whispered a woman sitting on the floor, who only recognized Azazel as Masa's mother at second glance. Her eyes were full of fear and yet full of anger at his undisguised cruelty.
Careless as a toy that had become uninteresting, he flung Sari kakis to the side with a casual movement, which made it hit a man in the process of getting up, whereupon the two fell to the ground in a wild tangle of struggling limbs. With a flick of his finger, he forced the cheeky human on her knees and, without touching her, lifted her chin so that she was forced to meet his cold, scientifically distant curiosity. She was just an unworthy creature in his eyes "Monster? I? Do you actually know what you're saying, little human woman? “, He asked tonelessly
Fidgeting, she tried to escape his mental grip, but to no avail. In the far distance, Azazel can feel a human being trying to crawl away to the door, but without even looking he let his head hit the floor hard. A wave of fresh blood smell announced the result and he made no further attempt to escape. How should he have done that, passed out as he was now?
"Yes, you are a monster!" The woman replied violently, making him smile. How sweet. How blind. How stupid.
"I'm worse than any monster you think you know, Saori Kobayashi," he replied patiently, looking at her almost lovingly, "because a monster does what its nature tells it to do without being aware of the consequences it rages on an animal and is at the mercy of its instincts. It has no control over itself, but I ... “, he almost gently brushed a strand of hair out of her A. eyes that had come loose during their struggle against the invisible chains that bound them. With a panic on her face, she jerked away from his hand.
"I, on the other hand, know exactly what I'm doing, sweet Saori. I know it and I enjoy every moment of it. Nothing is nicer for me than to end the worthless life of those who thought they could own me, who believed they could seriously lock me up in this oppressive human form and tried to subjugate me. And I love to indulge in the agony in their eyes before they die the death they deserve. ”
The look of the human woman spoke volumes. A tremor ran through her body as he gently stroked her head.
"What are you?" Sari kaki’s croaky voice repeated tonelessly and the woman in front of Azazel ran tears down her pale cheeks. Azazel leisurely turned his head to the questioner, who was rubbing his throat with a face contorted with pain.
"Oh man, ask me something simpler," he replied with a melodramatic sigh. He grated the door, when another man tried to escape behind his back. You stay nice here.
"Neither man nor woman, neither man nor animal, neither death nor alive. In God's name, what are you ?! ”, he said desperately and his expression expressed what everyone in the room was thinking: why are you doing this to us?
A relaxed mood took possession of Azazel and he threw all restraint overboard and revealed himself without any ifs and buts, without thinking about what it would bring, because one day it had to be released, he had known that for a long time. Why shouldn't this day be today?
"I am what I am: a walking, breathing contradiction, a blasphemy of God and nature alike, the gray shadows in the corner of your eye, which you never really know and yet know that it is there. Why is it so important to you to know what you are dealing with? Am I destroying your beautiful, well-shaped little world, which you have created to bring light into the dark and to create order out of chaos? Let me tell you one thing, humans: you will lose this fight because you never had a chance to win. Because from the day you are born, you die, but the world keeps going and going and going. Who cares if you submit to the world, if you force your oh so great civilization on? Time will always defeat you in the end. " With these words, Azazel rekindled the storm and
Splinters of wood whirled through the air, sharp as daggers. Scared screams roared through the ruined hall and his heart grew light. He could end it. Here and now. All of their lives were in his hands and he could do whatever he liked with them. Just like in the good old days. A wistful smile settled on his features for a moment. Why did all the beautiful moments have to pass so quickly?
A particularly sharp piece of wood whistled towards Masa's mother, but only millimeters from her who was torn to death. He stopped his eyes vibrating in the air, because there was a soft child's voice:
"Azazel? What are you doing?"
His heart skipped a moment. How did Masa get in here? The doors were locked, weren't they? What was he doing here ?! He just broke with the only allies he still had. Merde. Cursed shit !!! What was he thinking? How could he have let himself go like this? What had he done? His core froze when he became aware of the consequences of his emotional actions.
"I ...", he started, but was interrupted.
"Masa?"
"Mom?", The child looked with wide eyes between Azazel and his mother. This did what every mother would do and destroyed everything that connected Azazel with the little human child, his bright point of light in this dark human world.
"Run, Masa, run! Get yourself to safety! You're welcome! Quickly! ”, She called to her child in panic in the voice in Japanese, but Azazel understood this language too. How he would not have liked to understand her at that moment.
"She is right. Go Get out! ”He turned to the confused Masa and almost hissed the last word. The little man took a few steps back anxiously and something in his eyes made Azazel's heart contract painfully.
"But, but ... you're a Jedi Knight! One of the good guys! ”Azazel was silent and closed his heart to his burgeoning shield feelings. Sometimes he wished he had none. It would make it much more bearable now.
"Master Azazel! Say what! You're one of the good guys, aren't you? "
But Azazel was still unable to respond without his voice choking. It hurt so bad to lose Masa, but this little man had veered the truth serves. His teaching to him, as he had once promised him in Palermo.
"No, Masa," he said tonelessly, and with each syllable his words grew colder, "Sometimes nothing is what it seems. Life sometimes goes on winding paths and you don't know where it takes you. Do you remember what I told you that night in Palermo? ”His eyes were now cold as ice and his heart was just an insensitive lump of flesh in his chest. The child nodded with tears in his eyes.
"I told you to take what they want to hurt you with, what they say to you and build a shield out of it, right? It should make you stronger than they would ever be. That was my words. ”He smiled sadly down at his little student.
"But I didn't tell you one thing. It is my last gift to you, even if you may not understand it immediately, one day when you are tall you will understand: do not get lost in your shield, do not merge with it. You are not what others say to you, only you know what you really are among all the masks. And want to be. "
In the burgeoning silence the crunch of the door sounded like a bang when he pushed it open with his gift and fled from the room without looking back. Without looking, he knocked down the soldier who came up to him and started running. He only noticed where his legs were carrying when he was there. High above the ground on the battlements of the castle.
Gleaming brightness made his eyelids narrow, for the clouds he had conjured up had long since vanished. With a graceful jump he was on the broad stone railing and let his gaze wander over the beautiful gardens of the Château de Brézé. But inside it remained cold and dull. The sun burned down on him mercilessly, but he didn't care that it burned him. He didn't care about anything. It was only when he heard footsteps behind him that he woke up from his lethargy. It was time to say goodbye.
"Come back Azazel! Otherwise you will fall! ”Called a voice behind him, which he also identified as Sari kakis.
"And if so?" He murmured so softly that only he could hear it, "I wouldn't die anyway."
And so he spread his arms and let himself fall forward into the dizzying depth.
"No!" He heard it screeching behind him, but the gripping hands reached into the void.
Azazel fell and fell. And with a jerk he unfolded his huge wings and abruptly slowed down the free fall. With a few strong beats of the wing he shot up, always along the wall and as he climbed over the battlements of the castle, Azazel and Sari kakis suddenly faced each other. But Azazel only had eyes for Masa, who stared at him in amazement just like everyone else. This moment lasted only briefly, but it seemed to Azazel like a little eternity.
Bye Masa, he whispered in his head and grew smaller and smaller under the stunned looks of the assembled people until he disappeared behind the horizon.
Sari kakis' eyes began to glitter dangerously and a well-known greed took hold of him. Everything he had suspected had been confirmed and so much more had been revealed to him. And he also knew exactly where he would find this strange bird. His smile would have rivaled any ice-cream smile in Azazel's competition, but he didn't see it. He was gone.
Somewhere in the Königshain mountains, Saxony, Germany, October 05, 4:31 a.m.
The shaggy wolf dog greeted Azazel with a loud growl as he emerged silently from the shadows and gracefully stepped across the moonlit square in front of the cave, in which the pack had been hiding for several days. The growl grew deeper and more menacing as the wolf flashed his teeth out between his lips and stood protectively in front of the entrance to his refuge. Something was moving behind him Darkness and several pairs of glowing eyes watched suspiciously the slightest movement of the uninvited guest.
But he could not be disturbed, but crouched a few meters away from the leader. They had faced each other a few times before, but they had never become friends, although Azazel had always given the wolves the meat of its prey. They resembled each other too much, the distrust was too deep. The beasts silently looked into each other's eyes, two predators, and in their unique way absolutely deadly. Thick clouds obscured the moon's radiant face for a few seconds, and a somehow definite darkness fell over the two staring people, who bound each other with eyes.
Gently and very slowly, Azazel slipped his hand under his shirt, which was meanwhile torn. The male pulled away suspiciously. Then a fine wine made him raise his ears in astonishment, which came from the bright ball of fur in Azazel's hands. The wolf suddenly recognized the smell of his first-born son, which was overlaid by the stench of the unknown. He growled again loudly and sneaked towards Azazel with a threatening fur to save his child from his arms, which he found stuck in a crevice, which luckily must have got caught in the fall and could be freed from his predicament by him .
Azazel was still sitting calmly in the clearing and now gently laid the wolf cub in front of him. Without paying any attention to the dangerously close wolf, he got up and turned. As silently as he had come, he disappeared into the blackness of the night forest again. The clouds released the pale light of the moon again and it became incredibly bright on the square. With a few quick jumps, the little girl, the mother of the little one, was with him and carefully took the fragile piece of life between her razor-sharp fangs to be his immediately.
To drag siblings back, anxiously waiting for their return behind their uncles and aunts.
Her husband stared into the darkness in which Azazel had vanished and seemed almost thoughtful. An almost warning sound made him turn his attention back to his pack and after a quick look back over his shoulder, he also disappeared into the cave.
Azazel watched all this through his mind interwoven with the lives around him, while his body lay there lifeless and the sleep of the just slept. More and more often, he literally saved himself in this peaceful state of trance, somewhere between awake and sleeping. Relaxed and somehow indifferent, he watched the life around him as it swelled and disappeared and then came back in a mesmerizing circle of becoming and passing away.
Nobody could harm him in this place, not even his memories. Why hadn't he done it much earlier? Immerse yourself in the life boiling around him and quietly observe and enjoy? Sometimes he wished he didn't have to reappear in the bleak, bleak reality in which every sound, every movement in the corner of his eye made him tick out in fear that people would have found him again. He became more terrified every day and stayed in the same place for less than five minutes. So it was a small miracle that he had been waiting in this little forest for so long, although the closeness to the people made him extremely nervous and his nerves were constantly tense.
The longer he lingered in the wilderness, the quieter the thoughts that pushed him into the human world, the feeling of revenge faded and when he was awake, his whole being became more and more like the untamed nature around him at; the masks fell, one by one. He had been silent for a long time. Who should he have spoken to? Nobody was here. And it was a good thing.
Once again, his growling stomach brought him back to reality and Azazel opened his eyes in confusion and irritation at the disturbance of his beautiful waking dreams. The sun was just going down. He jumped to his feet quickly, but the world around him began to spin and he had to cling to the rough trunk of the spruce tree next to him for a few moments, his sharp fingernails blowing off large chunks of the dry bark. His throat felt dry and he had to cough. It was almost as if dust was covering his body and was now dancing through the air in fine clouds with his every move. Weakness dragged through his body and he slid down the tree with his back. Why was he so weak? Hadn't he eaten anything until yesterday? Or? He looked around with tired eyes.
The leaves of the trees, weren't they there yesterday? Where did they go? Couldn't they have fallen off so quickly - within a day? So what had happened? A new wave of hunger flashed through his body, causing him to bend into a ball of pain. He was so hungry, he had to eat something! Any thought of the leaves was forgotten and He took the lead. Azazel himself retreated into the background of his consciousness, he was still at the central gear lever, but happy to let someone who knew what to do be in control. His body lifted himself shakily, and he moved up the hill with an elegance that was out of this world, his feet not making a sound in the dry leaves on the ground. An e The wind blew his long hair from his face and the animal glow in his eyes was visible. At that moment nothing reminded of the well-educated, civilized Azazel that people knew. Now they would get to know his other, dark, well-hidden side.
It started snowing, but he didn't notice it, for he had picked up the seductive weather of a young roebuck, the blood of which hopefully fed his excruciating hunger would breastfeed. Branches and twigs slapped his face and thorns pierced his calves, but he simply ignored it. With his teeth slightly bared, he crawled up the slope behind which the animal was hiding. Slowly and tense, careful not to make a mistake, he worked his way up piece by piece and could finally overlook it.
The deer's head jerked up at that very moment and for a split second they looked into each other's eyes. Then everything went incredibly quickly. Azazel lurched across the crest of the hill with a vigorous leap, but his left leg suddenly gave way under the weight of his body and he toppled over, because under the foliage there had been a hollow that he had unfortunately stepped into. His hands narrowly missed his prey, which screamed away with a startled squeak. With an angry hiss he got up and went after her. The young goat tried to escape his fate with daring jumps and insane turning maneuvers, and Azazel had to do well to stay with it, because branches knocked in his face and blocked his view. The wind was picking up more and more and the snowfall was getting heavier. Soon a fine layer of powdery white covered the landscape and made the earth slippery.
Breathing violently, Azazel approached the deer, which luckily seemed to have injured himself in a jump, because the limping was increasing and his lead visibly shrank. But suddenly he felt several large creatures storming from behind him on the right, but before he could react, the slender bodies of the wolves broke out of the thicket and whizzed around him. Confused, he hesitated for a breath because the situation was unclear to him. Did they attack him or ...? No! Much worse, they tore up his meal. Annoyed by his slow reaction from the lack of nutrients, he hurried after the wolf pack and turned the corner as the deer block's miserable cry of pain echoed through the stormy night. Damn it! It was too late.
A well-known growl came to his ear and he looked from eye to eye with the big wolf dog he had brought his son back to. With ruffled neck fur, he stood in front of the buck moaning in pain, surrounded by his subordinates, all ready to defend the rare meat against Azazel. Involuntarily, Azazel hissed and bared his teeth. Nobody just stole his food, no matter if human or animal! Then doubts came over him. Fighting a hungry wolf pack was one of the things he didn't want to do a second time in his life because the first time he had vivid memories. His chances of winning were relatively poor, and even if he won, he would be substantial and weakened by the injuries for a long time. It wasn't worth it, even if his revolting stomach said otherwise.
Slowly and carefully, not to make any hectic movements, he retreated step by step, never taking his eyes off the leader. He watched Azazel's retreat suspiciously. As soon as he was far enough away, Azazel turned and stalked away disappointed. Biting winds shook him and, irritated, wiped the snow from his eyes. Wait a minute, snow ?! It had just been early autumn! Was it an early onset of winter now? Tired and dim with exhaustion, he settled on the next best fallen tree trunk and hid his face in his hands. Snow in autumn, unusual, but it could happen. But somehow he couldn't get rid of the feeling that he was missing something crucial ... What if it was really winter by now? The idea startled him because it would mean that he had been in his dream trance for over a month without realizing it! That could not be, something like this had never happened to him and would never happen to him! He nervously ran his fingers through his hair and was almost shocked to death (the irony was well aware) when something warm nudged his waist briefly.
He whirled around ready to attack and looked straight into the sparkling eyes of the wolf pack's wolf. Without staring, he stared he turned on and she looked back. What did she want? Fight? Azazel cocked his head thoughtfully. No, it wasn't. He hesitated for a heartbeat, should he dare? Then he simply did what his instinct told him and gently touched her spirit with his. The wolf's ears twitched slightly, but otherwise she remained totally calm. Amazing.
He asked her what she wanted, avoiding man-made language because the animals didn't understand it anyway. It was more of a diffuse mix of feelings and images that he sent to the female wolf. The latter replied with the feeling that he should follow her.
More astonished than suspicious, he fulfilled her wish and stood up. The she-wolf immediately trotted back to where Azazel had come from. He followed her with a frown. What would it be?
There was an uncanny silence over the wolf pack that sat at some distance around the doe that was doomed to death and eyed the newcomers with suspicion. Azazel stopped uneasily. He didn't understand. The she-wolf next to him nudged him lightly and then sat next to the male, who still seemed visibly aggressive. Then Azazel understood.
Slowly, so as not to scare the animals and possibly not provoke a fight, he stepped towards the roebuck, which was breathing only weakly, and knelt beside him. Almost gently, he took the animal's head in his hands and turned it away from him, leaving the neck unprotected in front of him. Now he couldn't hold back his inner animal. Greedily he bit into the deer's carotid artery and so unimaginably sparkling blood poured into his mouth. A tremor ran through his core as he drank and the goat died in his arms. Gratitude filled him, but he knew there was no point in showing it to the wolves. They helped him because he had helped them and they hoped to continue working together. And not out of mercy and compassion, as people might think. These senseless, human thoughts fell silent as he submitted to his animal side and there was only the urge to eat.
The wolves around him waited impatiently for him to empty the carcass down to the last drop of blood. Then it was their turn and then there was no stopping them. Azazel pondered and sat down on a nearby tree and enjoyed the spectacle that presented itself: untamed, free predators.
Would he be allowed to be like that again one day?
Somewhere in the Königshain mountains, Saxony, Germany, October 22, 11:01 p.m.
Azazel sucked the icy air deep into his lungs as he started to leap over a tree trunk. They had dared to enter his empire and to desecrate it. People. Just the thought of what they were doing to his now-loved forest made him tremble with anger and a growl escaped his throat. Monster. Beasts. Killer. They did what they liked, killed without meaning or reason, destroyed and left devastation no matter where they stayed. But not here. Not in his forest. A shot broke through the paralyzed silence of the night and a howl sounded that went through his bones. Crouched, he landed on his feet and accelerated again. He couldn't be late.
Then he saw him. The people. There was a certain smile on his face and he held his old-fashioned hunting rifle safely in his hands. With visible practice, it unlocked and put on again.
"This time I'll get you, Wolf!" The man murmured into his scruffy beard and narrowed his eyes to be able to aim better.
The smell of blood struck Azazel now, but it seemed to be from a far distance. No, not! Not his wolves! Hate flared up more than ever. Violent wind started angrily at the Ripping trees as if trying to snatch them from the earth. And thunder rumbled in the sky as his hands clenched into fists only to form their claws as he climbed the last few yards to the human monster and wrapped his fingers around the barrel of the gun. Just in time, because just then the bearded man fired them.
The shot flew into the crown of the next best tree and a few branches rustled to the ground. The man looked puzzled, but saw nothing but glowing red eyes and deep hatred, for the night grew darker. Darker than it actually seemed possible. With a violent jerk Azazel tore the rifle and the still paralyzed man just let it go. His eyes widened when he understood the serious mistake he had made. But now it was too late. Now it was time to atone for his sins.
Azazel lunged at him with bared teeth and rammed his needle-pointed teeth deep into the man's tough flesh nest. A loud scream escaped the man and it sounded like music in Azazel's ears. Now his will to survive finally awoke and he began to struggle around like crazy.
"Let go of me !!!", the man shouted, but it was of no use to him. Because Azazel did not even think about letting go, but bit his victim's throat powerfully.
With a violent head movement he tore at the man's neck and with a disgusting ratchet it detached itself from the bones. He hurled it through the air in a high arc and hit the ground with a nauseating, dull thud. Lightning tore the deep blackness around Azazel and for a split second it was almost daylight. The blood shimmered in a beguiling dark red on his white skin and his pale hair covered his face like a silky waterfall.
Suddenly there was another shot and something tore him away from the body in his arms. Biting pain cut his shoulder and a mixture of painful groans and furious hiss escaped his full lips. Another Gunshots echoed loudly through the forest and he felt the bullet pierce his chest, just next to his heart, and then emerge from his back. Stumbling and rowing with his arms, he tried to keep his balance while blood gushed into his lungs and slowly took his breath away. Several people now appeared in his field of vision, which he had previously registered marginally, but who had been too absorbed in his anger to give them the necessary attention. The sight of him only made him more hateful and the agony in his body faded to an insignificant background noise in his mind.
Blood dripped from his wounds like syrup as he made the all-important jump, but at that moment several shadows hissed through the air around him and people started to scream. With a crude smile, Azazel watched the pack of wolves pounce on them and begin the slaughter. Men and women fought wildly, but they had no chance against the combined strength of nature. Senseless shots crashed through the air, but always missed their target. Casually, as if chasing away flies and no deadly bullets, Azazel waved his hand to distract the ricochets as he leisurely walked toward the fray.
His eyes closed and his whole posture was relaxed. With his lips slightly open, he turned his head to the night sky and the clouds disappeared, releasing the almost perfect full moon, the silvery light of which immersed the unreal scene in a cold light. Tough shadows danced across his face and, at the same time, people's hearts stopped beating when he told them to. The last deathly thump of the foolish people who thought they could just get in and kill here sounded like a single man. No, not here. In his forest. A loud cough shook his body as the half-coagulated blood pushed his way out of his body. Lost in thought, he wiped his hand over his mouth, unwittingly mixing his blood with that of man.
With a smile he heard a loud engine roar behind him and a car squeaky stop. The wolves came up to him and started to growl. Amazing. So you had become companions after all? Exhilarated, he turned to the new guests, who poured out of the vehicle and spread around it. He paid particular attention to a human woman. Her hair stood tangled and like a halo around her head and seemed to shine from the inside in the white moonlight.
"Good evening Azazel," she said softly, but her words, thrown so lightly, contrasted sharply with the heavily armed mercenaries around her. A last drop of black blood spilled from his deep chest wound as it finally closed.
"Good evening, Ms. Ellen Heikkinen," he replied, and was a little surprised at how smooth the human sounds came from his lips, since he had never spoken recently.
There was silence between them and Azazel waited patiently for what she would say. Did she want to convince him once again to save the world of men? In the meantime, he had given up on this project because it was hopeless if the people did not change fundamentally. And since that would apparently never happen, why should he waste his energy senselessly on it? Then he knew better to do with his time. For example, hunting. Although, he could use a little snack again.
His newfound wolf companions slowly began to paw in the dirt with impatience. Au he slowly wanted to know what the professor wanted from him. But he would do the devil and ask her first! His damned pride didn't allow that. Quiet, he sent the wolves around him. An eagle owl screamed far away.
The silence spread to infinity as a man stepped out of the shadows of the car. Azazel had to suppress an angry hiss. Sari kakis. He. What was he doing here and then together with the profession? Then he remembered: they had been working together for a long time. Always if he could remember correctly. But actually he didn't want to think about it. Because these thoughts would inevitably end with her and he felt no desire to be overwhelmed again by the memories that he had laboriously pushed out of his memory the last time. A well-known, fuzzy feeling took hold of him and he knew only too well what would happen if he couldn't distract himself. So he pounced on his anger towards the two people. The wolves noticed the change of feeling in Azazel and began to growl again and bared their teeth.
"What do you want here? Haven't you done enough to me already?
Disappear! “, He hissed at the unpleasant visitors and he exuded such hatred that people unwittingly backed away from the murderously looking, dead-white figure with the glowing, red eyes.
"Azazel, please come back. Our job is not yet over, ”the white-haired human woman replied calmly and took a step forward. This instinctively backed away.
"No."
It was just a simple little word, just four letters, almost whispered. But they contained everything he wanted to hurl in her face. All the pain he still had in him, all the hatred, the bottomless anger, all the fear and the never ending agony deep in his soul.
"How no? You made a promise, literally made a pact with me! You can't just not get anything from me and then defiantly close your eyes to reality like a small child if it catches up with you anyway! ”Sari kakis interjected and the professor paled. How stupid could you actually be?
With a cruel smile he snapped his fingers and the soldiers fell dead to the ground. Her neck was broken and her eyes stared blankly into the distance, her hands still clasped around the useless weapons. He actually preferred the honest, hard fight, killing hand-to-hand for the fun of it. But sometimes people didn't deserve this honor.
"And who are you to want to force me, human?"
With predatory, graceful movement, he approached the two people frozen in shock and suddenly understood why he no longer had to be afraid of her. She was only human and humans could die. They were meant for that. Only if she died by his hand and he saw her death with his own eyes would he be free at some point. Hiding would numb the pain, but it would never relieve it. He would always be there, a dark mark on his soul. He had to cut it - her - out, deeply and thoroughly, with a knife so sharp that it could split a hair.
As Sari kakis' hand moved close to his waistband to the weapon attached to it, his displeasure increased and more annoyed than angry Azazel grabbed his mind and let him feel a brief snippet of the magnificence of the pain he had accumulated in his long life had experienced. But he did not allow him to scream, only a small whimper filled the air as the man rolled on the floor with a pained face and no longer looked like the arrogant chunk that he usually kept hanging out. The professor, who had once been almost a mother to him, stood pale as a chalk, staring traumatized at the panting Sari kakis next to her.
The smile that graced his face was colder than ice and something flashed in his eyes without a name, but it made people shudder to the core and would pursue them in their sleep until the end of their days. With a last breath of his spirit, he said goodbye to his wolves, which almost disappeared into the thick undergrowth of the forest. Who could blame them? He would rather the world now than later turning his back on people, but before that he had one last thing to do. Then he would be free.
With zest for action, he climbed over the corpses at his feet and opened the door of the car. The blank eyes of people followed his movements and amused him.
"Come on, we have work to do," he said in a tone that did not tolerate a contradiction.
Like two beaten dogs, they followed his command and climbed into the car, neither of whom dared to meet his eyes. As they drove silently across the empty country roads of the eastern German province, Azazel looked amused and also a little wistfully smiling from the open window and looked up at the sky where people would see thousands of stars that night. He was just black for him.

Chapter 19
Somewhere near Strasbourg, October 26, 00:01 a.m.
Once again he wondered if he was completely insane now as he sullenly writhed through the narrow metal corridor that would take him down to hell. His own, very personal hell. Something slippery slipped under his hand and a few drops of a liquid he didn't want to know what it was about ended up in his hair. He made a disgusted face. Why was he doing this again exactly? Why didn't he take the obvious and, above all, much easier route through the main gate into his old prison? She knew anyway that he would show up here sooner or later and would be armed.
With a sigh, he continued to work his way forward. Why had he let the professor beat him up for this? She also had to know that there was no point in hiding and operating in the dark. Well, the main entrance would probably be blocked by debris if no one had bothered to clear up after the explosion and its spectacular escape. Again he almost slipped on something slimy. It didn't look like someone had been swinging the broom here lately.
Annoyed, he blew a strand of hair from his eyes that had stolen from his braid and concentrated entirely on his next steps. With a slight movement of his eyebrow, the grille in a high arc flew through the air in front of him, taking with him all the pieces of metal that he had stacked in front of him during his hasty escape. It felt like a century ago, but only three years had passed. Years that had changed him more than all the centuries before. He no longer knew who or what he was. But now he just didn't care anymore, because he had given up the unconscious search for the deeper meaning of his abilities and his unwanted immortality. The last, thin, silk thread that tied him to the human world was tense and her death would be the blade that cut him and finally freed Azazel from his senseless human existence on this little planet. Did gods feel like that when they were born?
A derogatory grin settled on his haggard features and it flashed dangerously in his eyes. Pah, a god. What did he want with divinity if he could have all the life in the world? Even if he sometimes didn't understand his own thoughts, he knew that a serious change was coming and that he would die in one way or another. But what would he be reborn as? He didn't know, but he wasn't afraid. Because he didn't think the future could be worse than the past. Was he right?
With a relieved groan, he crawled out of the narrow duct and stretched extensively. Somehow, he was in a good mood when he looked at the crumbled remains of his lackey named Cristiano, although every stone had to remind him of the pain he had suffered here. Another sign that he was getting closer to absolute madness. But it no longer affected him, because madness had always been his reality. This knowledge came to him during his months of trance when he watched a drowned squirrel decay. It had started insane when he got infected. And so it would end in madness. Wasn't craziness just a matter of opinion? It would have been really surprising if he hadn't lost his mind in all the millennia, hadn't it?
"What are you waiting for? Or do you like the shaft so well that you don't want to get out anymore? ”Azazel teased the soldiers who still waiting in the shaft behind him. Another precaution, but this time on the part of Sari kaki. As if Azazel could not cope with what was to come. But he should have his will, after all, Azazel was a well-behaved monster.
The veiled faces behind the scarves and special glasses, which allowed people as well as him to see in the dark, showed no reaction to his words and he just rolled his eyes. Was it already forbidden to take the matter with humor? Was a smile too much to ask? Guns were loaded and unlocked. Apparently the fun was over. His bad joke put a smile on Azazel's lips for a moment. Then it's not possible.
He turned silently and with a light finger press opened the rusted door, which crashed forward and whirled up a fat cloud of dust from the floor. He could get people there felt himself wince as the loud bang echoed through the darkness. Oops, he had completely forgotten that. You didn't want to attract attention. How pointless if everyone knew they were here anyway?
With a bored expression on his face, he stepped out of the room into the abandoned corridor and searched the surroundings with his mind in a split second. Nothing. Only the poor fools behind him, who effortlessly scurried out the door and secured the area with their weapons out. With difficulty he suppressed an exasperated groan. If they really wanted to remain undetected, they urgently had to lower their noise level, because in the tomb-like silence underground you could hear every whisper for miles.
"What now?" Asked the leader, Freya Erikson - or what he called the woman from Rome - quietly. To her astonishment, Azazel just shrugged.
"Like right now?! Please say that you have a plan! ”Came the struggling Kristóf Bartok, who always accompanied the woman like a shadow. 
An angry expression flew over Azazel's face, too fast for any of the people to notice because he had never offered the man to you. Yes, he was petty about such things.
"I hoped that enlightenment would overtake me as soon as I was here," Azazel's eyes wandered thoughtfully across the barren corridor, "But apparently that's not the case."
He didn't know exactly why he had returned. He remembered Susann Black's words: Go back to where it all started, Azazel. Then you will understand. Maybe soon everything would make sense. All the madness and chaos that surrounded him. Or maybe not. No matter as long as he found the one who was still holding him in chains and who could finally kill him.
"Say, what kind of sick game are you playing with us ?! We- ”, Kristóf started to complain as always, totally uncontrolled. But before he could put himself in more serious danger, Lukas Nowak, the pockmarked man who had chatted with Azazel in Cordoba on the tower of the Mezquita before Azazel killed Zorzi's daughter, cut off Kristóf's words:
"I would suggest we split up until we find something that helps us."
"Yes, exactly like in a low budget horror movie. And then each of us dies one after the other and only the pretty virgin survives. Great idea, really great! ”Etched his undisguised brother, Matthias Nowak, whom Azazel knew from Ireland when he and Sari kakis had appeared there for a negotiation.
"Do you have a better idea ?! Then say it calmly! ”, Lukas replied violently in his mother tongue, German, and turned angrily to his brother.
"Now don't act so arrogantly! If I remember correctly, it's your fault that we're stuck here with this crazy mass murderer! You really wanted to save the world from the oh so evil undead that Akthar is said to have created! ”He hissed back and his brother Lukas paled, but remained silent and looked anxiously to the ground, because he had remembered boiling hot that Azazel understood German very well.
"What is?! Speechless? If you don't know you at all, ”his brother rushed on, but the insult was never pronounced, since Freya intervened:
"Quiet now! If nobody knew about our presence before, then now at the latest! So, Azazel, what do you mean ...? Azazel? ”Stunned, her eyes scanned the empty, dusty hallway, but the searched man seemed to have vanished.
He had sneaked away unnoticed by the people, because where he was going now he wanted to be alone. Only he and the scars of the past. With a silent laugh on his lips, he turned his mind back to what lay ahead, while the people who stayed behind became panicked like chickens and blamed each other for the misery they were now in. Because unlike Azazel, they didn't know what they were looking for.
Somewhere near Strasbourg, October 26, 12:16 a.m.
Water kept dripping on the floor some distance away. Splash, splash, splash. Annoying, but somehow also somehow soothing. Splash, splash, splash. Slowly and without haste, he strode down the aisle where he had sworn never to return. To the place of his death and now his rebirth? Who knew what the future would bring ... Splash, splash, splash.
Without paying much attention to his surroundings, he walked the desolate corridors full of rubble, mold and decay. They hadn't even bothered to clear away the bodies, where they were otherwise so fixated on death. But who was he to question people's actions? Or maybe it was simply because the building collapsed threatened and de Staying in here was deadly madness. He shrugged amused.
But the joy left him when he saw the huge mountain of debris and pale bones through the big hole in the ground that showed him the way better than a map could ever have. His gaze wandered briefly to the heavily dented door at the end of the corridor and impatiently repressed the memory of the moment when his inner animal had seized his hunger-weakened mind. However, the unrest could not be dispelled and spread inside him. He concentrated on the treacherous descent by clinging to the metal bars that protruded from the ground and carefully tested the strength of the concrete hill with his dangling feet.
It was not there. The crunching sound reverberated in the silence as a few stones slipped away and the cavity hidden beneath imploded. Startled, he pulled himself up and crouched on the edge of the abyss. Excited to the extreme, he gritted his teeth and listened to the darkness with a frown. He held his breath for a moment! Or? What if someone was listening? Nothing. But the silence was perfect except for the constant dripping of the water and there was no heartbeat nearby. There was nothing here except him. And the dead. A smile crossed his face. Well, then plan B had to serve.
Azazel scratched his entire concentration and closed his eyes. Gently, very gently, he started pushing himself off the floor with his gift. He pushed himself away more and more and swayed he began to hover. His breath quickened as he maneuvered through the hole in the floor, being careful to push himself away from the metal bars enough to keep them from piercing him. He had neither the time nor the nerve for that. If he had been able to sweat, fine beads of sweat would have appeared on his forehead in the face of the increasing effort. He stretched out his legs on the last bits and spread his wings. He jerked his gift fell silent and almost silently cushioned the last meters of the now free fall and came up just before the mountain. Without turning around again, he strode on and only his heavy breathing revealed that it had taken some strength to accomplish this feat.
The repressed restlessness began to return and I knotted his stomach into a painful lump. His heart was pounding violently as he turned to the right and stared at the dented door. Time seemed to stand still for a moment and Azazel did not know whether he was in the past or the present, because the memories interweaved in his agitated interior with the impressions before his eyes. A circle repeating itself over and over, nothing more and nothing less. Mastered with difficulty, he shook his head and pushed aside his emotions threatening to boil over. That was why he hadn't come here.
With a jerk and an unpleasant squeak that went through his legs and made Azazel grimace, he pushed the door open and entered his old cage. Nothing had changed. Everything was still in its old place, as he remembered it all too well. Not that he expected anything to change, just ... yes, what did he expect? Brooding, he went to the bed and ran his fingers gently over the decomposing fabric, while his red eyes slid over the destroyed cupboards and screens on the walls. Everything seemed so familiar and yet he felt like a stranger, no more like an intruder. For a long time, his eyes were on a still intact syringe at his feet. He let out an amused snort, amused by his own thoughts. But what he was looking for was not here, he was slowly becoming aware of it. Why was he here? Just to look for facts that helped him hunt for them? Rather not. Rather, to see again why he had to leave the human world behind, since a small part that simply cannot be silenced still does not wanted to see, he finally admitted grinding his teeth.
He turned again and walked slowly towards the door, but suddenly stopped as if he had run into an invisible sign. There, on the wall behind the foot of the bed, was another door. Why hadn't he noticed her then ?! Where did it lead? At the same moment Azazel wondered if he really wanted to know, but his subconscious seemed to have other plans for him. Without making a sound on the papers scattered on the floor, he approached her, ready to flee at any time as soon as something attacked him that might be lurking behind it. With a slight hesitation, he made a long dagger appear in HIM from his left hand and put his hand on the metal of the door. Now or never!
The door was pushed open with momentum and the grip of his hand around the weapon tightened as he listened to the blackness. All he felt was emptiness. Nevertheless, Azazel remained suspicious as he sneaked down the dust-covered hallway, ready to ward off an attack at any time. At the end, a new door was waiting to be opened. But behind it only a new corridor was revealed without any doors or branches. He just went straight to another gate, bigger than the last door and made up of two wings. Where had he ended up here? A kind of secret passage? But he immediately rejected this ridiculous thought. The entrance was clearly too badly hidden for that. Even a blind man could have found him.
And why should he be afraid? So far everything that he had been through had made him stronger, he tried to talk himself into it with moderate success when he approached the door again and wanted to push it open. Astonished, he took a step back and examined the smooth material in front of him with renewed interest. It did not work. A slight annoyance spread through him. He was now don't get that far just to let a door hold you up!
With a deafening clatter the door flew out of the Fishing and kissing the ground with a crash. A lot of dust whirled through the air as Azazel entered, his face pinched. The noise was suddenly forgotten when he discovered the table covered with a sheet, a movable lamp above it, and a table on wheels, also covered, next to it. He blanched and trembled to cling to the door frame to keep from falling to his knees. A subtle sound that sounded suspiciously like a whimper escaped from his compressed lips and he had to hide his face in his hands for a brief moment. He breathed in and out, in and out, in and out. Because the memories of all the horror that he had experienced threatened to overwhelm him. With and especially through him, the doctor.
He had long since stopped screaming because even though he could not move his vocal cords, he felt his throat become rough and dry. For the people, dumb and motionless, he lay on his stomach, his face pressed into the towels, and felt more helpless and humiliated than he had in a long time.
"Scalpel", demanded the doctor's voice and invisible tears ran down Azazel's paralyzed face. No, no, no, he had said just two minutes ago that he was done!
"Some solution please."
An almost unbearable burn spread between his shoulder blades, where his skin had been removed to expose the muscles that previously allowed him to move his wings. But not now since they held him in his body. The silver solution ate away the newly formed connective tissue, so that man still had free access to his inner being.
Then the knife was put on again and sharp pain flicked through him.
"So that we would have. Now the needle electrodes please. "
Needles? That couldn't be a good thing. This is how Jesus must have felt on the cross when they hammered rusty nails into his flesh was the only thought Azazel was able to do when metal - silver - pierced his exposed nerves and muscles
"Let's try three Hertz first."
Something clicked and the ignorance of what would happen next brought Azazel back to tears. Please not, please not ... As if by magic, his muscles twitched and his wings, which were spread out and fastened with hooks and ropes to the walls, twitched briefly upwards. What the hell…?
"Ah, well, it works. As I thought. ”The doctor sounded very complacent, but Azazel was too exhausted from the painful procedure to get excited.
"Then please again at ten Hertz." His wings twitched again, it seemed stronger to him. And clearly more painful.
"Well that's wonderful. Then we can finally start now. "
WHAT??? Kick off? Azazel sobbed to his despair and cried uncontrollably. There was a rustle and several assistants scurried around Azazel. But he hardly noticed it in his world of desolation and excruciating expectation.
"Okay, everything is ready so far."
"Here also."
"Great, let's go!"
For a moment, nothing happened and Azazel's foolish heart began to hope. Maybe it was already over ...? But life was cruel and Azazel was experiencing that again.
His muscles started slowly and gently, then more and more violently and twitch his mighty wings. And the pain associated with it also increased to a crescendo of agony and soon reached unprecedented heights. The flapping of his wings became more violent and the wind caused the blankets on the tables to rustle softly. But Azazel didn't notice any of this. Because now he couldn't hold back and screamed out his pain, deafeningly loud, but nobody heard him, just himself. These screams no longer sounded human, not even animal, but like broken glass and tearing iron, howling storm and that Scratching fingernails on the board at the same time.
"Funny isn't it?", He heard the doctor's voice in the distance, "It reminds me somehow of those wooden figures for children that could previously be bought at fairs. What was the name of them? Hm ... Oh, jumping jack! Or?"
"Right, you are right! Aren't there even versions of it that you hang up and where you can pull on a rope below and then the wings of the seagull or whatever move? "
Meanwhile, the pain had gotten stronger again, which Azazel would never have thought possible. And he didn't know what made it worse: that he couldn't express his anguish or that people were enjoying himself while he was experiencing nameless agony.
"How much Hertz are we at right now?" Asked someone.
"Wait, at, um, forty-nine."
"Well, we'll do up to a hundred and then a repeat measurement of our jumping jack," the doctor decided with a chuckling laugh and a giggle filled the room.
Azazel's blood froze at the words and he had wished again and again that he could simply lose consciousness. But his mind did not do him this favor.
"Oh, before I forget: Carolin, do you do the evaluation of the electromyogram? Please pay particular attention to the strength that the muscle is capable of and when exactly the tetanus begins. "
"It's a pleasure."
"Do you feel it again and again as if it only happened yesterday?" Asked a well-known voice behind him and with a subtle nod, but without turning to Susann Black, he stepped between the cloth-covered tables and raised his hand gently .
She was trembling. He touched the sheet with an unreadable expression. It felt cold and rough. Just like in his memory. Shuddering, he turned away and his eyes stayed on the small side table. With a fine gesture, he let the fabric that covered it slide down. He couldn't bring himself to touch him. He didn't want to feel it anymore, he just wanted to forget. But how should he be able to do that? It was a fallacy to believe that time would heal all wounds. You only got used to the pain, but it never went away again.
The scarf released scalpels and tweezers of various shapes and sizes that remained untouched by time. Behind him the human woman drew in an audible breath and for a brief moment something like a hint of a smile flitted across his face. So she feared him so much? How good that he hadn't come to kill today.
"What do you want here, Azazel, in this deserted place?", Susann Black's voice came to his ear again, but he still didn't pay attention to it, but reached out to reach for an elegantly curved knife, but stopped, before his fingertips could touch the smooth metal. Hadn't she once asked for a meeting right here in the past?
"What do you want, Ms. Black, in this place of your past victories?" He merely asked quietly and without raising his voice.
Counter question.
The woman winced at the sound of his words as if he had shouted at her. Because she knew that this could only be the calm before the storm that inevitably hit her. Smart girl. Unfortunately so careless ...
"Azazel, please listen to me. I… ”, Susann Black started, but fell silent when Azazel turned slowly, very slowly to her and ominous shadows danced in his eyes.
"Yes, my dearest Susann? Keep talking, because I'm looking forward to your words, ”he asked her in a velvety voice and moved towards her with predatory elegance. Her fear was written on her face. Where was all her arrogance, her arrogance?
"I ... I ... I," she started to stammer and her eyes filled with tears, "You scare me."
Shivering, she backed away from him, but her back bumped into the wall and she knew she was trapped. Clinking something flees from her hand. A syringe. Her only weapon was gone, he knew, as she squirmed in horrified squeal as the liquid settled on the boo the distributed. There she was useless to the human woman. And harmless to Azazel.
"Good," he merely purred and was so close now that he could feel her heat through his clothes. Makes. This is what she felt like. Who would have thought that he would ever feel her here, in this damned place?
"Why are you really here, Susann? What is it that you want to tell me and put up with this horrible fear? ”
With a nasty smile, he eyed her face and banished her fearful look to his darkening eyes. Spider-like he stretched the fingers of his mind towards her head. Gently, very gently, he touched her with it and let feelings and suspicions seep into her soul, intensified her fears, so gently that she did not feel it. Still smiling, he put his right hands on the wall to the left and right of the human woman's head, locking her in a cage with him. They trembled more and more violently as if she were freezing and yet at the same time the sweat was on her forehead.
"Say it, my child, you will feel much better in a moment, believe me," he whispered in her ear and enjoyed her throbbing heartbeat for a moment under the delicate, thin skin. So fragile.
"I, please, Azazel ... I," the human woman started again and with an almost fatherly gesture he stroked a stray strand of her hair from her eyes. A telltale tremor ran through her body when Azazel touched it.
"What are you asking me for?" He looked at her patiently and minimally strengthened the stranglehold on her mind, but it immediately had an effect.
"Please, please don't do anything to her! It's not her fault. Please spare Anjay, that's the only thing I've ever asked for and I'm begging you: Please, Azazel, please. Don't hurt her, take me instead of her if you wish, but let her go! "
"No."
The word reverberated in the room like a bang and watched with fascination as the despair threatened to overpower the human woman.
"No?" She asked in a high, thin voice and tears began to flow down her pale cheeks. Azazel shook his head with a smile:
"No."
"But ... why not?"
The sound resounded loudly in the silence that surrounded her when Azazel wordlessly slapped the woman on the face, causing her head to fly to the left. She looked at him stunned and touched her open lip with a slight wince. As if mesmerized, Azazel watched the drop of blood that oozed from the wound and made its way, always following gravity. With an iron grip, Azazel caught Susann Black's hands and pressed them against the wall next to her head so that she could not escape him. His mouth approached her ear again: 
"And you dare to ask that? Do you really want to know? ”Delightfully, he licked the fine, red trickle at the corner of her mouth and shivered the human woman writhed in his arms, but he did not let her go. The game they played was far too amusing for that.
"You know Susann, I am honest with you: I can never and will never forgive her for what she did to me. Oh, and I don't mean the pain and the torture, even though it was admittedly extremely uncomfortable, it wasn't what sparked my hatred and kept it going. ”Amusement flashed in his eyes, which didn't match the words at all who left his lips.
“I forgive her for her ignorance and curiosity, her tenacity and the actions she has urged me to do. But what I can never forgive her is that she has taken the only place in this world where I was safe: my head. ”His gaze became cold as ice as his fingers were simultaneously in the warm flesh of the human woman and clawed into her defenseless and open mind before him.
"Only when she is dead will I find peace after that
I yearn, Susann Black. "
At the word peace, the woman hanging in his arms lifelessly jerked and the old fire returned to her eyes, not as bright and blazing as it once was, but enough to surprise Azazel that he let her spirit out of his clutches .
"You will achieve nothing by her death, Azazel, there will be no peace. Neither for you nor for anyone else! You will only tear apart a family and make an innocent child orphaned! Don't you remember Masa, his innocence, his laugh? Do you just want to delete it from your memories as if it never existed? Do you really want that ?! ”, Susann Black snapped belligerently and for a split second Azazel just stared at her, stunned by her cheeky mouth.
Slowly, his invisible hands wrapped around the woman's slender neck and squeezed. She started gasping and panting writhing in his vise-like grip, but there was no escape. Not for you. Blind hatred exploded inside him, but everything reflected on his face was an ancient cold and such abysmal contempt that no one had ever seen before.
"You dare eat ..." came the words like snakes crawling out of his mouth and nothing but anger filled his eyes. Not Masa. Not his little Jedi student.
"Oh what, did I hit a nerve? Sorry Azazel, ”Susann Black scratched with the courage of despair and a violent blow of his gift tore her off her feet.
It flew in a high arc through the air and crashed onto the table where he had once been. Dazed and whimpering in pain - she must have broken more than one bone - she lay there while Azazel came up to her with clenched fists. Black blood oozed from under his nails, where they dug deep into the tender flesh of the palm of his hand, but he ignored the pain. A dozen scalpels staggered into the air and whizzed towards Susann Black, who shrieked and slammed her arms in front of her face. As if it would protect her. Stupid woman.
"How do you know about it, human?" He hissed furiously.
But he really didn't care who betrayed him this time would have. Because who didn't? His burning anger subsided somewhat and slowly his brain resumed its work. The human woman had spoken of a family and a child. Was that the key to his freedom? But you and children? That just didn't fit, Susann Black probably wanted to tie him up with a bear again. But not with Azazel! He was about to start and force her to tell him what she knew, but then the woman began to speak:
“Anjay has a child, Azazel. A son."
"And? Good for you. I'll kill her anyway ”, he replied almost bored and had a particularly sharp scalpel cut something in the cheek of his victim.
Susann Black winced, but gave him a haunted look and started talking again. One had to be given her: the despair made her brave. More courageous than he would ever have thought of a human being. She really had to love her.
"He is sick and he will die because there is no cure. Please understand Anjay! How could she, as a mother, have watched her own flesh and blood die, given that she has the means and the means to take a radical path to finding a drug, as unlikely as it may be? You are Azazel's living proof that there is a cure for everything! Your wounds heal incredibly quickly and something in your blood even gave you immortality! Please, Azazel, just tell her what it is and let her save her son. That is all she wants, then she will leave you alone and you can go your own way. You don't have to kill them, you can even give a child a new, happy life. Isn't it much better than killing? "
The human woman looked up hopefully at Azazel and barely noticed the bare steel on her skin that pierced her during this movement. Azazel, on the other hand, just stood there silently, looking at her with a fixed expression. A fight raged in him. On the one hand, that would explain so much, her constant absence in which she could have visited her child. Her urge for quick results, her withdrawal in the last few weeks before his escape, her growing despair as time went by, all of this now appeared in a new light. Would it really be possible for ...?
No, he interrupted himself immediately and pushed this view away brusquely. She certainly had no child and was a loving mother. She was the devil in his very personal Hell. A mother simply couldn't do what she had done to him. A mother would never be capable of such cruelty. A mother was the epitome of security, love and gentleness, not torture and torture. It just excluded itself so radically, she and mother. Or isn't it? In a few words, the human woman had managed to get his entire worldview off its hinges and that made him angry.
"Where do you eat?" He said with an animal hiss the voice out and increased the pressure on the head of the human woman with his ghost fingers.
Mastered with difficulty, Susann Black shook her head and remained silent, even when he began to torment her with cruel pictures and memories of unimaginable pain. Metal pounded hard as he turned his attention away from the scalpels floating in the air. Screeching, Susann Black wriggled on the table and fell weeping on the floor, where she z u curled up in a ball, pulling her face away from Azazel's eyes. But not with him!
He grabbed her hair hard and pulled her to her feet. She looked at him howled and suddenly started to punch and kick wildly.
"So one last time: Where. Is. He asked the woman angrily and intensified his efforts to elicit the answer by torturing her mentally more and more violently.
Her shrill screech tugged at his nerves, but no intelligible word escaped the thin lips of his victim's lips. Why did she make it so difficult for him and him? Was she really worth the pain? He shook his head disapprovingly and with incomprehension. Then suddenly a knife landed in his shoulder and penetrated his flesh up to the handle. It hurt, but the woman was far too haphazard and inexperienced to really hurt him. Not even an artery or the lungs had hit her. Just weak.
"ENOUGH!" He yelled at the woman and she only looked at him with one big eye for a breath and even stopped fidgeting. And that tiny moment was enough for Azazel to surprise her and penetrate her mind.
There was a malicious grin on his face when he saw where his journey would take him. And it got worse when he was finally allowed to punish the woman who was still tying him to the doctor. Oh yes, he had come up with something very special for her. Death was not good enough for her. She should atone for her sins. He relished to cut the connection between the brain and the body, though he was careful not to kill the human woman. He scorched every little nerve and delighted in finally having taken revenge by locking her in her head without access to her body and senses.
She wouldn’t die. Madness would be her punishment. Somewhere near Strasbourg, October 26, 12:46 a.m.
He could hear people rushing from afar and amusement flashed in his red eyes as he stepped out of his former cage. Did they really make so little effort to move quietly or simply not hear the noise they were causing? It was just ridiculous in his eyes how he once feared some of them. What were these creatures against him? Prey and hunter, meal and feeder, destroyer and creator.
With a fine smile, Azazel looked down at the lifeless woman in his arms, whom he seemed to be holding almost tenderly to outsiders. He wouldn't leave her behind. He wouldn't let her die. She shouldn't escape punishment. And her former friends would help Azazel by keeping their bodies sacrificially alive, always hoping for a miracle Awakening of the undead. People and their strangely twisted morals. And in her eyes he was the bad guy ...
"Azazel! There you are! What- ”, Freya started breathlessly, but stopped when he saw the unconscious in his arms.
"What? Who…? Azazel, what happened? ”, The human woman finally managed to calm down and regained her old, iron self-control, which she had envied Azazel at one time or another.
"Susann Black. I found her here. She urgently needs medical care, don't they think? ”, He returned in a strikingly calm, almost cool tone, so that Kristóf frowned noticeably and looked at Azazel clearly too long for his taste. At some point he had to take care of him again, just refresh the memories of their first meeting in Brussels ... Or maybe even expand something ...? A tempting thought.
"Yes, that's right. Come on, take it off and then get out of here! “, Freya said and looked a bit finished and overwhelmed.
What did she have? Then he followed her uneasy gaze and realized what triggered her absence. Frowning, his eyes lingered on the concrete work of art and decomposed body parts on his left. What did she find so bad about this sight? As a soldier or whatever she was, had she seen anything more terrible? So what made her shiver with fear? He turned to her questioningly and his eyebrow went unnoticed by him. The woman looked at him distraught when he smiled almost blissfully as he remembered the glorious day the artwork was created. Was that what scared her? Fine.
"We are finished here," he threw coldly into the group and under his burning eyes nobody dared to contradict openly, even if he could see clearly on their faces I could see the confusion and badly suppressed anger at his command. But at the moment he was in command, although it was human went against the grain and he thought every minute of it could be fully enjoyed.
Laboriously and annoyingly slowly the people began to free themselves from their rigidity and scurried like an anthill around the still standing like a marble statue of Azazel. With an indifferent expression on his face, he watched them take off his tormentor's body and put him on a stretcher that suddenly appeared. Where did it come from? No matter. Unconsciously, he wiped his hands on his clothes over and over again, also trying to wash away the cold, dark breath of memories that bound him to this woman. He still felt Kristóf's keen gaze resting on him, and his nerves were already very thin. The other people disappeared along the aisle and the two stayed behind.
"What is it?" He hissed at the human man with suppressed anger, so that he involuntarily took a step back and bumped into the wall.
"You have something on your shoulder," replied the man with a strange expression on his face.
Right, the knife! He had completely forgotten that. And at the same moment Azazel was annoyed by his thoughts. He hadn't forgotten, he didn't do something like that, he just ... hid it. As if by word, the wound began to throb again and with an annoyed sigh, his fist closed around the cold metal handle and pulled it out of his flesh in one fluid movement. He looked down at the bloodstained blade in his hand, unmoved, while the man heard the air. A small gush of black blood oozed from the wound and soaked Azazel's black clothes. Azazel looked up at Kristóf, whose eyebrows were raised, and there was only one question on his face: what did you really do here?
Azazel grinned coldly and suddenly stood in front of Kristóf. This seemed frozen with terror when the white-haired his Brought lips to his ear and whispered:
"You really don't want to know that, little man. It would be very good for your health, believe me. "
And rammed the scalpel into the wall next to the man's skull, where it stuck for a while as it melted silently and with a fine laugh into the darkness, leaving behind a chalk-white Kristóf who gripped his ear with trembling hands and whispered into the darkness :
“Now it has completely slipped away from us. We should stop. For God's sake, break off! "
"Okay," came the only answer in his ear after what felt like an eternity.
Still trembling tremendously, the man made his way, also into the apparently more and more compacting and balling darkness, which took his breath away. Almost hectically, he put on his night vision device and accelerated his steps. Despite his fear, a timid smile graced his face. Soon it would be over and the danger to humanity averted. He - it - will be banned, because for far too long it has brought nothing but death and suffering to this world. Locked away for all time. Nothing could go wrong this time. Nothing. I could see the confusion and badly suppressed anger at his command. But at the moment he was in command, although it was human went against the grain and he thought every minute of it could be fully enjoyed.
Laboriously and annoyingly slowly the people began to free themselves from their rigidity and scurried like an anthill around the still standing like a marble statue of Azazel. With an indifferent expression on his face, he watched them take off his tormentor's body and put him on a stretcher that suddenly appeared. Where did it come from? No matter. Unconsciously, he wiped his hands on his clothes over and over again, also trying to wash away the cold, dark breath of memories that bound him to this woman. He still felt Kristóf's keen gaze resting on him, and his nerves were already very thin. The other people disappeared along the aisle and the two stayed behind.
"What is it?" He hissed at the human man with suppressed anger, so that he involuntarily took a step back and bumped into the wall.
"You have something on your shoulder," replied the man with a strange expression on his face.
Right, the knife! He had completely forgotten that. And at the same moment Azazel was annoyed by his thoughts. He hadn't forgotten, he didn't do something like that, he just ... hid it. As if by word, the wound began to throb again and with an annoyed sigh, his fist closed around the cold metal handle and pulled it out of his flesh in one fluid movement. He looked down at the bloodstained blade in his hand, unmoved, while the man heard the air. A small gush of black blood oozed from the wound and soaked Azazel's black clothes. Azazel looked up at Kristóf, whose eyebrows were raised, and there was only one question on his face: what did you really do here?
Azazel grinned coldly and suddenly stood in front of Kristóf. This seemed frozen with terror when the white-haired his Brought lips to his ear and whispered:
"You really don't want to know that, little man. It would be very good for your health, believe me. "
And rammed the scalpel into the wall next to the man's skull, where it stuck for a while as it melted silently and with a fine laugh into the darkness, leaving behind a chalk-white Kristóf who gripped his ear with trembling hands and whispered into the darkness :
“Now it has completely slipped away from us. We should stop. For God's sake, break off! "
"Okay," came the only answer in his ear after what felt like an eternity.
Still trembling tremendously, the man made his way, also into the apparently more and more compacting and balling darkness, which took his breath away. Almost hectically, he put on his night vision device and accelerated his steps. Despite his fear, a timid smile graced his face. Soon it would be over and the danger to humanity averted. He - it - will be banned, because for far too long it has brought nothing but death and suffering to this world. Locked away for all time. Nothing could go wrong this time. Nothing. I could see the confusion and badly suppressed anger at his command. But at the moment he was in command, although it was human went against the grain and he thought every minute of it could be fully enjoyed.
Laboriously and annoyingly slowly the people began to free themselves from their rigidity and scurried like an anthill around the still standing like a marble statue of Azazel. With an indifferent expression on his face, he watched them take off his tormentor's body and put him on a stretcher that suddenly appeared. Where did it come from? No matter. Unconsciously, he wiped his hands on his clothes over and over again, also trying to wash away the cold, dark breath of memories that bound him to this woman. He still felt Kristóf's keen gaze resting on him, and his nerves were already very thin. The other people disappeared along the aisle and the two stayed behind.
"What is it?" He hissed at the human man with suppressed anger, so that he involuntarily took a step back and bumped into the wall.
"You have something on your shoulder," replied the man with a strange expression on his face.
Right, the knife! He had completely forgotten that. And at the same moment Azazel was annoyed by his thoughts. He hadn't forgotten, he didn't do something like that, he just ... hid it. As if by word, the wound began to throb again and with an annoyed sigh, his fist closed around the cold metal handle and pulled it out of his flesh in one fluid movement. He looked down at the bloodstained blade in his hand, unmoved, while the man heard the air. A small gush of black blood oozed from the wound and soaked Azazel's black clothes. Azazel looked up at Kristóf, whose eyebrows were raised, and there was only one question on his face: what did you really do here?
Azazel grinned coldly and suddenly stood in front of Kristóf. This seemed frozen with terror when the white-haired his Brought lips to his ear and whispered:
"You really don't want to know that, little man. It would be very good for your health, believe me. "
And rammed the scalpel into the wall next to the man's skull, where it stuck for a while as it melted silently and with a fine laugh into the darkness, leaving behind a chalk-white Kristóf who gripped his ear with trembling hands and whispered into the darkness :
“Now it has completely slipped away from us. We should stop. For God's sake, break off! "
"Okay," came the only answer in his ear after what felt like an eternity.
Still trembling tremendously, the man made his way, also into the apparently more and more compacting and balling darkness, which took his breath away. Almost hectically, he put on his night vision device and accelerated his steps. Despite his fear, a timid smile graced his face. Soon it would be over and the danger to humanity averted. He - it - will be banned, because for far too long it has brought nothing but death and suffering to this world. Locked away for all time. Nothing could go wrong this time. Nothing. I could see the confusion and badly suppressed anger at his command. But at the moment he was in command, although it was human went against the grain and he thought every minute of it could be fully enjoyed.
Laboriously and annoyingly slowly the people began to free themselves from their rigidity and scurried like an anthill around the still standing like a marble statue of Azazel. With an indifferent expression on his face, he watched them take off his tormentor's body and put him on a stretcher that suddenly appeared. Where did it come from? No matter. Unconsciously, he wiped his hands on his clothes over and over again, also trying to wash away the cold, dark breath of memories that bound him to this woman. He still felt Kristóf's keen gaze resting on him, and his nerves were already very thin. The other people disappeared along the aisle and the two stayed behind.
"What is it?" He hissed at the human man with suppressed anger, so that he involuntarily took a step back and bumped into the wall.
"You have something on your shoulder," replied the man with a strange expression on his face.
Right, the knife! He had completely forgotten that. And at the same moment Azazel was annoyed by his thoughts. He hadn't forgotten, he didn't do something like that, he just ... hid it. As if by word, the wound began to throb again and with an annoyed sigh, his fist closed around the cold metal handle and pulled it out of his flesh in one fluid movement. He looked down at the bloodstained blade in his hand, unmoved, while the man heard the air. A small gush of black blood oozed from the wound and soaked Azazel's black clothes. Azazel looked up at Kristóf, whose eyebrows were raised, and there was only one question on his face: what did you really do here?
Azazel grinned coldly and suddenly stood in front of Kristóf. This seemed frozen with terror when the white-haired his Brought lips to his ear and whispered:
"You really don't want to know that, little man. It would be very good for your health, believe me. "
And rammed the scalpel into the wall next to the man's skull, where it stuck for a while as it melted silently and with a fine laugh into the darkness, leaving behind a chalk-white Kristóf who gripped his ear with trembling hands and whispered into the darkness :
“Now it has completely slipped away from us. We should stop. For God's sake, break off! "
"Okay," came the only answer in his ear after what felt like an eternity.
Still trembling tremendously, the man made his way, also into the apparently more and more compacting and balling darkness, which took his breath away. Almost hectically, he put on his night vision device and accelerated his steps. Despite his fear, a timid smile graced his face. Soon it would be over and the danger to humanity averted. He - it - will be banned, because for far too long it has brought nothing but death and suffering to this world. Locked away for all time. Nothing could go wrong this time. Nothing.

Chapter 20
JW Marriott Hotel, Los Angeles, USA, October 31, 9:01 p.m.
Azazel tumbled restlessly on his bed, but his raging thoughts made sleep impossible. Here he needed every minute of rest he could find. Because tomorrow it was time. Tomorrow was the day. The day of revenge. The day of his liberation from slavery and the end of oppression. But silent now, stupid brain! It would start in just five hours, his eyes on the clock on the wall said.
Grumbling, he turned and pulled the covers over his head to lock the world out. Something that he never actually did was too much flesh and blood for him to distrust his surroundings. Too often he had tried to attack when he was lying there, sleeping weakly and vulnerably.
Tomorrow it's time. So far, so far, so far. Only four hours and fifty-five minutes. Her face whirled past in front of his inner eye, closely followed by Masa's happy, crooked grin and in the background he heard the annoying strum of a melody by Mozart. The faces of his many enemies and the very few of his friends passed by faster and faster. Susann Black, the doctor, Alexis Sanchez, again Masa, Freya Erikson, again she, the guys from Paris, the professor, his last two-legged meal, the informant from Mumbai, her again. Until his gaze finally caught on him (why him ?!) and his heart contracted painfully. No, not him. Not Garrett. No. Argh! Quiet now! He had to rest, he couldn't afford to go to his most important mission so far tired tomorrow. It could be his downfall.
Coolly he felt a telltale tear run down his cheek, which he quickly wiped away and pressed his hand to the trembling lips to suppress the sobs that wanted to steal from his throat.
Why did these old memories suddenly bother him again? Why did they have to come back up right now? He had absolutely no nerve and no time to deal with it. And he didn't really want it either. It was too painful. A new kind of pain that he thought he would never have to suffer. He had thought that this fate could never happen to him, that he was simply not human enough for it. He really thought he could never love. Not that he hadn't ever loved, but never a person, no. His love had been for flying, for being absolutely free. The wind that blew through his hair, the cool moisture on his skin as he wriggled through the clouds, the freezing cold high above the earth. But when it hit him, the feelings of a hurricane hit him and roused him mercilessly.
With a resigned sigh, Azazel sat up and stared aimlessly into the darkness ahead. It was pointless, he couldn't sleep. He was too agitated and nervous for that. It was by no means his first battle, he had simply lost the effort to count them and give them numbers. So after the fiftieth, if he remembered correctly ... Or sixtieth? Vigorously, he pushed the image of Garrett's gentle face out of his head again, which had sneaked into his mind like a common thief. A good-for-nothing with bright eyes that always seemed to sparkle with amusement until the very end. Until his betrayal. A sharp stab went through Azazel. Why did it still hurt so much?
With a snort, he shook his head so that his hair flew into his face. If he couldn't sleep, he could use the time sensibly and distract himself. He rose smoothly and dressed in his usual white shirt and comfortable black jeans. An equally long, black jacket that was more reminiscent of a coat, and dark gray leather shoes completed his Shape. In a few simple steps, he tied the front strands of his long hair behind his head, while the rest fell silvery-white over his back. He knew about his conspicuous shape and he had cursed her many times because it simply made it impossible for him to move inconspicuously between people. They kept staring at him until his skin began to tingle beneath their poorly hidden eyes. But time had taught him a panacea: cold arrogance. He wore it like a protective shield and often a deadly look was enough to make people look away.
He stepped out of his room (or rather, his small apartment) in a stress-free, casual manner and his feet took the path to the large terrace, which seemed to be unusually well attended that evening. Innerlic h cursed his idea of ​​coming here. Here he would not find the peace he longed for. On the other hand, how long ago was it that he had dropped and just had fun again? As far as that was possible among people, of course ...
He scurried silently out the door and stood there, confused, for a moment. Did he miss something? A visibly tipsy woman with bobbing fairy wings on her back strutted past Azazel hooked up with her male companion, who was wearing strange plush clothes, and laughed shrilly at some joke the man must have cracked. Azazel grimaced and walked cautiously as he stared in amazement and still confused at the disguised people around them, who stood or sat in small groups, laughing and chatting. Had he unwittingly gotten onto a modern costume ball? It almost seemed that way.
With a slight smile, he made his way and dodged swinging elbows and pointed heels that would have badly affected his feet if they had hit him. Finally he arrived at a lonely, dark corner of the railing of the huge terrace unharmed and a relieved sigh escaped his chest. Lost in thought he gazes out over the streets, which are boiling over with life. Cars rustled loudly over the asphalt and countless voices weave a discordant, yet fascinating symphony into the mild night air. Full of misunderstanding, he also noted that people were wearing costumes. What was going on today? People behaved even stranger than usual ...
"Hello Mister," said a pleasantly dark female voice and blinking Azazel turned his attention to the woman leaning against the railing next to him.
Cheekily, she threw back her long, open hair and clinked her eyelashes in a flirtatious manner and seemed only too aware of how she could make the gesture sarcastically exaggerated. For the first time in weeks, this conjured up a real, undisguised smile on Azazel's otherwise lifeless face and he replied with a grin:
"Of course I do, although I learned to appreciate even more what you don't see immediately, but only gradually reveals yourself, miss ...?"
"Call me Green," the woman replied with a laugh, whereupon Azazel raised an eyebrow questioningly. Didn't she seriously believe that he took that name from her?
"Well, Mister Mysterious ..." she continued, exhilarated, and bowed her head like a hawk watching its prey, but strangely, the piercing look didn't matter to Azazel; on the contrary, because he clearly saw the invitation to the millennium-old game in which he had achieved unrivaled mastery: the game of masks.
"Names are smoke and mirrors, as they say, isn't it?" Continued the woman, and her soul mirrors bored relentlessly into his rubies.
"I can only agree with that, my dearest," he responded to her cheeky invitation.
A tingling sensation passed through his innermost core. Oh, how he loved this game ... one last time, he thought wistfully, but pushed the feeling aside. There was no room for it tonight, because for the first time in his life he felt time running through his fingers like sand, unstoppable, irreversible. Did people feel the same way? And that all your life? Then they were truly pitiful ...
"I wouldn't say that. Because of the ability and to remember, they hold the time, you know? ”Azazel couldn't quite get his astonishment out of his face. Had he thought out loud?
"Yes, dearest, they did," Green grinned at him.
Azazel groaned and slapped her hand in front of her face:
"Oh man, I'm getting old. It is going downhill, clearly. Get the boards, I'll just make my coffin. "
"Well, don't get upset, old man, think of your heart!"
The woman's eyes were mocked, causing her grin to widen. With a smile, Azazel shook his head so that his hair flew and looked at Green out of the corner of his eye for a long time, while they watched the exuberant life on the streets in a calm silence. There was something about this woman, something that shook a secret place in his heart that he had actually carefully locked behind thick walls of ice and steel. But the gnawing feeling remained that this was not the way to deal with him, Garrett. Azazel felt like dishonoring his legacy by locking away all memories, the good and the bad.
He couldn't escape the rampant ulcer that this place represented to his soul, the pain of betrayal still as fresh as the day it first flared up in him, hot and consuming. That spoke a more than clear language! Maybe it would be better if he told someone? Would it help to learn to live with it? After all, he couldn't think what he was doing would start with his early freedom if he was still mentally in nineteen hundred and one! But, he could just trust such a stranger, even though his gut feeling seemed to urge him to do so. He knew nothing about her, absolutely nothing, and would reveal more of his self to her than he had ever dared to do with a human. No, that wasn't true, he lied to himself again, he admitted to himself with a sigh. Garrett had just done it and looked into his soul as deeply as no one before and Azazel had not only allowed it, no, he had even welcomed it. Should he still dare ...? The woman blinked at him questioningly:
"Do I have something on my face? Or why are you staring, sir? "
"Forgive me, I was lost in thought," Azazel hurried to reply before he fell silent and hastily turned his gaze away to the costumed people around him. The woman's frown escaped him.
"Do you feel it too, my blond friend?" The wind carried her pleasantly smoky voice to his ear and his eyebrow wandered again.
“Today he is thin; the veil that separates the world that people see from the world that exists, ”she explained, and there was no sign of the mischief in her eyes behind the mask. She was serious, dead serious.
Azazel wanted to close his eyes because of the esoteric babble, but couldn't help but accept the deeper truth behind her words. You only saw what you wanted to see. Like him. He wanted to grind his teeth.
"But why, my lady, I wonder?", He continued to pull the thread because she was holding it in her hands. Secretly eager to learn more about this unapproachable stranger. He seldom met anyone of her caliber. And even less rarely did they not face each other on the opposing sides on the battlefield, but were able to hold a conversation in civilized fashion without fear of having to smash their skulls in the near future.
"On Halloween, people allow themselves to hide their faces behind costumes," she replied. 
Then Azazel struck the realization with the force of a blacksmith's hammer. Naturally. It was the thirty-first of October. Halloween. How could he have forgotten that ?!
“You replace the invisible mask with a visible one for a few hours. So you reveal your true face to the world by actually hiding it. Ironic, isn't it? ”A bitter smile graced the corners of her mouth and when their eyes met, Azazel saw an all too well-known mixture of despair, pain, embittered anger, melancholy and a lot of tiredness.
“You have to appreciate such days because they are the few where we are allowed to take off the human mask and show the world that we really are. Take them off, Mister Mysterious, at least for this night and show who you really are. I ask you."
"And if I no longer know where to start and where the masquerade ends?", He asked tonelessly, allowing his dejection to go outside, "What if there was only a gruesome emptiness behind the masks, in which mine was silent Screams gradually fade away without ever getting an answer? "
"Then you have reached the point where we have all been before," she said softly and put a slender hand sympathetically on Azazel's tear-damp cheek.
Unconsciously he nestled into the comforting gesture and wished he could tell Green everything. At that moment, he would give anything to have someone. Just someone who made him feel like he wasn't alone forever. But how could that be possible if he lived forever and people seemed nothing more than a blink of an eye in the face of time? It hurt too much.
"Let me be that someone, Mister Mysterious. Talk to me. Let me be your friend, your sister in spirit. If only for that night. "
For a moment the feeling flashed in Azazel that Green seemed to be more than he even suspected, but he suppressed this absurd thought. To the best of his knowledge, he was the only immortal on this planet. Even if there were others, how likely would they be to face each other right now? Right, extremely low. And besides, didn't it just matter what or who this woman was, as long as his instinct said that he could trust her unconditionally?
"In all the long years of my unsteady was There was always only me and freedom. She is and was my only faithful companion. Nothing could separate us, we were one. And yet I couldn't help feeling lonely. I persuaded myself to keep my heart behind impenetrable walls of ice, it was better that way because I saw enough what people thought of them as love and passion. Like what radiant brightness should give birth to deep darkness: envy, jealousy, frenzy. I pretended to be blind and didn't want to see that it didn't always end in darkness, that love was a good feeling, that it could make you stronger and grow beyond you. It was good the way it was because I didn't know these feelings. And what you don't know can't be missed, can you? ”Azazel began to speak in a flat voice, but then he fell silent. Blinking, he tried to control the tears that wanted to steal out of the corner of his eye like little traitors.
"Until someone came and tore down the walls," Green said in a soft, warm voice, and her soft fingers on the back of his hand magically removed the sharp point from the pain. He watched the muscular play under her skin, fascinated by her natural grace. He swallowed hard and took a shaky breath to answer:
"Yes."
He was unable to do more. The long-forgotten pictures of his beloved Garrett, who is now, tormented him too much had been buried somewhere for a long time. Would it be possible to find his grave ...? Inside, the most contradictory emotions quarreled with each other, from sheer horror to longing curiosity. So he initially refrained from this idea. She would have to wait. See you.
"What happened?" Green brought him back to the present and for a brief moment Azazel simply lacked the words to form an answer, as if he had forgotten how to speak. How should one be able to pack the chaos inside in sentences? Where should it start?
"How about in the beginning?"
He looked brooding into the eyes of the woman who patiently looked up at him and he understood that she gave him a free hand in choosing what he would tell her. She would not urge him to do anything or condemn what he said. A real treat, unlike the rest of humanity, these crusted moralists. Killing is a sin. Lies as well. Theft is wrong. Pfff, such hypocrites. Whatever the reason, Azazel trusted these strangers. A woman he knew little more than ten minutes. It was crazy and absolutely against any of its principles. But it was so.
“When I met him, Garrett was his name, he was nothing more than a small, mean pickpocket from maybe fifteen summers who wanted to steal away with my wallet. I don't know why I didn't hold him back, I still can't explain what was going on inside me at the time. It drives me crazy, even after all the past years. "
Azazel ran a tired hand through his hair, his gaze fixed on the cool metal of the parapet under his trembling hands.
“I followed him all day and ended up leaving him alone in an empty alley at night. Had I proceeded as usual, I would have taken revenge on him for this bottomless insolence and not only verbally if you understand what I mean ... Nobody can get away with such a boldness. Well, actually. But how he stood in front of me and really showed no fear in the face of his certain death ... Now don't look so pissed off, Miss Green, it was just my style back then. And the documents that were in the wallet weren't intended for unauthorized eyes either. Or was she trying to tell me that they had never considered murdering some of their fellow men? Hm? I thought so."
Azazel's eyes went up to the sky.
"As I said, when he was so fearless before me, I just couldn't bring myself to make him disappear as usual. But he had seen the letters and papers, possibly even read them, and with that knowledge I couldn't let him go around freely. It would have jeopardized my job. And since the people I had stolen the letters from had got wind of the matter, both of our lives were now in danger. So I had to take him under my wing. The enthusiasm was limited on both sides, to put it diplomatically. Which man wants orders from a woman? Especially if he doesn't get an answer to his open questions and strangers strive for his life? "
"Why didn't they just give him the answers he was asking for?" Green interrupted, catching an annoyed look from Azazel, who made her grin. Only later would he realize that she hadn't been surprised when he spoke of himself as a woman. Well, he definitely looked androgynous enough for both sexes.
"Was the question serious? Well no, it was difficult for me to initiate him into the whole situation, it was already complicated enough, even without it finally saying something that would have cost my head in the end. ”
"Can it be that you have a very one-sided view of people?"
"Yes, I am well aware of that. But it is based on years of observation, Miss Green. So she definitely has her
Permission. ”The woman smiled:
"I can understand her, my blonde friend. But I only partially share their opinion. "
Azazel nodded in resignation. At some point she would see what he meant. There may be good people in this world, but there were three bad guys. Apart from the infinite mass of those who preferred to remain silent and look away. And, weren't these gray half-beings the worst of all in their apathy?
"Well, anyway, somehow - until today it is beyond me how exactly we managed to do this - we got together and made it out of the misery alive. But now I was faced with the decision of what to do with Garrett. My… um… work actually forced and forced me to stay alone because any contact could later become a potential traitor and I was not willing to take the risk for a long time. Emotional bonds also make it difficult to remain rational, especially when the person is somehow threatened. But on the other hand, I longed for a confidante, I literally longed to be able to talk to someone and have backing. Not just a place, but also company where I could drop the masks as far as possible and come to rest. You can imagine what a choice I made. "
Green looked thoughtfully over the busy streets wander the city before answering:
"You sent him away and disappeared from the scene yourself?"
Azazel looked at her in astonishment. But then he had to smile:
"Apparently they know me better than I thought."
"I wouldn't have done it any differently if I were in her position," the woman admitted, and Azazel couldn't help but look at her almost admiringly. They were more like each other than he suspected. She gently returned his gaze and cleared the clearing silence:
“The years moved in and I almost forgot Garrett. Until I met him again. On one of my orders. He had grown up now and worked as a guard at the place where I was supposed to break in and do my ... job. Somehow I was so shocked to meet him again that I became inattentive for a minute and he saw me. For a heartbeat, I thought he hadn't recognized me and would raise the alarm. But he just winked at me mischievously and turned away in the other direction. Of course, I was completely perplexed at first, but when he nodded emphatically to me again, my decision was made. And it sealed my fate. "
A sigh escaped his throat, which felt like it was laced up.
“He came up to me over and over and asked me to take him in. As an apprentice or assistant, if you want to put it that way. In the end I gave in to his desire and from then on he accompanied me everywhere like a shadow. I think I must have lost my foolish heart to him at that point. I simply cannot explain my irrational behavior in the following years in any other way.
I was not really aware of my feelings for him and they confused me, which is why I pushed them away from me and mimicked the strict, unapproachable teacher towards him. But now in hindsight I see that he must have felt something for me as well, but my impenetrable masquerade must have broken him at some point after long years of loving effort. He knew a lot about me, more than anyone before him. And I blindly relied on him. But I did not see how the feelings turned inside him, how admiration became envy, how devotion obsession, how love became hate. I was a bad master for him, blinded and selfish. Only now, in my memories, do I see the signs and that is a hundredfold the burden of guilt on my shoulders. Oh, how it must have boiled and boiled in him, this poisonous mixture of hate and desire, indifference and Obsession. All that was missing was the drop that caused the barrel to overflow. ”
Azazel painfully swallowed the lump in his throat and made eye contact with Green . She stood at his side unmoved and listened to his words without her eyes even showing what was going through her head. Somehow he was grateful to her for it. He wouldn't know how he would have reacted if someone had told him something like that. Although, he would have hid behind his mask of ridicule and arrogance again. As always.
“And this drop came in the form of Evan. He was obsessed with keeping me under lock and key for my crimes. He spared no expense and effort and literally stuck to my heels wherever I went. Only this time I couldn’t take off so easily, I had my apprentice with me. He tightened his net around Garrett and me until he let go of us from one day to the next and the case was closed. That of course amazed me, because who voluntarily gives up when he is about to break through? So I put Garrett on it as usual. In part, I didn't hear from him for months, but that was normal, so I wasn't worried. Then Garrett suddenly returned and asked me to meet. I wondered why he had been so cryptic, but pushed that vague feeling that something bad was going to happen out of my mind. After all, it was my loyal, long-time assistant Garrett, who was almost a friend to me. So what should go wrong? I ran blindly to ruin. "
"He betrayed her," came the tone from the woman next to him and without looking at her he nodded.
"Yes, he betrayed me. It was a trap that, despite my skills, I couldn't escape, Garrett had described my weak points too well, which they relentlessly exploited. The last thing I saw was Evan. And my Garrett, how he was pulled into a hug by him. A tight, long hug. "
Infinitely tired, Azazel sat up and looked into Green's eyes behind the swan mask:
“In the years of my imprisonment, I had enough time to think about it. And do you know what result I came to? ”He didn't give her time to answer, but went on to say:
“Apparently, fate thought I deserved it that way. Garrett obviously found in Evan what I could never give him because of my inability to allow feelings. And I was punished with years of darkness and pain that I could not even have imagined in my wildest dreams. But do you know what's much worse for me? That I can never meet him again to look into his sparkling eyes and ask him for forgiveness for what I have done to him more or less knowingly for years. ”
"Despite all this, don't you hate him?" Green asked in wonder, raising her eyebrows. Azazel shook his head with a resigned sigh:
"No, I tried it for a long time, but it just didn't work. I can't hate Garrett. I can only hate myself for what I did in my delusion. And that is much more painful than any torture in the world. "
Relief spread through him and he felt as if part of the burden had been taken from his soul. He had carried it around with him for decades. Maybe it was really better to drop the mask now and then and be yourself. Otherwise he would have truly forgotten one day who was hiding behind them.
From the corner of his eye he saw a familiar silhouette and there was the brief moment of peace that had set in within. What the hell was he doing here ?!
"If you would excuse me now. Miss Green. Work is calling, ”he quickly turned to his listener, who did not seem to have missed his gaze.
With a narrow eyebrow she nodded and one last time they looked into each other's eyes:
"One last question, Mister Mysterious: Why are you so sure you will never meet Garrett again?"
With a crooked smile, Azazel leaned down to the woman and brought his lips very close to her ear:
“Because he should be over a hundred and fifty years old now. And all of us: that would be a little unusual for a normal person, wouldn't it be Miss Green? "
The last syllable was still in the air as he swung away and disappeared into the crowd. Leaving a smirking woman with the unusual name Green.
"Still the same charmer as back then, isn't it Azazel?" The elegant figure whispered barely audibly into the mild night air and turned to the people celebrating on the terrace, their real victim firmly in view. Perfect.
Somewhere in the streets of Los Angeles, USA, October 31, 9:46 p.m.
Azazel glided silently like a shadow through the careless crowds, staring at the view directed his prey and did not dare to look away for a second, for then this bastard would have disappeared. And Azazel would have no way of ever finding him again in this chaotic pile of concrete blocks that scolded the city.
What was he doing here What the hell was he looking for here? It couldn't be a coincidence that he was showing up here in the same city as Azazel that evening. He had to know something. And Azazel had to tickle that out of him. An almost manic grin fell on his deathly pale face, so that people shuddered to avoid him and fell silent Lowered eyes as he walked past them. Not that Azazel noticed it, his thoughts were filled too much with various torture scenarios that he always wanted to try and that would finally be given the opportunity. His mood rose considerably. The evening would still be successful, in a different way than expected, but who cares? Other people drank a glass of warm milk or read a book to fall asleep, enjoying the pain of his enemies to relax. Everybody as he wishes.
Slowly the hustle and bustle subsided and Azazel pulled himself together, because without people he lost his cover. He quickly scurried from one dark corner to the next, careful not to make a sound that would make his victim aware of his pursuer. Soon he was alone, except for his invisible companion. Good Excellent…
His prey stopped abruptly and the alarm bells in the back of Azra's head began to shrill. In a flash he hurried into a dark side street and pressed himself firmly against the stone wall on his back. He listened, holding his breath. Something was wrong here, man couldn't have heard it, nobody - especially someone as incompetent as he - would be able to do it. His fingers twitched nervously when he heard steps back in his direction. But wait, this was wrong, wrong! How long has Azazel been hiding from his victim ?! That would be even nicer, he thought with a snort. An arrogant smile crossed his face and he straightened up to gracefully brush his hair out of his eyes. No matter what he thought he knew about him, he didn't even scratch the surface of the iceberg of Azazel's secrets.
With his head tilted and much more relaxed than before, he listened to the darkness. Nothing. The steps were silent. With a quick blink, Azazel sent his ghost on patrol. The image of the was built in his mind's eye  Street on which he had followed his prey. He was gone. What Where…?
"Damn you, miserable person!", He hissed.
In retrospect, Azazel would again and again curse his stupidity that had been in the shadows and his goddamn impulsiveness that night, which made him fall like a bloody beginner and thus directly fell into the trap.
He scrambled to his feet and peered around the corner, only to find confirmation of what he had seen seconds before. A literally deserted street. He slid silently out of the shadows and paused for a moment while the moon shone silver on his hair. A gentle wind rose and swirled warmly through his strands. What now? Maybe he wasn't far away and Azazel could feel him or even hear his heartbeat?
He kept his eyes focused on the meaningless ones
Concrete walls wander to his sides, but at the same time he sent his mind to wander again, crawled through the tilted windows and through ventilation pipes into the houses. Several times he brushed against people who lived behind the facades and made them shudder, although they would never know why it was ice cold down their backs. Azazel, on the other hand, grimaced in disgust when he was touching the heated spirits of an intertwined couple and had of course felt the full force of their passion. That was disgusting. So what did people do voluntarily? He shook his head grimly. He really didn't have time for such trifles. But he didn't find the one he was looking for. It was frustrating.
Azazel was about to give up when he saw a metal gate almost hidden in the darkness of the night. Somehow it seemed familiar to him, but he couldn't remember where. After staring at the metal bars for a good three minutes, desperate for the memory rummaging, he just shrugged and turned to go back to his allies. Pah, foolish pack. Who needed allies? Contempt flashed briefly in his eyes. But a little, annoying, simple voice that could not be silenced whispered: Where would you be now without the people, Azazel? Don't forget times are changing and this time it is you who suffer.
He gritted her teeth, though he would never admit it out loud. What had the professor hurled at him years ago when he echoed people's ignorance? Your arrogance will one day be your doom. And he knew only too well that this prophecy would come true sooner rather than later, but he was powerless against it. He was who he was. Point. He might as well try to let water flow up a mountain, he would never be able to change. Or want to. Even if it would be his downfall.
He turned his gaze thoughtfully and turned, but after only two steps he stopped and looked back as if forced. How did he know the gate? Well, he could risk another look. He wouldn't get any sleep today anyway, he said, sighing, and stepped closer.
The wrought iron gullwing doors were secured by several thick metal chains and a massive looking lock. Nothing that he couldn't have cracked in peace, but he had no nerve for it now. His eyes were drawn to the narrow concrete path as if magically attracted, which meandered through a meticulously maintained garden and ended at an old, but nevertheless beautiful, Victorian-looking house that did not fit into this city and certainly did not fit into this time. Azazel frowned in confusion, but his curiosity was finally piqued. He would look at the house.
He quickly took a few steps back and started running. He jumped powerfully off the ground, grabbed the metal at the highest point of his jump and pulled over the gate to get on the to catch yourself on the other side with an elegant forward roll and to be on your feet again immediately. Azazel looked around carefully, but there was no one to be seen. Even if he should have doubted his perception. Which person could please jump from a standing position three meters high over a metal gate?
Slowly tired, Azazel approached the seemingly dead wall when he stopped as if he had run into a wall. Because he felt something. Not what he expected, but ... well, he didn't really know what to expect. But it hadn't been a good three dozen armed mercenaries. There was a nasty grin on his face and he almost purred with delight. All self-doubt and uncertainty were forgotten. This was his world, his element and would not make it easy for people to knock him off his throne. Should they try, he thought, his teeth unconsciously bared. He would not go down without a fight.
As if waiting for his approval, the people emerged from their cover and a few moments later he was encircled. Quietly clasping his hands behind his back, Azazel looked around, generously ignoring the heavy machine guns that were aimed precisely at his forehead. Then he felt it again. And Azazel closed his eyes without turning around, smiling as his dangerously soft voice cut through the tense silence:
"Hello Alexis, did you miss me?"
And he listened with relish to how Sanchez 'heartbeat.
Somewhere in the streets of Los Angeles, USA, October 31, 10:35 p.m.
"Hello Azazel," replied the latter after a few seconds of silence. But the greeting did not turn around, but let his gaze wander across the night sky. Like one black wall stretched over them and a fleeting thought shot through his mind: how about if he could see the stars? Perhaps he was looking up at his old home at that very moment without realizing it or being able to change anything about it?
A strange mood took hold of Azazel. The stormy waves inside him smoothed out and a deep calm ran through his veins. But at the same time it felt wrong. There was something wrong with the whole thing here. Azazel frowned for a split second. But what only? Was it the strange familiarity of this property? Wasn't there a small, barely noticeable tremor in Sanchez's voice? Yes, it must have been ... Or? But the next words of the velvety voice of his hated counterpart tore him out of his trance:
"What brings you here? I thought you didn't want to attack until around three o'clock? "
A silent sigh escaped Azazel and he bowed his head so that his face was hidden behind a curtain of silver hair. Suddenly the tiredness and exertion of the last few days caught up with him and his eyes started to water frustration. Somehow he had suspected it. Someone must have spied on her. And he hadn't noticed! He was the one who had done something like this hundreds of times in the past! It would have been too nice if everything had gone according to plan. Why couldn't fate be on his side at least once? Did he upset anyone up there? The only question left was who this treacherous Judas was in their midst. Although, to be honest, it left it strangely untouched. So he just straightened himself and turned to Sanchez with a puffing coat.
Silently and with a petrified expression, he eyed the terribly familiar figure before him, as if they were meeting for the first time in their lives. And in a strange way Azazel hurt his sight. The slender, almost skinny shape, the slightly too large, pointed nose, the smooth, always with too much gel for a carefully combed hair on the side parting, the many ribbons around his wrists, the slimming clothes ... He just looked absolutely ridiculous and clumsy. As if he couldn't harm a fly. But his eyes. His eyes told a different story. There was a piercing hardness and certainty in them that did not suit his young age. And that expression fatally reminded Azazel of someone he just wanted to forget.
"Ready?" Asked the young man with an eyebrow raised and there was a slight mockery in his voice.
Azazel wrenched himself from his daydreaming and just cocked his head to one side with a smile. After a little eternity, he nodded. The behavior of his counterpart irritated him. He was so ... not Sanchez at all. Where was the eternal insecurity gone, where the badly hidden hatred? He seemed so changed, so confident. What had happened in the months he'd missed in the forest?
"So then Azazel", Sanchez started again and took a step towards it, "Allow me the question again, but what are you doing here? You surely know that you actually have no access here? "
"I am well aware of that, I can assure you of that," Azazel replied and again a fine smile graced the corners of his mouth, although he could not say what made him smile. Perhaps the absurdity of the whole situation that they talked in stilted words while three dozen guns were aimed at him, and despite all of that he was enjoying the banter with the boy?
"But you know my urge, the rules, now let's say expand. "
Just a snort came as an answer.
"And what I'm doing here, Alexis," Azazel continued gently as he took a half step towards the man, which prompted a sharp load of several weapons and made him grimace inside, "I would like that to you ask. Finally you brought me here. And try not to deny that you noticed how I followed you, ”he snarled at the sour expression on his conversation partner's face and looked at his fingernails, bored, as if the world was okay and he wasn't just a few words away that bullets pierced his body.
"My boy, don't pretend to be more stupid than you are."
Oops, maybe he shouldn't have said the last thing, but he just couldn't resist reminding Sanchez of the good old days.
"All right, Mister I-know-everything-but-so-much-better-than-you stupid people, then asked differently: why did you follow me, even though you knew that you would be with me in a few hours anyway would you meet a friend? "
Azazel grinned crookedly at the description of his person.
“First of all, I didn't know for sure whether we would meet in the coming matter - even if I strongly suspected it. A reunion was long overdue, wasn't it? Secondly, those objects that you referred to as my friends are not worthy of the name. You have to earn this status and believe me, if I didn't need them they would have served as a dinner for the worms for a long time. ”Well, at this point he bluffed a bit, because he had no idea what exactly he was doing with his colleagues should start when everything is over. Ideas yes (and they weren't really pretty to look at, since everyone sooner or later had had an unnatural death, voluntarily or involuntarily found out his secret), but firm plans? No.
“And third, I have no idea why I followed you. I just did it. "
Silence. And stunned.
"So you tell me in all seriousness that you have no idea why we are here, nor what is actually here? How stupid are you ?! And I thought, When it comes to planning and approach, learn something from you, from the oh so great master of assassination and espionage, ”Sanchez replied with a clear astonishment on his face and shook his head, murmuring the last sentence in his rather thin three-day beard.
"Ey, that's no reason to be offensive! And yes, I've had better ideas too, I admit it. Guilty as charged, ”Azazel said in a voice dripping with sarcasm and put his hands on his hips as his amused, sparkling look met Sanchez. Oh how Azazel loved this game ...
But then he remembered why he had actually followed Sanchez and his gaze hardened:
"But enough of the pleasantries, why don't they just step aside and let me do what I want?"
"And that would be?" Sanchez asked cheekily and raised his hand. The mercenaries retreated somewhat like a single man, but did not lower their weapons.
"You know that very well, Alexis. Get out of my way and your death will be quick and gracious. "
"No. You will not enter this house. And no, you will
Don't kill Anjay. The only one who should die is you, ”the young man hurled at Azazel with the old hatred and this ironically relaxed through the familiar way. That was the terrain he knew. He could handle that.
"But you are still aware that this project is not so easy to implement?" He asked with a friendly smile and cocked his head as he stared at the person in front of him intensely.
"Right, Azazel. But I said nothing of today, my friend. Now it is your job to keep your mouth shut and to keep up without zipping around. Roger that?"
Suddenly anger rose in Azazel. Who was he, so with him talk?! And he would definitely not go back to his cage now that complete freedom was within reach! And something else crawled through his veins and it took him a moment to understand what it was. Anxiety. No, real panic. He didn't think he would survive another captive unscathed. Because this time they would certainly not let him conscious, but lock him back in his body, where he was completely helpless. And this crude mixture of panic and anger foam up unhindered in him, covered his inside with filigree ice flowers and left clear cracks in the wall his self-control. Because he didn't care whether anyone saw what he could do, whether someone would remember him after that night, whether that person would believe his eyes or not. Who were these unworthy creatures in the face of time? Right, nothing!
"How dare you eat, unworthy one?" He pressed hard, barely able to use human language.
And then everything happened in one fell swoop. Azazel's movements were barely noticeable streaks in the air as he shot toward Sanchez and put his hand hard around his throat. The human man lifted him into the air with superhuman ease, so that he wriggled his legs in his iron grip and a surprised wheezing came over his lips. His left felt for the familiar knife that he always carried with him. There was a mad grin on his face and his eyes seemed to glow bright red despite the nightly darkness. But the soldiers did not remain idle either. Sharp pain tore his thigh and he involuntarily loosened his fingers around his victim's neck. This did not miss the chance and a strong kick against his blood-soaked leg forced him to his knees, emitting a throaty groan. Only marginally did Azazel notice how Sanchez completely freed himself from his grip, because the terribly familiar burning began to eat from the wound through his veins and he clawed his hands into the earth. The pain was incredible, much more intense than the last time they had hurt him with silver. What kind of devil was that? He moved trembling, Air in his lungs, which also started to feel as if they were filled with liquid lava.
So he didn't notice how Alexis Sanchez was telling his people to step back and crouch in front of Azazel. Hart gritted his teeth hard when he felt a disgustingly warm hand on his chin and it forced his face up. Her eyes met with a blaze of hatred and Sanchez clearly saw his triumph. Azazel wanted to start up and hit the rough fingers that dared to touch him, but his muscles failed him. A tremor ran through his body. What…?
"Azazel, Azazel, Azazel ..." Alexis Sanchez rebuked him like a naughty child and got himself an angry growl for that r went into a tortured hiss as a new high point of pain approached, "You don't really think you have anything to say about this? You come with me now, whether you like it or not doesn't matter. Even if you may not understand it, but everything I do, I do not for myself, but for the greater good. And for this you are a danger, Azazel. You can't deny that, can you? How many of us have you killed? Hundreds? Thousands? Oh, I forgot - we are meaningless in your eyes, no better than toys that you break and throw in the corner when you get bored! “, He concluded bitterly and even if it was only Sanchez, the words Azazel met . He knew he was an arrogant ass, but did the man have to tell him that in his face?
“I just came up with this niceness that just circulated through your blood just as a gift, so to speak, as a present. The silver now looks even more effective and longer, isn't it wonderful? You could almost think it takes your will ... Come Azazel, cry for me, just this one time. "
Horror spread through it as his body responded to the almost purring command and his eyes began to get wet and the malicious grin.
 
Blur man's face in front of them. How was that possible? That bastard! He would pay for it!
"Yes, it's good that way ..."
A single, treacherous tear stole from Azazel's corner of the eye despite all efforts to prevent it, ran coolly over his white cheek and was finally wiped away by Sanchez's thumb. The fingers now wandered and clasped Azazel's throat, making him whimper in agony. His body trembled and he couldn't move a muscle, no matter how hard he tried. No, that couldn't be true now ...
"Now you are mine, Azazel. Do you understand?! My! Now you can no longer make me a mockery, push me away and torture me with these eyes and these soft, full lips, these hair and these elegant hands… ”Sanchez whispered to Azazel and something only too well known flared up in the eyes of man . Madness.
Azazel felt resignation. Time was a bike and everything was repeated. Had part of his subconscious anticipated what was going to happen to him today? Wasn't that why he couldn't shake those thoughts of Garrett? Because now it struck him with the force of a sledgehammer that Sanchez must have coveted him at the same time and at the same time must have been envied and hated like his former student. It would have been laughable if it hadn't maneuvered him into such a hopeless situation. He had been struck blind again. Again he was to blame for his situation.
"Mine, you're mine ..." the human man still murmured, roughly yanking Azazel's hair.
Before he could react in any way, he felt how brutally his lips were pressed against his and a tongue tried to penetrate his mouth. Disgust rose in him, but his body still failed him. No! NO!
With the power of despair, Azazel sent his spirit out and met the soldiers standing around. And then his instinct took control.
He felt how reality slipped away from him, he literally slipped and something ancient took possession of him, made his earthly body his own. Deep peace came over him with a mighty bang that made a pleasant shudder through his innermost heart and he gave up all resistance. He let himself be embraced by the black, velvety floods of his mind and sank deeper and deeper into the bottomless, all-encompassing darkness. Peace flowed through every one of his cells and Azazel ceased to think, feel, and exist.
In reality, however, nothing but a slight twitch went through Azazel's pain-distorted body and suddenly any tension escaped from its limbs.
All around, HE felt life pulsing in people and weighed in time with their heartbeats and it sounded too tempting to be able to resist. Now He was in control and His hunting instinct set in, more powerful than ever. Because HE was not a human being, not even a humanoid like his host body, but a hunter. And an absolutely deadly one at that HE stretched hard in all directions, whirling up dust and leaves, as HE poured into his prey within a fraction of a second and mercilessly tore her to the ground, only visible to the stunted eye of man as a short flicker in the air. But those who expected a slaughter must sigh disappointed now. Because neither people went to the ground screeching and bleeding from greedily torn wounds, nor did they notice HIS presence at all. It just fell only death to the ground. Because it wasn't in HIS way to attack the physical body of HIS prey. But to soak up life that pulsed through it.
The collected energies of HIS victim billowed in HIM and somewhat relieved the burning in HIS throat that never really wanted to disappear, because HIS host did not allow HUN to hunt as HIS nature intended, but fed HIM with the weak reverberation of life in the blood of its prey from. It was enough to survive, but it never satisfied His craving for food as it once did when HE had another host who was truly subordinate to HIM.
He faintly remembered the intoxication of the week-long hunts when the innkeepers had not yet started to fight back and HE had left his old body and found this new one on the brink of death, but still intact enough to give HIM a home until HE found something better. But HE had lost control and now he was trapped here, unable to find a new host, because the beings on this planet were too weak to endure HIM and so he was forever bound to the only one who had managed HIS power so far to resist.
Eager to finally be allowed to play with his prey again, HE returned the passionate kiss of the man, who in his ignorance had not noticed what was happening around him and that he was about to die. HE roughly took the soft face of man between HIS hands and did not care about it like mad scratching and beating when HE brutally tore HIS teeth against his lips and prickly blood on his tongue. He bit more and more wildly into the twitching flesh, tore and tugged and only let go of HIS victim when all resistance was weakened and it just hung lifelessly between HIS hands. And that was the moment when HE fought hard to keep the upper hand, because the oppressed spirit of HIS host is slowly turning back from the black shoals into which HE had pushed him. But He lost. As always.
Azazel had sunk deep into the leaden blackness of his mind. It had never been this deep. But it did not bother him, because this heavenly feeling of peace still lulled him warmly, lay like a blanket over him and locked out all evil. This is how he imagined motherly love. Mother love ... mother love? A gnawing sense of urgency took possession of Azazel, and although he wanted it again, he could not suppress it and let himself be carried away by the infinity.
Mother love ... mother ... love ... mother? Mother! He jerked into a sitting position in shock, and though he was still surrounded by impenetrable blackness, cold crept into his bones and made him shake. Anjay Akthar. They. And this lie from her supposedly terminally ill child. That's why he was here. Because of you. To visit the house. Whatever await him there. As soon as this knowledge reached his brain, he felt like he was being pulled up through a tube. The black gave way to a mesmerizing gray and shortly afterwards such a garish white that Azazel's eyes narrowed blindly.
Blinking, he opened it again and his entire body immediately jumped, startled. He was back in the real world, he knew that for sure. Because he stared into what had once been the face of Alexis Sanchez and even in Azazel - which boasted that it had seen a lot of cruelty and done more - caused a brief moment of self-disgust. Almost panicked, he pulled his hands back and the bleeding mass sank to the floor. Here and there he could even see bones with clear gnaw marks. Was it him? Of course he was, fool! But he couldn't do it at all ...
But the thought remained unfinished, for his eyes grew large and round when he saw the dead mercenaries lying around in a neat circle and felt something. Or rather, felt the absence of something. And he started trembling slightly with his lips pressed together. The life. It was gone. Where it should have once flowed through people's bodies, he felt real holes in the fine tissue of nature. They were tattered and frayed in the air, where the men and women had stood when death overtook them. An icy feeling began to make his chest tight.
Something lurked behind it, behind the veil of life that lay over everything in this world, in this universe, and although Azazel had no idea what it was, the prospect that this nameless horror could come to his planet filled him with one so fearful that it took his breath away. Path. He had to get out of here.
With rocker He staggered to his feet in unnatural movements, forgetting that he actually had a rather painful wound on his thigh, and still stumbled away from Sanchez's body with an oppressive feeling in his heart. He had done that ?! He must have slipped off again. That was not good. No, that was not a good thing. His self-disgust grew and it was only with difficulty that he regained his composure somewhat. Path. He had to get out of here. Just away from this patch of earth!
Almost panicked, Azazel whirled around and ran as fast as his feet carried him. It was simply acceptable that his injury had healed without a trace, even though it had been infiltrated with silver. Up to the only promising place in its vicinity. The House.

Chapter 21
The House, United States, October 31, 10:52 p.m.
His breath came in a harsh rhythm over his slightly opened lips as he hurried along the winding gravel path as if in a trance. His head felt like it was stuffed with cotton and he couldn't think clearly. But his body didn't care, he just kept going on and on. He stubbed his big toe hard and the pain that made Azazel jump, broke his chasing scraps of memory. He stared, petrified, at the grain of the board he'd run into. He had to calm down, otherwise he would still come to the devil's kitchen!
Closing his eyes, he held his breath and laid his head against the still warm wood of the front door in front of him. Careful to clear his mind, he released his breath. His heart paused briefly before resuming his tireless work, but beating more slowly, even though his pounding had lost none of its intensity. Dull and steady, it pumped blood gush for blood gush through its veins, providing energy for even the smallest and most distant cell. A marvel of nature ...
With a silent sigh, he snatched his attention away from these useless, philosophical gadgets and concentrated on what would await him on the other side of the door. He had absolutely no idea. And that somehow annoyed him, even if a small part of Azazel remained strangely untouched by it. Was that the sensible or unreasonable?
With iron self-control, he scraped the last bit of courage and put his hand on the curved handle. The drying blood rose hard from his skin and drew ominous patterns on the chalk-white surface. Quickly shooing away the dark thoughts that came back, he pressed his hand down and the door swung inward with a soft buzzing sound that deafened loudly in the grave silence to reveal an empty, high-ceilinged entrance hall from which various closed doors seemed to open. But none seemed to be calling him. Because his gaze was magically drawn to the staircase, which meandered elegantly on the wall to his left and ended up in a blackened gallery opposite him. Still standing as ordered and not picked up, Azazel pretended to weigh the situation like hundreds of times before, although his decision had already been made when his eyes first touched the entrance hall.
He walked carefully through the hall, leaving the door open behind him carelessly, and approached the stationary fountain in the middle. The water swayed gently in the basin, carefully lined with mosaics, as his fingertips ran gently over the cool water. Azazel was fascinated by the drops of water that dripped from them and washed the dark lines and spots off his skin. Filled with sudden urgency, Azazel dipped his hands in the (oddly) ice-cold water and rubbed hard to release the horror that stained him. The physical evidence of his monstrous side had to go, he just had to go away, and maybe Azazel could pretend that he had washed himself away from his sins.
He scrubbed his hands and face with a stubborn expression until his fingers became very stiff from the cold and began to tremble. But the cold just stunned, he still felt dirty and stained, and he clearly doubted that this would ever change again in the coming years, and maybe even centuries.
With clenched teeth and clenched fists, he turned gracefully on the spot and with purposeful steps he silently moved towards the stairs. He had no idea what to expect, he knew that, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He was just too ready for it and with his nerves visibly on the verge of collapse after the events of the night. He just wanted to get it over with and then sleep. He grumpily massaged the top of his nose between his eyes with his thumb and forefinger. He felt a wave of headaches begin. Yes, sleep. Best for the next hundred years.
A faint whisper tore Azazel out of his thoughts and he immediately merged with the abundant shadows. Only now did he notice that nowhere was a lamp illuminating the darkness. Strange. Tense he crept along the gallery, listening to closed doors, but not feeling a pounding heart behind it. So on. Another fine breeze carried a breath of voice to his sensitive ears. But where did their origin lie? The passage weaved ever deeper into the guts of the house. Azazel let himself be driven by his instincts and climbed up and down stairs, turned left, then right again and soon lost his bearings. Again and again he stopped, his head crooked, his eyes half closed. Again and again the voice crept up to him, sometimes louder, sometimes quieter, but always audible for his fine predator senses.
During his search, the thought occurred to him that it was strange that no guards bothered him, but after a few minutes of thinking, Azazel frowned and just shrugged and walked on. Who knew what people were thinking? If they had thought at all.
And suddenly the presence of people came over him, so that he almost fell down in surprise and could only keep wildly rowing with his arms on his feet. There, to his right.
Azazel stared at the ordinary-looking door with narrowed eyes. He could not find a sign that would give him information about the occupant or the purpose of the room. The constant whispering had grown into a melodious voice that sparkled gently through the Door opened to Azazel and sent a shiver down his spine.
As if pulled by invisible threads from an equally invisible puppeteer, his right hand nourished the doorknob and remained suspended in the air only a few millimeters above the metal. Now he saw it. Delicately engraved and barely visible above the keyhole, two intertwined snakes were emblazoned on one another, biting each other's tails to form the symbol of infinity. The same symbol he'd noticed shortly before escaping from his three-year prison, but never got around to looking at it. Strange ... now that he thought about it, he noticed that he had seen and registered it more often, albeit unconsciously.
The blood left his face and he became whiter than he used to be. He had seen it almost everywhere. It had been on the stick that Sari kakis had sent him to get the evidence videos against her and Susann Black. It had been stamped small on the bottom of papers on Sari kaki’s desk, barely visible to Kristóf's pistol.
And suddenly the realization hit him: it was their symbol. The symbol of Bioresearch Cooperation. He had never been truly free from her all along. Sari kakis and they had worked together. And he could have known it all the time.
But the expected storm inside, fed by hate and anger, failed to materialize. Frowning, Azazel listened to herself. No, there was nothing. No hatred, no anger, not even a hint of annoyance. He felt numb. He didn't feel anything. Where did his emotions go? Why didn't he feel what he should have felt with such a terrible revelation?
Azazel tiredly wiped his face with his hand. No, no more questions. Staring dully in front of him, he put his fingers around the doorknob and took one last deep breath he turned it over and pushed the door open inside. Noiselessly he entered the large room and looked at the source of the voice. Feeling a strange tug in his chest, he registered the many pictures and photo frames that adorned the barren walls, even if their inhabitants remained hidden from his eyes. Across from him was a window in the masonry that would allow the room to be bathed in bright sunlight throughout the day.
The middle of the room was dominated by a small bed, on the top of which there were devices and boxes that looked incomprehensible to Azazel. Artificially twisted tubes of different thicknesses and lengths wriggled down from them to a small figure on the mattress, the raising and lowering of the chest, as well as the regular pounding of the tender heart, provided information that life was in it.
Azazel's breath stopped for a moment. A child. It was a child. A sick child. Her child. Susann Black was right. So it was true. Or?
"Come closer to Azazel and please close the door," came the melancholy voice of Anjay Akthar, ruler of his own personal hell, mistress of his spirit and his life.
His unsteady gaze wandered to the figure seated to the right of the child, who smiled sadly at him and rustled the book from which she had been reading and dropped it into her lap.
"Come on, Azazel," she repeated, and the addressee obeyed.
His feet moved to the left as if by remote control of the bed and he eyed the petite shape of her child. The eyes were sunken in their sockets and gave the shaved skull the aura of a skull. A thick tube disappeared between the chapped, torn lips, a much thinner snaked to the crook of his arm and aimed at the vein under the skin. The rest of the body was hidden by a freshly washed blanket, but he could guess how thin and twisted the young body had to be due to the long immobility. Azazel couldn't help shivering. He knew that sight. He had looked that way not long ago. Almost the same.
"You will come earlier than I expected you to." He struggled to pull himself out of the dim memories.
"What am I doing here, Anjay Akthar?" He asked gently into the spreading silence and released his gaze from the child's body in front of him to look her expressionlessly.
"You came voluntarily. Tell me, ”she replied, and began to stroke the child's head gently.
With a sigh, Azazel shook her head slightly and closed her eyes wearily.
"They know very well that they always had me where they wanted me to be. All the time, even when I thought I had escaped her grip. Even when I had given up all my pride and submitted to Sari kakis, it was you who held the strings in your hand, didn't you? I was never really and truly free. "
"No Azazel, you weren't. I would never have let you walk around defenseless and unattended. You are far too valuable for me for that, ”she replied and the corners of her mouth formed the premonition of a smile.
"Precious? Me or my cursed body? ”Asked Azazel bitterly and slowly the old fire glowed in his eyes again.
"Everything about you is precious, Azazel. You are unique. You are the key. Do you understand? ”, She asked still smiling and her eyes stroked the small figure in front of her.
Azazel looked between her with an unreadable expression and the child back and forth.
"Was it all worth it? All the dead, all the blood spilled? "
"Yes, that was it, Azazel. As long as there is hope, everything will make sense. "
Her expression was overshadowed by slight grief.
"His name is Ramesh."
For a moment, Azazel was completely confused.
"Who?" He involuntarily escaped.
"My son. His name is Ramesh, like his father and his father before. He'll be 11 next spring. ”
Azazel preferred not to respond. What could he have said? He really had no idea about such family stuff.
"You know, Azazel, at the beginning I didn't notice how it started. How he retreated more and more, became quieter. I was too busy with my career, I was always on the go, always on the move, rarely at home. I feel guilty. So very guilty. Who knows what his last conscious memory of me is? What did I say to him Does he know how much he actually means to me? “, She said more and more softly without taking her eyes off her son.
A painful knot formed in Azazel's stomach, but remained untouched and silent on the outside. What should the whole thing be? Why did she tell him all of this? Why hadn't he been locked behind her long ago?
His eyes flickered to the sick child in front of him. What about this one? He carefully stretched out his mind and deliberately groped for that of the human. But he didn't find him. With a frown, he tried again. Because even when someone was passed out, he actually found man's dreams, but with this one he saw absolutely nothing. Stop! There was something. Hardly noticeable if you didn't know what you were looking for. A little consciousness flickered like a candle in the storm in the child. Azazel concentrated more, but he still couldn't make out what the child was thinking or what he was dreaming of. What did it have? Distressed appeared
Azazel rose again from the depths of his mind and turned to her.
"Tell me what you want from me, Anjay Akthar," he repeated his question from earlier.
"It would never have happened if I had looked after him better. This terrible accident would never have happened and he would be laughing happily with me now if I help him with his homework or play soccer with his friends outside or ... if only I were ... "she ignored Azazel's request and her voice broke as she did so struggled against a burst of tears. An accident? So that had happened? Was the boy's brain too badly damaged to contain a ghost?
Azazel was completely overwhelmed. What should he do you comfort, even if it was his personal definition of all the evils in the world? Use your distraction and end it all once and for all? The silence seemed to continue to grow stretch and he could hardly breathe. His heart thundered violently in his chest and his blood roared in his ears. Again and again the same question is pounding through his empty brain: what should he do? He had to do something! But what only?
He silently stepped closer to the hospital bed and ran his fingers gently over the human child's temple, very clearly aware of the slightly hopeful look that followed his every move. Taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes and sank into the depths of himself until he was surrounded by impenetrable blackness. Concentrated, he let his mind wander over his arm into the child's body and gently began to spread water in it.
Startled, he flinched and his eyes snapped open as he stumbled a few steps back. Where the child's brain was supposed to be, nothing was right. Crude, beaded structures and dead corners alternated with fine, perfectly working fabric. But Azazel instinctively understood that there was no hope for the little man. He could try to heal, but the brain was far too complex an organ to save was clearly beyond his ability. The trained healers of his old home planet might have been able to, but he? Even with his help, it would never be the same again. Not even a bit. What tremendous force did the boy have to hit against something hard to create such a picture of destruction?
"You saw it, didn't you? It's too late, ”whispered Anjay Akthar.
Azazel just nodded mechanically. She started to cry softly. they
believed no trusted him to speak the truth?
Exhausted by the effort of the past half hour, he leaned against the wall and let himself slide down until it was sitting on the floor. He breathed in and out deeply and put his forehead against his knees to briefly hide the world around him. As foolish as it was, something told him that he was safe at the moment. And so he let his thoughts run free.
He knew deep inside that he wasn't big enough to just put aside what she'd done to him on her mission to save her child at all costs and forgive or at least forget her. But on the other hand he could understand her striving and her absolute obsession to cling to every little bit of hope as if it were her anchor in life. Now everything made sense. Which mother wouldn't give everything for her child? Love truly brought out the best and the worst in one. Azazel understood that too well. Only that made it impossible for him with the same intensity to hate like all the months before that had led to this moment. It could just let go and disappear. In its dissolved state, it would go without major complications and it would be free. But he couldn't. Also because she would no doubt find him again if she felt like it
Azazel had no illusions about that. No, the real reason was simply that he could, but - if he was mercilessly honest with himself - didn't want to. He wanted to keep hating, he wanted to lurk at the right moment to tear them apart, and he wanted to make allies and to throw them at the right moment to the enemy. If he left now, his life would be meaningless.
Because the constant back and forth, back and forth, this eternal Dance between Azazel and Anjay Akthar was the only thing he knew and was familiar with in this new era. A bitter smile crept onto his face. He needed her. He might hate them more than anything else in the world (which was admittedly difficult if you understood the enemy), but they were bound together. Whether he wanted it or not. He would never be able to kill her. Azazel realized that at that moment. What use was freedom if he lost everything he knew and appreciated? And something inside him broke into thousands of fragments.
With a heavy sigh, he got up and circled the hospital bed to kneel next to the now crying woman. His fingers gently gripped her tear-wet chin and lifted her somewhat haggard face, so that the two former opponents looked into each other's eyes.
"Anjay, why didn't you just ask me for help?" Azazel said gently. The eyes of the human woman were impossible to grow.
"Who ... What ...?" She stammered inarticulate, just staring blankly at him. With a deep breath, Azazel began to explain:
"When you took me in ... after - um -
Tallinn incident, do you remember? You sprayed me something, I don't know to what, but it made me forget who I really was. Not even now I really know. Anyway ... ", Azazel continued," I was empty and you filled this emptiness. You were my wife mother and me loved you more than anything else on earth I would have done everything for you. Everything. I murdered and tortured for you, spied and even broke my finger myself. All for a smile and a few words of pride in me from you. Why didn't you just ask me if I can heal your son? Why all this detour? Immortal soldiers? Really?"
“I needed money for research. The military always pays and it pays well. Very good, actually, "she replied dully, still looking at Azazel stunned," Did you really ... did you have? "Her eyes flickered hesitantly to her child.
"I don't know, Anjay. I can't tell you, ”Azazel replied thoughtfully, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear.
"Would you now ...?", She started almost shyly and there was a slight hope in her voice. Frowning, Azazel looked at Anjay Akthar until she began to shift restlessly in her chair.
"What has changed? Where is your certainty, yours Remained absolutism? Why are you asking and not forcing as before? ”, He expressed his confusion and skillfully avoided her actual question, which he did not want to answer.
Because then the game would be over and he was not ready to return to the unknown, noisy world outside the house. He didn't know what to think of the new Akthar. In the end, did she just fool him? Or had she just dropped all the masks?
"I just can't do it anymore, Azazel. Ramesh's condition has deteriorated over the past few months and research has progressed. We are at a dead end and there is no going back and forth. Your resistance didn't exactly help the situation either. So I had to make a decision: Do I stay on the path I have followed, continue to doggedly continue my search, always hoping to achieve a breakthrough and lose sight of the actual goal? Or do I spend the last days in My child's life with this? I chose Azazel, even if it was the hardest decision of my life. I let go. Because of you. " Now Azazel had been completely thrown out of the concept.
Because of him?
"Yes, because of you. I tried to break you and recreate you according to my ideas. Always hoping to find out the secret of your immortality. It would have been the beginning of a new life not only for Ramesh, but also for millions of other seriously ill people. But the more you fought your way out of my grasp, the more research stalled, the more I saw that there are things that nobody can change. It was incredibly difficult for me to accept that and a not so small part of me still wants to drag you into my laboratory and continue to research. It itches my fingertips. ”She smiled wryly, but it was no joy to read her eyes. Lost in thought, she began to stroke her child's cheek again.
“Death is part of life and inevitable, Azazel. You cannot compete with nature, however much you wish. You taught me that and I'm kind of grateful to you for that. Even though I know that you will probably never forgive me for what I did to you in the name of my research, I still say it with all my heart: I am sorry, Azazel. "
As if moved by thunder, he jumped up and gaped at the woman in front of him. You were sorry? After everything she'd done to him, had she just flung him aside like a broken piece of toy? Are you serious ?! He desperately tries to let the old hatred flare up again, but he keeps slipping away. Azazel stared lost in thought. What should he do now that he couldn't hate anymore? He wanted to go. But he couldn't. It was crazy!
"Azazel? Azazel! ”Came a voice from far away and the world came back into focus.
"Yes?" He answered tonelessly without looking up.
"Please answer one last question before you do what you came for," she began, and now she had Azazel's full attention, "Can you heal Ramesh?"
A melancholy smile crept onto his face and he only shook his head slightly. All hope disappeared from her eyes and she literally slumped down. The silence became deafening until another jolt went through it:
"Can't you or ... don't you want? Please punish me for my sins, kill me, and torture me for what I did to you. But please, I'm begging you, Azazel, please don't punish my child, my only child. He didn't deserve it. Nobody deserves this. You're welcome. Please, "it bubbled out of her and she threw herself at his feet," Azazel please. I will never ask anything from you again. I will forget that you exist. I will do anything for you, but please, please, help Ramesh! Azazel ... "
"Shhhhh," he said soothingly to the dissolved pile of misery at his feet and thought hard.
What was he supposed to tell her? The truth, even if it was painful? Or sweet lies of hope so that they could continue to play his selfish game and that he didn't have to deal with the right world and new times? Oh, how itched in his fingertips ... And then the world exploded in pain.
With a loud, sharp cry, Azazel dropped to her knees and suddenly found herself at eye level with her. The certainty in her eyes did not bode well, that was immediately clear to him.
"What the hell is that about?" He managed to grind out between his gritted teeth and his groping hand finally found the source of all evil.
With a nauseating sound, he pulled the syringe out of his calf and threw it high away from him. It clattered against the wall and shattered broken glass on the floor. Was it self-defense? She really thought he would she still want to kill? How many times had he dreamed of it, but now that the time had come, he couldn't bring himself to do it out of pure, stupid selfishness. But did she also know that he knew? How well did they know each other? Certainly not as good as they thought.
"Finally tell me the truth, Azazel. Enough begging enough of the farce. Can. You. Ramesh. Save? ”She bit out between her bared teeth and Azazel felt the world go dull around him.
"No, I can't do that," his lips formed without his intervention and, cursing inwardly, he fought against this new, damned serum that made him a will less doll in her hands. You wanted the truth? You got the truth! The truth could be cruel than any lie. Azazel reluctantly indulged in the old hatred that had taken over his thinking again. Finally.
"Why not? I saw you do it. With Ms. Heikkinen. You healed a cut on her thumb when she fell asleep at the desk! I saw it, Azazel. You can do it. Why not at Ramesh? "
“His injuries are too complex. The brain is too complex. I can't restore it, ”Azazel's body replied dully, and Azazel felt a brief hint of malice when he saw the knowledge flare in her eyes.
"Don't lie to me!" She cried out in pain and grabbed his hair painfully to pull his head over to him.
"Never, Anjay Akthar," replied his body and these words now they seemed to have finally broken.
Howling, she wrapped her arms around him and sobbed against his chest. Damned, Azazel sat there waiting to see what would come next. Was the whole conversation just a clever staging? Had he let her fool him again and fooled him?
"Comfort me!" She ordered almost in a whisper and without hesitation he had to follow her command.
He gently stroked her shoulder-length hair and whispered sweet trifles in her ear:
"Everything will be fine, don't cry Anjay. I'm here. I am always there for you, always ... "
It was terrible. But he couldn't go against her instructions, no matter how hard he tried to fight back. He was too weak. His mind registered approaching people, but without his body his special meaning was useless and he was completely defenseless.
He kicked his mind more and more violently against the fog to regain control. For a moment he had the idea of ​​using his companion again, which caused a pleasant tingling deep inside. But he immediately rejected this idea. He couldn't afford to lose control again. The one time was already too much.
"Kiss me", it broke through his dark thoughts and in horror (and also disgust) he had to watch his lips approach hers until they touched each other.
Of course Azazel had used his body as a tool before and skillful seduction was nothing new to him. But it had never triggered such contradicting feelings in him as this one kiss. He hated every second, but couldn't help shivering. His tongue gently stroked her lower lip and asked for admission. Which she granted him. Their tongues began to dance lazily around and Anjay Akthar groaned in his arms and Azazel w just couldn't make sense of this human woman. What was it that made everyone want him, whether man or woman? What was he in her eyes?
"Bite me. Punish me for my failure, Azazel, ”she breathlessly demanded after being forced to detach from the ongoing lack of air. He was only too happy to comply with this order. How long had he longed to taste of her. It has been said that blood from enemies tastes particularly sweet. Slowly his lips, swollen from kissing, nourished the throbbing pulse under the tender skin of her neck 'when the door crashed open and a shot tore the silence around her.
Roaring pain rushed through his body when a bullet hit him and pierced muscles and bones under his left shoulder blade to tear his heart apart and kick it out on the other side of his body. With a violent jerk he was thrown forward and remained lying panting. Blood seeped gush after gush from the torn arteries and filled his lungs with dark liquid so that he slowly but surely no longer got air. Coughing, he choked out a little juice of life, it flowed black down the corner of his mouth like the night, but it hardly helped against the increasingly dawn.
He had been so distracted that he had completely forgotten the approaching people. A crude, hysterical laugh rose in him and emerged, bubbling between his bared teeth. More blood dripped from his lips. How could he have forgotten her?
With an effort, but still grinning crookedly, he raised his head as the tingle of blood hit him and soaked the air around him. It just smelled like that ...? And then he suddenly noticed what was missing. Your heartbeat. He threw away. But there she lay and looked at him blankly. What didn't he notice? His eyes went wide and widened when they noticed the wound on her stomach. That's where all the blood smelling so delicious came from. But he didn't understand ...?
When he gave up sucking senseless air into his maltreated lungs, hurried steps circled him and one of the many nameless and faceless mercenaries appeared in his field of vision. What was he doing? Azazel still didn't understand.
Somehow excited, he watched the soldier lean over Anjay Akthar and put his hand on her neck. Then he leaned over her and cocked his head askew over her slightly opened lips as if listening to something. With a sigh, the man got to his feet and looked behind Azazel, probably to his comrades. Darkness began to gnaw at the edge of his vision, but he fought hard against her. Just a few more seconds! Only until he found out what was going on!
"She is dead," said the man in a firm voice.
The world started to spin faster and faster and Azazel was forced to close his eyes. Dead. Was she dead? But how…? The sphere must have been so powerful that it had drilled through it into his body, the scientific part of his mind analyzed as it threatened to sink into the boiling flood of his emotions. No. No no...! It couldn't be! He felt the burning tears of despair and frustration in the corner of his eye. She couldn't be dead! It was all he had. Everything he knew. Everything he hated and loved at the same time. Dead? No no no! But then every thought faded as the darkness swept over Azazel and hid him in her comforting embrace.

Chapter 22
Atoll Nui, Tuvalu, Pacific Ocean, November 04, 12:01 p.m.
Inhale, exhale. Breath in, breath out. Breathe in, exhale.
His mind was completely empty when Azazel sucked air into his lungs again and again, only to then use them to escape again. His heart was pounding in his chest steadily and annoyingly. His red eyes rested on a thread of silver swaying gently in the wind of the air conditioner. He blinked lazily. Long, shiny hair caressed his cool cheeks when a fine gust made it dance. He was healthy again. Completely healed as if nothing had ever happened. He was bursting with energy and strength. How much he hated it. How much he hated his cursed body. Immortality. Only a fool would want her! He had lost everything he had. There was no longer a reason for him to deal with the world out there. No more.
"Fools, cursed, blinded fools, all together!", He grumbled quietly and lost himself in memories of earlier times, "Yes, that's good. Nothing happened. None of this happened, it was all just a crude dream, just a dream ... "
"No, Azazel, it wasn't. And you know it, ”came a sharp voice behind him and only a slight twitch let the attentive observer know that the person addressed was startled.
"What do you want from me? Anjay Akthar is ... she is ... "Azazel whispered without turning to the professor. He pressed his eyelids hard. He didn't want to see anymore.
"Yes, she's dead. As much as I regret it. But there was no other way, ”came the voice of Sari kaki, causing Azazel to freeze inwardly.
"No other possibilities. No other possibility? “, The white-haired boy almost shrill and he had to laugh. So much like not in weeks. Crouching and panting, he lay on the floor and could hardly calm down.
"Would you be kind enough to tell us what's so funny? Maybe we want to laugh too? ”Asked the professor with slight disapproval in her voice. Azazel could practically see her frown.
"You" was the only understandable word of the laughing one.
"We? What was so funny about my statement that you have barely been able to breathe with laughter for five minutes? ”Sari kakis wanted to know. Only more laughter answered him.
"You, how you come strolling in here as if nothing had happened. As if not everything has changed. As if everything was as before. So stupid, so blind, so human, ”Azazel finally managed to take a few deep breaths to calm down.
He knew exactly where it was going. The laughter was just the beginning symptom. Oh, he knew only too well what would follow. After all, he'd been through it all before. Back then, at home. Madness would rule him again sooner or later. He would rule him, Azazel now understood. His companion was not one. He was a parasite and Azazel was his host body. HIS kind must once have brought fate to its home planet. Somehow Azazel had managed to keep HIM in check. He had even learned to live with him and take advantage of his presence. No wrong ... Azazel frowned and ignored the increasingly loud calls from the two people outside his cage.
That was it! They both had learned to get along. This finding was confirmed by a buzzing deep in his bones, and Azazel shivered when he understood that He had given his consent.
"Azazel damn it! Wake up!"
"What?" He snapped angrily. His head jerked around and hit the eyes of his former allies for the first time since her death. Allies? Pah, had they ever been? 
Treacherous snakes. No, not snakes. The poor animals really didn't deserve that.
Hatred blazed inside him, glaring and radiant and starved to feel something, to own something, Azazel grabbed him and embraced the all-consuming feeling. Power flowed through him, and every cell in his body felt like it was bursting with tension. With one smooth movement he got to his feet and turned to the mortals.
"You!", He hissed, "What do you think you are doing, people?", He literally spat the word into the woman's and man's faces, who were puzzled by his sudden change of feeling.
Azazel was moving too quickly for the human eye to reach his victims, but was gagged backwards. Coughing and stumbling, he looked down at himself and only now noticed the massive ring of metal around his neck, which connected him to the wall with a chain of very hard-looking links and clinked with every little movement. How h can he hide that? But much more urgent: what was that about? Just put a collar on and tie him up like a wild animal! You dared ...!
"What's up with you? You're rid of Akthar, Azazel. She can no longer do anything to you, she can never capture you and lock you up again! ”Sari kakis called and now Azazel's anger knew no limits.
"Don't capture anymore? Lock up ?! And what do you think ?! “, he exploded and tugged hard on the metal chain,
"How can you presume to speak of freedom when you are no better than she and chained me like a mangy dog! Release me immediately and let me go! You have what you wanted! "
"We cannot let you go, Azazel", the professor interjected quietly and the regret in her voice stopped Azazel in his frenzy.
"Why not?" He demanded to know and cold certainty rose in him. No no no!
“As long as you are a danger to yourself and others, we are unfortunately forced to keep you here. So I'm sorry, Azazel. ”Yes, most definitely.
"Don't worry, it's all for your protection. If we classify you as trustworthy - which will certainly not take long - we promise you that you can go. So please, pull yourself together and calm down! ”Sari kakis continued.
Azazel's mouth opened and closed for a few seconds without a sound coming from his lips. He was just stunned. What audacity did they have to lie so bluntly in his face?
"Trustworthy? I? What about you? Why should I believe you? Hm? Azazel asked, raising an eyebrow. But then he was curious.
"What…? Well, we helped you track down Akthar! Hid you from their eyes! Show some gratitude! What do you think, what was at stake for me? Just to iron out the consequences of your escapades! ”Raged Sari kakis and not only Azazel stared at him in surprise.
What were the new sounds? Where was the cunning, the cunning? Was that his real me? Azazel had to say that he didn't like it very much. And the professor was apparently new to this man as well.
"Gratitude, you say?" Azazel sneered, "For what? That, in contrast to Akthar, you lied to me and everyone around you? I never trusted you, Sari kakis, but the others of your small, colorful group, how about them? And with you, Ellen Heikkinen? Do you trust him Because you have to know- "
"Silence!", Azazel's explanations were interrupted rudely, but he simply ignored the angry man and focused entirely on the confused woman at his side:
“-He is not who he claims to be. Damasos Sari kakis, son of Alexandros Sari kakis, the pharmaceutical giant. The two quarreled early and went their separate ways. Unable to inherit his empire, what was Little Damasos doing? Founded his own small group and fought against the big bad capitalism. They were called terrorists, knights in golden armor, so they saw themselves. What has changed Damasos Sari kakis? What connected you to Anjay Akthar? What made you reveal what you had been fighting for so long? I'm curious ... tell me when did you start working with her instead of against her? "
"It's all a lie, that-" he began, but a hiss from Azazel silenced him as invisible hands wrapped around his neck and squeezed slightly warning.
The accused stared at Azazel with a stony expression and seemed to have to wrestle for his composure, while the professor shook a few steps back and looked back and forth between Azazel and her former confidante. She obviously didn't know who to believe less. A manipulative, easily irritable alien who had tortured and lied to her, or a traitorous son of a pharmaceutical company who, to top it all, was also the leader of a terrorist group?
"Yes ... now you see, don't you? Everything lying and drowned. Who wants cold truth if he can have comfortable lies? ”Azazel continued to poison and bared his teeth like a wild animal. He was nothing more in the eyes of people - then he could take off his mask.
"Is that all true, Damasos?" Asked the professor shaken and backed away from both of them towards the exit.
"No, of course not!" Sari kakis contradicted violently and glared at Azazel from the corner of his eye. He knew exactly what Azazel had done. The woman did not really believe this, but the seeds of doubt and mistrust were sown.
With his coat blowing, Sari kakis turned and disappeared from the room, visibly pissed off. Not correct. Cage. Azazel was hot and cold at the same time as d he knowledge seeped into his skull. Captured. Again. All blood left his face and he became ashen.
"Azazel?" Asked the professor quietly when she noticed the change, "What have you got?"
His lower lip began to tremble as soon as he opened his mouth to answer. But his throat was tight. Only now did the full force of knowledge hit him.
"No no. Damn it, please don't… ”, his throat escaped and he jerkily turned to the chain that connected him to the wall. A loud clank made him startle.
The sight of it made his heart race and his throat became tight. Captured. Locked up. Locked away. Forever. NO! He barely felt the tears of despair begin to run from the corner of his eyes, he only heard a woman's voice calling from afar. A tremor seized him violently and a cry of anguish brewed inside him.
Panicking, he put his hands on the metal around his neck and started tugging at it, barely noticing the burns from the silver on it. But it didn't move a millimeter. The panic and irrational fear of captivity in Azazel grew ever higher. He now began to pull hard on the chain to release it from its anchoring in the wall, completely forgetting that even if he broke it, countless threads of the purest silver still surrounded him, making escape impossible. Strong winds - actually physically impossible in a closed room - came up and whirled paper through the air, making hair dance. Outside, above the research station, shimmering purple storm clouds were brewing, suggesting an unusually violent storm. Amazed by the sudden change in weather, the islanders paused to stare at the swirling formations above them. Loud thunder began to growl and sharp screams came as suddenly a bolt of lightning shot out of nowhere and hurled several men through the air. 
But Azazel's overwhelmed spirit simply blocked out everything, including the now panicked human woman outside of his cage, who made a decision with which she should determine Azazel's future life. She disappeared from the room.
At last the information penetrated Azazel's foggy brain that he wasn't doing anything with the tug on the metal chain, so he suddenly let go. The chain rumbled on the floor and Azazel stared blankly at it. Captured. Caught again.
Sobbing, he couldn't pull himself together and sank to the floor, his tear-wet face hiding in his hands. No. That could not be true!
Let go, a soft voice whispered in his head. Who? Oh - ER. But how? Why?
Let go, it whispered again, but his questions remained unanswered.
"Why now? Why not earlier? Why all of this? ”He asked hoarsely and his fingers began to scratch the tender skin of his cheeks more and more until blood ran down them. But Azazel didn't care. Why too? It healed again anyway.
"Why? Why? “, Azazel always escaped.
The only answer was so far.
So far? For what? He couldn't let him take control! Azazel knew only too well what had happened last time and he didn't feel like repeating it. He ate all life and if the veil became too thin, they would all be lost. He, too. Azazel knew that in the depths of his soul.
There was total silence for a few moments. As HE think over Azazel's words.
Together.
"Together?" As one.
"As one? What…?"
Trampling interrupted his conversation, and insane, hysterical laughter broke out again in Azazel. They came. The people. Several weapons were loaded.
With a wild look he fixed the weapons aimed at him as he leaned up. But then he saw the professor, half hidden behind the muscle mountains. And every bit of affection that he had once cherished for her was gone forever. She had brought the soldiers with the silver bullets here. Had he once longed for her to be something like a mother to him?
“Damn dirty pack. Scum, ”he hissed, knowing that not all of his anger was due to himself. A part not to be despised came from HIM.
Ellen Heikkinen was no better than Sari kakis. It was worse. Judas. Traitor. She knew he saw that in her eyes, even if she tried to hide it behind a concerned mask. She was only too aware of the pain she would cause him. And she accepted it approvingly. For the good of mankind. Pah.
"Look at them, my friend. Look at them closely. How they strutted in here. Thinking they could do something with their ridiculous metal pipes. So he knowledge seeped into his skull. Captured. Again. All blood left his face and he became ashen.
"Azazel?" Asked the professor quietly when she noticed the change, "What have you got?"
His lower lip began to tremble as soon as he opened his mouth to answer. But his throat was tight. Only now did the full force of knowledge hit him.
"No no. Damn it, please don't… ”, his throat escaped and he jerkily turned to the chain that connected him to the wall. A loud clank made him startle.
The sight of it made his heart race and his throat became tight. Captured. Locked up. Locked away. Forever. NO! He barely felt the tears of despair begin to run from the corner of his eyes, he only heard a woman's voice calling from afar. A tremor seized him violently and a cry of anguish brewed inside him.
Panicking, he put his hands on the metal around his neck and started tugging at it, barely noticing the burns from the silver on it. But it didn't move a millimeter. The panic and irrational fear of captivity in Azazel grew ever higher. He now began to pull hard on the chain to release it from its anchoring in the wall, completely forgetting that even if he broke it, countless threads of the purest silver still surrounded him, making escape impossible. Strong winds - actually physically impossible in a closed room - came up and whirled paper through the air, making hair dance. Outside, above the research station, shimmering purple storm clouds were brewing, suggesting an unusually violent storm. Amazed by the sudden change in weather, the islanders paused to stare at the swirling formations above them. Loud thunder began to growl and sharp screams came as suddenly a bolt of lightning shot out of nowhere and hurled several men through the air.
But Azazel's overwhelmed spirit simply blocked out everything, including the now panicked human woman outside of his cage, who made a decision with which she should determine Azazel's future life. She disappeared from the room.
At last the information penetrated Azazel's foggy brain that he wasn't doing anything with the tug on the metal chain, so he suddenly let go. The chain rumbled on the floor and Azazel stared blankly at it. Captured. Caught again.
Sobbing, he couldn't pull himself together and sank to the floor, his tear-wet face hiding in his hands. No. That could not be true!
Let go, a soft voice whispered in his head. Who? Oh - ER. But how? Why?
Let go, it whispered again, but his questions remained unanswered.
"Why now? Why not earlier? Why all of this? ”He asked hoarsely and his fingers began to scratch the tender skin of his cheeks more and more until blood ran down them. But Azazel didn't care. Why too? It healed again anyway.
"Why? Why? “, Azazel always escaped.
The only answer was so far.
So far? For what? He couldn't let him take control! Azazel knew only too well what had happened last time and he didn't feel like repeating it. He ate all life and if the veil became too thin, they would all be lost. He, too. Azazel knew that in the depths of his soul.
There was total silence for a few moments. As HE think over Azazel's words.
Together.
"Together?" As one.
"As one? What…?"
Trampling interrupted his conversation, and insane, hysterical laughter broke out again in Azazel. They came. The people. Several weapons were loaded.
With a wild look he fixed the weapons aimed at him as he leaned up. But then he saw the professor, half hidden behind the muscle mountains. And every bit of affection that he had once cherished for her was gone forever. She had brought the soldiers with the silver bullets here. Had he once longed for her to be something like a mother to him?
“Damn dirty pack. Scum, ”he hissed, knowing that not all of his anger was due to himself. A part not to be despised came from HIM.
Ellen Heikkinen was no better than Sari kakis. It was worse. Judas. Traitor. She knew he saw that in her eyes, even if she tried to hide it behind a concerned mask. She was only too aware of the pain she would cause him. And she accepted it approvingly. For the good of mankind. Pah.
"Look at them, my friend. Look at them closely. How they strutted in here. Thinking they could do something with their ridiculous metal pipes. So... some dried blood from her cheek and showed them a predatory laugh. Time seemed to stand still. Every muscle was tense. And then fate took its course.
A shot cracked and a bullet spun toward Azazel in slow motion. The man made a dismissive gesture, as if he were chasing away an annoying insect, and the bullet turned shortly in front of his face to disappear to the right of his field of vision. Azazel cocked his head and smiled arrogantly at the people. He looked at his companion with a lazy gaze, but did not give him control over his body. And his mentor led him well.
A screeching sound dropped people to their knees as each silver thread began to pull at its anchor. Azazel concentrated his gift more and more on the destruction of his metal prison, surrendered to the stream of pure energy from within and rode on the wave of elation. The first wire came loose and fell gently to the floor. Fear crept deeper and deeper into people's hearts than they were stunned to see the work of destruction. The destruction of the only protection against the monster inside the cage. With a final sound, the upper thread of Azazel's prison thread broke. They danced lazily in the air like a silver seaweed forest deep below the surface of the sea. It was a sight of strange beauty. However, as so often, it was not of long duration. Because suddenly the fine wires froze in the middle of their movement, only to then move at a frenzied speed towards the still paralyzed people.
"Do something! Out of the way! "Finally called a man who
had enough senses to recognize the impending danger. Drilled by years of training to obey orders immediately, the mercenaries responded, including one had the circumspection to pull the terrified professor to the ground.
Needlepoint through its broken ends snapped the threads towards people and pierced uncovered skin in a split second. Loud screams filled the air and Azazel closed his eyes with relish as he listened to his companion enjoying the killing. No. Not correct. Totally wrong. He didn't enjoy killing. But HE just felt what Azazel felt. And just the other way round. They were inseparable. Where did Azazel begin, where did HE end? Azazel was the one who enjoyed it. He was a hunter. He only killed to survive. Azazel, on the other hand ... yes, what about him?
What were all of his feelings, he wondered when he opened his eyes again and silence fell over the action. Anyway, a voice whispered in the back of his head, unimportant. The "smell" of blood was beguiling and reminded Azazel that his last real meal was far too long ago. A little appetizer was definitely in there for him ...
Bare-pointed teeth, he watched the three mercenaries in front of him, behind whose broad back the professor was hiding and now finally managed to escape from the room. A final, disturbed look from wide-eyed, gray eyes met Azazel.
Azazel lurked across the room toward the entrance, almost silently putting one foot in front of the other, wide eyes watching his every move. The crunch of a piece of plaster under his foot tore the leader of the pack - a tall, bald man with a bald head and full beard - a weapon was unloaded from his rigidity and with practiced manipulation and aimed at him. Another dozen of his men got up and followed his lead. Azazel stood still and tried to assess the situation. Should he destroy the ceiling? With HIS help, he felt that there was only a thin layer of glass or metal over him, which he was only too light could break through. Behind it was the endless freedom of the sky and the wind.
Flee or punish? The answer had already been given before the thought was thought through. Quiet protests inside indicated that not all parts of Azazel agreed to this decision. But he had confidence in his skills. He knew what he could do. He would have to trust him if they wanted to work together in the future.
'Your arrogance will be your downfall at some point!', The professor's voice echoed in his mind, over and over again, forming a dissonant chant in his skull, but he simply pushed the memory aside.
He didn't have time for that now. With a barely noticeable turning movement of his hand, he formed a jet black shimmering sword, his beloved katana, in his hand. And made it spin through the air. Satisfied with what he found he took a deep breath and turned his blood red glittering eyes towards his enemies. The people.
He mockingly raised an eyebrow until she almost reached his hairline. Come on if you dare, his eyes said and you could almost hear Azazel purring with delight when everyone responded. Now everything was as it was before. Projectiles came flying at him from all four sides of the room. He jumped off elegantly and turned in the middle of the jump into the horizontal. He felt the sharp air currents when the missiles missed him by a few centimeters. He closed his lids unconsciously when gravity began to work again. It whirled around its own axis a few more times before crouching back on earth.
He was immediately on his feet again and turned his upper body sharply to the side when something was shot at him again. He skillfully pecked the next floor out of the air as he raced toward the crowd around the professor. With full, He threw her back to the sender and threw himself forward at the same time.
They collided hard and both went down. Azazel grabbed the man by the collar and hit her foreheads with full force, which cut out the soldiers' light. With a half turn he stood face to face to the mercenary aiming at him and kicked the gun on his hands while he was turning. As it flew away in a high arc, Azazel got up again and let his katana hiss through the air. The man dropped to his knees with a gargle as the blade cut through body armor, flesh and bone like butter. Blood gushed out of dark streams and soaked man's clothes. But Azazel was not at the sight. He was already focused on his next victim.
With a jerk he stabbed the boy approaching diagonally from behind into the intestines and pulled it powerfully up towards his neck until blood came out of it again. At the same time, he kicked the man behind his back, causing him to stumble, panting, and give Azazel enough time to free his sword from the dead. The soldier had recovered so far that he could point the weapon at Azazel and managed to pull the trigger. Just a few millimeters away from his ear, the bullet whizzed past harmlessly and cut only a few bright strands of his hair that gently sailed down to earth.
His punishment came immediately when Azazel spun around and growled at the man. This was too perplexed to react and therefore got Azazel's razor-sharp teeth rammed into the larynx. He brutally bit and tore at the unruly meat. With a gruesome 'Ritsch', the tissue gave way to the primitive treatment and Azazel spat out a tattered piece of meat. With a deliberate blow of his sword, Azazel ended the man's life and threw himself hastily to the ground when several silver balls were shot at him and he could no longer distract her in time. Cleverly he rolled over and leaned his head up in wait. Who wanted next?
With a crooked smile, Azazel pushed up and sprinted towards the four soldiers in front of him when a tremendous crash sounded and he whirled around in alarm. And when his eyes met the man who was grinning at him, Azazel knew immediately that it had been a clumsy but successful diversion. And he was right.
Azazel's left leg buckled with a scream and his chest hit hard on the bloodstained floor as something pierced his calf and shattered his shin. Losing his concentration, the katana slipped from his hand and dissolved into black mist that disappeared into Azazel's jerking hands. Tears of torment shot into his eyes as he looked down at himself. A catch. They had shot a crappy hook through his leg! And even before people did, Azazel knew what was going to happen next and narrowed his eyes in denial. A loud scream escaped his throat, painfully high for human ears, when the rope attached to the end of the hook was pulled to its owner. Amazingly well through the masses of blood on the floor, he slipped back into the middle of the room.
"Go, go, and go!" Shouted one of the people and trampled
Azazel out of his daze.
He felt them gather around him in a semicircle, mercilessly taking advantage of his current weakness. With his teeth clenched, he slowly got back on his knees, breathing heavily, and opened his eyes when he decided not to give up. The eyes of Azazel and the leader of the people met furiously. The same determination was in both Read it, let yourself be killed rather than back away. Inside, his companion was shouting loudly over his stubborn host, but Azazel simply ignored HIM. He wouldn't give up so easily now!
During the eye duel, Azazel's hand had moved gently to the solid wire rope that protruded from his calf. His wet fingers grimly gripped the cold metal. And he pulled at it with all his strength. There was a sound of surprise. He heard a body fall to the ground and drag it across the earth. His muscles tightened hard as he let more force flow into the movement and pulled the rope towards him. A few more soldiers were crashed off their feet until the owner of the wire rope finally had enough presence of mind to simply let go instead of letting himself be dragged around senselessly.
A shot was fired at Azazel, but it rolled over the side and was not hit, although this sudden movement made him almost black with pain. Ignoring him, he now grabbed the rope with both hands and swirled it skillfully through the air. It brutally made contact with some human skulls and torsos before their masters could throw themselves out of the way.
"We are a team, he is alone! Do not be unsettled! Come on! Finally do something! “, The leader ordered his unsettled people and at least some braver copies came to life. Watching him from the eyes of an eye, they sneaked around him, always nicely out of reach of his rope. He constantly had to dodge bullet and could hardly strike back himself. Slowly but surely he noticed the wound and exhaustion spread through him. Damn it. He was trapped. And people knew it as well as he did that he could learn from their increasingly confident gestures. This time, time played into their hands. They just had to wait for a moment of inattention from him that was guaranteed to come someday. A bullet brushed his chest when he was a fraction of a second late, another cut his cheek when he stumbled on his leg. Fortunately, the bloodstream flushed most of the silver out of his injuries, but it only marginally reduced the pain.
His already thin energy reserves melted away like snow in the sun. Despair grew in Azazel as he was pushed into a corner. Why hadn't he listened to HIM? Why couldn't he have been so damn blind? Argh!
Scratching up his remaining will, he pulled himself together and targeted a haggard, relatively light and small-looking woman in front of him. The rope hissed through the air, distracting its fellow men. The wire tightened around her neck and chokingly dropped her weapon. This was exactly what Azazel had hoped for. With a sharp jerk she fell to the ground and Azazel pulled her towards her. He immediately let go of the rope and kicked her temple hard to take her bearings. Struggling to avoid the projectiles, he grabbed her and pressed her ironly with one arm to his violently lifting and lowering chest. In the meantime, a slightly curved dagger had arisen in the free hand, which he now pressed firmly against her throat. The panicked woman in his grip froze.
"Stop! Stop fire! ”A voice roared from the crowd in front of Azazel and he exhaled almost relieved. One worry less.
"I go or she dead," he called to the people in English, hoping they understood him despite his heavy accent. He was just too tired to concentrate on speaking. Standing was exhausting enough.
The leader's eyes narrowed and the weapons were lowered.
"No! You mustn't-! ”The soldier escaped from Azazel's arms, but more pressure on her throat was enough to silence her. A fine, warm trickle rolled down her skin where the dagger had cut. Her blood mixed with Azazel's on the floor.
Slowly he pushed himself against the wall, always holding his hostage in front of him. He was very close to the exit. The Always keeping his eyes on the people, he went back into the hall that he knew would lead him out the door. He had almost made it. Only a few more meters separated him from freedom. It was soon done. Then the woman nodded slightly in his arms. Why did she nod? His last thought was too late before the reality gave way to incandescent agony.
Gargling, he slumped, leaning against the wall with one hand, forcing the woman to let go, as well as his dagger, which swirled away before it hit the ground. Quickly joined A soldier returned to her comrades, who immediately put a new weapon in her hands.
"You ..." Azazel snarled as he understood. Only the handle of the knife protruded from its flank, which the woman must have conjured up somewhere and had rammed into it. Fortunately it wasn't made of silver, then it would have been switched off long ago.
Panting violently, he pulled himself up the wall and stood swaying slightly on one leg. Shivering, his hand went around the still warm handle of the knife and with a suppressed groan he pulled it out of his flesh. The blood ran down the blade in fat drops and joined the laughs at his feet. What now? But the decision was taken from him.
"Now!" Came a scream and Azazel winced. What the hell…?
He crashed hard on the floor with his back and was sure that he must have broken a few ribs when someone pulled the rope again that was still hanging on the hook in his calf. How could he have forgotten that? Damn it! He screamed shrilly as he was dragged back into the center of the room. Not again! He lay there half-conscious and tried not to dawn. With iron will he got to his feet (or rather the leg) sway. No, he couldn't ... Unable to admit defeat he hurled the remaining dagger at the first mercenary. He didn't hit.
But before he could get angry about it, it hissed and something wrapped around his neck. And it burned like fire. Silver? Silver. Fluttering his wings violently but in vain, he tried to take some of the impact off when he was dragged backwards. Vain.
Choking and panting, he pulled the rope around his neck to no avail. With the power of despair, he writhed on the floor and felt his hand over it, hoping to find something useful. Before he could concentrate on summoning a knife in his hand (which would have been the easiest way, of course, from the start), someone brutally stepped on his arm and rammed something through his hand so that he was pinned to the ground. Only a choppy groan escaped his lips and he arched with agony. He had no strength to scream. The silver did its work and slowly but surely took away his senses. No no no! Deep exhaustion closed his eyes and somehow he was glad to no longer have to endure the relieved faces of the men and women around him.
From the corner of his eye he noticed a black mass, the moved towards him. Coughing, he choked half-coagulated blood between his teeth, which then ran sluggishly down the corner of his mouth. Something was put on his forehead, and his eyes fluttered open again. At the same time, he wished he hadn't. Examining the defeated with an expressionless expression, the bearded leader stood above Azazel, but the triumph glittered in his eyes. But with a brief inclination of the head, he paid his opponent respect for the hard fight they had fought together. Azazel was surprised, but somehow he appreciated it.
"Your arrogance will eventually be your downfall," he whispered so softly that only the leader could understand it. Or
 
Not. Azazel didn't know who he was talking to. Maybe he was just talking to himself. Who knew?
"She was right? Is not it? She was right all along ... ”he whispered roughly, his voice little more than a breath. His gaze wandered to the ceiling, the only layer that separated him from his freedom.
Then the human finger bent on the trigger of his weapon and Azazel knew nothing more.

With a bitter smile he opened his eyes and his eyes went to the ceiling. It was going to be a long, empty day.

Atoll Nui, Tuvalu, Pacific Ocean, December 16, 7:59 a.m.

Come over.
No. Come on. No!
Come on. No ...? Come over.
...
You're welcome.
With a deep sigh, Azazel released the air between his blood-bitten lips.
No, he finally thought, but he couldn't convince anyone. Not even yourself.
He simply couldn't do what his companion asked for. It just didn't work. He couldn't release HIM from his prison. Yet deep inside, Azazel knew they wanted the same thing. Freedom. Self-determination. But at what price? In the end it always boiled down to the same question when you were at the crossroads of your life, Azazel guessed: will it be worth the price?
 
A bitter smile played around the corner of his mouth as he took another deep breath, concentrating entirely on the feeling of the air in his throat, his eyes half closed in a trance for several hours. Freedom. Why did he care? Freedom, only a pretty catchphrase for you have nothing left to lose. Why did it appear to him earlier, not so long ago, to call it his own? What hadn't he imagined under this term, this phantom of letters, the wildest fantasies come to life in his mind? Now he finally knew that none of this would ever happen. Freedom didn't exist. Not for people, not for him.
Only the animals were free. Yes, they were truly free. Even though…? When he thought of the close ties between members of a wolf or lion pack, or the bond between mother and child, they weren't completely free either. Or were they free because they were unaware that they were unfree? Hmm ...
The dull crack of the opening door tore him out of his mental idleness and immediately all his senses were sharpened to the extreme. But Azazel hadn't moved with any muscle on the outside. He hadn't even turned his eyes to his visit. Admittedly, he was a bit curious about who it might be. Yes, patience Azazel, he called himself to order. All in good time. Don't let the last advantage out of your hands. They think you are broken, a drooling, brainless idiot.
Oh, how wrong they are.
Quiet now, I have to concentrate on my acting! He grumbled at his companion, whereupon he could feel an imaginary roll of eyes.
Yes, they had truly gotten closer to each other in solitary confinement and HE had learned the ability to communicate with Azazel. But not in words. With memories, pictures and above all feelings. Or just used
 
Memories of Azazel in which he said exactly what He wanted to convey. In part, HE used Azazel's own mouth to let HIS customer out when he wasn't careful. Even if it didn't do much to improve his image in people's eyes by talking to himself. Well. No matter.
"... is everything ready? Yes? You have ten minutes to say goodbye. "
The words carelessly thrown into the room sent a cold shiver down Azazel's back. There was something in the air. Tension. Nervousness. Anxiety. And grim joy.
Soles quietly brushed the floor as several people approached it. He didn't have to look up to know that several loaded weapons were aimed at him. As if he could do something, tied up and muzzled as he was. The chains that held him were thicker than his fist. He hadn't even tried to escape them. It would be a senseless waste of his already very weak reserves of strength. And he needed every droplet of energy to keep his mind reasonably clear. The boredom began to gnaw at him, he felt that. And with it came madness.
"Azazel? Are you still in there somewhere ... Can you hear me? ”Asked a painfully familiar voice and Azazel had to fight very hard not to sigh. Really now?
"Azazel? Please look at me. "
No reaction. In the background, fabric scraped over fabric as a person moved slightly.
"Azazel?"
The silence extended to infinity.
"Come over. You're welcome."
Azazel involuntarily winced when the professor unconsciously echoed his companion's words.
Come on.
"Not even you now!", He let out roughly and only after a hissed inhalation did he realize that he was loud
 
had said.
Unable to pretend to be impassive, he slowly raised his head and peered through the greasy strands of his hair. Tired eyes met those of the human woman. They were full of emotions that only swirled in them. Grief. Worry. Pity. Pity? Worry? For whom? Him? Ridiculous.
"Wasssssss do you want?" He hissed in a voice trembling with suppressed anger.
You should just leave him alone. He didn't want to.
"Are you ready then?" She asked with a suddenly cool expression.
It came so unexpectedly that the lack of understanding must have written on his face because he heard a low giggle from the crowd behind the professor. A scowl silenced the source again. Azazel raised an eyebrow questioningly as he turned his attention back to the human woman in front of him.
"Are you done sinking into self-pity?" She slowly told him as if he were a little child, which caught her eyes full of outrage.
"I did not…!"
"Yes you did. And you don't have to deny it. Do you really think you're the only one who has to suffer from the whole situation? "
His eyes seemed to say clearly that this was exactly what he was thinking.
"You're wrong Azazel. Anjay was a close friend of mine who is now dead. There is one more orphan in the world. A company milie was torn apart. Now look me in the eye instead of lending it! "
He stared at her sullenly and stopped a little when her lips moved you without making a sound. He looked at her in confusion. What was that? Something in her face changed and she looked at him almost imploringly. Why? His eyes darted to the soldiers behind her for a split second. She tilted her head slightly and her eyes searched for his. Again she moved her lips silently, more extravagantly than before. Then it dawned on him. She wanted to tell him something. But without anyone
 
noticed other. Why? His red eyes flickered curiously to the human woman's mouth and he tried to understand.
Left my thoughts.
He looked at her in bewilderment and she began to rock uneasily. Her eyes flicked nervously to the slowly becoming impatient men and women behind them.
Come on!
And so he followed her hasty request. He strained his mental fingers for the professor, it was much more difficult for him without the help of his companion, but HE was already weak enough due to the constant silver injections. Although HIS reaction had been strangely easier in the past few days ...
A syringe pierced the young woman's skin on the couch and hit the vein with pinpoint accuracy. A few quick steps later, an (infusion bag?) Was connected and a (transparent?) Liquid slowly dripped into the test subject.

"It worked. It really worked ... ”, a plump, small man with a full beard and too big a lab coat whispered when he watched with badly concealed astonishment how a cut on the palm of the young man (test subject?) Closed as if by magic after it was set.
"We really did it!" He exclaimed, rushing out of the room.

"... And they are now immortal?" "No not." "But?" "But they have ... an increased resistance to death."
"Interesting way to put it."

"You can't do that! They promised him his freedom if he put Anjay Akthar out of the way for them. He's done his part of the deal. Now they have to keep theirs! "
 
"I promised him knowledge. Freedom was never mentioned. He can accumulate all the knowledge and collect what he desires. Only, he will never leave these rooms again. At least not alive. "
"You made a promise, Sari kakis! How can they- "
"Don't be so naive! It is a danger to humanity. You saw it yourself! Or have you already forgotten how he wanted to kill you after breaking almost every finger in your hands? ”
"He only did that because he had no choice. He is like a wounded animal that has been cornered. It bites, can no longer distinguish friend from foe. But I believe that with the right leadership, he can make a valuable contribution to making this world safer. And think of all the knowledge that he must have accumulated over the centuries, if not millennia! ”
"It is too dangerous. This is my last word. As soon as the tests with a positive result are completed, we no longer need it. It's a security risk that I'm not ready to take. "

"Which side are they actually on, Heikkinen!" Roared an angry Sari kakis, "I thought we understood each other!"
With clenched fists and narrowed eyes, he strode towards her and pushed her hard against the wall, so that she had to hold on to the adjacent table top so as not to land roughly on the floor. But she said nothing and just looked at him stubbornly.
"What is it that you all have with him? What fascinates you so much about this ... thing! We have everything we wanted, the serum will be ready for the market in a few months, we should put it back to sleep as we intended from the beginning! Only really complete this time. It disgusts me how much you still care
 
Azazel - shit name, if you ask me, who does he think he is? - moving around like a bitch in heat! Finally come along with - "
She slapped him with a crack. He stared at her, stunned, his hand on the quick (reddening?) Cheek.
"What is Heikkinen? Did I hit a nerve? Or do you have a crush on Azazel like that moron Sanchez? Oh I forgot, forgive me, he was your adoptive son. "
He saw another hand coming and caught it in the air. He held her with an iron grip and bared his teeth:
"I no longer have to do this to myself. You are hereby dismissed Professor Ellen Heikkinen! Pack your things and disappear. And remember what happens if you violate the silence clause. We can find them everywhere. Don't forget that. "
With these words li he ate her and took a step aside. There was no muscle in her face to reveal what was going on inside her. With proud steps she walked towards the exit, but stopped briefly to turn one last time to her former colleague:
“When he comes to get what is most dear to you, remember: I warned you to break your promise to him. Farewell, Mr. Damasos Sari kakis. "

The memories whirled and danced wildly in his mind's eye. He struggled to master her, because her mind kept slipping away. His face showed no emotion when he broke eye contact with the human woman and stared down at the ground because he felt several people approaching.
"Time is up. Please step back from him, ”came a bored woman's voice and he felt the professor's panicked eyes tingle on his skin.
He skillfully let his troubled feelings vanish under a thick layer of equanimity and his eyes grew dull
 
as before, before the professor came to him.
"Do you understand?" She asked in a barely audible whisper as shoes squeaked across the rough concrete floor. He felt several people approaching him.
The professor made no move to move, but Azazel felt her pleading eyes on his figure when he did not respond to her question in any way. If she did panic, it could hardly interest him less. She had not only broken his heart (he grimaced inside - that sounded damned slimy), but had shown him that she was selfish just like everyone else. She didn't deserve to know that she had achieved her goal. At least that was how he could punish her for her more than shameful betrayal. He didn't have many other options either.
"I said the time was up, Ms. Heikkinen!" Snapped above him as the soldiers stopped next to the strange couple.
From the corner of his eye Azazel could see that two weapons were aimed at him. They had increased the precautionary measures significantly, as he had found out. No one was ever there without at least two weapons on him, ready to shut him down at any time if they felt they were a threat. So always, right? HE sighed inwardly and Azazel had to control himself so as not to give his eyes. He had understood it - he screwed it up for both of them. Yes, it was his fault. He got it!
"Azazel? Did you understand? “, She asked now clearly louder and with a rolling voice. When there was no reaction again, she started to clearly see the panic.
"Azazel ?! Answer me! Did you-"
"Please come with us now Ms. Heikkinen or we have to force her to do it," the now clearly annoyed soldier called in between and the professor closed her mouth with a clearly audible click.
 
She swallowed nervously and tried to regain control when she stepped back from Azazel and slowly turned. The soldier wasn't doing all of this quickly enough, which is why she put a hand on her shoulder and gently pushed her forward. Imbalanced for a moment, the professor stumbled forward and had to look away from Azazel. He lowered his eyes and half closed his eyelids, relying entirely on his other (unusually sharp - the last injection wasn't that long ago?).
The footsteps moved away and now his two guards moved away. With a crash, the door closed with depressing finality and he was completely alone with himself and the world. The last connection to the world of people and at that time was broken. Nothing held him now.
There was dead silence across the room, interrupted by the soft clink of the chains that tied him when he moved slightly. What now? He thoughtfully reviewed the memories he had received from the professor. He had to choose. Because Sari kakis wanted to put him to sleep again, as he had called it. Azazel snorted. As if he were a mangy dog. But he couldn't let that happen. He did not want to spend decades again in complete immobility and blackness and at the same time be doomed to stay conscious no matter what happened. So back to the topic.
What the professor had shown him could scarcely tickle him out of his shoulders. She must have meant it as an incentive for me to free myself from captivity - why she wanted him locked away as a threat to humanity and wanted to see it free would remain a mystery to him forever. Well, she was wrong assuming that he would care that Sari kakis had achieved what Akthar had wanted to do and against which he had fought so hard. He simply didn't care what people were doing. Should they become immortal - they
 
would see what they could get out of it. Again, he wouldn't save her from himself. It was a pointless undertaking, and once again the result of his efforts had shown that Azazel could not help them. Because they apparently didn't want any help. So they were responsible for themselves. It was hard for him, but deep down he had known for a long time that he had to let his children, the people, go. You were grown up.
He still felt the professor's eyes tingle on his skin and shivered when suddenly melancholy came over him. Farewell, Ellen Heikkinen. Farewell Masa. Farewell, Garret. Until another life. With an almost plaintive sigh, he closed his eyes when he felt tears gather in them. Stupid feelings. So superfluous, so overrated. So painful. So unnecessary.
Why did it hurt so much?
"I'm ready," he whispered softly to his companion and the world exploded in a sea of ​​happiness and pain.
Jubilation shot through him like liquid fire, penetrated every single cell, washed around every molecule, every atom. Azazel wanted to say something, put his emotions into words, knowing this would be an impossible endeavor, but he couldn't. No sound came from his open lips, only panting, warm breath escaped him in choppy puffs. No scream. No whimpering. No sound. Because his companion didn't need words, they were too deeply interwoven for that. Thoughts, memories, long-forgotten feelings shot back and forth, mingled into a whirlpool of two souls. Azazel sighed and gave in to the tempting pull and let himself fall. Your souls became one. Now neither he nor ER ruled. But someone new. Something new like never before.
And somewhere in the shallows of space, in a place that would never have a name, something listened up because it felt a pull that it had not felt in a very long time,
 
although the being did not care about time, because where it vegetated it did not exist. If it had had a mouth to smile, it would have razor-sharp teeth and freeze with horror to the one who should be unfortunate enough to be around. But it had none like it had no eyes, ears, hands or feet. It consisted of fog, of impenetrable blackness, formless and formless. Hunger shot through its center, making its outlines waver and blur. Full of anticipation, it stretched out, became thinner and thinner, and merged with the absolute darkness around it. The space around it filled with others of its kind, just as it itself greeded for new land, new life. And then it dissolved to melt with the flow of life that would lead him to the source of the suction. To a new planet, a new hunting ground, a new breeding ground where he and his species could settle down to do what was in their nature: eat and reproduce. Life.
And so they left their old hatchery and moved on, as they have been doing since the beginning of time and always would. They left a dusty, empty world, robbed of their lives. The planet itself had once had a name, but it was long forgotten, records of it crumbled to dust, even the oldest inhabitants were long dead. No one would be there to remember the home of the cloud dancers. Azazel only. Who would be there to remember Earth?

epilogue
On the coast at Alexandropoulos, Greece, fifty years later

The silence struck him as uncanny every time he pried open the heavy, rust-encrusted metal flap on the bunker, holding his breath and sweat of fear on his forehead, and blinked against the unusual brightness. This silence was just not right. It was wrong. Birds were supposed to sing, children were romping around laughing, dogs were barking happily and couples were holding hands, closely wrapped in each other, going for a walk caressing each other. It should be so. But it wasn't like that.
Fear and death ruled over people. Love and trust were rare these days. Even the tightest, their own children and parents, siblings and blood brothers, were eyed suspiciously in the dark of the night, lurking for signs of infection. On the sign of the approaching madness.
It didn't start out particularly well. Not to say, you only noticed it when the course of things became unchangeable and the consequences too strong to disguise it. You saw it in her eyes first. They became dull, lost their luster and expression. Became lifeless and dead, only to be replaced by madness and frenzy until the infestations degenerated into nothing more than bloodthirsty animals, but unfortunately intelligent enough to gather together in hordes and go hunting together.
Now the ubiquitous hopelessness in the eyes of men and women around you did not allow a clear interpretation of the mental state, because there was nowhere near as much to joke in these times. Depression was the norm, and whoever dared to laugh was often stared down in disbelief until he sank back to grimness like everyone else around him. People were lynched again and again in panic, who were probably not even infected, but
 
just like that - for other reasons - had gone mad. Who would have thought what a few small pathogens could have done to the oh so great civilization?
That entire states would collapse, social cohesion would tend to zero and selfish struggle for survival would become the new motto? Of course, all of this would probably have been taken very seriously, of course, and would soon begin to draw up plans in the worst-case scenario once the funds have been approved by the committee responsible. Don't worry, everything under control. Go home and keep calm. Oh you know what, shit on calm! And the whole policy right away! Everyone in a sack and with a stick on it!

He shook his head sullenly to get rid of these senseless thoughts. It didn't work anymore anyway. After all, there were no politicians anymore. New little empires and dictatorships among the military or gurus of various religions emerged from their ashes. He was lucky to belong to one of these little kingdoms (he had no illusions, it remained a dictatorship under which he now lived, regardless of the angle from which one used to look at it) and not being on his own out there that said he kept hurting himself every morning before his shift, every time someone pissed him off or he crawled into bed hungry again. His personal mantra.
He looked around suspiciously when a soft sigh, little more than a breath, touched his ears. Where did it come from Was anyone out there? Or was the wind just playing tricks on him? For a few moments he just stood still and debated silently with himself between what he should do and what he wanted to do. Swearing softly to himself, he hoisted himself out of the hatch. Damn his insatiable curiosity! Why did everyone get wiser with age, but not him ?!
"Sixty years and two months. That's how old you are now. And deep inside, just a foolish bellows like in your youth, ”he murmured into his scruffy beard and narrowed his eyes to look against the bright light.
 
Carefully, in order to make as little noise as possible, he closed the metal door again and watched the border of the forest not far away. Did anything move there? Or was his paranoia just playing a trick on him again? You could never be paranoid enough! He had only survived this long at the outpost. He walked slowly towards the trees swaying in the wind and stroked them, always keeping an eye on his surroundings. You could never be too careful. To his left, the forest withdrew, leaving a round clearing that threatened to be overgrown with new shrubbery. In the middle a weathered stone tower loomed into the blue sky. He paused for a moment, listening. There! A rustle! With one hand he pulled a long hunting dagger, with the other he bent some branches of the hedge aside.
Blood. Blood everywhere. With a wrinkled St He squatted down there and took a closer look at the place. Numerous twisted branches, the churned earth and individual scraps of fabric suggested a violent struggle. Had two hordes fought each other? This happened more often when they wanted to conquer new hunting grounds - his upper lip curled in disgust. Hm. The blood was barely clotted yet, so the fight couldn't have been too long ago. A fine whimper startled him from his thoughts. His eyes wandered in the direction from which the sound seemed to have come.
"Rocky?" It stunned. There he was. His most faithful companion, his only confidante for many years. He had raised it by hand, trained it with a lot of sweat and passion, and just loved it. Only three weeks ago, he had disappeared without a trace one night. Every search had been unsuccessful and he had had to admit in tears that Rocky, his faithful German shepherd, was dead. But there he was and even breathed!
"Rocky!", He now called out with joy and rushed to his dog
to.
He put a hand trembling on his head and scratched it
soft ears like Rocky had always liked. He was
 
rewarded with a slight twitch of the tail and the brown eyes opened a crack. With a low whine, the dog raised its head and gently licked the other hand.
"You are hurt!" The man stated and wanted to take his companion in his arms when he opened his eyes with a blow and growled menacingly. Startled, the man jumped back and escaped: "What ...?" As he bumped something hard with his back. Something hard warm. All blood drained from his face and at that moment Rocky started barking like crazy and tried desperately to get to his feet.
The man spun around in panic and found himself face to face with an infected person whose face and hair were brown with blood. He must once have been an older man, because what was still visible from his beard shone white under the thick layers of dirt. The clothes were hanging on him in rags and his left foot seemed to be broken once and had grown together crookedly. So this is how I could look at some point, if I get bitten, it shot incoherently through his head and just in time he threw himself back onto the floor to escape the black, rotten teeth of his attacker. He could still hear Rocky barking behind him, but he was unable to help his master. Why the hell had he gone alone without telling anyone? He knew he couldn't expect the help of his comrades now.
"Argh!" The man escaped as he heaved himself up and rammed the blade of his knife deep into his opponent's eye. It collapsed like a sack of potatoes and lay face down in the ground. The man hurriedly grabbed the infected man and pulled the gun out of his eye socket, only to then cut his throat with a practiced movement so that he was definitely dead. But he had forgotten the most important rule out here: Always pay attention to your surroundings, because you are never alone.
 
A choppy cry escaped him as sharp teeth dug into the soft flesh of his thigh and tore out a bit. He felt the blood run down his leg hotly as he fell to the floor. Small hands grabbed his torn pants and hindered his escape. Without thinking, he simply reacted and slashed backwards with the knife in his hand, hoping to hit his attacker. A howl told him that he had hit and the tug on his leg eased somewhat. Then a shrill scream drowned out his agonizing groan and his hands disappeared from his pants. How so…? Panting in pain, he turned his head back. He was used to a lot, but the sight went through his bones.
Rocky had managed to sit up and pull away the infected that had bitten him. It was a young girl, almost a child, not older than twelve years. As if obsessed, the earth tugged and writhed to escape the bite of the dog that gripped it by the ankle. Blood gushed from the deepening wound as the child fought for his freedom and kept snapping at the man and the dog as if it were an animal itself. With clenched teeth, the man turned on his back and pulled the crossbow from his back, which he carried day and night. With the practice of many years he put on the boat, tightened the winch and aimed.
A ghostly calm returned when the bolt found its target. But the man took no time to take care of his wounds, only roughly tied them up by tearing his trouser legs into strips and wrapping them around the lashed a blood-soaked stain on his thigh. He knew it was pointless. He was infected by the bite. He was going to be one of those beasts and there was no way to stop it. Before that he would put an end to his life, he had always known that. Nobody should die from his hand that did not deserve it. But he had one more thing to do. And unfortunately Rocky couldn't help him with that. He had to go through this alone. He gently reached out and stroked his loyal friend once over the
 
Head as he looked at him panting from tired eyes and seemed to understand.
Panting, he pushed himself up and crept on the way without looking back. He had to warn the others. They came, the monsters. The two had only been the beginning, the vanguard. The outposts of the empire must have been overrun. Everyone had to flee to the island of Samothrace! Only there would they be protected, because the infected could not swim that far. And there were shelters, supplies, water and, more importantly, real weapons. And a lot of them.
The loss of blood made him dim and his head went light. But giving up was out of the question. With clenched teeth, he pulled himself up on the wall of the tower, trying to put as little strain on his injured leg as possible. Warm he felt a fresh surge of blood run down his skin. Now only two hundred and forty-three steps. He let out a choppy breath. Ha! A no-brainer. Well then. And off. With a suppressed groan, he shuffled and literally clawed at the crumbly rock of the wall under his hands.
Inhale, step, exhale, step. And again. And again. And again. His thoughts flew wildly and his breath went faster and faster. Why was he doing this to himself? Oh yes, otherwise hundreds would die. That's right. OK.
Inhale, step, exhale, step. And again. And again. And again. But ... everyone would die anyway? So why bother? He could just sit there on this step and close his eyes for a moment. Just for a tiny moment. Not even a minute, no, he wasn't that greedy. Just a small second. OK? That would work, wouldn't it? Wouldn't that hurt? It was really important to be so fast. Wouldn't a few seconds of rest also ...? NO! Move your ass! Yes, yes, I'm on my way. Old slave driver.
Inhale, step, exhale, step. And again. And again. And again.
 
The seconds went monotonously into minutes. How much time had passed since he stupidly left the bunker? Why did he do it at all? Why did he always have to stop like that! There she was. The last stage. One more step, come here, yes exactly ... Hey there! Done! And there he was. The big pile of wood that he and his grandson had put together so carefully. How long was it Two months? It seemed shorter. If the logs blazed up in flames, this would be visible for miles. In any case, the next guard would see and understand it. He would relay the message and soon Samothrace would be warned!
"Ump ...!", It escaped him when his feet got caught in something and he hit the hard floor with a crash. He felt something bend in his right wrist and there was a soft crack. Broken.
"Ah!" He shouted, looking up in tears.
So close yet so far. He could see the box full of matches. He had to get to her. He just had to! Hissing, he pulled his remaining arm across the stones. Only a few more meters. And now finally there. Shivering, he pulled himself to his knees and clumsily reached for the box.
"I wouldn't do that," whispered a velvety voice in his ear, and well-groomed, pale fingers with long, somehow sharp-looking nails pushed into his ever-decreasing field of vision. They gently pushed his bloody, dirt-encrusted farmer's hands away and sealed the box to put it out of his reach. That woke him up from his lethargy.
"No! Give it to me! The man gasped choppy and froze as the voice laughed softly. What was weird about that ?! He had to warn his people! His grandchildren and children lived on the coast not far away. And his father too! He was almost ninety after all. No chance that he would survive the attack. You would be left defenseless to the hordes without the protection of the island! He had to light the pile of wood and if it were the last thing he did! The Sari kakis were big and old
 
Family of the Empire, one of the great clans. They survived - they always did - it didn't matter for adversity and trials that stood in their way.
"No," replied the voice, and it w are the last word the man should ever hear.
A knife lay against his throat and he felt it cut through his flesh like butter. Gargling, he wriggled in the arms of his murderer as his head snapped back and let him see the most beautiful and strange face he had ever seen in his life. White, long hair played around the finely modeled face, full lips were twisted into a slight smile and gave a hint of teeth behind them. But the eyes were what froze him in his agony. Unreal red and cold like ice.
He knew the stories of his father Damasos, but he had always considered them to be chatter and excessive exaggeration of an old man. Now everything made sense. His father's panicked face when he told him about the oddly large white feathers he and his grandson had found on their beds last month. The agitation when rumors about a man the beasts listened to, white as moonlight and cruel as Ivan the Terrible, as beautiful as a pristine spring morning and with a stone heart, spilled over from the mainland.
And the son of the once so powerful Damasos Sari kakis finally understood why his father had lived in constant fear: he came for him and everything that was dear to him on earth. As Damasos was told.
"Azazel ...", the man whispered with his last breath and Azazel smiled.
