Behind Her Eyes

RB Schalin






Copyright 2013 by RB Schalin

 License Notes

This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited.
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Disclaimer: The persons, places, things, and otherwise animate or inanimate objects mentioned in this novel are figments of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to anything or anyone living (or dead) is unintentional. 










 
Chapter 1

My counselor suggested I write down everything that happened this autumn. Supposedly it will help me to come to terms with what I did. As I am writing this I am in my room in a Juvenile Detention Center accused of involuntary manslaughter. I’m being held in detention while the Juvenile Court and the police investigate my case. I turned sixteen two weeks ago, so if I am  found guilty I will be in a place like this for two years and then probably moved to an adult jail to finish my sentence.
The Center is not too bad. We have a common room where we can watch TV or DVD movies. We have a sports facility, and the food is pretty decent. My fellow prisoners are mostly in here for minor drug charges, and theft. All in all we are about eighty kids here from the ages of thirteen to seventeen. The guards are pretty cool and as long as you respect them and do as you are told they seldom bother us.
I was born in a medium sized town somewhere in the Northwestern United States. The town is located close to the mountains and there is a small river close by. The town has a couple of fast food restaurants, three banks, a Blockbuster video store, four churches, and the rest of the things you can find in any town. Its biggest revenue comes from winter sports and people camping and hiking in the mountains in the summer. It is not a ski resort but it’s close enough to the mountains for people to spend the day on the slopes and drive back in the evening.
My father is the manager of one of the local banks, and my mother works as a nurse in the small medical centre in town. My little sister Amy is eight and wants to be a ballerina when she grows up. Personally I don’t think that’s going to happen because she has no sense of rhythm and I don’t have the heart to tell her.
Before I ended up here at the centre I was just like any other teenager. I went to school, hung out with my two best friends, Tom and Mike. Tom is one of those guys who like to do things all the time. He loves camping, fishing and sports. His father is a mountain guide so ever since he was small he has been a fan of nature. Mike is the opposite; he is what one would call a Nerd. Very good grades, his interest are computers, the internet and online chess matches. We have all known each other since pre-school. We were only four years old when we met the first time. Tom was always the more popular one with the girls. I am bigger and look older than my age, but I am shy, and tend to get cold feet as soon someone of the opposite sex talks to me. Mike lives in his own world, and has no interest in girls, at the moment. We do have one thing in common and that is dirt bikes. We each have one and as often as we can we ask one of our fathers to drive us to where a trail start and we can drive the bikes all day on the mountain, sometimes we spend the night camping. Since we are not old enough, we can’t drive the bikes on the open road. We are not allowed on the trails either, but Chief Harris of our local police force is nice enough to let us do our thing.
By now you are probably wondering why a nice guy like me from a normal town with a normal family and friends ended up in juvenile prison for manslaughter. I will tell you. It was because of Brooke, the most beautiful girl I have ever seen, and I loved her so much I would have done anything for her.
 

Chapter 2

I remember the first time I saw her. We had just finished the first class of the day and Mike, Tom and I were walking across the school yard when I saw her. She had a white summer dress and brown sandals with straps going up toward her knees. Her skin was golden, and her sun bleached hair was flowing down her back in large heavy curls. She had an oval face, with a full mouth and a small straight nose and as she passed us going into the school, her green eyes sparkled in the sunlight. She smiled at us and her teeth were as white as in toothpaste commercials. When she had passed, the three of us turned and watched her swinging hips.
‘Holy Shit!’ said Tom, while we watched the door close behind her. ‘Where did she come from, and how do I get to meet here?’ 
Mike broke into a laugh. ‘Tom you are good with the girls, but I seriously doubt a girl of that caliber would be interested in a son of a mountain guide, she will be looking for someone with a Mustang and serious dough in his pocket.’
‘Bullshit, Mike. Give me a few days and I will have her wrapped around my little finger, you just watch and learn.’
I was still in a daze, and didn’t opinionate on the topic of Tom’s gift of wrapping girls around his fingers. I was sure she had smiled at me, not at us. Me, imagine that. I felt warm and there was like a cavernous feeling in my stomach.
‘John hello, earth to John, is you there?
I turned to Mike who was talking to me, ‘sorry I was a bit distracted.’
‘Yeah, I noticed, don’t tell me you too want to wrap her around your finger.’
I could feel my face blushing, and it embarrased me. I quickly changed the topic.
‘Guys we will be late for class, let’s get a move on!’
The morning passed slowly, one class after another, and I couldn’t concentrate. My mind was on the girl we had seen. If I could paint, and someone asked me to paint my fantasy girl, she would have looked like the one we saw. I wanted to meet her, I wanted to talk to her, but I didn’t know if I would dare, even if I had the opportunity.
During the lunch break Tom, Mike and I took our usual table by the window. We were discussing an assignment we had been given in Biology, which was due at the end of the week.
‘I can’t believe they give us these assignments already, it’s the first day of class,’ said Tom with a sigh.
‘Come on. It’s not so bad, I will do all the research and then we divide up the typing. It will be done in no time,’ said Mike.
I was just about to take a bite of my hamburger when I looked towards the entrance to the cafeteria when she walked in. Time stopped, all I could see was her walking towards the service area, picking up a tray on the way. Everyone else seemed to slow down, only she was walking at normal speed. She flicked her head and her hair cascaded to the side, she saw me. I tried to look away, but it was too late, she had seen me staring. She smiled and winked. Finally, I looked away, straight into Tom’s grinning face.
‘Wow, she gave you a wink, or was it meant for me?’
‘Cut it out Tom,’ I said, trying to sound cool.
Inside I was hot, I was actually sweating, and I could feel the drops running down under my arms.
‘Guys, especially lover boy Tom, might want to pay attention. Look where she is sitting,’ said Mike.
She had sat down at a table with Seniors, which made her at least two years older than us. I felt my heart drop. Even if I could find the courage to talk to her, I was dead in the water. She would have no interest in a younger guy, we all knew how it went; girls preferred older guys. Tom’s last girlfriend had been thirteen. According to him, she was very mature. Mike and I had laughed and asked how it was playing Barbie with her on the weekends.
When school finished, we decided to walk home instead of taking the school bus. The three of us lived close to each other. Mike’s house was closest to school, then Tom’s and finally mine. We were talking about maybe taking the bikes out the coming weekend.
‘Can your old man take us to the trail on Saturday?’ Tom asked Mike.
‘I think so, I will ask him, and let you know tomorrow.’
‘Great! I ordered that new exhaust system, and it should arrive this week, I am dying to try it,’ said Tom.
‘Ha! You still drive like shit,’ I joked.
‘Screw you John. I could outrun you any day of the week.’
‘Sure you could.’
‘See you tomorrow guys.’ said Mike as he walked up the path to his house.
‘See ya,’ we called back.
Tom and I were talking about the upcoming weekend and we decided we should ask permission from our parents to spend the night in the mountains. It was still warm, and we loved it up there. Mike’s older brother would sometimes buy us a six pack of beer which he would hide in his backpack. Even though it was warm by the time we drank it, it was heaven and we felt so grown up.
At Tom’s house I said hi to his mom who was out in the garden raking leaves. I thought she was the best looking mom in the entire town. She was a former Miss America Pageant beauty queen, and at forty-five still a real stunner.
‘Hey, wait up!’ I heard someone say behind me. I turned around and a silver convertible stopped behind me. I couldn’t believe my eyes. It was her, the girl from school.
‘Sorry, but I am a bit lost. We just moved here a week ago, and this is my first time driving home from school. Can you tell me how to get to Maple Drive from here, please?’
I was dumbstruck. I tried to say something, but it got stuck in my throat. All that came out was a croak.
 ‘Maple Drive. How do I get there?’ she asked again.
I took a deep breath, and said. ‘you continue down this street, then at the second intersection you turn right, pass the bank and turn right again. At the end of that road Maple Drive begins.’
‘Thanks. By the way, you are John right?
 Christ, she knew my name. How was that possible?
‘Can I give you a ride home, John?’
‘No thanks, I am OK. It’s just a little bit further.’
‘C’mon, get in,’ she insisted
 She smiled at me, and leaned over and opened the passenger door. With my heart beating hard I got in and closed the door. I looked over at her, and I could not believe that I was actually sitting next to her. This close, she was even more perfect. As I turned my head I caught a glimpse of her legs where her dress had slid up a bit, revealing a little more thigh. My mouth was dry with the thrill of being with her and I wanted this moment to last forever. 
‘Have you lived here for long, John?’ Her voice was soft, and a little husky. 
‘Yeah, all my life.’
‘Really? I just moved here, and I already feel a bit claustrophobic,’ she laughed. It was one of those bubbly laughs that starts deep inside and just grows.
‘Well, I like it here, although I haven’t really been anywhere else to compare with.’ Before I had finished the sentence I felt dumb, how would she ever like me if I sounded like a hick.
‘Maybe we should run away together John, to see the world together. What do you think about that?’ She turned her head, and gave me that wink again.
‘OK, this is my house on the left,’ I said, ‘Thanks for the ride.’
‘Nice house. It looks very homely from out here; I would love to meet your folks.’
I got out of the car, and as I was retrieving my bag from the floor she grabbed my arm and wrote her number on my hand and said,
‘It was nice to meet you. My name is Brooke, call me! We should hang out sometime. You look like a nice kid.’
I closed the door and she drove off. I stood there looking after her, and then I looked at the phone number on my hand and I thought there was no way was I going to call her. She had called me a kid, like a kid brother. Was that what she thought of me? I walked up the pathway and opened the door to the house.
‘Hi honey.’ My mother’s voice came from the kitchen.
‘Hi Mom, I’ll be in my room if you need me.’
 I laid down on my bed and closed my eyes. I thought about Brooke and the number on my hand. Maybe I should take a chance for once in my life. I had never even come close to dating anyone. If Brooke was playing with me, at least I would have been played by the most gorgeous girl I had ever met. Would it be worth the humiliation if Mike or Tom found out, or even worse, the Seniors at school finding out? They would make my life a misery for weeks. As I laid there thinking things over, I must have fallen asleep until I heard my mother knocking on my door.
‘Dinner is ready, honey.’
‘I’ll be right down, mom.’
‘Who was that girl that drove you home today?’ asked mom while serving the casserole. 
‘What? A girl took my shy son home today? That’s a new one,’ said my father looking at me over his glasses.
‘John has a girlfriend, John has a girlfriend. Did you kiss her?’ sang my little sister, Amy.
‘No Amy, I did not kiss her, and she is not my girlfriend. She is a new girl at school. She asked me for directions, and then she was nice enough to give me a ride home, nothing more.’
‘Well, she looked very pretty from where I was standing in the kitchen, John. It would be nice if you met someone. I know you are only fifteen, but it’s normal for a boy your age to go on dates.’
Christ my mother could get on my nerves.
‘I am perfectly fine with not going on dates; it doesn’t make me a leprechaun.’
‘I agree with your mother, it would be nice to see you spend less time on that bike of yours and more time with other interests, a girl maybe.’ My dad said dad whilst eating his dinner.
‘Talking about bikes, Tom, Mike and I were thinking about taking the bikes up the mountain this weekend. Would it be OK, if we spent the night?’
‘I guess that would be OK. Just be careful, and take enough clothes with you, it can suddenly get cold up there,’ my mom said.
After dinner we all watched TV, and then I went to my room. As I got my books out of my bag to do some homework, I saw Brooke’s number on my hand.  Maybe it was my mom's comment about it being time I started to date so I picked up the phone, but before I finished dialing Brooke’s number I put the phone down again. I would die of embarrassment if her mom or dad answered. C’mon John, be a man I thought. She told you to call her so get it over with. 
I picked up the phone, and dialed the number again.  My heart was pumping hard in my chest and my hands were trembling as I listened to the first ring tone and then the second.
‘Hi, Brooke speaking,’ she said, her husky voice overwhelmed me and my legs were shaking, so I had to sit down.
‘Hi, this is John, you drove me home earlier.’
‘John! What a nice surprise, so nice of you to call. Listen, I am in the middle of something, but if it’s OK with you, we can meet tomorrow after school.’
‘Sounds good,’ I replied.
‘Why don’t I pick you up at the same place where we met today?’
Not good, I thought. If the weather was nice I would be walking home with Mike and Tom. Then I remembered, tomorrow my mom took my sister to Ballet classes, they would not be home at that time.
‘Pick me up outside my house.’
‘OK. I will see you tomorrow John, and John, I am looking forward to it.’ She made a kissing sound, and hung up.
I just sat there with the phone still to my ear. Had this really happened? Did I actually have a date with Brook the next day? I put the phone down, and laid down on my bed. I was almost falling asleep when I remembered I had to finish my homework.
That night, I dreamt of Brooke. We were alone somewhere in the countryside   kissing and caressing. We were laughing and for some reason crying together. Maybe it was a sign of what was to come.
 

Chapter 3

The following morning I met up with Mike and Tom at the bus stop. I didn’t tell them about the ride or the phone call with Brooke the previous day. It was my secret, a wonderful secret that was mine, and mine alone. For the first time during all the years of our friendship I had something I did not want or intend to share with my best friends.
‘You look too happy this morning John. What’s wrong?’ asked Mike.
‘Nothing, I just feel good today, went to bed early last night, had a good breakfast, you know.’
Tom looked closely at me. ‘What’s up, buddy? Mike is right, there is something up with you today. You kind of glow, your eyes are shining and your cheeks are pink. Something is different.’
‘Fuck off, I am all right! Seriously, nothing has happened.’
The first class that morning was math. I hated math. I did not get the X’s or the Y’s and why they all ended up to equal Z’s. Mike on the other hand was a magician, he had it all figured out. He usually studied with me before exams, but at the end of last semester he had thrown up his arms in the air exclaiming.
 ‘I give up! Teaching you math, is like teaching Stalin morals. Like you, he had heard about it, but didn’t grasp the concept.’
During the first break we walked over to the soda machine and as Mike was inserting money, I felt two hands cover my eyes, and a husky voice whispers in my ear. ‘Guess who?’
 Although I knew exactly who it was, I wasn’t sure how to handle the situation.
‘Brooke’, I said after a few seconds.
‘I saw you standing here and you looked so sweet I just had to come up and say hi.’
‘Well, hi yourself. My name is Tom, and my other friend here is Mike, nice to meet you Brooke.’
She was the same height as Tom, and slightly taller than Mike. She looked at them for a second and I saw something change in her eyes. They went darker, and then closed slightly, she had an almost feline expression, like a cat watching a mouse.
‘Nice to meet you boys, but if you don’t mind, I would like to talk to John alone for a second. Mind if I borrow him?’
‘Actually, we’ve got nothing special to do, so we can tag along, can’t we Mike?’ said Tom.
Brooke looked at him for a few seconds without speaking, and then said, ‘I wasn’t really asking, Tom.’
With those words she put her arm under mine, and led me away from my friends.
We walked across the yard, arm in arm  and as her skin touched mine it felt like little sparks between us. I breathed in deeply, her hair smellt of shampoo,  and there was a fruity aroma from her  body lotion. When she leaned her head against my shoulder, I felt paranoid because I can see other students watching us, some Seniors in a group whispered between them and looked at us. Brook stopped at a bench under a tree, and we sat down.
‘Sorry for taking you away from your friends, but I just couldn’t wait until this afternoon to see you,’ she said.
‘It’s OK.’ I managed to say but I felt a bit uncomfortable out there in the open with her. I had never been this close to a girl before.
We sit in silence for a while; there were birds twittering, and the sounds of some students playing basketball.
Brooke looked at me with her green eyes. The color was amazing close up, just like grass. 
‘Have you ever had a girlfriend, John?’ she asked and smiled.
I look down at the ground, and then I whisper, ‘No.’
She took my hands in hers, and gently squeezed them. ‘Well you have one now. I liked you from the moment I saw you yesterday. I wasn’t lost I just wanted to speak to you, so after school I followed you. I hope you don’t mind.’
‘I’m glad you did, Brook.’
She stood and pulled me up. 
‘Let’s get you back to your friends before they send out an APB for you.’
She laughed her bubbly laugh, and we walked back across the yard hand in hand.
During lunch Tom and Mike began their interrogation.
‘Come on John, tell us, what did she want?’ Said Mike.
I grinned at him and said, ‘I guess I have a girlfriend.’
‘About time that happened, I was seriously worried about you.’ 
‘Who’s talking? You’re not exactly Rudolf Valentino. All you’ve got are your girly sites on the internet,’ said Tom and I laughed.
‘You guys laugh away, I am just glad John finally is going to get some.’
I hadn’t thought about that. I had never kissed a girl, well, I did kiss Jenny Lawrence in third grade, but I didn’t think that would pass as experience.  Brooke said she was my girlfriend now, but maybe she is prudish and doesn’t like kissing on the first date. I would find out later, I thought.
‘Did you guys ask your parents if it was OK to spend the night in the mountains? Mine are fine with it’ said Tom.
‘I’m good.’ added Mike.
‘Mine are cool with it.’
‘Come to think about it, you might not want to go now that you have a girlfriend. I mean, what are Mike and I compared to that beauty?  Just a couple of simple friends,’ said Tom with a sad face.
‘Come on guys, of course I am going with you. No girl can keep me away from my buddies.’
We finished lunch and walked along the corridor to our next class. 
‘Tom, since you are the only one with some kind of experience with dates. Where do you think I should take Brooke?’
‘She has a car which makes things much easier. Maybe invite her for a burger at Jimmy’s.’
Jimmy’s was the favorite burger joint among us kids. Great burgers, and there were video games and pinball machines. Jimmy’s has been around since the fifties, all our parents used to go there when they were young. 
‘Jimmy’s sounds good. Maybe afterwards I could take her for a walk around town. Brook is new around here so maybe she wants to see the sights.’
‘What sights, there is nothing interesting in this town?’ said Mike as we entered the classroom.
 

Chapter 4

It took most of a summer for my father to build the wall outside our house and it was his pride and joy. The wall was two feet thick and about four feet high and surrounded my mom’s garden. Her garden had actually won a prize and the diploma is mounted in the living room and mom showed it off whenever she could.

It was close to four-thirty in the afternoon when I heard a car coming. I looked to the left I saw Brooke’s convertible coming down the street. She stopped right in front of me and waved as I jumped down from the wall and opened the passenger door.
‘Hi baby!’ She leaned over and kissed me lightly on the cheek. I felt myself blushing.
‘Hi Brooke, I thought we could go to Jimmy’s and eat something.’
‘I have a much better idea. Look in the basket at your feet,’ she said as she drove down the street. I opened the basket and there were wrapped sandwiches and under them, a bottle of wine.
‘I don’t think the wine bottle is a good idea Brooke. We are under age and what if the police stop us?’ I said sounding like my dad, ‘Where did you get it from anyway?
‘My parents are on a trip again, so I took it from my dad’s wine cellar. That’s what they get for leaving their poor daughter all alone at home.’ She laughed her special laugh again. I could listen to it all day.
‘Anyway, wine has never killed anyone, not directly anyway. I thought we could drive down to the river and have a picnic.’
‘A picnic sounds great,’ I said nervously. The only time I had tried alcohol, were a few beers in the mountain or champagne on New Year’s Eve with my parents. Drinking wine with a girl, was a totally different ballpark. Actually, was a completely different game all together.
When we arrived by the river she parked under a tree and we walked along the bank. We found a good spot and I opened a blanket she had in the trunk, and lay it down on a flat area. Brook opened the basket and took out the sandwiches; she uncorked the wine and took a drink directly from the bottle.
‘Sorry, I didn’t have any plastic glasses at home; I hope you don’t mind drinking from the bottle.’ she said handing me the wine. I took a careful sip, it was dry and not very cold and I guess it tasted OK.
‘This place is so beautiful.’ She walked down to the water just a few yards away, and after taking off a sandal she sticked her toes in the water.
‘It’s not that cold as I thought it would be. Maybe we can go for a swim later.’
‘I didn’t bring any swimming trunks.’
‘And I didn’t bring my bikini,’ she giggled. ‘Let’s eat I am starving.’
The afternoon was fantastic, the air was warm, and there was no wind at all. The water slowly floated by us is like a floating mirror, reflecting the trees on the river bank and the blue sky. I though I must be the luckiest guy in the world, or at least in my town. I looked at Brooke, she lay on the blanket, face up, and a pair of sunglasses on her nose. She looked like an angel sleeping. She was wearing a sleeveless dress with a flowery pattern. From where I was sitting, I could see a little bit of her left breast. I looked away, and tried to think about something to say.
‘Where are you from originally,’ I stammered, ‘I mean where were you born?’
She turned her head towards me.
‘I am from California, a small town like yours, north of Los Angeles. My parents and I lived there until I was fourteen, and then we moved to LA, where my dad got a new job.’
‘How come you moved here then?’
‘My dad got laid off from his job because of the crisis. He and my mom started up a new business, and since they just started they need to travel a lot, leaving me to fend for myself. They figured I would be safer in a small town than in big bad LA. Well, they might have made a mistake there, how could they know I would meet someone like you? Are you safe to be with John?’ she said smiling at me.
‘I guess I am safe to be around, at least my friends tend to think so.’
She sat up and reached for the wine bottle which was almost finished. She looked at me, and asked.
‘Do you mind if I have the last of the wine?’
‘Not at all.’
The wine had gone to my head and I was feeling a little woozy, but it was a nice feeling, very relaxing.
‘Let’s go for that swim now,’ said Brook and as she stood up she grabbed my hand and pulled me up. We walked down to the water where she looked up and down.
‘Well, no one is around, and since we don’t have swimwear, I guess we are going skinny dipping.’
I paniced, my knees went weak, and I didn’t know what to say. I looked down at the ground, and I could feel her eyes on me.
‘Come on John, don’t be shy. I know how boys look like, I am seventeen you know. I’ll make you a deal. I will go first, and swim out a bit. Then I’ll turn around, and you can undress and jump in the water. Is that OK?’
‘OK, but no peeking. I will turn around also, so you can undress.’
She took off her sunglasses and looked me straight in the eyes.
‘I don’t mind if you see me naked, I am your girlfriend after all.’
She pulled her dress over her head and then opened her bra which she let fall to the ground. Then pulled down her panties. I didn’t know where to look, my eyes were everywhere. My heartbeat doubled, and I felt my face turning red. Her body was perfect. Her breasts were full with upturned nipples, her stomach was flat, her hips had seductive curves, and I caught glimpse of a whisper of hair between her legs before she turned and jumped in the water.
For a minute I just stood there, watching her as she swam out. She was a strong swimmer and her steady crawl quickly brought her about twenty yards out from the bank. She stopped, treaded water and waved at me. Across the shimmering surface her voice reached me.
‘Come in, it’s wonderful!’
‘Coming!’ I yelled back.’
As promised, she turned around, and I quickly got out of my clothes and jumped in. The water was cool, so my wooziness cleared, and I swam out to her.
‘There you are. See, I promised not to peek,’ Brooke said when I reached her.
‘Thanks, I’m just a bit shy. I’ve never done this before.’
‘What, swim naked?’
‘I swam naked before, but with my buddies, not with a girl.’
She swam in a circle around me.
‘Well, from what I can see from here, you are completely normal. So there is no need to be shy. Come on, I’ll race you back to shore.’ 
She took off, and I had to really put my arms and legs to work to keep up with her.
We arrived at the same time. She dipped her head under the water and when she came up shook the water out of her hair. 
‘That was so nice. I hope you are not sending me back out there so you can get out of the water in privacy.’ 
I thought for a second, what the heck, this is not a time to be a wuss.
‘I feel more confident now so I will get out of the water first.’
I climbed up the bank and turned around, offering my hand to her. She took it and I pulled her up. I don’t know if she did it on purpose, but she stumbled into my arms. I looked into her eyes, our faces came closer, and before I knew it our lips met. I felt her tongue against mine, and I tasted a hint of the wine. Our kiss became deeper; she put her arms around my neck, and her hands in my hair. My hands went behind her back and slide down to the small of her back.  I suddenly let go and I look down, I had an erection.
‘What just happened, John, why did you stop kissing me?’ I heard her ask me.
‘Nothing, sorry, I don’t know what happened.’
‘John, I am just kidding, I know, sorry, I felt what happened. It’s OK, it’s normal.’
‘Yeah, I know it’s supposed to be normal, but, it’s new for me.’
 ‘It’s the first time you got an erection with a girl, right?’ She asked it very sweetly, almost whispering to me. I looked around for my underwear, and walked over to where I had dropped them.
‘You are right, it’s the first time it happened with a girl.’
She came over to me, put a hand on my shoulder, and turned me around. Luckily I had managed to get my underwear on.
‘I don’t care if you have experience or not, I like you, I want to be with you, and maybe we can learn some lovemaking skills together.’ 
Before I could say something, she kissed me again. The kiss became deeper, and we lay down on the blanket. When I told Brooke that I had no condoms, she just kissed me softly on the lips, and whispered in my ear that she was on the pill. We touched and explored each other. Brook was very understanding and patient during my clumsy attempts to please her. She guided my hands and whispered little hints in my ear.
Around us the birds were singing, the sun is slowly set behind the mountain, and the air cooled down. But not us, we staid warm in our embrace.  
When the sun had set we got up, dressed, and put the trash in the basket. As we walked back to the car we were holding hands. I don’t know what she was thinking, but for me, that afternoon was the best in my entire life. I felt so happy, I just wanted to scream, ‘I am in love with Brook!’
 

Chapter 5

It was a Wednesday, and I was no longer a virgin. This is going to sound corny, but I think the way I lost my virginity was the perfect way, maybe some would say it should happen on the wedding night, but we are in modern times now. 

 It had been two days since I met Brooke for the first time and every waking hour I thought of her. It was early in the morning and I had no problem getting out of bed that day or any day because I kew in an hour I would get to see her again. That’s when my heart kept skipping beats and I felt like I was walking on clouds. 
I got out of my bed, and took a quick shower. I dressed and walked down to the kitchen where my mother had made breakfast. Amy was already eating and reading a comic book.
‘You came home late last night, John. Where were you?’
‘Sorry mom, I was out with Brooke, we went to the river and then we had a burger at Jimmy’s. I just lost track of time.’
She walked over to where I was sitting, and placed a plate of bacon and a glass of OJ in front of me. When I looked up at her, she smiled at me and said,
‘You should have called, John. I didn’t call you since I figured it was your responsibility to call home. How was the date with Brooke?’ 
‘The date was fine mom.’
‘How old is she?’
‘If you must know, she is seventeen, and I will be sixteen next month, so it’s just over a year difference. It’s not like she was a child molester.’
‘Sorry for asking, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings or accusing her of cradle snatching. I just don’t want any problems. When will she be eighteen?’
Mom was right, when Brook turned eighteen she will be an adult, and I was still considered a child according to the law. In theory she could be accused of having sex with a minor. No need to say that we already had sex, but it was something to think about. We had to be careful.
‘Actually, I am not sure when her birthday is, but I will ask her.’
I finished my breakfast and kissed my mom and Amy goodbye.
While walking to the bus station, I was thinking about how to handle Tom and Mike’s questions. They would want to know all the details of yesterday but I wasn’t going to tell them. I had  reached the first intersection when a car pulled up next to me.
‘Good morning honey.’ Brook smiled at me from behind her sunglasses. I walked over to the car.
‘Hi Brook, what are you doing here?’
‘I thought that I would pick you up, and drive you to school, since I am going there too.’
‘Wow, that was nice of you, but I kind of have this regular thing with Mike and Tom. We always meet at the bus stop and ride to school together.
She pushed up her sunglasses with her index finger showing a bright red nail and looked at me. He eyes were cold.
‘I could swear it was a man who made love to me yesterday by the river, but now I am looking at a boy, who can’t be without his school friends. Did your mom pack you a lunch box too?’
I couldn’t believe the venom coming from her beautiful lips that I had kissed the previous day. Why was she so aggressive suddenly and straight out mean?
‘No problem Brook, I will go with you.’ I figured it was better to keep the peace.
‘Sorry, you had your chance. See ya kiddo,’ and she drove off.
I stared after her and I didn’t know what to do. I felt devastated, was that how I was going to lose her, because I wanted to take the bus with my friends? I continued on to the bus stop where Tom and Mike were waiting.
‘Good morning guys.’ I managed to say, my head buzzing with thoughts on how to fix things between Brooke and myself.
‘Hey, wasn’t that Brooke in the car, what happened?’ asked Mike with real concern in his voice. ‘You were talking and then she drove off.’ 
‘I don’t know. She offered me a ride to school, but when I told her I was meeting you guys here, she got pissed off and drove away. I just don’t understand,’ I said quietly.
‘Women! Can’t live with them, and you can’t live without them. She will get over it, and if she doesn’t, screw her. We were your buddies before she arrived, and we will be your buddys way after she is gone,’ said Tom.
I didn’t say anything. The bus arrived and we got on it. During the ride I was aware of Mike and Tom discussing something, but I didn’t pay much attention. I thought about how to get on Brooke’s good side again. She couldn’t be that angry because I took the bus instead of going with her, that would be crazy. It had been strange how her voice and face changed when she became angry. Her usual soft features became hard, her green eyes narrowed and her lips pulled back into a snarl as she spat out the words. It was not the same sweet girl I had been with at the river. This girl had another side, like an evil twin of the woman that I had come to love.
The day felt longer than any other day in school. I caught a glimpse of Brooke a few times, in the school yard, and the cafeteria. She didn’t acknowledge me at all. I missed her wink, her smile, and the little waves she gave me with her fingers. Tom and Mike noticed my frustration and tried to me laugh. Even though they gave it their best shot, it still didn’t help. I didn’t feel like laughing, I only wanted Brook to talk to me again, to hold her in my arms and kiss her.
As I sat on the bus going back home, I saw her pass in her car and there was a guy with her. I didn’t want to show my friends and the rest of the bus how I felt so I managed to hold back the tears,
When I got home I went to my room and locked the door. My mom came up and knocked. I told her I was studying and I would be down for dinner. I lay in bed, looking at the ceiling, thinking about how fast something wonderful could turn to shit in a heartbeat. If only I hadn’t told her about the bus.  If only I had left a little later. If, if, if. The phone rang, and I look at the screen assuming it was either Tom or Mike, but the screan said, Unknown Number.
‘Hello.’
‘Hi baby. It’s me, Brooke.’
I sat up, my hands shaking from nervoussnes. 
‘Hi Brook. How are you?’
‘Fine thanks.’
Her voice was soft and purring.
‘I just wanted to call and tell you I am sorry about this morning. I was in a bad mood and took it out on you. I am very sorry that I insulted your manhood.’
‘It’s OK Brook. No need to apologize.’
‘Yes I need to. It was very difficult for me not to talk to you today, I was being a stuck up bitch, and you don’t deserve that. I love you, you know that. And before you ask, the guy in my car this afternoon, it was Don from my class; his car had a flat so I gave him a ride. I knew you saw us when we passed the bus.’
‘Oh, OK. Thanks for telling me.’
If she only knew how much her words meant to me, I felt like a ton had been lifted from my shoulders. We spent the next hour talking about everything and nothing. Later I had dinner with my family, and then we all sat down to watch a movie together. I went to bed with a big smile on my face, and drifted into a dream about Brooke and me at the river.
 

Chapter 6

The next morning I called Tom to let him know I would catch a ride with Brook. He gave me some comment about being pussy whipped, but I let it slide. I was in such a good mood, nothing could bother me.
Brook picked me up at 7.30a.m., she had to go by the gas station to fill up the car. When we drove up to the pumps there was an old Ford Bronco in front of us. It was parked right between two pumps so we couldn’t get to the one closest to us. Brook got out of the car and walked up to the Bronco. Apparently no one was there because she came right back. As she was getting into her car again, a man walked around the corner, going towards the entrance to the Quick Mart that was attached to the gas station. Brooke walked around the car and aproached the man.
‘Excuse me, is the Bronco yours?’
The man looked at her.
‘Yeah, what about it?’
‘Nothing, could you move it a bit so I can get to the pump please?’
‘Hang on; I will be back in two minutes.’
‘Please, we will be late for school.’
‘Look Missy, it’s not my problem if you’re late getting your lazy ass out of bed. I said I would move it when I am done.’
Brooke calmly walked closer to the man, right up to his face. She looked up at him, and screamed,
‘Move your piece of shit truck now, fucker!’
‘What did you say, bitch?’ The man responded.
‘I said, move your piece of shit truck, fucker. Are you deaf as well as dumb?’
I opened the door, to get out and try to calm down the situation. When I was half way to where they were standing, I saw the man push Brooke. Not hard enough for her to fall over, but she had to take a step back not to lose her balance. What happened next should have been a sign to me that Brooke was not like other girls. She stepped closer to the man, and with all the force she could manage kicked him right in the nuts. He went down on his knees. Brooke took aim and kicked him in the face. At that point I was running towards her.
‘Brooke, stop!’ I yelled. But she kicked him a second time. I reached her, and grabbed her shoulders. She fought back, but realized it was me, and let me drag her back. She screamed at the man lying on the ground holding his balls and bleeding from his mouth and nose.
‘Never touch me again, motherfucker, or the next time I will kill you!’
I got her back in the car, and she reversed out and turned the car towards school.
I was chocked by what I had just witnessed. That man must have weighed almost twice as much as Brooke, and she had taken him down in a second. Not even thinking about walking away. I turned to her, her face was soft and she was smiling, like if she was thinking about something very pleasant.
‘Are you OK, Brooke?’
‘Of course I am, why wouldn’t I be? It’s not me lying back there, bleeding all over the place.’
‘Well, I am pretty shaken up by what happened. I have never seen anything like it before.’
‘John, you are so sweet, that’s why I love you.’ She leaned over and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, and continued.
‘You are so innocent. I just love that about you. Me on the other hand, I don’t take shit from anyone, doesn’t matter how big he or she is. And that excuse for a man was ignorant, and then he pushed me. If I let him get away with it I just wouldn’t be able to live with myself.’
‘So you don’t feel you over reacted?’
‘You saw it, he pushed me first.’
‘Yeah, but still?’
‘Just lets forget about what happened, and talk about other things.’
We had arrived at school, and Brooke parked the car and we got out. We had our classes in different parts of the school, so we kissed goodbye there. As I looked down, I could see there was blood splatter on Brooke’s shoes.
‘You need to clean that off before it stains. Blood stains are hard to get out.’
‘Don’t worry John, a little blood hasn’t killed anyone, at least not on their shoes.’ With that she walked off. I stood watching her walk away, her hips swinging under her dress, her long legs, and her hair moving to the rhythm of her walk. I thought to myself, she is like no other girl I have ever met.
During the lunch break I sat with Tom and Mike. Brooke was in the cafeteria as well, but at a table with the Seniors. She waved at me when she came in, but didn’t come over to say hi. No problem, I was cool with that.
‘John, do you think Brooke will make drama about us three taking off for the weekend?’ asked Tom.
Good question, I thought to myself. Would she? She got angry about the bus, but then she said she was actually angry about something else. There was only one way to find out. I decided to ask her that night. My mother had asked me if I thought Brooke would come over for dinner, since she was alone at home. I said I would ask her.
‘I think she will be all right with it. I will ask her tonight, she is coming over for dinner.’
‘Oh, it’s time to meet the parents. Are you scared or nervous?’ asked Mike.
‘Not at all, Brooke is so nice; I know my family will like her.’
‘Just make sure Amy is locked up. She could ruin your entire love life.’
We all laughed. Both Mike and Tom adored Amy, but she could be a bit of a pain in the butt sometimes.
After the last class I walked over to where Brooke had parked her car. I noticed she forgot to lock it. I looked around to see if she was coming, but then remembered she had one more class, and I was supposed to wait for her. I got in on the passenger side, and turned on the radio. As I sit there curiosity got the better of me. I wondered what she might have in the glove box. I opened it and inside were the usual papers, insurance, registration card, a couple of pens, and a photo which I picked up. It was of a man and a woman. Between them there was a little girl, about twelve or thirteen. First I thought it must be Brook when she was younger, but when I looked closer I saw that the girl looked nothing like Brooke. I turned the photo over and on the back three names were written, James, Maria, Mia, and a date. As I put the photo back the insurance paper fell out. I picked it up and I noticed the name on the insurance was James Richards, issued in Nevada. I got an odd feeling, so I got out and looked at the car plates. They were from this state. I looked at the insurance, and it said a Nevada plate number, but the car model, color and year were all the same. That’s strange I thought as I got back into the car. I put the insurance back in the glove box and leaned back in the seat and dozed off.           
‘Wake up baby.’ I felt a soft kiss on my mouth. I looked up into Brooke’s green eyes.
‘Hi there, I must have fallen asleep.’ I said rubbing my eyes.
‘Yeah, I could hear you snoring from across the parking lot,’ she said as she straddled me. She leaned forward and kissed me deeply. I could feel her breathing heavily and her breasts pushed against me. My hands found her nipples and were hard under my touch, and that was not the only thing that was hard.
‘That’s enough lover boy, it’s time to take you home.’
‘Alright.’ I said a bit disappointed, and then I remembered.
‘Brooke, my mom would like to invite you for dinner tonight. Don’t worry, she is a great cook. You won’t get food poisoning, I promise.’ 
Brooke giggled and said, ‘looking at how strong you are I bet your mom is a great cook. Tell your mother I would love to come. What time should I be there?’
‘Make it 7pm.’
‘Cool, at 7pm it is. Now let’s go, I need to make myself even prettier than I am to impress your parents.’
After giving her a last kiss, I said,‘impossible.’
 

Chapter 7

My mother was very pleased that Brook was coming for dinner. It would be the first time I had ever taken a girl home and, of course, I was very nervous. I had heard horror stories around school about kids taking their boyfriend or girlfriend home, and the parents or a sibling made an ass of them. My biggest concern was Amy, at twelve she was a bundle to handle. She could come up with all kinds of crazy questions at all the wrong times. I decided to have a brother to sister talk with her. I knocked on her door.
‘Enter’.
‘Hi Amy, can I talk to you for a few minutes.’
‘Sure, Bro, no problem.’
She was sitting by her desk doing some school work, and I sat down on her bed, a pink pillow, pink sheets and a pink blanket. She did love her pink.
‘Listen Amy, I just wanted to ask you for a favor tonight. I care a lot about Brooke, and I would appreciate it if you could be on your best behavior.’
She thought for a second.
‘Do you love her?’
‘Yes.’
‘If you could, would you marry her.’
‘Yes, I would.’
‘Ok. I will behave, but you owe me a large chocolate shake at Jimmy’s next weekend.’ 
I gave her a hug, and said, ‘I will buy you two shakes.’ She smiled as I left the room, happy with a good deal. 
In the kitchen my mother was at full speed, pots and pans everywhere.
‘What’s cooking mom?’
‘There is a chicken in the oven, and I am making a cream sauce and veggies. I hope she likes veggies.’
‘I don’t know, we don’t talk about veggies when we are together.’
‘No, I guess not. Anyway, go and clean up the living room a bit, we want to make a good impression, don’t we?’
The living room wasn’t in that much of a mess, just some old papers lying around and a couple of glasses. I tidied up, and then went upstairs to take a shower.
At 6.30 pm my family and I were all in the living room. My father had arrived from work half an hour earlier. When my mother told him who was coming for dinner, he laughed.
‘Imagine that, little John brings home a girl to meet the parents. It feels like only yesterday I was changing his diapers,’ my father chuckled.
‘Dad, that’s exactly the kind of comments I can do without tonight. I care about her and I don’t want you to make me look like an idiot.’
‘Don’t worry son, I will be on my best behavior.
The doorbell rang. God, she was early. I walked to the door and opened it.
‘Hi honey. Sorry for being a bit early, I was bored at home, I hope it is OK?’
I looked at her, she looked amazing. She had a silver dress and high heels. Her hair fell over her shoulders, and she had some makeup on. Come to think about it, it was the first time I had seen her wearing makeup. I did notice she was wearing a bra, which made me relax. It was not something she was fond of wearing. She prefered to not wear one at school which made all the boys turn and watch her. My parents might not have liked that too much.
‘Come in baby, my family is in the living room waiting to meet you.’
At the door to the living room I said,
‘Everyone, this is Brooke. Brooke, meet my mom and dad and Amy, my sister.’
Brooke said hello first to my mother, then my father and finally a little hug for Amy. My mother went into the kitchen to finish the last details. I took Brook for a walk around the house. When we got back to the living room Brooke asked me.
‘What’s that on the wall?’
‘Oh, that’s something Granddad left us. Come, I’ll show you.’
 We walked over to a glass box mounted on the wall next to my mom’s Garden Diploma, inside was a Colt 45 and a Luger pistol.
Brooke was staring intently at the weapons. Her face had the same lustful expression as when we made out. I thought it was strange to see her pupils dilating while looking at two old weapons. I heard my mom calling that dinner was served, so I took Brooke under her arm and we went to join the others.
Both my parents and Amy were well behaved and dinner went smoothly. Brooke told us about her upbringing in California, and how it was for her to live alone for days or even weeks, while her parents traveled. At one point I asked her who the people were in the photo I had found in the glove box.
 ‘That’s my uncle James and his wife and daughter. They live in Nevada, a small town outside Las Vegas. On the way here we visited them, and my uncle asked if I wanted the car. A girl doesn’t get offers of a convertible every day, so I said, yes.’
Sounds plausible, I thought. An uncle in Nevada, a present, why not? What I didn’t get was why she hadn’t changed the insurance papers into her name. I decided not to continue the topic.
After ice cream and chocolate syrup we sat down in the living room. That’s when things began to go wrong. 
‘Brooke, I have a small, but a personal question to ask you,’ said my dad. I felt my heart beat faster and my hands got clammy. I wondered what else he was leading up to.
‘Sure, go ahead and ask me,’ Brooke said with her extra soft voice.
‘Well, I believe you turn eighteen later this year, and I was wondering, I mean, that would make you an adult, and John here would still be considered a child, at least according to the law.’
‘Yes, I will turn eighteen on the twenty second of December and I haven’t really thought about how that would affect my relationship with John. All I know is that I love him, and I want to be with him.’
‘Yes Brook that’s all lovely, but, the issue still won’t go away. You will be an adult, and he would still be a child. I don’t know your parents, or how they feel about the situation, but I can speak for myself and my wife, and say we are not comfortable with it.’
There was a long silence. I just wanted to disappear, get sucked into the sofa where I was sitting with Brooke, or go up in smoke, anything but be there. Brooke squeezed my hand really hard, and leaned forward.
‘If I want to be with John, I will be with John, and there is nothing, you or anyone else can do about it. Anyway, there is still more than two months left until this become a serious issue, so we have time to figure things out. As for now, I feel tired and I want to go home. It was nice to be here, you have a lovely home.’ 
She stood up and walked to the door. I followed close behind. When w were outside I closed the door to be able to speak with her alone.
‘Brooke I am so sorry for what my dad said. Parents don’t think like us.’
‘He is right John, when I am eighteen, I could be arrested for being with you. But I won’t let that happen. We can run away, and be together forever. What do you think, let’s leave soon?’
The urgency in her voice and her sad face made it hurt inside. I would love to be with her forever, but I also loved my family, and I had my friends, and entire life here. I just couldn’t drop everything and leave.
‘Listen Brooke, we will figure something out. This weekend I am going up the mountains with my friends on our bikes. We leave on Saturday morning and come back on Sunday. Let’s both think about this, and see what we come up with.’
Brooke just stared at me.
‘You are leaving me?’
‘No, I’m not leaving you, it’s just one night.’
You don’t want to be with me anymore, do you? You just want to be with your stupid friends.’ Her voice was angry, and her eyes became colder and harder, just like the day when she left me by the road.
‘Come on Brook, let’s not fight. I love you, you know that. It’s just that the guys and I had made this plan before I met you, and I can’t just pull out now.’
‘Pull out? You love pulling out of me before you cum, why can’t you pull out of your two fuck buddies. Are you planning some kind of Brokeback mountain escapade up there?’
‘Please Brook, don’t scream, my parents will hear us.’ Let’s talk about this in the morning, when you pick me up.’
She looked at me in silence for a few seconds. Then she stepped very close, I could feel her breath on my face, she smelled of chocklade syrup.
‘Don’t you ever go snooping around in my stuff again, do you read me? My shit is my shit, and you have nothing to do with it. Now, get back inside with your cozy little family, and forget about me going home to no one.’
She turned around and got into her car and left. I went back into the house, frustrated, angry with my parents, angry with me for snooping and angry at Brooke for not understanding my point about the trip with Mike and Tom. When I got to the living room I sat down opposite my mom and dad.
‘Dad, why did you bring up the age topic on her first visit? You could have waited a while.’
‘John, your mother and I talked about it last night, and we decided it was best to get it over and done with as soon as possible. It’s for your own good, son.’
‘What do you mean, for my own good? I love Brooke and I want to be with her.’
My mom leaned forward.
‘Honey, at your age, it’s difficult to understand what love is. What you feel is most likely infatuation, what some people call, puppy love.’
‘I know what puppy love is mom, and that’s not what I’m feeling. I love her with all my body.’
‘Yeah, after meeting her, I can see why. She is a walking, and talking, Playmate,’ said my dad.
And that’s when I lost it.
‘Fuck you dad! She is not some kind of porn chick. She is my girlfriend.’
Amy who had been watching TV began to cry and ran to her room. My mom got up and went after her.
‘John, I will not accept that kind of language in this house, do you hear me?’
‘I hear you dad, I hear you just fine. You have bothered me the last two years about meeting a girl and when I finally do, you call her a Playmate, and accuse her of child molesting.’
I got up, and went up to my room. I threw myself on the bed, and I couldn’t stop the tears from coming. I laid there and cried like I hadn’t cried in years. My body shook, and my nose began to run. I felt so confused. All I wanted was to be with Brooke, and now my parents had told  me I only had two months left. It wass just like when Grandma died, the doctor said she had three months left, and there was nothing we could do. Just knowing that each day that passed was one day less we would have with her. Then it hit me, maybe Brooke was right, maybe we should run away, but where, how would we pay for it? Suddenly I felt tired so I pulled the blanket over me, and soon I was asleep.
 

Chapter 8

Mike, Tom and I were sitting on the grass under the same tree Brooke and I sat under a few days before, when she had told me she would be my girlfriend. I had just finished telling them about the previous night’s disaster. 
‘Your parents do have a point.’ said Mike, who was always the realist. ‘I mean, if you think about it, there is not much you can do if they decide to press charges against Brooke the minute she turns eighteen.’
‘I have a question, John,’ said Tom. ‘Don’t you find these tantrums Brooke throws every time she is in a situation she can’t control, a bit weird? The first was at the beginning of the week when we asked if we could come along. Then the day we took the bus, and she attacked the guy at the gas station, and now, she goes ballistic at your parents house because they stated an obvious fact and asked her what she thought about it.’
‘I guess you have a point. She gets very emotional, but I don’t find her weird. I guess that’s the way she is. Anyway, are we all set for tomorrow morning?’
‘Yep, my dad and I will leave the house at 9am, and then we’ll pick you up first John and then Tom. We should be at the trail around 9.30am.’
‘I got beer!’ said Tom, ‘my brother came through and got us two six packs. I figured since John here is so continental, drinking wine these days, he could easily handle four beers instead of two.’ 
‘Yeah, I feel so grown up sipping wine with my girlfriend.’
We got up and walked back to school. As we were going through the entrance, Brooke came walking out. She ignored Mike and Tom, and grabbed my arm.
‘Come outside.’
I followed her out and we walked around the corner of the building where she stopped and leaned against the wall.
‘I’m sorry about yesterday, John, but what your parents said made me so angry and I lost control. I hope they don’t hold it against me.’
I was quiet, just looking at her. This amazing girl, who had me kneeling at her feet, and at the same time, my back against the wall.
‘Look, Brook, it got worse after you left.’ I told her everything my father had said, including the playmate part. When I finished she had turned into that fierce creature that scared me. Her eyes are brimming with hate and she was clenching her fists repeatedly.
‘I think your father is a fucking asshole, John.’
‘I tend to agree, but he is still my father, there is nothing I can do about it.’
‘Well, maybe not you.’ She breathed deeply a few times, and in front of my eyes her features softened and she became the beautiful Brooke again.
‘By the way, I have thought about you going up the mountain with your buddies and I think it’s a great idea. I have things to do at home, exams and I am late on a project, so please go with them, I won’t be upset.’
 She made it sound like she had given me her permission to go with my friends. Felt kind of strange. 
‘Well, OK. We leave tomorrow morning so maybe we could go to the river this afternoon and spend some quality time together.’ I said with a wink.
‘Mm, quality time sounds good. I’ll make sure I do things to you so that you won’t get any boys only ‘Brokeback Mountain’ ideas up there with your friends.’ She said and laughed her bubbly laugh. Then she gave me a soft kiss on the lips and hurried ahead of me back to her class. I looked at my watch, and saw I was late. I didn’t care, Brooke was OK with me going away, we had a date for the afternoon, and life was good again.
‘Come back here, John.’ I heard Brooke say. We had just finished making love at our spot by the river bank. I had got up to get some water from the car, and when I turned around she was still lying naked on her back. The perspiration from our love making was glistering on her body, she was still breathing heavy, I could see her breast moving up and down, and I felt stirring in my loins again. I walked over to her and stood in front of the sun, casting my shadow over her.
‘Hey big boy, are you ready for another round?’ she said, her voice husky.
‘Sure looks and feels that way, baby.’
‘Well, are you coming back then?’
I lay down next to her, and she smoothly moved on top of me. She leaned forward letting her breasts slowly caress my face while looking deeply into my eyes. She adjusts her hips and took me inside her. I saw her eyes open wide when she had me all the way inside her, then with a steady rhythm, she rode me until we both climaxed. 
Afterwards she jumped in the water, and lay there floating on the surface, just making tiny adjustments with her feet and hands to keep her from sinking.
‘John, where exactly are you going tomorrow?’
‘We go up the Old Western Trail. It starts about fifteen miles south of town, and then continues up the mountains for about another ten miles, lot’s of hairpin turns, and switchbacks, great for bike riding. At this time of year there aren’t many people up there so we can go quite fast. At the end of the trail there is a small camp, we usually spend the night there and then drive back in the morning. You should come with us one day.’
‘Sounds wonderful, I wish I could, but I don’t have a bike and no time this weekend.’
‘The bike problem can be solved, old Mr. Jones, the town mechanic rents Quads to tourists, I am sure he would give you a good deal.’
‘Maybe next time,’ she said.
With that, she went under water and swam out. She surfaced about twenty yards out, and then swam back, very fast. She didn’t look it, but I remember thinking, she must be incredibly strong for her size and being a woman. She handled that guy at the gas station like nothing, and when I was with her, I could feel the muscles in her body. Maybe she had worked out in LA? By the time I finished my thoughts she was standing above me, dripping water. I kissed her stomach and then said,
‘Well, my little mermaid, it’s time to go home. I have to suck up to my parents to make sure they will not back out of letting me spend the night tomorrow.’
‘You’re right; I have things to do too.’
We packed our things into Brooke’s car, and she drove us back to town. We had decided earlier she would drop me off before reaching my house, just to avoid meeting my parents. It was 7pm, and my parents might be outside enjoying the last rays of sunshine.
We kissed goodbye in the car, and agreed I would call her on Sunday when I got back.
 

Chapter 9

The following morning I was outside our house waiting for Mike and his dad. My Yamaha 80cc was parked by the curb and my backpack was next to me where I sat on the wall. I had packed the basics; some food, in this case hot dogs and buns, Tom would bring a disposable grill, some sodas and bottled water. I also had a small first aid kit and my sleeping bag. I was ready for the mountains.
Mike and his dad arrive on time. Mike's dad helped me load the bike onto the trailer and we drove off to pick up Tom.
We were dropped off at the trail, with the usual words of caution: Don’t drive too fast, always use helmets and do you have your cell phones etc. After Mike’s dad left, we started our bikes put on the helmets and rode like the three musketeers up the trail. We made a stop almost halfway up to have some water and then continued. It took us a little over an hour to get to the camp. 
After we had parked our bikes, we set up camp. We had a big tent which accommodated six people so we had plenty of space, no spooning needed.
Tom had brought his BB pistol so after setting up camp we spent a couple of hours shooting; it was Mike who was finally crowned the marksman. At one point when Tom and Mike were haggling about whose turn it was to shoot, I thought about how different things were with them compared to when I was with Brooke, apart from the sex I mean. With Tom and Mike I was like any other fifteen year old, playing, goofing around, and telling dirty jokes. With Brooke, I wanted to act mature, more grown up, maybe I craved her approval, even though she was only two years older than me. To me she was a woman like the ones I saw in the supermarket, or on TV shows. The girls in my class, with the exception of one or two, were all little girls compared to Brooke. They talked about boy bands, movie stars, and giggled over boys in general. Brooke was so sure of herself, she knew what she wanted and wasn’t afraid to take it. Look at me, for example, she saw me, liked me and had me. 
I had thought about the running away idea before I went to bed the previous night. I guess after the fantastic time with Brooke at the river had sparked fantasies of us living together and making love all day. When I woke up, reality hit me, I was a kid, and I lived with my parents and little sister. Running away was not an option. Then I thought that maybe Brooke would wait a month and two years for me until I turn eighteen. Then I realized that she might have to move with her parents, or worse, get tired of waiting and find someone else.
‘Stop day dreaming, John, we are going to the creek for a swim, are you coming?’ Mike’s voice took me away from my thoughts.
‘On my way,’ I mumble.
 I got up and joined Mike and Tom who was standing at the other side of the camp from the track where we had arrived.  It led down to a small but deep creek where we would hang out the rest of the day until it got dark. 
 Tom started up the disposable grill, Mike turned on two camp lamps he had brought and I got the hot dogs out and soon after we were eating.
‘Did you hear that?’ said Tom suddenly.
‘Yes, sounded like a big bike engine.’ Mike replied.
It only lasted for maybe ten seconds then went quiet. I had heard it as well, but it was time to drink the beers and after a while I was asked to give more details about my new sexual experiences. If I had been sober I wouldn’t have told them anything, but the beers had loosened my tongue and I told them a lot more than I should have. Looking at Mike and Toms expressions, they didn’t believe half of it. 
‘Come on John, a girl would never do that the first time, only in porno movies do they do it the first time,’ said Mike.
‘I swear, it’s what she did.’
‘If you are not lying John, you must be the luckiest guy in the world.’ said Tom ‘You have never had a girlfriend or dated, and the first one you have is a beautiful nymphomaniac, what are the odds on that?’
‘Pretty slim I would say,’ added Mike.
‘Anyway, you guys should just listen and learn.’ I said with a grin.
The night was becoming colder as the moon had come up above the trees spreading its cool light on us. We finish our last beers and decide to call it a night, and go to bed.
 

Chapter 10

‘Guys, it’s raining,’ said Tom when opened the tent the next morning.
 ‘Riding down is going to be a pain in the ass,’ said Mike under his blanket.
I get out from my sleeping bag and crawl over to where Tom was. I looked out and could only confirm what he had told us. A light rain was coming down, and the sky was dark. We decided to get going before it turned into a downpour.
‘Didn’t anyone check the weather report yesterday before we left?’ asked Mike.
Tom and I shook our heads and began packing our stuff. Mike grumbled and started collecting his clothes. When we were ready, we stepped out and began pulling the tent down.
‘Nothing forgotten?’ asked Mike as he straddled his bike.
‘No, we got everything.’ said Tom as he kick-started his bike.
‘I need to take a leak, so go ahead if you want,’ I said.
‘Actually, I need to do the same,’ said Mike and got off his bike.
‘I’ll go on ahead,’ Mike said while revving his engine.
‘Just be careful, its quiet slippery.’ Mike warned him.
 But under the sound of the revving engine I don’t think Tom heard him. We could hear Tom’s bike while we are peeing, and then suddenly, it went into a higher pitch and I thought I heard a scream. Mike and I looked at each other for a second then ran to our bikes and rode down after Tom. At the second hairpin we saw tire tracks in the mud, they went straight, not turning as they should. We stopped and rushed over to the edge of the ravine which was at least fifty feet deep. Both of us were shouting Tom’s name and when we looked down we could see his bike at the bottom, and Tom was lying beside it. We looked around trying to see if there was anyway we get get down to him.
‘Fuck, John, we need to get down there as fast as possible, to make sure he is OK. Did you bring rope by any chance?’
‘No,’ I carried on shouting Tom’s name, to see if I could get a response, but there was nothing, he just lay there. 
‘We need to call the emergency unit, if he is badly hurt he needs a hospital fast.’ said Mike, and I could see tears in his eyes. I took my cell phone out and called 911. I told the operator our location and what had happened. Mike and I sat down in the mud, there was nothing else we could do except to continue shouting to Tom for a response.
A police cruiser, an ambulance and a mountain rescue Jeep arrived forty-five minutes later. Tom hadn’t moved during that time. While the mountain rescuers got ready to go down the ravine we told the police officer, who worked with Chief Harris, what we knew and he wrote everything down. Then the medics from the ambulance asked us if we know whether Tom is allergic to any medicine, his weight, height and any other medical information we could give them. Then we hear the rescue team over the radio the deputy was carrying.
‘We are by the body, the kid is dead, he must have broken his neck in the fall.’
‘OK, copy that.’ The Deputy responded.
Mike and I sat down stunned by what we have just heard.
‘I am sorry for your friend guys. I will call Chief Harris so he can inform Tom’s parents what has happened. I will call a towing truck to get the bike up; I assume the Chief will want to know if there was some mechanical problem with it. I understand you know this trail well, and are experienced bikers, Tom should not have lost control of his bike here.’
Before we left, Mike called his dad to tell him what had happened, and to come and pick us up. The shock was so big I realized that I hadn’t called my parents either. 
On the ride back we were quiet. Mike's dad asked us a few questions to which Mike gave short answers. They dropped me off at home. After parking the bike and locking it, I went inside.
‘John, what happened?’ My mom hugged me hard, and I could feel tears rolling down my cheeks.
‘I don’t know mom, one second he was there, the next he was gone.’ I hugged her hard and she stroked my head as I cried into her shoulder.
I headed to my room, picked up the phone and called Brooke.
‘Hey, babe, how was the night with the boys?’ she asked.
I told her what had happened, trying hard not to cry again. When I finished she said,
‘I’m so sorry for you; I know how much Tom meant to you and Mike. Do you want me to come over?’
‘Please do, I need you here Brooke.’
‘Of course, baby, I will be right over.’
I decided to wait for Brooke outside, and when I passed the living room I said to my parents who were there watching TV with Amy.
‘Mom, Dad. Brooke is coming over, I would appreciate if we had no drama, I really couldn’t handle it.’
‘Don’t worry son, we will leave you alone,’ my dad said with a concerned smile.
Back in my room, Brooke and I lay on my bed. She was stroking my hair, and holding my hand and I was crying again.
‘You know John, it was an accident. It wasn’t your’s or Mike's fault. Dirt bike riding is dangerous; all three of you knew that.’
‘I know, but what I can’t understand is why there were no brake marks in the mud. It was like he didn’t even try to stop before he went over.’
‘Maybe a cable snapped or something?’
I lifted my head. ‘How do you know about brake cables?’
Brooke looked into my eyes, there was something there, she looked away when she said, ‘oh my dad had a dirt bike once, I used to watch him work on it.’
I lay back down again, turning my head towards Brooke. She moved closer to me, and we kissed. No urgency, and one touch led to another, and suddenly we were naked.
‘We have to be quiet,’ I whispered hoarsely.
‘I will be quiet as a mouse,’ Brook whispered back while maneuvering her hips to meet mine.
We made love slowly that evening, and I felt our souls meet; we became one with each other. Before midnight Brooke left and I was alone with my thoughts of Tom.
Why would there be a problem with his brake cables? He took better care of that bike than he would a girlfriend. With that thought in mind I drifted off into dreamland.
 

Chapter 11

I was having breakfast in the kitchen when a police cruiser parked outside our house. My dad was on his way out to work but stopped to greet Chief Harris and then they came in together. My mother wiped her hands on a towel.
‘Good morning John, Good morning Ruth. I am here to tell you I will need to talk to John later today about what happened. I need more details. If you could, bring him over to the station after school. By then I should have looked at Tom’s bike, which they are bringing down now.’
‘No problem, we will drive him over,’ said Dad.
Chief Harris left and I got ready to go to school.
‘Come on John, I’ll give you a ride.’
‘Thanks dad, but Brooke is picking me any minute now.’
I could see he was about to say something, but then changed his mind and just shook his head and walked out to his car. As he drove away, I kissed my mom goodbye and Brooke drove up outside.
‘Good morning handsome,’ she said.
‘Good morning to you, honey.’ 
‘Did you sleep well, or did you stay awake after I left?’
‘I fell asleep almost immediately; you take all my strength away when we make love Brooke,’ I said with a wink. She giggled and squeezed my leg while driving with her other hand.
At school I met Mike before class.
‘How are you doing buddy?’ I asked him.
‘Not good John, my mom had to give me a sleeping pill last night. Hey, did Chief Harris come by your place this morning?’
‘Yes, he did. He wants me in his office after school, my dad will take me there.’
‘Can I go with you, he wants me there too, but my dad and mom can’t get off work that time, but they said they would meet me there.’
‘Sure you can,’ I said, and we walked off to class.
After school, I was standing outside with Mike waiting for my dad when Brooke walked up to us.
‘What are you doing here with Mike, John? Why didn’t you wait by my car?’
‘Oh shit. I forgot to tell you. My dad is picking us up, Chief Harris wants to see us in his office this afternoon, something to do with the accident.’
She was quiet for a second, scanning the school yard behind her sunglasses. She turned back to us and said.
‘OK. I will talk to you later, honey. Then you can tell me what the Chief has found out.’ She kissed my cheek and walked off toward her car.
‘I’m sorry about this buddy, but there is something seriously off with that girl. She is cold as ice. I mean, she knew Tom a little, but it’s like nothing has happened.’
Then I remembered something I wanted to ask Mike.
‘Listen Mike, could you do me a favor. Could you look on the internet to see if you can find anything about a family in Nevada? Their last name is Richards. Their names are; James the father, Maria the mother and Mia the daughter. I know it’s a long shot, but you are better than me at searching the internet.’
‘No sweat, I should know something tonight, I will call or text you.’
At that moment my dad arrived and we left for Chief Harris’ office.
The Chief’s office was a large room with a big desk. There were a few diplomas on the wall and a gun case with several weapons. There was even an old bow and arrow with feathers on it hanging on one wall by the window.
‘Thank you for coming. I am sorry to bring you in, but last night I talked to Tom’s father and because of the information he gave me, I decided to have a better look at Tom’s bike. Tom’s father told me that he had all the brake cables renewed in June, so the bike would be ready for the summer. He replaced all the old cables with the best there is on the market.’ He opened his desk drawer and took out two cables with rubber sleeves.
‘These are the front and back brake cables that I took off Tom’s bike this morning. Take a look at the edges.’
We lean forward and looked closely, at first I didn’t notice anything unusual, the cables are a little frayed, but nothing else. Then I saw that some of the strands were a lot shorter than others. I look at Mike and his facial expression told me he had noticed it too.
‘Now, look at this.’ the Chief continued, and pulled back the rubber a bit, exposing more cable. I looked and I could clearly see small cut marks.
‘Looks like someone did some damage to these cables, and this one has the same markings. I have decided this is now a murder investigation. Someone has cut these wires deliberately, the brakes failed, thus causing the death of Tom. I met with Tom’s parents earlier today and told them about my findings. As you can imagine they are devastated, but finding out it was murder makes it even worse. I asked them if they could think of any reason why someone might want to see Tom dead.  They said that their son had no enemies as far as they know.’
The Chief looked at us and contined, ‘Can you think of anyone who would want to kill Tom?’
Mike and I shook our heads.
‘Have you had a chance to check his email account and his computer?’ asked Mike’s dad.
‘That’s what we are going to do next, but according to his parents, Tom didn’t spend much time on his computer.’
‘I can tell you the same, internet, and chatting was not something Tom liked to do, and he was an outdoors kind of guy anyway,’ Mike added.
There was a knock on the door and Mike’s father walked in.
‘Have I missed something?’
Chief Harris told him briefly what he had told us.
‘I’ll be dammed, murdered you say? There hasn’t been a murder in this town in years.’
‘Thank god for that. Anyway, that’s all for now, if I need something else I will call you.’
As we were leaving and walked past the reception area, I saw Mr. Jones, who had the garage in town talk to the policeman behind the desk.
‘I want to report one of my Quads stolen, a 500cc blue Suzuki. It was there last night, and this morning it was gone,’ he said.
I turned to Mike.
‘Didn’t you think it was a 500cc we heard last night?’
‘Yeah, I did. It was kind of far away, but I am pretty sure.’
Mike and I walked up to Mr. Jones and the policeman and I said,
‘We were up in the mountains last night, and we heard what we thought, was a 500cc Quad.’
‘What time was that?’ Mr. Jones asked.
‘Around eleven or eleven thirty, I guess.’
‘That sounds about right, I was in the garage at ten, and all the Quads were there.’
Mr. Jones thanked us for the information and we said goodbye and Mike got into his dads car.
During the ride back with my father we didn’t speak, but when we were almost at home, he said, ‘How are you feeling John?’
‘I am OK, dad. I mean not OK that Tom is dead, but the worst of the shock is over. It’s just hard to believe that I have lost one of my best friends.’
‘I guess Brooke stayed late last night?’
I felt a bit guilty; the memories from the previous night still lingred in my mind. 
‘Yeah, she did. It was nice to have her there though.’
‘I can imagine that. I don’t want to sound like an old record, John, but you seriously have to think about what you guys are going to do when she turns eighteen.’
‘I know, I know.’
We arrived at the house, and went inside. I told my parents I was going up to my room to call Brook. Amy cames running from her room and gave me a big hug.
‘I liked Tom and I am going to miss him a lot,’ she said.
‘Me too.’ 
When I called Brooke she didn’t answer so I left a message. She called me back fifteen minutes later.
‘Hi, how did it go at the police station?’ She asked.
‘Not too good. The chief says someone cut Tom’s brake cables, which makes it murder.’
‘Murder? Who would want to murder Tom?’
‘I have no idea, and neither does anyone else. The strange thing is that someone stole a Quad from Mr. Jones last night, and we heard it up on the mountain. It could be that the murderer stole the Quad, and followed us up there. Then while we were asleep, cut the cables.’
‘Come on John, you really believe that? It could just be some other kids who stole it and went on a joy ride at night.’
‘Maybe you are right, I don’t know. Anyway, do you want to meet later?’
‘Sorry John, I can’t. I’ve got things to do, exams and such. I’m sorry but I won’t be able to see you today.’
‘Now who is playing hard to get?’ I asked her 
‘I am not playing hard to get, I just have so many things to do, that’s all.’
We said goodbye and I laid down on the bed. I woke up an hour later when the phone rang.
‘Hello.’
‘Hi John, it's Mike, you need to get over here now, don’t ask, just get over here.’ He hung up before I could say a word. He did sound stressed and which was not the Mike I knew. I went down, and told my parents I was going to Mike’s, but that I would be back for dinner.
Mike was outside waiting for me when I arrived. He dragged me up to his room, and closed the door. I waited for him to tell me what was so urgent. His fingers flew over the keyboard of his computer.
‘Come and read this,’ he said.
I walked over to his desk, and pulled up a chair. On the screen there was a newspaper article from the Townsville News. 
‘They found three dead bodies in a burnt out house,’ said Mike. I looked at him, ‘So what’s so important about that?’
‘John, you are not reading all of it, read the last paragraph.’
I read it out loud.
‘The bodies were identified as James Richards, Maria Richards and their daughter Mia. The fourth person living with them, seventeen year old Amanda Richards was not found. Amanda Richard was James Richards’s niece, who came to stay with them after her parents were murdered in an unsolved shooting, which occurred in their house in Los Angeles one year ago. Amanda Richards is 5’ 9”, has long blonde hair, and green eyes.  The police are also on the look out for a silver colored Mercedes Benz 230 SLK, who belonged to James Richard.’  
Mike was sweating and said, ‘John, Brooke is Amanda Richards. She lied to you; she said her parents were on a business trip but they are dead! Her uncle and family were killed in a fire, she didn’t tell you that either.’
I just stared at the screen. I didn’t know what to think or say. Brooke meant everything to me; I had even thought about running away with her. Now, it seemed that everything she had told me was a big ugly lie.
‘We have to go to the police, John.’
‘Wait a second, I want to talk to her first, and maybe she has an explanation.’
‘Stop thinking with your heart, she is a liar, and we have to tell the police.’
‘I still love her, and I owe her the opportunity to explain.’
‘Fine, you do what you have to do, but I am calling the cops.’
‘No, don’t call the cops, I will talk to her, and then you can call, OK?’
‘Fine.’
Mike turned back to his computer and I ran down the stairs and back home.
On the way home I took out my cell phone and dialed Brooks’s number, she did’n't answer, so I left here a message.
I hadn’t been home for more than a few minutes when she called me back.
‘I need to see you right now; I am coming over to your place. What’s the address?’ I said.
‘Wait John, you can’t come over now. Where are you, I will come to you’
‘I’ll see you at my house, please hurry.’
‘What’s so important?’ asked Brook, ‘I was in the middle of studying.’ 
We were sitting on the wall outside my house. She was dressed in sweats and had her hair in a pony tail.
‘Brook, I just read an article from a newspaper in Nevada about your uncle and his family dying in a fire. The article also mentions an Amanda Richards who used to live there with your uncle, and disappeared along with a Mercedes Benz 230 SLK convertible.’ As I finish the sentence I looked over at the 230 SLK parked in front of us.
‘Also,’ I continued, ‘the article mentioned that Amanda Richards parents were shot and killed in their house in Los Angeles a year ago. Brooke, please tell me what’s going on.’
She was still looking at me, there was a slight twitch in her left eyebrow and she was playing with her fingers. 
‘OK, you got me. I am Amanda Richards, so what? What’s the difference, all you want is to have sex with me, you don’t care about me, and you don’t love me. I don’t need to give you any explanation.’
‘Brooke, you know that’s not true, I love you. But right now, Mike wants to call the police and I think it would be better if we went together.’
‘How come Mike knows about this. Have you told him?’ Now she was angry and I could see her features change. There was something menacing in the way she looked at me. She moved closer, her face just inches from mine, her hands gripped my upper arm, and she squeezed hard.
‘Are you a snitch John, are you a little boy that runs and tells about other people? Do you know what happens to snitches? They get hurt!’ The last words she spat out, I could feel the saliva on my face. I pulled my arms away, and stood up.
‘What’s your fucking problem Brooke, or Amanda or whoever the hell you are! I am trying to help you.’
The door to the house opened, and my dad asked if everything was OK. I turn towards him. ‘Nothing Dad, everything is fine.’ When I turned around to Brooke, she was already in her car. She slammed the door shut and she took off with the tires screaming. All I could do was to watch the tail lights disappear. I didn’t know what to do, and I needed help so I decided to go back inside and tell my parents.
 

Chapter 12 

‘That’s one hell of a story, son,’ said my dad and took a drink from his beer. My mom slowly shook her head, and looked at me with sad eyes.
‘I just don’t know what to do Dad. I love Brooke, but at this point I feel like I don’t know who she is or if I ever knew.’
‘I’m calling Chief Harris. I want to hear his opinion about this. If Mike has already talked to him, then so be it.’
While my dad was on the phone I sat down with my mom. She put an arm around my shoulders and leaned into me.
‘Don’t worry dear, everything will be all right.’
‘I really hope so, because I feel so betrayed.’
My dad hung up the phone, and turned to us.
‘The Chief says to come by tomorrow morning, there is nothing he can do now.’
The next morning after breakfast my dad and I got ready to leave for the police station. He had called the school and told them I would be late . As I opened the door to step outside I heard a siren getting closer. At first I thought it was on our street, but I saw it pass on the parallel street, between the houses, it was an ambulance. Suddenly the siren stopped. My dad came out and we got into the car and drove off. When we got closer to where I usually got on the school bus we could see a group of people standing around something on the ground, and the ambulance was parked next to them. I told my dad to stop. I had recognized a light blue backpack on the ground just like the one Mike had. I opened the door and ran over to the group. When I reached them, a person was lying on the sidewalk, and there was blood in his hair, and spreading out like a halo around his head. It was Mike. I screamed his name, and tried to get closer, but someone was holding me back.
‘What happened?’ I yelled.
‘He was on the sidewalk, and this van jumped the curb and hit him from behind,’ one person said.
‘Yeah. The van just drove over him and  then continued on like nothing happened.’
‘I was walking on the opposite side of the street and saw it all,’ said a woman with two dogs.
While we were standing there a police cruiser arrived and Chief Harris got out. He confered with the medics from the ambulance and them gave them a nod. They proceeded to lift up Mike on a gurney which they rolled into the ambulance.
The Chief saw me and walked over to where I was standing. ‘John, Mike is alive, but he is seriously injured. The medics don’t know if he is going to survive.’
My dad, who had arrived, put an arm around me and said to Chief Harris.
‘We have something we need to tell you. Can we meet at the station, when you have finished here?’
Back at the station I let my dad do the talking. I felt empty, like if someone has ripped everything out of me. I had already lost one of my best friends, and now I might lose the other, it was too much to handle. My hands trembeld, and I began to sob uncontrollably. Chief Harris called the reception asking the person there to bring a glass of water. I drank it in big gulps, to get the sobbing under control, although my hands were still shaking.
‘I will contact the police in Nevada and Los Angeles, to find out more about this Amanda Richards. Meanwhile, I suggest that young John, doesn’t see Amanda, or Brooke, whatever she calls herself. If she calls your house, tell her to contact me.’
‘Did you talk to Mike before he got hit?’ I asked in a weak voice.
‘No, I came in a bit later today, and there was a note on my desk that he had called, but when I called him back, his parents told me he had left for school.’
My dad and I got up and we shook hands with the Chief who said,
‘The reason why I was late this morning is because I went to Mr.Jones garage and the darndest thing has happened. Mr. Jones got his Quad back, it was parked outside his garage with a typed note on it, which said: “Thanks for lending me the Quad, I needed it to protect what’s mine.”
My dad dropped me off at school even though I don’t want to be here, but I thought he was right when he told me that there was nothing I could do at the hospital. They had taken Mike to the next town which had a teaching hospital with head injury specialists. 
The day went by in slow motion, one class merged into another until the day was over. I decided to walk home; I needed the fresh air and time to think.
‘Hey babe!’
I almost fell over. Brooke had jumped out in front me from behind a tree and wrapped her arms around me. I wriggle free and looked at her.
‘What are you doing here?’
‘I came to pick you up; I thought we could go down to the river. Let’s go, the car is around the corner.’
‘I don’t think so Brooke. Chief Harris says I am not supposed to see you. Actually I am supposed to contact him if I do.’
‘Please, John, I’ll be extra nice to you.’ She came closer and kissed me on my earlobe, and her hand slid up the inside of my leg. I couldn’t resist her advances, her touch, that aroma of her skin and her beauty just got the better of me. 
‘Alright Brooke, but I can only stay for a short while.’
‘I don’t know about short, I want you deep inside me for a long time,’ she said knowing her words turned me on.
Brooke was lying on top of me, slowly kissing my cheeks. She looked into my eyes, and said,
‘I’m sorry for yesterday, calling you a snitch. I was just so upset. My time with my uncle is something I want to forget. After he gave me the Mercedes, he thought he had certain rights, you know. I didn’t agree, so one night I packed my bag and left. I don’t know what happened after that. All this about a fire was as much news to me as to you when you told me. I didn’t want to tell you about my parents, because it hurts so much when I remember them. Also, I like being by myself, I don’t want the system to get hold of me, and put me in a foster family. That’s why I say my parents travel a lot.’
Her green eyes were so beautiful, and innocent. How could I have suspected her of anything, she was like an angel, my angel. I put my arms around her, and held her close, feeling the heat from her body warming me. It felt so good to be with her again, how could I ever had doubted her. If her uncle had plans to molest an underage juvenile, then leaving was the best thing she could have done, and not wanting to talk about her parents' murder made sense to me.
‘John, it’s time to go. We should get you back, so your parents don’t put out an APB on you. I have to take care of what’s mine’
That sounded like I had heard it before. Her boobs, touched my face as she stood up, and distracted me from what she had just said. 
‘You’re right. When can I see you again?’
‘Soon baby, soon.’
‘Why won’t you let me come to your home?’
‘It’s not that I don’t want you to visit me, but I like being here by the river while we still can. It is such a turn on for me, and you want me hot, don’t you?’ she said with a mischievous smile.
‘Where have you been?’ asked my mother. Worry showing on her face, when I got home.
‘Nowhere special, I just needed a long walk that’s all.’
‘But school ended almost four hours ago?’
‘Mom, I just needed to be alone for a while, OK.’
‘John, Mike’s parents called to tell us he died an hour ago from his injuries.’
I had been with Brooke when my best friend had died; I had been having sex, whilst my friend took his last breath. Overcome with guilt, I retched and then puked all over the floor.
‘Honey, let's take you to the bathroom.’
My mother helped me to the bathroom, where I was sick again. After a while there was nothing left in my stomach. Only a taste of bile in my mouth. She took me to my room, and helped me undress. I laid down, but when I closed my eyes I saw Brooke’s face and then Mike’s face, looking down at me. I opened my eyes and took a few deep breaths. My mother was sitting beside me stroking my cheek and hair until I finally fell asleep.
 

Chapter 13

My parents let me stay home from school the following day. I was up in my room catching up on some school work when I heard the door slam closed and my father, who sounded angry, shouting for me to come down.
‘What’s up, Dad?’ I asked when I walked into the living room.
‘Your girlfriend came to the bank today, and let me tell you, she is one smart girl?’
I got nervous, what would Brooke be doing in at my dad’s place of work.
He continued, ‘It turns out she has done some research which she presented to me while sitting on my desk. She told me that in our state, there is a three year exemption law on consensual sex, or a Romeo and Juliet clause as it is also called. This means that even when she turns eighteen you can continue to have sex together, as she clearly stated you already have.’
‘Oh, I see,’ was all I could say. I thought it was great news.
‘I called your mother earlier and told her about the visit from Brooke, and we both no longer want you seeing her. As far as you are concerned, you are single and Brooke is out of your life. You are still a minor and we, as your parents, have an obligation to protect you from something we feel might hurt you, and in this case, your relationship with Brooke.’
My heart sank. What was wrong with my parents, didn’t they want me to be happy?
‘Why not, why can’t I continue to see her? Give me one good reason dad?’
‘First of all, I don’t like her. There is something wrong with her. Second, the police are interested in her, and I don’t want you to get in trouble. End of story, there is nothing more to talk about.’
I had nothing more to say, I stood up, grabbed my jacket and walked outside.
Mom called after me, ‘where are you going, John?  
I didn’t answer her and began walking. I didn’t know where I was going, but I didn’t care, I needed to get out, to breathe and to think.
After wandering around for about an hour, I had arrived at Mr. Jones garage. He was outside working on a car.
‘Hi Mr. Jones, I heard you got your Quad back.’
‘Hi John, yeah, imagine that, in the morning it was parked outside the garage with a note on it. The strangest thing I have ever seen.’
‘Didn’t the police investigate the note?’
‘I suppose they will, but it’s no big deal, the important thing is I got my Quad back.’
I had a thought.
‘Mr. Jones, have you seen a silver colored Mercedes Benz 230SLK convertible around here by any chance?’
‘What a fantastic car. I have never had one in the garage, those Germans make very good cars that never break down.’ He chuckled, and it turned into a cough, and when he finished coughing he continued talking.
‘I did see one the other day while driving over to pick up some spare parts. It was parked by the curb, and as I passed it the driver’s door suddenly opened and I had to turn the wheel fast to avoid hitting it, that’s why I remember. When I looked in the side mirror, I saw a tall blonde girl looking back at me. As I drove on, she crossed the street and entered a small house.’
‘Do you remember the address?’ I asked with maybe too much urgency
‘Let me think.’ He rubbed his unshaved chin, leaving smudges of grease. 
‘It was on Calloway Road, just before that fancy new French Café, do you know it?’
‘I know where Calloway Road is, but not the Café.’
‘Take the bus, and get off at the corner of Calloway Road and 2nd Street, then walk one block on Calloway Road, there’s small, white house on the right side.’
‘OK. Thanks Mr. Jones.’
I ran down the road to the bus stop, and I only have to wait ten minutes until it arrived. The fifteen minute ride was enough to try to figure out what I should do when I found the house. It was already past 7pm and Brooke should be at home, if she hadn’t made any plans.
 I stood on the opposite side of the road to the house. On one side there was a shoe shop, and an empty office. On the other side there were several offices and an ice-cream parlour. It was quiet, and not many people around. I stepped into a doorway behind me belonging to a closed bar. I knew my parents must be worried about me so I sent a text message to my dad telling him I met a friend and we were at Jimmy’s, and that I should be back in an hour or so. After a couple of minutes he texted me back thanking me for letting him know.
I turned my attention back to the house. It was a single storey house, two windows facing the road, a small porch and surrounded by a badly managed garden, my mother would have wept blood if she had seen it. There was a light on in the window to the left of the door. The Mercedes was parked right in front of the house.
While I stood there thinking about my options, the light in the house went off and the door opened and Brooke walked out. She was wearing jeans, a sweater and a black baseball cap. She locked the door and walked to the car. For a second I thought about running up to her, but I changed my mind. I stepped back a bit further in the doorway. 
When she drove away I crossed the road. I want to take a peek through the windows.
The only thing I could see was a kitchen through one window and through the other a small living room. I walked around to the back, and there was a door. I tried it, and it was unlocked. I stopped for a minute. Should I be doing this, probably not? Brooke would freak out if she found out I was in her house. To hell with it, I was going in, I said to myself.
I was in a laundry room. I saw another door, which I opened. It led to a narrow corridor. There was a lamp on a table which I turned on. It gave enough light not to trip over anything, but not strong enough to be seen from outside. On my left were two doors, and on my right I saw only one. I started with the one on the right. It was a bathroom, which had a shower a WC and a washbasin. Above it hung a cupboard with a mirror on the door. I opened it and inside was the usual toiletries, toothbrush, toothpaste, deodorant, Tampax, a bottle of Tylenol, birth control pills and some Band Aids. I left the bathroom and went to the first door on the left. It opened into a bedroom. It was extremely tidy and clean. I could smell cleaning liquids, and a flowery smell. The bed was made with several pillows in a neat row. By the window stood table with a laptop, and pens in neat rows. The walls were empty. There stood a small wardrobe in the corner which I opened. Inside I found dresses, jeans, and a few sweaters, everything hung in order of length and color. There were two drawers at the bottom, and when I opened them I saw panties and bras in one, neatly folded and by color. The second drawer held, socks rolled up, and a few pairs of stockings, also ordered by color.
I stepped back, and took it all in. The word ‘Institution’ sprung to mind. It was not the room of an ordinary seventeen year old girl. Not that I had seen any, but I doubted it would look like this. I closed the drawers and the wardrobe. I closed the door after me and then opened the one leading to the last room. When took a step inside I stopped, my mouth opened, not believing what I was seeing.
The room was in semi darkness, the light came from dozens of candles arranged around the room, most of them on a small table in the middle of the right wall. I could see photos on the wall, of all sizes, some in color and some in black and white. I walked closer to one of the bigger photos; I was shocked because the boy in the picture looked like me. I stepped closer and saw that the backdrop was not from our town. It was a bigger city. I looked at some of the other photos; they were all off the same boy. On the table where most of the candles were stood a framed photo of the same guy and around it flowers, a chocolate bar, and a can of soda. I stepped back, and looked around. The room was an altar to this boy, whoever he was. As I stood there looking, I heard a car door close. I quickly left the room, closing the door after and returned to the laundry room. I heard the front door open and someone came in. At first I thought there were two people, but then I realize it was Brooke, and she was talking to herself.
‘Hi honey, I’m home. Did you miss me? Oh, I wasn’t gone that long; I would never leave you alone that long, not like our mother used to do. Yes, I brought you a new chocolate bar and a different kind of soda. This time it’s low sugar, you have to think about not having too much sugar.’
I opened the door from the laundry an inch and looked out. Brooke was walking down the corridor and then turned into the altar room. I could hear her voice.
‘There you are baby. I missed you so much. Earlier today I had to see a nasty man at a bank. He is the father of the boy I am playing with since I can’t play with you. But you know I love you and I always will. This boy is just for my fun.’
I had heard enough, I sneaked back out again, and walked as quietly as possible to the main road, and back to the bus stop.
 

Chapter 14

When I got home my parents were waiting for me.
‘John, you were not at Jimmy’s. When you didn’t come home, we called there and Jimmy said you never came in. Have you been with Brooke again?’ My mother asked.
 ‘Not exactly; sit down I need to tell you something.’
When I finished telling them what I had found at Brooke’s house, my mother shook her head slowly.
‘That poor girl, I wonder what happened to her.’
‘Poor girl my ass, she belongs in the loony bin,’ said Dad.
‘I need to tell Chief Harris what I found, will you go with me tomorrow Dad?’
‘Of course I will.’
Up in my room, I turned on my computer. I thought I could Google Amanda Richards to see if something came up that would explain what I had seen in the house. I guess I was too blind with love before to realize just how bad Brook was, but at the same time, she acted so normal, and was so sweet to me.
After a few tries with different words and Amanda Richards in the search engine, I found an article that looked promising.’
“Townsville. CA
Family Tragedy shakes small town.
The small town of Townsville was shaken to its core when details following a triple murder emerged. As previously reported in this paper on the night of October 20 of this year Ron Richards, Anne Richards and their son Johnny Richards aged fifteen was found shot to death by one of their daughters, Amanda Richards age sixteen, when she came back having gone to the local shop. The whereabouts of their second daughter is unknown. She left the family the previous year and no one knows where she is. Her name is Lauren Richards, aged twenty one.  The police are investigating Amanda Richards. Neighbors have told the police that on several occasions they heard shouting and fighting from the Richards’ residence. When the police were called, they were informed by either Mr. or Mrs. Richards that it was just a minor dispute with the teenage daughter. The neighbors interviewed insist on what they heard was not minor disputes but fights with very strong language. In several instances they have overheard Amanda Richards shouts that “if she couldn’t be with him, she would kill them.” There will be more information to follow.’
I kept on scrolling down and found another article by the same paper dated ten weeks later. This article was shorter but much worse.
“We have received new information regarding the murders of the Richards family from an anonymous source. We have been told Amanda Richards had an amorous relationship to her brother Johnny Richards. Normally, this paper would not print this since the people involved are underage, but the police are calling Amanda Richards dangerous and most likely armed. We feel it’s our duty to inform the public. Apparently the parents were aware of this, and tried to end it. This could have been the motive for the shooting. Amanda Richards first informed the police she was not there at the time of the shooting. This new evidence contradicts her statement.’
Further down I find another article, from the same paper.
‘Amanda Richards, known for the Richards murders, has gone missing. She was to undergo a psychological investigation to find out if she could stand trial, or if she is mentally insane. Amanda Richards was interned at the Johnson Psychological Institution for the Criminally Insane, while awaiting the outcome of the investigation. Apparently there was an administrative error with her paperwork, resulting in her release.’
I leaned back in my chair. I just couldn’t believe what I had read, an incestuous relationship with her brother, then killing him and their parents, and escaping a mental institution. When the phone rang, I picked up without looking at the screen.
‘Hi there baby.’ Brooke’s voice came over the line as sweet as nectar. I panicked, and hung up. It rang again.
‘Hey John, what happened, did you hang up on me? Her voice was still sweet, but knowing what I knew about her, I thought it would be better not to hang up again.
‘Hi Brook, how are you?’
‘Bored, I studied so much these last twenty-four hours that I don’t want to see another book for at least a week. I thought we could get together tomorrow after school.’
I was scared, I didn’t want to be alone with her, but at the same time I wanted to see her. I just couldn’t believe all I had read about her. Maybe I could make her come forward, turn herself in or something. I loved her and I didn’t want anything bad to happen to her.
‘Yeah, why not, how about you pick me up at Jimmy’s tomorrow, let's say 4.30pm.’
‘Great! See you then, honey, and dream about me will you?’ She hung up.
Maybe I would dream of her, hopefully not nightmares. I wanted to talk to her to let her know I knew about what had happened, but I had to be very careful not to upset her. 
 

Chapter 15

The next morning when we arrived at Chief Harris office, he wasn’t alone. We were introduced to Special Agent Dan Willcrow of the FBI, a short man with rimless glasses and acne. He looked to be in his mid-forties. He shook hands with me and my father and we sat down around a table. Agent Willcrow took out a thick manila folder from a bag and put it on the table. Then he took off his glasses and began to polish them for almost a minute, which made me feel a bit nervous. When he finished polishing them, he put them on, and looked at me.
‘John, I understand that you have become very close to a girl you know as Brooke. Is that true?
‘Yes.’
‘You have known her for a little over a week?’
‘Yes.’
‘How would you describe your relationship? Are you friends, lovers?
‘Boyfriend and girlfriend.’
‘Are you happy with Brooke?’
‘Up until now, very much so.’
‘Wonderful, it’s so nice to see young people in love. In this case though, you picked the wrong girl to fall in love with, John.’
‘Yeah, I kind of understand that now.’
‘Brooke, or her real name, Amanda Richards, has allegedly killed at least six people that we are aware of. There is a strong possibility that she has also killed your two friends, Mike and Tom.’
‘Now wait a minute Mr. Willcrow. Why would she kill my friends, they haven’t done anything to her.’
 ‘That’s exactly why, they were your friends. In her mind, you are hers, and she doesn’t share. She killed her mother and father because they wouldn’t let her continue abusing her little brother Johnny. Then she killed Johnny so no one else could be with him either. The same happened to James Richards and his family. Brooke had her eyes set on Mia, the daughter, she prefers boys but she likes girls too.’
My father asked, ‘How did she become like this?’
Agent Willcrow took off his glasses and polishes them again while speaking.
‘We believe that Brooke was abused by her father from a very early age. The mother was an alcoholic and substance abuser. She would often leave her children alone with the father while she went out looking for drugs, or drinking with friends. The older sister Lauren Richards was most likely the first to be abused, but when the father’s interest turned to Brooke, she saw the chance to escape.’
My father scratched his head.
‘OK, I follow the abuse line, but how come Brooke began abusing her little brother. It doesn’t make sense, if she herself was a victim.’
‘There you are wrong. Many times a victim of child abuse will become an abuser when he or she grows up. In this case it just started earlier while the abuser was still a teenager. From what we know from the examination and interviews with Brook at the hospital from where she later escaped, she told the doctors that she felt alone, and not loved. She had suicidal thoughts from the age of nine. She continued saying that her little brother would come to her when she was crying, and snuggle up to her. She thought this was a show of affection, which it was, but, here she loses it; she felt that she should also have the right to do to him what was done to her. So she begins to groom the brother, touching him, hugging him, playing little games like “I show you mine, if you show me yours”. At the time, the brother, who witnessed the abuse of his sister by their father, believed it to be normal, and therefore goes along with it.’
‘But didn’t the school or neighbours notice anything?’ I asked.
‘Where did Brooke tell you she grew up?
‘In a small town, north of LA.’
‘The closest town to where she lived is Townsville, and that’s about five miles away. She grew up in an isolated house until she was fifteen, by then she was already so mentally damaged and controlled by the father she would never speak about what happened at home to anyone. She was tutored at home by her father who was a very intellectual man, but tragically, a child molester.’
I sat quiet, thinking about Brooke and what she has gone through in her short life to make her what she was. I felt sorry for her, and I didn’t want her to be locked up. I hated her for what she has supposedly done to Mike and Tom, but as I sat there I realized my love for her overcame whatever she has done. To me, she was the best thing that had ever happened to me. She taught me love; she taught me how to make love, and how to care about someone. I asked Agent Willcrow,
‘What happens now?’
‘Nothing from you John, we will find her and arrest her.’
My dad said,‘That should be easy.  John told me where she lives and when he was there last night, he saw an altar which appeared to be dedicated to Brooke’s brother.’
‘Yes. We found something similar in the ruins of her uncle’s house in Nevada. Even though she was abusing Mia, the altar was for her brother.’ Turning to me, he said,
‘You look very much like Johnny Richards, you could be his twin. I can understand why Brooke went after you with such determination. When she saw you, she must have felt a physical and emotional need to be with you. In her mind, you are soul mates, you represent what she has been missing since she killed her brother, and it must be an overpowering feeling.’
My dad looked at me with a smile and said, ‘I knew you would be a girl magnet one day, but not for this kind of girl.’
I smiled back, but in my heart I thought Agent Willcrow was wrong. I felt the same way about Brook because she was my soul mate.
Agent Willcrow began to pack his bag, and my father and I stood up to go. Chief Harris looked sternly at me. ‘John, listen to me carefully. Do not, under any circumstances meet or talk to Brooke. She is very dangerous and unstable right now. I want you to give me her address and then let the Police and FBI take care of this. For you this entire thing is over. Do you understand me, John?’
‘Yes Chief, I do,’ I said while I wrote down the address and gave it to him.
It was only 11.30am so my dad dropped me off at school. A couple of kids from my class came over and asked me how I was doing and if the police had any news about the murders of Tom or Mike. I told them there was no news yet and walked to class. I didn’t feel like talking. I needed to think about how to get to Brooke before the police or the FBI.
I asked a Senior if he had seen her, but he said no so I took out my cell phone and sent her a text message.
“Stay away from home, see you behind Jimmy’s at 4.30pm. Bring your car.’
The rest of the day crawled by, I hoped Brooke got my message before the police got to her, she hadn’t answered me, and it worried me.
At 4.30pm I walked through Jimmy’s parking lot, aiming for the dumpsters behind the restaurant. I couldn’t see Brooke’s car in the parking lot and I became concerned. I wondered if she had been caught, or had she left town when I heard a whistle. I looked around, and I see Brooke’s head sticking out from behind a dumpster. When I reached we embrace and she kissed me softly on the lips. When she pulled away she put a hand on my cheek and said, ‘Thanks honey, I was in the car when I got the text so I left it and took a bus across town, where I hid in an abandoned building until now.’
 She was dirty, her hair tangled, her eyes red from lack of sleep, and there were smudges on her clothes. She was still beautiful to me, but I could see she must have been under a lot of emotional stress.
‘Listen, Brooke, let’s go to the river where we can talk.’ 
‘OK. I had to change car, it’s over there.’
I looked where she was pointing and saw a new white Toyota Corolla. She had probably stolen it, but at this point I didn’t care. We got in and she drove calmly through town, like if everything was fine.
We were sitting, facing each other at our favourite spot by the river.  It was a lot colder now, even though just over a week has passed since we were first there.
‘I know about you and your family in California and I saw the room with the photos of your brother, Brooke.’ I said calmly
She got up, and walked over to the river bank. She looked out over the water floating by, and then knelt down and washed her face with water from the river. She stood up and came back to where I was sitting. She looked down at me, and said,
‘You don’t know anything John. You think the police, or the FBI knows me, they don’t know shit. They don’t know how it is to be abused year in and year out by your own father, and have a junkie for a mother who didn’t care. The only one who ever cared about me was Johnny, he loved me and I loved him. We were soul mates, just like you and me John. When they wanted to take Johnny away from me, I had to stop them.’
I interrupted her with a question that has haunted me since I read about Lauren Richards.
‘What about your sister Lauren?’ I asked, wondering why Brooke had never mentioned her, not even now.
Her face went dark, her green eyes were burning, she was clenching her fists, and the tick in her eyebrow came back. She opened her mouth to say something, and then had second thoughts. She closed her eyes and when she opened them again everything came out in a tirade.
‘That fucking slut sold me! She sold me to our father so she could leave. She promised him she would never say a word about what he had done to her, only if he gave her some money and let her go. She even went so far as to spend six months grooming me with him before I was eleven years old. She showed me how to fuck my dad!’ 
She fell down to the ground and her body was shaking as she sobbed uncontrollably. I put my arms around her and held her as hard and close as I could. I don’t remember how long we sat there, but eventually she lifted her head and took a deep breath. She looked at me with those beautiful eyes, and said,
‘I didn’t kill my parents or Johnny, it was Lauren. She also killed my uncle, blaming it on me and I think she killed your friends too. I know she was the one who got me out of the mental hospital pretending to be a nurse, and fixed the paperwork. Lauren is behind all this. I swear, I am guilty of only one thing, and that is for loving my little brother in the wrong way, and I know it’s wrong. But I haven’t killed anyone.’
‘Have you seen Lauren around here?’
‘No, I haven’t. But I am sure she is around somewhere, hiding and watching us.’
‘Why did Lauren kill your parents and Johnny if she had made a deal with your dad? You just said she had made a deal with your dad to leave, and why put the blame on you?’
‘I am not sure. I remember when we were small, my father had always been after Lauren, she was the oldest and the more developed. When we moved from the house into town I was hoping I would be able to tell someone. I knew what I did was wrong, and I hated myself for it, I tried to commit suicide, but I always chickened out at the end. My father was never really interested in me sexually, until Lauren made her deal with him. I wasn’t his type.
Brooke sobbed a little and looked out over the river, and then continued,
‘He liked dark haired girls. One time he had forgotten to turn off his computer and I began to look around it, he had thousands of photos of girls between the ages of ten and fifteen, all brunettes, not a single blonde. Lauren looks very much like me, only she has dark brown, almost black hair. I think she came back to kill my father for what he’d done to her, and our junkie mother for not protecting us. I have no idea why she shot Johnny, maybe it was an accident. To put the blame on me would be typical of her. I remember, when we were small she always blamed me for everything.’
Hearing all this I realized how lucky I was, having a caring family and living in a normal home. I couldn’t even begin to imagine what Brooke and her siblings had gone through. I had heard about child molesters and child abuse, we talked about it in school and it was common to hear about it on TV. But I had never met anyone who had been a victim of it. It really rocked my entire faith in humankind, and especially with parents. If you couldn’t trust your parents, who could you trust?
‘John, I can’t live like this anymore. I think it’s best if we find someone who can help me, I really need to talk to someone. Coming to this town and meeting you, has changed the way I think. Today, before I came here, I tore down all the pictures of my brother. I cleaned the entire house, I felt like I was cleaning out my old life, to let a new life in.’ 
‘I have one last question. What happened at your uncle’s place?’
‘Lauren happened. I had been living there for a couple of months, things were going OK. I was feeling better, getting over the worst from the murders of my family.’
‘The FBI told me that you tried to molest your cousin Mia.’
‘Not true! I am the one who cared for Mia, we spent a lot of time together playing. Then one day Lauren shows up. My Uncle and his family were happy to see her. They hadn’t seen her in years. I was very suspicious because the last time I saw Lauren was when she got me out of the hospital. The first few days were fine, nothing happened.’
I could see that Brook was very upset, the tick was back, and she was fiddling with her fingers and hands, like twisting and turning them. She took a deep breath and continued, ‘Then on the fifth day, I walked in to Mia’s room in the morning to wake her up. Laura was there, in Mia’s bed, naked. I asked her what she was doing. She jumped from the bed and attacked me, we fought, and my uncle, woken up by the noise, came running in. When I told him what I had seen, he went to grab Lauren but she got away and drove off in her car. The same night I went down to a bar in town, to get away from the house. That’s when she came back and burned it down. When I came back, there was nothing I could do. The fire brigade was there and the police. I took my uncle's car which he had given me and I drove all night until I was so tired and I couldn’t stay awake any longer. That’s how I ended up here.’
‘So, you were lying, when you told me earlier that your uncle molested you.’
‘I am sorry, John, it was the easiest way to get you to stop looking for more information. I just wasn’t ready to tell you the entire truth at that time.’
‘It’s OK. Let’s get out of here and find Chief Harris and Agent Willcrow. They can help you. You need to talk to them first.’
 

Chapter 16   

We were a few miles outside town when Brooke looked in the rear view mirror, and said, ‘That van is very close.’
I turned my head and looked back and saw a black Chevy van behind us and the driver was riding our tail.
‘Let him pass, maybe the driver is in a hurry,’ I said.
Brooke moved the Toyota to the right, giving the van more space. Instead of passing, the van slowed down a bit so Brooke moved a bit further to the right. Suddenly the van accelerated and came up really fast and when it was alongside, it rammed into us. Brooke almost lost control over the little Toyota, but at the last moment she got the car back on the road.
‘What the fuck!’ Brooke yelled.
‘Jesus, what’s wrong with him.’
‘Hang on John, here he comes again.’
The only thing I could grab on to was the handle in the door. I felt the entire car shake on impact and I heard Brooke swear, then scream, and then silence for a few seconds. We had become airborne while going over the hard shoulder, and we hit the ground hard. Brooke lost control, and we crashed into a large rock. The air bags deployed and I felt something warm under my nose, I put up my hand and when I looked at it my fingers were covered with blood. I looked over to Brooke, and she seemed OK, but she was moaning. I had to get to the drivers’ side to help her, but when I opened the door, someone kicked it hard.
‘Stay put!’ a female voice said.
I looked up and I saw a woman in her twenties walk around the front of the car. She was quite tall, with dark hair in a ponytail. She was wearing jeans, and a blue jeans shirt, and sunglasses covered her eyes. I followed her with my eyes around the car and as she leaned in through the window towards Brooke she whispered something quietly in her ear. Then she stood up, gave me a wave with her fingers, just like Brooke did, and walked away. Brooke turned to me and said in a weak voice, ‘John, that was my big sister Lauren’ and then she passed out. I was hoping that Brooke was OK as I get my cell phone out and dial 911.
After I hung up with the operator I got out of the car, and walked around to Brook’s side and knelt down beside her so my head was on her level. 
‘Brooke, Brooke, open your eyes Brooke,’ I said.
Her eyes fluttered and she groaned a little.
‘C’mon Brooke, open your eyes, open your eyes Brooke.’
‘John. It hurts, it hurts like hell.’
‘Hang in there, the ambulance is on its way. Where does it hurt?’
‘It’s my leg, my left leg.’
 I reached leaned in as far as I could and saw that her left leg was bleeding through the jeans. 
‘Keep still Brooke and breathe.’ I pulled myself out, and knelt beside her again, taking her hand in mine.
‘Is Lauren still here?’ she asked.
‘No, she left. I heard the van speed away; I think she went towards the town. What did she say to you?’
‘She said, I didn’t deserve you after what I had done to Johnny.’
‘Who’s she to talk, she killed him?’
I heard the ambulance coming.
‘Hang on Brooke; I am going up to the road so the ambulance can see me.’
I scrambled up to the hard shoulder. It was steep and the rocks were loose. The ambulance driver saw me just as I crawled over the edge and he slowed down, then reversed and two medics got out.
‘What happened son, are you alone?’
‘No, my girlfriend is in the car down there. Her leg is bleeding and I think it is broken.’
‘Stay here, we are going to have a look at her.’
They took a gurney with them and slid down the shoulder. I sat down on the side of the road. My hands began to shake, and I felt cold. I remembered the witness with the two dogs who said she had seen a black van jump the curb and run over Mike. Then it must have been Lauren that killed him and most likely Tom too. But if it was Lauren, why would she leave a note on the Quad, saying she needed it to protect what was hers? It didn’t make sense.  Lauren was obviously not right in the head. I almost smiled, thinking what the chances were of meeting a girl with issues like Brooke, and then to find out she had a sister with even bigger issues.   
I looked down to see how the medics were doing with Brooke. They had taken her out of the car and lifted her up on the gurney. One of them was taking her pulse, and the other was cutting open her jeans to be able to see the injury. I heard a car coming fast, and when I turned my head towards the sound I saw a police cruiser. It stopped right by me, and Chief Harris and Special Agent Willcrow stepped out.
‘John, are you OK?’
‘Yeah, I am fine Chief, Brooke is injured though. The medics are down there with her.’
‘Brooke is here? Is she armed? We have to arrest her immediately.’ said Agent Willcrow
‘Agent Willcrow, she hasn’t killed anyone, the only thing she is guilty of is being a victim of child abuse.’
Chief Harris, raised his eyebrows, and looked at Agent Willcrow. Then they both looked at me.
‘That is not possible, we have evidence. Who else could it be?’
‘Lauren Richards, the sister. She is the one who pushed us off the road. She is driving a black van. Do you remember the witness at Mike’s accident Chief Harris?’
‘The kid is right; a witness said a black van drove over Mike.’
‘I don’t care, we still have to arrest Brooke, but first we’ll get her back to the Medical Center and then the Chief and I can have a long talk with her.’
While we were talking the medics had put Brook in the ambulance, and now one of them walked over to where we were standing.
‘She will be OK. She has a nasty cut on her leg, and a slight concussion. We’ll take her to the Medical Center in town. She should be able to leave later today.’
‘I will have one of my deputies sit with her during the examination,’ said Chief Harris, and Agent Willcrow nodded his approval.
‘John, get in the car with us, I am taking you home; your parents are very worried about you.’
‘Thanks Chief.’
 

Chapter 17

My parents met me as if I was the proverbial lost son. I guess they thought Brooke had killed me too. Chief Harris told them about the accident and that Brooke had been taken to the medical center. It was my mother’s day off otherwise she might have been the nurse taking care of Brooke.
Amy wouldn’t let go of me, when I sat down on the sofa with a big sandwich and a glass of apple juice, she cuddled up to me and held on to my arm as hard as she could. My parents sat down with me after the Chief and Agent Willcrow had left.
‘John, Chief Harris told us a bit of what you told him about Brooke and her claim to being innocent to the murders. Do you believe her?’ said my mother.
I finished eating my sandwich, just to get some time to think before answering.
‘I do believe her, as far as not killing anyone. She confessed to me she did have a sexual relationship with her younger brother.’
‘Oh god, that’s horrible.’ My dad said.
 My mother cleared her throat.
‘Actually James, it’s not as usual as an older brother abusing a younger sister, but it does happen. Remember that seminar I went to last year, about how to treat victims of child abuse. Well, the psychologist said that there were cases where one abused child would then abuse a sibling. In some cases it was in search of sympathy, or love, it wasn’t forced abuse.’
‘Really, I had no idea. That’s only shows what evil people are capable of.’
‘Talking about evil, did Chief Harris mention Lauren?’ I asked.
‘He did say she was the one who drove you off the road,’ my dad said.
‘Yes, and she is still around. Brooke told me what she did to her parents and brother, and to the uncle and his family. Anyway, I think we should be extra careful, because she could be lurking around here, planning something.’
Amy had fallen asleep on my arm so I had to wiggle out of her arms and then I lifted her up. My mom smiled at me as I walked passed her taking Amy upstairs to her bedroom. I thought that hearing Brooke’s story of her childhood had made me re-evaluate mine.  All the things that I didn’t appreciate and had taken for granted now meant a lot to me, like putting my little sister to bed, for example.
After tucking in Amy I went to my room. I wanted to take a long hot shower and lay down. My body still hurt from the crash, even though I didn’t have any serious injuries. There was a message on my computer that I had received an email. I clicked on it, and a video clip began downloading. I continued to undress. Then a voice came over the speakers.
‘Hello, John.’
I turned around and looked at the monitor. There was Lauren, in the same clothes as I had seen her in earlier.
‘I hope this video doesn’t catch you at a bad time. I just wanted to let you know that I am happy you are OK. I was watching when the police and the FBI man arrived at your house to drop you off. I was a little disappointed that my sister Amanda survived the accident, sorry, that’s Brooke to you. I was hoping that little bitch would be dead by now. Anyway, just wanted to let you know I was thinking of you. Take care now, kisses.’
The screen went black. In the video Lauren had been standing in front of the camera, but the light was from behind her, making it almost impossible to see her face.
I called Chief Harris office, luckily he was still there.
‘I got a video from Lauren, if you give me your email, I will forward it to you.’
He gave me his email, and told me he would call me back after watching the video.
‘John, Chief Harris here, Agent Willcrow is also here, we are on speaker phone.’
‘OK. What do you make of the video?’
‘Willcrow here, I think she wants something from you. She doesn’t say it, but why else email you a video?’
‘I have nothing she might want?’
‘What if she wants you? Remember, you look very much like her brother.’
‘Yeah, like that’s going to make me feel better. She shot him, didn’t she?’
‘There is nothing we can do now, I will send the video to FBI headquarters for analysis, and maybe they can find something that will tell us more about her motives. They have some very advanced voice and imaging equipment there.’ said Agent Willcrow.’
After the call ended, I finally got to take my shower. While the hot water relaxed me, I thought back to the video. I didn’t feel Lauren was stressed or under any pressure, although it was difficult to see her face, the sound of her voice was very cold and calculating. 
While I was drying myself, my cell phone rang.
‘Hi, it’s Brook.’
‘Brook! How are you, where are you?’ The words poured out of my mouth.
‘I am still at the medical center. They decided to keep me over night because of the concussion. How are you?’
First, I thought of telling her about Lauren’s video, but decided against it. She had enough to deal with for one day.
‘I’m fine, just got out of the shower, getting ready for bed. I am so tired.’
‘You poor thing. Anyway, I wanted to know how you are. Tomorrow Chief Harris and Agent Willcrow will pick me up, I have to go to the police station to make a statement, and then they want me to see a psychologist. Hopefully, if everything goes OK, I should be out in the afternoon.’
I had an idea.
‘What if my dad and I come and pick you up, you could stay with us for now.’
‘Are you sure that’s such a good idea? I mean, your dad doesn’t seem to like me very much.’
‘Don’t worry about it, I will handle them. I have told them most of what you told me, so they are more understanding.’
‘OK. I got to go; they only gave me a few minutes on the phone. Take care, I love you.’
‘Love you too, baby.’
After we hung up, I went downstairs and asked my parents if it was OK for Brooke to stay with us. First my father was against it, but my mother made him understand why Brooke might benefit from a stable atmosphere.
 

Chapter 18
 
After school the next day I hurried home. I was so excited that Brooke would come and stay with us. When I came home, I found my mother in the kitchen.
‘Hi mom.’
‘Good, you are here, why don’t you help me fix up the guest room for Brooke since she should be here in a couple of hours.
We changed the sheets, and opened the windows to air out the room. My mom picked some flowers from the garden to decorate with. The room was small but I thought it would be perfect. It was light, and had flowery wallpaper and a window towards the garden. There was no bathroom inside, but the guest bathroom was just around the corner. As we finished the last details my mother said to me, ‘Remember, no sneaking around at night. Brooke needs a lot of rest and the doctors have given her medication so I don’t want any late nights.’
‘C’mon mom, we are just kids, remember.’
‘Yeah, right,’ she said with a smile.
My mother had to pick up Amy from ballet so I was at home alone. When I turned on my computer, I saw that there was another video message from Lauren.
She was standing right in front of the camera in a room with artificial light, dressed in one of those summer dresses Brooke liked to wear. She had her hair down wearing a mask that just covers her eyes. I could see her mouth and part of her nose and she was smiling into the camera.
‘Hi John, I hope you liked my last video, I know it might have taken you by surprise, but I think it’s important we talk, you and I. You see, Amanda or Brooke, was a bad girl when we lived at home. She did things to Johnny she shouldn’t have, and she had to be punished. The day I went back to that awful house, I didn’t expect Johnny and my mother to be at home, my intention was to kill Brooke and my father, but as it turned out, Brooke got away and by accident I shot Johnny. My mother, well, that bitch didn’t deserve to live after what she had allowed my father to do. She knew, but did nothing.
So, here we are John, just you and me. And that’s the way I want it, just you and me, forever. Would you like to see what I made for you?’
She picked up the camera and panned around focusing on a similar altar that Brooke had made, but this one had my photos on it. There were photos of me at school, walking, going into or out of my house, in the supermarket with my parents, playing with Amy outside, me with Mike and Tom. Looking at the photos I realized she had been taking photos almost as long as I had known Brooke. The strangest thing was that there were no photos of me and Brook.
She put the camera back on the tripod, and stepped back into view, 
‘You see John, I loved Johnny too. And since I can’t have him, I want you.’
She turned off the camera.
I was stunned by her revelations which left me breathless. Then I forwarded the video to Chief Harris.
 I was downstairs getting myself a drink and as I closed the fridge door a police cruiser arrived with Brooke and I went outside to meet her
She came running into my arms, and we held each other tight.
‘Honey, it’s so good to see you again’ she said giving me a kiss on the cheek. ‘I have missed you so much.’
‘Me too baby,’ I had tears in my eyes. ‘I thought we would pick you up?’
‘I finished early with the psychologist, so the Chief offered to drive me here.’
Chief Harris and Agent Willcrow walked up to us.
‘Chief, I got another email from Lauren, which I forwarded to you. I’m really worried she is planning to do something terrible.’
‘Don’t worry; we will place an officer outside your house until we catch her.’
‘She must have arrived right after Brooke. She had photos of me that show she has been here at least two weeks.’
‘Maybe she followed me, when I left my uncle that night. She would easily recognize the Mercedes, it does kind of stick out.’
Agent Willcrow cleared his throat and began to polish his glasses again as he spoke.
‘The analyst at Quantico looked at the tape, but they say it’s too short to give any kind of clear definition of how unstable she is. Now, taking into account what we know she has done, and her being here in town, I suggest that Brooke and John stay inside, and don’t go out until she is caught, not even to school. She is clearly coming apart, and we don’t know what she is planning to do.’
‘She will try to kill me. When I talked to the psychologist today, I began to remember a few things, and before Lauren left the house after she promised my dad not to tell, she said she would come back for me. She said I abused Johnny to get back on our dad for abusing me. Our father never laid a hand on Johnny. To him Johnny was the future of the family, good grades, college education later on and so on. Since our mother was never home, Lauren first and then I became substitutes for her, he had us clean, make food for him, do laundry and so on. I think he felt he had two little wives at home.’
‘Interesting thoughts, but there is no way of knowing for sure what’s in Lauren’s head, until we can talk to her. Now, you kids go inside, and we’ll keep in touch’ said Chief Harris.
As we were talking my mother had come back with Amy, and after letting her in she walked down the pathway in the garden towards us.
‘Hi Brooke, and welcome back.’
‘Thank you, it’s so nice of you letting me stay here.’
‘Oh, I’ll do almost anything to keep my boy happy.’
Inside the house I showed Brooke to her room.
‘There is something I have to ask you Brooke. How did you come up with the Romeo and Juliet clause you told my dad about?’
Brooke was arranging the few clothes she had bought before Chief Harris brought her over in neat order according to color in the wardrobe in the corner. She turned around.
‘Pretty slick, don’t you think. I looked it up on the Internet. There have been a few cases when mostly young men have been jailed for many years for being with an under aged girlfriend, even though they were in a consensual relationship and with the parents approval. Once this clause was past, many of them have gotten out, and I thought it was worth a try.’
‘I’m happy you found it, now we can be together, no more sneaking around.’
She came over to me and made me sit down on the bed.
‘John, I know I am sick and I need treatment. I need to get what is haunting me out in the open, or at least try to. Staying here with you is temporary and at one point I have to get into a hospital, or at least see someone who can help me. This means I will have to leave you.’ She looked down, and I saw tears running down her cheeks.
‘No, you can’t leave, Brooke.’
‘I have to,’ she sobbed, ‘I have to, John.’
I held her close to me, and I didn’t want to let go of her. There was a knock on the door.
‘Kids, your dad is home, we thought about ordering pizza,’ my mother said.
‘That’s fine Mom.’
Brooke went back to fiddling with her clothes. 
‘Brooke, I think the clothes are fine, and in order.’
‘I know John, it’s just that when I am upset I tend to arrange and rearrange my clothes, it began at the same time as the abuse. It calms me.’
I got up and left her alone to organize her wardrobe.
 

 Chapter 19

We were sitting in the living room waiting for the pizza to arrive. My dad in his favorite armchair and Brooke and I were on the sofa with Amy between us. I think she was a bit jealous, not being the center of her brother’s attention. My mom, who was bringing in glasses and a couple of bottles of soda when the doorbell chimed went to open it. She came back with two large boxes which she sat down on the table. We all moved in closer and began to eat. The evening was fantastic; my parents were on their best behavior, no uncomfortable questions and no unnecessary comments. Amy wanted to play a game of Monopoly, and we split up into teams. Amy and Brooke versus my mom and I, and my dad was by himself. He was a really good Monopoly player, not surprising, as he worked in a bank.
At the end, my dad won as usual, Amy and Brooke came second and my mom and I end up bankrupt.
Brooke stood up and said she felt tired and wished everyone good night. When I heard her finish in the bathroom I went to the guest room.
‘Will you be OK here, Brooke?’ I asked.
‘Yes, your family I so sweet, I wonder why my family couldn’t have turned out that way.’
‘I don’t know, maybe it’s just bad luck. As they say, we don’t choose our parents.’
I kissed her good night, and walked up to my own room. I was really tired.
My mom came in while I was taking off my clothes and getting ready for bed.
‘Hi.’
‘Hi John, I just wanted to see if you needed anything? It has been a long day.’
‘I am OK. How long can Brooke stay with us?’
‘I don’t know for sure. The sooner she gets help the better it will be, so perhaps a week or so.’
‘Only a week?’ I said disappointed.
‘I know you want her to stay longer, but it’s not in her best interest.’
She kissed me good night and went off to see to Amy.
At some point in the night I woke up. I needed to go to the bathroom. I went out into the corridor and turned left towards the bathroom, but something caught my eye. There was a soft light coming out under Amy’s door. I walked over thinking that my mom had left Amy’s night light on. Sometimes Amy wanted it kept on. I opened the door to peek in when suddenly my heart skipped a beat.
Amy was sitting up in her bed, with a pillow behind her back. Her eyes were open wide and her face was as white as a ghost’s. I could see her lips quiver and tears were glistering on her cheeks.
Brooke was beside her and her left arm was around Amy’s shoulders and holding what looked like a box cutter under her chin. Her right hand was stroking Amy’s bare chest and stomach. She kissed her lightly on the ear and down her cheek.
Without turning towards me she said, ‘Hi baby. You should come over here and join us. Amy tastes and smells so good.  Remember my niece Mia, Uncle James daughter? She became a very good kisser after a couple of weeks.’
I felt that the pizza was on its way up. I swallowed hard not to puke right there and then, and managed to say, ‘Brooke, please leave her alone, she hasn’t done anything to you.’
‘That’s right, I have been doing everything so far, but don’t worry she will learn, just like I did. Lauren had this neat trick where she would put something sweet on just the right places, and then ask me to lick it up. It took me a few years to understand, but around thirteen I got it, and my first orgasm.’
My hands were clammy and I could feel sweat breaking out on my forehead. I could hear Brooke, but it didn’t make sense what she was saying and now her previously lovely laugh sounded dark and ominous. 
‘Oh, poor little John, you still don’t get it, do you?’
‘No.’ I managed to say as I saw Brooke’s right hand disappear under Amy’s covers. Amy tensed, the blade was still under her chin.
‘Our father never abused us. Sure, he was a bit of a weirdo, and my mother did have a drinking problem, but he never touched us, ever.
‘But?’
‘Shush! Let me explain. Lauren began playing with me when I was about seven, she was almost twelve. She called it doctor and patient. In the beginning it was just kids playing around. My father and mother knew about it, but went along as they thought it was an innocent game. A year past, and when Lauren started to menstruate and grow boobs, she became more intense in the game. I thought it was wonderful that my sister now looked like a woman. She would let me touch her breasts, and tell me that when I got my own, she would touch mine too.’
‘Brooke, please take the knife away from Amy.’
‘Shut up, John. Anyway, when I was fourteen, Lauren told me we should get Johnny into the game too. He was almost thirteen at the time. One night when he was sleeping we sneaked into his room. We touched him all over, and laughed as he got an erection in his sleep. But we must have been making too much noise. As we were fondling him, our father walked in, and turned on the light.’
I had to get that knife from her but I couldn’t see anything I could use as a weapon. Amy was still crying silently. Brooke continued to kiss Amy’s cheek and shoulder as she spoke.
‘To make a long story short, we promised Dad that it would never happen again, which of course was a lie. We got Johnny to play along, promising him, candy, video games and sodas, anything he wanted. Then one day he told our parents. The little fucker snitched on us. That’s when Lauren ran away. I was still a minor so I stayed behind. We kept in contact, and made up a plan to get away from our parents and take Johnny with us.’
I tried to move closer to Brooke in small steps, hoping the semi darkness was hiding my movements.
‘Lauren came back one night, and she had a gun with her. We met outside, and decided to shoot Mom and Dad first and then take Johnny. We kill Dad as he came out of the kitchen. Lauren ran up to the bedroom looking for Mom. I began searching for money and other valuables. I heard a scream and then a shot, followed by running and another shot. Lauren came downstairs. She was crying, looking up at me she told me that she had shot Johnny when he had tried to take the gun off her. I began to cry too. Lauren took the valuables and left. I stay behind to light the fire, and be around when the Police showed up. We wanted it to look like a robbery gone wrong’
I was about ten feet from Brooke, I was not sure if it was close enough to reach her before she could cut Amy. The box cutter was still at her throat, and I could see her free hand moving around under Amy’s blanket.
‘Hey John, you should try this, it’s so smooth.’
‘Fuck off Brooke. I am not you.’
‘C’mon John, don’t be shy. It’s OK to confess, tell me you never fantasize about your sweet little Amy?’
‘Never, Brooke, never.’
‘Fine, but you are losing out on a great experience. Anyway, when the police arrived, I told them someone had entered the house, shot my family, and burned the house down. When things calmed down I moved to Uncle James. From there, everything is pretty much as I told you, only that uncle James caught both me and Lauren with Mia, and as you must understand, he and his family had to go.’
Brooke took her hand out from under the blanket, and began caressing Amy’s face.
‘Wasn’t that nice Amy, baby?’
Amy sobbed quietly.
‘She will come around, I did.’ Brook said as she got out of the bed, She stood next to Amy, the box cutter still under her chin.’
‘Now John, this is what’s going to happen. You are going to go downstairs and get one of the guns from the wall. Then you shoot your parents, and we leave with Amy. Lauren will join us, and the four of us will live happily ever after.’
I calculated the risk of jumping her, I had no other choice. She looked sideways at Amy, and that’s when I went for her. 
I tackled her hard, and she fell backwards. I had grabbed her midsection and my momentum made the both of us continue falling. There was a window behind her, and we went right through it. I could hear the glass break, and we fall to the ground.
I struggled to breathe, and when I got my breath back, I saw I was on top of Brooke. She was not moving, her eyes were glassy and there was blood coming out from under her head. I rolled off her and sat on the ground. My body went cold and I was shaking uncontrollably, I heard Amy’s screams. The front door opened and my dad came running out, asking me what had happened.
‘She went after Amy dad.’ I said sobbing.
‘OK son, it’s over. Come inside while I call the police.’
 

Chapter 20

Amy was too young to be a witness, and she was too traumatized by the experience. They brought in a child psychologist, but no one could make Amy talk about that night, it was as if it had never happened. My parents were both sleeping, and the only two people who could talk about Brooke’s mood swings and personality were dead, Tom and Mike. I wasn’t sure if it was Brooke or Lauren, who had killed them, maybe it was both of them together.
Lauren was gone, Chief Harris searched all over town. Eventually they found where she had been staying, but no clues to where she was going. She is wanted in our state as well as in three others for murder and arson. Maybe they will catch her one day.
 It was only my version of what happened in the room that night. The judge sentences me to five years for manslaughter, but my lawyer was sure we could appeal, and hopefully get the sentence suspended. 
I spend most of my time thinking about the days I was with Brooke, trying to figure out if at some point she had said anything that should have made me suspicious. My counselor said I should stop blaming myself, Brooke was sick, and that’s that. But I can’t. I loved her so deeply, and I think that on some level she loved me too, and I hope, not just as a substitute for her little brother.
 

Chapter 21

Great news! My lawyer came by today to tell me the police have dropped the case. They finally found the box cutter Brooke had used. When I pushed her through the window her arm went up and the box cutter was thrown across my mom’s rose bushes, and into the neighbor’s compost, where it was found by the neighbor a few days ago. He heard what had happened from my parents, so when he found a box cutter which he knew wasn’t his he called Chief Harris who sent forensics to collect it where it lay. They were able to extract a partial fingerprint which was matched to Brook.

Chapter 22

Today I got a letter. It smelled vaguely of perfume, and on the back flap the sender had kissed the paper leaving a mark in lipstick. It was post stamped in Miami. Here’s what it said.
Dear John,
I am sorry I could not be there the night Brooke died. I was supposed to be outside the house waiting for her signal, but I got a flat tire, can you believe it? By the time I got to your house the police was all over the place.
I am in Miami thinking of you. Thinking of how you are responsible for killing Brooke. My Brooke, who I loved in more ways than you could ever understand. 
I want you to know, I will be waiting for you. 
Love and kisses
Lauren 
Suddenly, I didn’t feel like leaving Juvie, it was safer there.









	
