
BLACK MARKET ANGELS
Fallen Angels Series Book Two

C. Mack Lewis

Copyright @ 2017 C. Mack Lewis All Rights Reserved
ISBN-13: 978-0-9906108-1-6
WWW.CMACKLEWIS.COM

DEDICATION
To Margaret Irene McCarthy
If everyone in the world had a mother like you, the world would be a better place.
I know that I am beyond lucky to have you as my mother — and I love you dearly.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Special Thanks to:
My husband, Dennis E. Lewis, for being absolutely lovely.
Retroatelier for the book cover photography, Michael Ziffer for editorial expertise,
Dan Hitt for formatting expertise, Richard Haynie for book cover design.

Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
About The Author
Other Books By C. Mack Lewis

Prologue
No man should not marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman. Honore de Balzac
Marina Orlov examined herself in the full-length bedroom mirror. Her smile quivered, somewhere between anxiety and hope. She lifted the heavy taffeta of the bridal gown and spread it out, examining herself. She turned, craning to catch a vision of herself, hoping to see herself as he would see her.
Only two weeks in America, Marina was a mail-order bride–a Moscow beauty on the verge of marrying an American man who would make all of her dreams come true. Not just any man, but an important American man. Rich, handsome and, best of all, he loved her. She could feel the bruising Moscow winters melting away under the blazing sunshine and pristine blue skies of Phoenix, Arizona.
Marina liked what she saw in the mirror—and she knew that he would be pleased. Her violet eyes, almost black, were set in a oval-shaped face, while her lips, artfully accented with muted red gloss, were a shade too thick with sensuality. Her upswept velvet-black hair gave her the look of an old-world Russian ingénue. Long-limbed and small-waisted, her breasts swelled up from the wedding gown like two perfect scoops of creamy and inviting ice cream.
There was a knock.
It was him.
Marina went to the door and, clasping her hands, she softly called out, “Lyubov Moya, it is bad luck.” He liked it when she called him by Russian endearments—especially Lyubov Moya. She had learned from American movies that it was bad luck for the groom to see the bride in her gown before the wedding, and she had no intention of dragging her plokhoy Moscow luck with her into this bright, shiny country where everything was new and fresh and good.
He told her to unlock the door.
She hesitated, gnawing at her lip with momentary anxiety, but she did as she was told.
He stood in the doorway, towering over her tiny frame. His steel-grey eyes travelled over her appraisingly.
“You like?” she said, trying to quell the nagging superstition that bit at her heart.
His deep voice, which was as rich as his bank account, boomed out, “I have a wedding gift for you.”
She smiled, pleased. More than anything, she wanted a big American car. She didn’t care which one—they were all perfect!
Not speaking, he took her by the hand and led her through the huge house. Marina had been disappointed that the house that was to be her home had so few windows and had been built like it was a fortress, but what did it matter? All she had to do was walk outside and look up – the Arizona sky was either an endless perfect blue or, at sunrise and sunset, it was breathtaking variations of every shade of scarlet reds, pinks, purples and even blazing orange.
He led her through the house, and she was startled when he stopped in front of the door. She glanced at him, surprised. He had given her many rules to follow, but the strongest rule had been: do not go through this door.
He went through the door, which he had told her led to his private workroom in the basement. He had forbidden her to ever enter and, although she was curious, she had no reason to risk her future happiness on something that so often killed the proverbial cat. She had heard strange sounds and once she had even thought she heard a woman crying, but when she had hesitantly questioned him, he had laughed and said she must have been dreaming.
Marina had been uneasy, but she didn’t dare disobey him. She did not want to go back to Moscow! More than anything in the world, she wanted to be American—with an American husband and a whole svyazka of American babies.
He unlocked the door and stepped downward into the darkened staircase. He turned and held out his hand.
Grasping his strong left hand with both of hers, Marina began descending cautiously. She wanted to ask him to turn on the lights, but she did not want to ruin his surprise. He stopped so abruptly that Marina bumped into him.
“Come,” he said, shaking off her grasp and disappearing downward into the dark.
Marina gripped the slippery taffeta of her dress, teetering on the stair. She glanced upward at the doorway of shining light and, instead of pleasure at the thought of her surprise, a tendril of a warning shot through her. The rectangle of light that was coming from the door at the top of the stairs stopped at the tips of her toes. He was somewhere in front of her, hidden in the darkness.
“The light—” Marina said, “Please turn on the light. I will fall.” “Follow my voice,” he said. “Your gift is here.”
“Let me see!” Marina said, trying to strike away the fear that flashed through her. She felt that one more step would plunge her into an abyss.
Light flooded the room.
Marina recoiled, shielding her eyes. As her eyes became accustomed to the light, she breathed a sigh of relief. Blinking, she looked about her eagerly.
What she saw made her stagger back in terror. In Russian, she gasped, “Chto…?”
He was by her side with the speed of a striking snake. He wrapped one arm around her waist and, with the strength of an iron band, he pulled her close, holding her so tightly that she couldn’t breathe.
She looked up and, to her horror, she saw that his right hand was raised. He was gripping something that glinted dully in the harsh light.
She blinked, unable to believe her eyes. He was gripping—an ice pick!
Marina screamed in Russian, calling to the Saints, her mother—anybody—to help her.
He held her fast and brought the ice pick slowly and methodically downward until the tip pressed against the skin over her heart. His grey eyes had an expression of cruelty that she had never seen on his face.
“Nyet! Nyet!” she screamed.
With precision, he applied a steady, even pressure, gently at first, then harder.
As the tip of the ice pick broke through flesh, searing pain tore through her chest and Marina heard her own screams as if from a distance. And then she saw it: a memory that had been long forgotten. She was eight years old. Her uncles had taken her to the outskirts of Tashkent where they were hunting a pack of wolves that had been killing livestock. Marina had sat perched on the ancient snowmobile, listening to the pop, pop, pop of their guns. From the forest, a great grey wolf emerged. The wolf ran toward her with the speed of a cloud’s shadow racing over the icy landscape. Within ten feet, the wolf stopped. Marina sat frozen. Time stopped. At that moment, the child Marina understood that she was not safe – and she would never feel safe again. The wolf’s gaze pierced her soul and Marina understood what the wolf saw:
Meat.
A twist of excruciating pain jarred Marina back to the present. As if in a dream, she looked down. A cupcake glaze of blood spread out from her chest and the words formed in her mind like cold stones on a barren landscape: On ubivayet menya.
He is killing me.
Feeling herself slip into that abyss that she had somehow known was there, waiting for her in the darkness, Marina looked up and met his eyes. With breathtaking clarity, she understood everything. The wolf had found her at last.
There was no escape.
There had never had been any escape.
She was back in Tashkent, then Moscow – then here. The inevitableness of everything— her whole life—had been hurtling her toward this one moment in which the truth between her and the wolf had been revealed —
I am the meat.

Chapter 1
The beginning is always today. Mary Shelley
It was 1:15 in the afternoon and Enid Iglowski sat on the school counselor’s couch, waiting for the court-ordered torture to begin. Enid could feel what was left of her school lunch sitting like an alien monster in her gut. She vaguely wondered if spewing lunch-chunks on her new counselor would get her out of the session—or would she just get in more trouble?
With my luck, more trouble.
Enid’s heart-shaped face was framed by unruly brown hair that got tousled every which way but cute. She might have been pretty, but her grey eyes were pools of percolating teenage angst. In jeans, Converse sneakers and a T-shirt that said: I make boys cry, Enid stood five-foot-five and was currently condemned to being a pale and awkward kind of skinny that her tiny A-cups didn’t have a chance of making sexy.
A week and a half ago, on the first day of her Junior year at Sunnyslope High School, Enid had found herself involved in yet another altercation. At least, that was what the family court judge liked to call it.
It was a constant mystery to Enid that, for someone who tried to keep a low profile and get good grades, how often she ended up, despite her best efforts, somehow and mysteriously in the center of every shit-storm that came down the pike. Her mother had once told her, “Enid, you could walk down a deserted street and come back with six people pissed off at you—and just as many reasons about how it was not your fault!”
The incident had occurred on her first day at the new school. By lunchtime, Enid had been suspended for one week. Before she could return to school, she had to go to family court, where she got sentenced to mandatory weekly counseling sessions.
Anger issues.
Enid snorted.
At the sound of her snort, the counselor looked up, but quickly returned to reading the file.
Enid eyed her new counselor, Dr. Melody Stuckley. She had the look of a well-dressed gym rat desperately trying to look like she was in her twenties, even though her face was snitching on her for being well into her thirties. Enid eyed Stuckley’s rather spectacular cleavage and wondered if she had maxed out her credit cards paying for the boob job, which she wore with trophy-like pride. Despite her sharp face and nose, Stuckley was the pretty kind of skinny that Enid secretly wished that she looked like. Of course, Enid would rather fall from a twenty-story building and get her eyelid caught on a rusty nail on the way down than ever admit she was jealous of Stuckley’s boobs.
An elbow to Enid’s ribs reminded her that she wasn’t alone. Enid had dragged her two best friends to the counselor’s office. They were not only her two best friends – they were her only friends, and they were so new that they still had the new friend smell. Enid glanced at each and took comfort in their presence. Enid had a secret terror of therapists—or anyone with a head-doctor degree. She was terrified that one of them would see right through her and peg her for what she was—a low-class girl who was nothing special and never would be.
Maybe with Claire and Micki on either side of her—maybe, just maybe—they would help keep the therapist at bay. It was a long shot, but Enid was feeling the burn of desperation and fear, which was turning her stomach more sour by the moment.
Enid had been drawn to her two new friends for different reasons, both of which she admired: Claire was smart and Micki was a smart-ass.
Claire Houston was a bookworm who examined the human species, especially of the high school variety, through her nerd-spectacles like they were curious insects. At 17, Claire was a master at delivering a scathingly accurate psychological analysis of anyone stupid enough to cross her. Short and curvy, Claire had long, curly brown hair that was too thick to be called pretty, but somehow was pretty.
Micki Buckbee was a 17 year-old pure tomboy with a sloppily cut pixie-do of brunette hair and mischievously sparkling eyes that registered several clicks past socially correct. Since eighth grade, Micki had been cursed with Jane Mansfield cleavage and she had developed the habit of hunching over what she dubbed the things in a puberty-long effort to keep them hidden, which gave her the appearance of an ever-fidgeting Puck with bad posture. Despite her best efforts, Micki could not hide the monumentally fabulous cleavage that even made Stuckley’s pale in comparison. For all the fact that Micki was not especially pretty, she had the raw earthiness and inviting playful sexiness that was years ahead of her actual age.
Dr. Melody Stuckley got her nose out of Enid’s folder long enough to eye Claire and Micki. She jerked her sharp chin toward the door. “You two. Out.”
“Last time she was in therapy session,” Micki said, enunciating the word “therapy” as if it was akin to dog-raping activities, “Enid got roofied and ended up in a serial killer’s torture chamber and she would have been shit-on-a-shingle dead except she had the gazoombas to jump on his back and strangle the dirt-ball to death with her bra.”
Claire held up her iPhone and said to Dr. Stuckley, “I’ll be recording everything, which may be held against you in a court of law. Consider yourself informed.”
Stuckley pursed her lips, unimpressed.
“In other words,” Micki said, crossing her arms and hunching over the things with a hostile glare, “we’re not going anywhere.”
Within sixty seconds, Dr. Stuckley booted Claire and Micki out of the office with the ease of a drill sergeant handling raw recruits. Dr. Stuckley sat down behind her desk, eyeing Enid shrewdly. “Are you comfortable?”
“What do I call you?” Enid said, trying to ignore the angry-alien school lunch that was wedged in her gut. Scowling, Enid said, “Dr. Stuckley? Melody?” “Stuckley is fine.”
Enid hid her surprise. If Stuckley thought she was going to loosen her up by dropping the whole “doctor” thing and pretending to be her pal, she had another thing coming.
Stuckley said, “Why don’t we talk about why you’re here—” “PTSTD is stupid!” Enid burst out.
“PT-SD,” Stuckley said, correcting her.
“Dr. Cordon is a yutz!” Enid said. “I had a couple of nightmares, okay? It’s not like it’s something you can brush off—strangling a pedophile perv to death! And don’t think I don’t get yazzed about the whole bra-thing, but that’s all I had to work with. HA! I’d like to see somebody else do better. I don’t think a couple of stupid nightmares means I need to get my brain poked, so why don’t you check the box that says “normal” so I can get back to Social Studies.”
“Let’s talk about your father,” Stuckley said.
Enid crossed her arms. “Didn’t you read my folder?”
“I’d like to hear what you have to say about him,” Stuckley said.
“How come if I don’t do my homework, I get in trouble, but if you don’t do your homework, I’m supposed to sit here and spoon-feed it to you?” Enid said.
Stuckley leaned back and smiled. “Enid Ivie Iglowski. Seventeen years old. Six months ago, you ran away from your home in Florida, at which time you stole money from your mother, who is an alcoholic. You stole a handgun from your stepfather, who is building a new life with his girlfriend in Maryland. You took a bus to Phoenix to find your biological father. Your biological father is Jack Fox, a private detective who has no children and was very surprised to find out he had a daughter that he never knew existed. You came to Phoenix, you found your father and somehow got embroiled in a triple homicide case, which did get solved—but not before you got drugged, kidnapped and strangled a man—in self-defense—after which, you managed to escape. Your biological father, Jack Fox, formed a romantic relationship with the woman who is accused of murdering three people and she is now sitting in a prison cell awaiting trial. The man that you killed in self-defense turned out to be Dennie Dutter, who was wanted by the police for underage human sex trafficking, and now, thanks to you, a major sex trafficking ring was broken up and a murderer is behind bars. All thanks to you, your private investigator father and a police detective named – “ Stuckley flipped open the folder, “Bud Orlean.”
Enid stared at her, trying to hide her grudging respect. “Did I leave out anything?” Stuckley said.
Enid shrugged and looked away.
Stuckley said, “Let’s talk about how you’re doing now.”
“Tiffany had it coming!” Enid said, her eyes blazing with sudden anger. “She was picking on Micki and somebody needed to do something.”
“Why do you feel the need to be that somebody?” Stuckley said.
“What was I supposed to do?” Enid said. “Sit there and let that stuck-up barf-bag-of-bones get away with pulling down Micki’s pants in front of the whole school?”
“Did it ever occur to you to ask a teacher for help?”
Enid glared at Stuckley. So what if Stuckley could recite her life back to her like a laundry list? Stuckley didn’t know the first thing about the crap-storm that she was dealing with at home!
On the first day of school, which was only ten days ago, Enid had been determined to keep a low profile, but when she saw what Tiffany Granger had done to Micki, Enid had reacted like a pit bull going after a postman.
At the time, the entire school had been gathered in the auditorium for a series of speeches that Enid had begun to register as blah-blah-blah. Enid had watched as a girl with bad posture and huge boobs hurried in.
It was Micki.
Red-faced and pressing her books to her chest, Micki took a seat and slid down so far that, from behind her, Enid could only see the top of her messy pixie cut.
After the speeches were done, as everyone was filing out, Enid found herself standing behind Micki when a petite cheerleader with a malicious grin darted past Enid. Before Enid realized what she was doing, the cheerleader had yanked down Micki’s sweat pants, exposing sagging purple underwear with an ugly rip across the bottom seam.
The cheerleader, who Enid later found out was Tiffany Granger, shouted, “Poor girl underwear! Poor girl underwear!”
Everyone laughed. Whether uproariously or from nervousness, all Enid knew was that everyone was laughing.
Micki dropped her books and yanked her pants up, her face flushing more purple than her underwear had ever been on its best day.
Enid saw the look in Micki’s eyes and that’s all it took. Enid did what she did best: she didn’t think—she just did. Enid’s arm went back and, the next thing she knew, her fist was redistributing Tiffany’s nose across the right side of her face with a sickening sound of crunching cartilage and a spalooge of blood that went flying into the crowd of gawking teenagers. Tiffany flew backward and slammed into the stage where she crumpled into a heap of pompoms and blood.
A gaggle of bloodthirsty kids formed a circle around Enid, yelling. “Fight! Fight!” Enid backed away, scared.
With rabid instinct, the students left a path between Enid and Tiffany, who lay on the floor, screaming and clutching her face as blood poured out between her fingers.
Someone shoved Enid toward Tiffany.
Furious, Enid spun around, but someone else shoved her hard in Tiffany’s direction. Enid went flying backwards and landed on her tailbone so hard that it brought tears to her eyes.
Dazed, Enid felt someone grab her arm and hoist her to her feet. Enid tried to shake off the grasp and then realized that it was Micki who was dragging her through the crowd that was pushing and shoving them from all sides. Within moments, Enid was startled to find herself in an empty, echoing hallway.
Micki slammed the auditorium doors shut and pulled out a set of keys. She quickly found the right key and, moments before the kids on the other side of the door began pushing to get out, Micki had the door locked.
Micki grinned and held up the keys. “It’s not for nothing my mom fucked the janitor.
Come on!”
That was how Enid and Micki met. And that was how Enid’s “low profile at the new school” exploded into “that girl who cold-cocked Tiffany Granger who had to get her jaw wired shut and got a new nose.”
By 10:00 on her first day of school, Enid and Micki were sitting outside the Principal’s office. Enid was terrified—everything that was going on with her and her dad—and now this!
Enid had felt a tap on her shoulder. She looked up and saw a girl with a mass of brown, curly hair and earnest brown eyes that gazed at her from behind geek glasses.
“My name is Claire Houston,” the girl said. “Do you want me to represent you?” “Huh?” Enid said, confused.
“I know you,” Micki pointed at Claire, “You’re the girl who jacks up the bell curve in chemistry.”
Claire straightened with self-importance. “I’m going to be an attorney, which will be one in a series of career moves that will lead me to the White House, where I intend to be the Commander in Chief. Since I’m starting my political career with law school and since the debate club here is pathetic—I need practice and you need a defense. I can get you cleared.”
Claire did not get them cleared, but it wasn’t for lack of trying.
Enid got suspended for one week. Micki got off with a warning – especially after Micki swore that she had no idea how the auditorium doors got locked. Enid’s dad, Jack Fox, agreed to pay for Tiffany’s medical bills, including her new nose. It might have stopped there, but Tiffany’s parents filed a police report and the family court judge mandated that Enid had to attend anger management counseling with the school counselor.
The Principal of Sunnyslope High, Mr. Brown, had made it painfully clear to Enid—two strikes and she was out. Enid filled her one-week suspension from school with old movies, M&M’s, licorice and diet Pepsi.
When Enid returned to school the following week, she went looking for Micki, whom she found in the cafeteria. Micki sat at a table alone, glumly hunched over a sad-looking paper-bag lunch. Enid grabbed Micki, her books and her lunch, and dragged her across the cafeteria to where she had spotted Claire, who was also sitting alone at another lunch table. Claire’s lunch of an apple-walnut salad and a piece of pumpkin pie both sat half-eaten on a linen napkin. Claire had her nose buried in a book that Enid recognized as a big-skirt classic that was probably so dry that it was a fire hazard.
Enid walked up to Claire’s table, dragging Micki in her wake. When Claire didn’t look up, Enid rapped on the table with her knuckles.
“Hey!” Enid said.
Claire looked up, frowning.
Enid pointed from Micki to Claire and back to herself. “The three of us, we should be friends.”
Micki looked uncertainly between Enid and Claire, her brows furrowed. “No, thank you,” Claire said politely. She returned to reading her book. “Why not?” Enid said.
Claire pushed her glasses up on her nose and gave Enid a pointed look. “You are under court-ordered psychiatric care for anger issues,” Claire gave Micki a knowing look and said, “and everybody knows about you—”
Micki stepped forward, fists clenched. “Say it and you’ll get a mouth full of your big-fat book.”
Still polite, Claire said, “I don’t want to be friends. But thank you for asking.” She returned to reading her book.
Enid grabbed Claire’s book and slapped it face down on the table. “Do you have any friends?”
Claire snatched the book back, her eyes dark with anger. “You’ll mess up the binding!” “I can answer for her,” Micki said. “Nope, nope and hell-nope.”
Enid said to Claire, “Good. Then the three of us can be friends.” Claire said, “I’d rather eat lice.”
Micki said, “That can be arranged.”
Enid said to Claire, “Wayne Ordonez says that he heard Kara Bliffers say that Tiffany said that when she gets back to school, after her nose heals, she is going to kick your butt.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Claire said, frowning. “I didn’t do anything.” Enid said, “Tiffany says you’re a narc.”
Claire said, “I was a witness! I told the truth—exactly as I saw it.”
Enid said, “Not according to Tiffany. The way I see it is—if you friend-up with us—it’ll be three against Tiffany and her gang of cheerleaders. Do you really think you stand a chance alone—against the most popular girls in school?”
Claire glared at Enid, suspicious. “What do you get out of it?” “Three is stronger than two,” Enid said.
Claire bit her lip, thinking. After a long moment, she said, “I can agree to a trial run— under one condition. If it’s not working out, in one week—I’m out.”
“I gotta fart,” Micki said, lifting one leg sideways. Claire said, “You’re disgusting!”
Micki said, “You are, but what am I?”
Claire said, “That doesn’t even make sense.”
Micki said, “That’s what he said.” Micki nodded to a nearby table of rowdy boys and said to Claire, “In honor of you—and don’t worry, I will give you all the credit—I’m gonna cut a silent-but-deadly and see how big a radius I can clear.”
“You’re a pig!” Claire said, wrinkling her nose in disgust. Micki said, “Don’t talk about your mother.”
“Do it,” Enid said to Micki with a grin. “We’ll pretend like we don’t smell it and see what they do.”
Wrinkling her forehead, Claire said, “Like a science experiment?” Micki said, “Yeah, like the test tube your parents hatched you in.”
Claire stood up, indignantly gathering up her belongings. “I am not taking part in—”
“Too late,” Micki said with a grin.
Within moments, a radius of three lunch tables had every kid howling in disgust and evacuating the area. Enid, Micki and Claire, unable to stand the stench, led the exodus. The three of them ran out of the cafeteria and ducked into the girl’s restroom. Enid and Micki were doubled over in laughter, tears streaming down their faces.
Claire glared at them angrily, “What about my lunch? I left my book and my lunch back there!”
Still laughing, Micki hooked her thumb toward a stall and said to Claire, “Go pinch a brick, Poindexter—might loosen up those bowels of yours. I’ll go save your precious book.”
Dr. Stuckley’s voice jarred Enid back to the present. “How have things been going between you and your father?”
Enid frowned. She didn’t know how to say what she needed to say. She didn’t trust Stuckley, but—what options did she have?
Stuckley waited patiently.
Enid grimaced as she shifted on the couch. The queasiness was getting worse and she was starting to feel hot and—trapped.
“Are you okay?” Dr. Stuckley said.
Suppressing the urge to puke, Enid eyed the waste basket by Stuckley’s desk, calculating the time it would take to make it there before she got sick. She suddenly felt scared and a little confused. It was that same sick feeling that she used to get when she was a little kid and her mom was passed out and wouldn’t wake up. Enid had learned the hard way that if she asked another adult for help that there would be hell to pay when her mom did wake up.
For a brief moment, Enid wondered if Stuckley was right—maybe she should try to ask an adult for help. Maybe things would—or could—be different…?
“What are you thinking?” Dr. Stuckley said, leaning forward.
Enid had just made up her mind that nothing had changed or ever would change. Adults weren’t there to help! Enid had learned the hard way that adults were there to enforce ever-changing rules and to punish kids for breaking rules. The number one rule being that all rules were subject to change—and always in favor of the adult.
Even as she convinced herself that she would never ask an adult for help, Enid was startled to hear her own voice blurt out, “My dad’s trying to kill me!”

Chapter 2
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is “What does a woman want?” Sigmund Freud
The metal door of the Estrella Women’s Jail in downtown Phoenix clanged shut behind Jack Fox. At forty-three years old, Jack stood six-foot-three and was lean, muscular and handsome enough to have his pick of the women leaning on the bar at the end of the night and good enough to get them to cook him a three-egg omelette in the morning. His aquiline nose and black hair gave hints of the Apache blood on his mother’s side while his green-grey eyes, quick smile and fast temper announced his Irish roots.
Jack didn’t flinch as the stink of disinfectant hit his nose like a brick. He’d been gearing himself up for this visit, and foul smells were the least of his worries.
A burly prison guard led Jack into a dreary visitor’s room, filled with rows of partitioned tables, each with four feet of surface between the two chairs that faced each other, separating visitors from inmates.
Jack drew a deep breath and tried to steady his nerves. The last time he had seen Eve Hargrove was six months ago, but it felt as close as a kick to his nuts. He’d been over-the-fucking-moon in love with Eve, but it hadn’t stopped him from making sure that she went to jail for the three murders that she had committed.
Eve Hargrove was as rich and beautiful as she was dangerous. She was also currently residing exactly where she needed to be—in prison. She was the center of a media storm that made her out to be the bad girl to end all bad girls—and Jack didn’t argue. Her court date was fast approaching and her vast wealth ensured that she had top criminal lawyers working overtime to try and wriggle her off the hook for murdering her stepfather, her sister Jeni, and Frank Ficus, a private detective who had been in her employ.
For the last six months, Jack had done his damnedest to keep out of the media. The only reason he had agreed to meet with Eve today was because her lawyer, Danny, had been persistent—and mysterious. Jack could ignore the lawyer’s persistence, but he was a born sucker for a mystery.
Some people might say that curiosity was Jack’s fatal flaw, but he preferred to call it his job. The bottom line was that, in his profession, curiosity paid the bills. With the help of his lone receptionist, Rachel, Jack was the Jack Fox Detective Agency. The fact that his curiosity had led him to the brink of his own grave on more than one occasion—well, that was just the risk he was willing to take to get at that most elusive of big game—the truth.
The prison guard gestured for Jack to sit.
Jack slid into the seat and found himself face-to-face with Eve Hargrove. At 27, with no makeup and her hair pulled back in a ponytail, Eve looked as out of place as a fresh-faced college kid doing an undercover piece on prisons for extra credit. The orange jumpsuit couldn’t rob her of her natural beauty: clear green eyes, flawlessly porcelain skin and, worst of all, those damned lips that needed kissing.
As always, her presence affected Jack like a jolt of electricity. Eve was the same, only—her face seemed softer, even as her eyes silently mocked him. Eve said, “Don’t tell me you’re still upset with me?”
“Because you tried to kill me?” Jack said, horrified to hear that his voice was thick with emotions that he desperately wanted to hide.
Eve shrugged as if acknowledging that she had made a minor social faux pas. “Don’t get too broken up about it,” Jack said, forcing his voice under more control.
Eve studied him, a smile curving around her lips. “You look—good.” She said the word “good” like it was candy melting on her tongue.
Jack looked away, silently cursing his hard-on. He kept his eyes focused on the cinderblock wall, feeling strangely helpless in her presence.
Eve said, “How’s Enid?”
Jack shot her a look. The last time Eve had seen Enid, Eve had plugged Enid with a bullet—damned near killed her. “Alive,” he said, “no thanks to you.”
Eve said, “I hope little Enid stays healthy long enough to testify against me.”
Jack’s stomach lurched. After a moment, he took a steadying breath, determined not to play into her hands. “I’m here because of your lawyer. I’ve had proctologists less invasive than that guy.”
“For what I pay him,” Eve said, “he better be up your ass.” “What do you want?” Jack said.
Eve leaned forward. “Having a lover is like having a dog. I say sit; you sit. I say come; you come. I wanted to see how well my doggie is trained.”
Jack stared at her, incredulous. After a moment, he gave a contemptuous laugh. “Aren’t you a cute trick, trying to get a rise out of me. For that to work, I’d have to care.”
She raised her eyebrows and gave him a knowing look.
Jack’s jaw tightened, but he kept his silence. He didn’t need a PhD to know that she wasn’t buying his act, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to play the role—to the bitter end.
Eve grinned. “You want to kiss me.”
Jack leaned forward in a burst of fury. “You’re a murdering scumbag! A selfish, lying—” “Hold up, cowboy!” Eve said, holding up her hands and laughing. “I hope you don’t kiss your mother with that mouth.”
Jack flinched, knowing that she knew that the mention of his mother was like twisting a knife in an open wound. His mother was long gone, but the pain of that day, as a kid, when he had come home from school and found his mother hanging lifeless from a noose—the pain always cut into him like brand-damned-new.
Eve said, “I want to hire you.”
Jack stared at her, suspicious.
Eve said, “Have I piqued your curious-bone?”
“I’m growing roots,” Jack said, trying not to sound curious.
“They’re trying to get me for the murder of Frank Ficus,” Eve said. “Contrary to popular opinion, I didn’t kill him. I want to hire you to find out who killed Frank.”
“Why don’t you burp me while you’re at it?” Jack said, “You think I was born yesterday?”
“Danny—my attorney—he’ll make sure you get paid.”
“I know you killed Frank,” Jack said, shaking his head. Frank Ficus was the private detective that Eve had hired to tail her sister, Jeni, and then him. The last time Jack had seen Frank, his brains were hanging-ten across his car’s dashboard—and Jack knew damned well that Eve’s finger had pulled the trigger.
“I killed Daniel,” Eve said, referring to her stepfather, “for what he did to Jeni and Laura.”
“Still playing Snow White?” Jack sneered, enjoying giving Eve a twist of the knife. Jack knew that, as much as he obsessively needed to know the truth, Eve just as obsessively needed to believe in her own lies. Eve would roll over and die before she’d ever admit that her stepfather had repeatedly raped and molested her as a child. Jack had come to understand that that was a truth that Eve could not face. In Eve’s mind, it was the difference between being clean and being dirty. Eve had proved that she was willing to kill to retain the illusion of her own version of remaining clean.
Eve’s eyes glimmered dangerously. “Daniel never touched me.”
“If you ever ‘fessed up and told it like it was, you’d curl up and die,” Jack said. “It’s like Jeni said, you and the truth go together like the sparrow and the hawk.”
“And you’re just an honest dick who can’t get enough of the truth,” she said contemptuously. “How’s that working for you?”
“I’ll be walking out of here. How’s that working for you?”
Clenching her fists so that her fingernails bit into the flesh on her palms, Eve said, “He never touched me!”
“Pure as mud,” Jack said. “Okay, I’ll bite—Daniel deserved it. Why’d you have to kill Jeni?”
“Jeni’s blood is on your hands,” Eve said with a vicious smile.
Jack’s face flushed and hot guilt surged through him. He couldn’t deny it—what she said was the truth. Eve may have pulled the trigger that killed Jeni, but Jack knew that it was him that helped Eve aim the gun. Jack had made Jeni a promise—one simple promise. When Jack broke that promise which—he somehow always managed to break promises to women—that was what had gotten Jeni killed. That was a bitter truth that he had been living with for the last six months and he knew that he would live with it until his dying day.
Jeni might be dead, but she was alive with a vengeance in Jack’s nightmares. As soon as he slipped into sleep, Jack would see her—a blonde beauty of a girl sprawled in a pool of her own blood, staring up at him, her mouth moving, but no sound coming out. In the dream—and it was always the same dream—Jack bent closer, closer—trying to hear what Jeni was saying. It was her voice, coming back from the dead and telling him what he already knew—
“You killed me.”
Eve’s voice jerked him back to the present. “My attorney is authorized to pay you handsomely.”
“For what?” Jack said, his voice harsh.
“To find out who killed Frank,” Eve said, her eyes locked on his.
“You must think I’m pretty fucking dumb,” Jack said, shaking his head disparagingly. “I know you. You cooked up some cockeyed scheme that involves me being stupid enough to believe you—just so you can get your daily dose of shits-and-giggles and I end up fried bacon on death row.”
“I’m hurt,” Eve said with mock innocence.
“Lady,” Jack said, his voice rich with sarcasm, “they haven’t invented an ice pick that could hurt you.”
“I love to see you when your blood is up,” Eve said with a smile. “It makes me feel close to you.”
“You can take your money and shove it where the sun don’t shine,” Jack said.
Eve gave him a thoughtful look. “The last time we were together—you could have killed me, but you didn’t.”
“Life is full of regrets,” Jack said, shrugging.
Eve gave him a long, hard look. “You think you’re better than me.” “I am.”
Her eyes flashed with a sudden wickedness, like shards of glass glinting in the moonlight. “I can prove that you’re no better than me.”
Jack laughed, trying to hide his uneasiness.
Eve leaned forward. “I can prove that you’re a killer—same as me.”
“Have a nice life,” Jack said, waving for the guard, who was busy dealing with another visitor. He had been told not to get up unless he was escorted by a guard and, usually, he didn’t mind breaking rules, but he preferred not to test the strength of those rules in a place where they took the rules super-seriously.
“You like the truth so much?” Eve said, “I’ll give you the truth. I’ll make you face the truth—I’m going to show you who you really are.”
“Try knitting. It’d be a better hobby,” Jack said, feeling his skin crawl.
“You love me,” Eve said, her eyes gleamed a hard, glinting green. Jack wanted to say something, but found that he couldn’t.
Eve shook her head, pityingly. “Jack Fox, you are walking through this world with a black curse painted across your face. I saw it right off. I pegged you for who you are—but you won’t admit. Can’t. You think you’re such a good guy, but I’m going to show you who you really are—you’re no better than me.”
Jack tried to hide his uneasiness in a grin. “Is that all you got?”
“You’re broke,” Eve said in a scathing voice. “The insurance money from when your house burned down hasn’t come through. You’re behind on your bills to the point of getting evicted from your office and your dump apartment. Play hard to get if it helps you sleep at night, but you’ll take my case because you need the money.” Eve laughed. “I’m a damned fool for offering money! I know you—you’ll do it for free. You’re incapable of accepting what is told to you—you have to go out and dig for what nobody cares about—the truth. Well, the truth is—I did not kill Frank.”
“You’re going down for what you did,” Jack said, struggling hard to keep his voice from shaking. “Not just for killing Jeni, but for killing Frank. Your going to pay for murdering them and I’m going to be there to watch the show. If it kills me—I’ll be there—for Jeni.”
“Catholic guilt,” Eve said scornfully. “I love it! The great Jack Fox doing penance for his sins. Only trouble is, what you did—breaking your promise to Jeni—that filth doesn’t wash off.”
Jack glared at her. He wanted to punch her square in the face.
Or kiss her.
As if divining his thoughts, Eve smiled. “I’ve got a Hobson’s choice for you.”
“Take it or leave it? I don’t think so. You talk awfully big for somebody in an ugly orange jumpsuit.” Jack stood up, waving for the guard to escort him out. He wanted out of there so bad that he could take a bite out of it.
“Oh, I’m full of something, that’s for sure.” Eve said. Slowly and deliberately, she stood up. She turned to her side, revealing her swollen and very pregnant belly.
The wind went out of Jack like he took a punch to the gut. Jack felt his legs go out from under him as he crumpled weakly into the chair.
She said sit; she made me sit.
Jack looked at her blankly, his mind racing backwards in time and clinging to the desperate hope that the baby wasn't his—it could be Chip’s!
“It’s not Chip’s,” Eve said. “You can’t wriggle out of this one, Jack. I’ve got the DNA to prove that you’re the father.”
Jack gulped, a cold feeling in his bowels.
Eve said, “Curious about your Hobson’s choice?” Jack felt too sick to talk.
Eve sat down. After a moment, she matter-of-factly said, “Ask me to marry you.” Jack stared at her, not comprehending.
Eve clasped her hands together like she was the heroine in a cheesy, gothic novel. “The answer is yes. You’ve made me the happiest girl in the world, Mr. Fox!”
Jack stared at her, his mind unable to process what was happening.
Eve’s voice reverted to matter-of-fact. “You have twenty-four hours to marry me. My attorney has the paperwork. Once we’re married, you’re going to play daddy to our spawn for the next eighteen years. Personally, I’m hoping she takes after her mother.”
Jack leaned forward, fists clenched. “It’s not mine!”
“Don’t you see, darling?” Eve said, her voice sweet as saccharine. “That’s your Hobson’s choice. You raise the thing—or I kill it.”
Jack jolted back, aghast.
Eve said, “If you don’t agree to my terms, I kill it, which makes you responsible. You’ll be a killer. Just like me.”
“You’re sick,” Jack whispered.
“All this baby talk. Dreadfully boring.” Eve said, gesturing for a guard’s attention. The guard nodded and walked toward them.
Eve said to Jack, “I’m going to spit this thing out like a cheap Pez dispenser and then it’s yours. I’m done.”
“I won’t do it!” Jack said, hoarsely.
“You’ve got twenty-four hours to marry me,” Eve said, “or this baby will die an excruciating death. It’s your choice. Talk to you later, killer.”
Jack watched in stunned silence as the prison guard escorted her away. Eve glanced back and, with that quicksilver look he knew so well— she winked.
Jack doubled over and puked.

Chapter 3
My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation. Arthur Conan Doyle
So this is hell.
Bud caught his image in the reflective glass of the window of the Cardiac Rehabilitation center, which showed a 65-year-old man panting his way through a forced treadmill march that took him miles and miles to—
Nowhere.
Bud Orlean was six-foot-even and his speckled grey hair gave him a dignified appearance that might have come off as chilly, except that his eyes were warm and inviting, especially toward anyone he found himself questioning during his forty years on the force as a Phoenix homicide detective. Less discerning individuals didn’t realize that his friendly eyes hid a shrewd understanding of the dark side of human nature. Bud had long been considered the top homicide detective in Phoenix.
Had.
Bud pulled the red emergency “stop” string and leaned heavily on the front of the machine, panting with exhaustion.
What’s the point?
“Why did you stop?” Ginger Spells shouted from across the room. She was 98 pounds of pure perky Nazi energy. Cute as a button, Ginger had the discipline of an evil dictator in Bud’s cardiac rehab world. Ginger bounded across the room and grabbed Bud’s left wrist. She gazed at her watch, lips moving silently as she clocked his pulse. “Nope,” she said, shaking her head in disapproval, “you can do better.” She punched buttons on the treadmill, setting the speed and incline higher.
Bud stepped off the treadmill. “Isn’t the point of Cardiac Rehab that I not have another heart attack?”
Ginger said, “You’ve got fourteen more minutes, Bud, so haul your carcass up there and get moving. Walk now or die later, and by “later” I mean sooner than you think.”
“Men’s room,” Bud said as he made his escape to the locker room.
Ginger called after him, “I’m the boss when you’re on my time.”
Bud turned and said, “I was making mortgage payments before you were a twinkle in your father’s eye, Ginger Spells, so I’m claiming seniority on this one. I’m done.”
Ginger yelled out, “Fourteen times two equals twenty-eight extra minutes on the treadmill on Wednesday, Bud. Pay now or pay later.”
Bud winced, knowing that she was as good as her word. She reminded him of a more politically correct version of his old high school football coach, Mr. Venuto, who would chomp on a endless supply of cigars as he snarled, “No faggot jumping jacks, boys!”
Fifteen minutes later, showered and changed into jeans and a Diamondbacks T-shirt, Bud was walking to his car when Ed Farnship intercepted him in the parking lot.
“Bud, can I ask you a favor?” Ed’s worried eyes were crinkling in the corners, which gave him the appearance of a giant gnome. Ed was six-foot-four and had a beer belly that Ginger was slowly paring down. He had the telltale sunburn of a fair-skinned Midwesterner who hadn’t figured out the absolute necessity of sunblock during a Phoenix summer. Ed and Bud had started Cardiac Rehab on the same day, and Ed had confided to Bud that he had his heart attack while on a cruise with his wife, whose name was exotic enough that Bud immediately suspected that she was a mail-order bride.
Over the last decade, Bud had noticed a sharp increase in the number of older white men married to beautiful young foreign women who barely spoke English. It didn’t take a genius to figure out that if the bride and groom couldn’t speak the same language, then donuts-to-dollars, she was a mail-order bride.
Bud said, “What can I help you with?”
Ed hesitated and then said, “You were a detective—?”
“I am a detective,” Bud said, trying to hide his irritation. “Homicide.” “Oh, I thought—”
“I’m part-time,” Bud said quickly, “till I get back in fighting shape.”
Ed nodded and said, “It’s my wife—she’s worried about her sister. Marina was due to arrive here—to get married and—uh…”
Bud remained silent, waiting.
Ed said, “We haven’t heard from her. My wife thinks something might have happened to her.”
“How old is Marina?” Bud said.
“Twenty-something,” Ed said, shrugging. “She’s engaged to get married to some guy—we don’t even know his name. The agency she went through is telling us that Marina got off the plane and disappeared. They claim she ran away and they’ve washed their hands of her. My wife is worried sick. She says her sister would never not call her.”
“Have you filed a missing persons report?” Bud said.
“That’s just it. We’re not even sure Marina made it to the United States. She was traveling from Moscow and the airline won’t confirm if she was on the plane.”
Bud frowned. “Not even to a relative?”
Ed shook his head.
Bud said, “Have you contacted the police?”
Ignoring the question, Ed said, “They grew up in a little town outside of Moscow and they both moved to the city for better jobs. We don’t even know if her sister is in Moscow or Phoenix—or someplace else. The last we heard from her, she said she was engaged to a man here in Phoenix. Marina wouldn’t give her sister any details about the man, not even a name.”
Bud hesitated and then said, “When you say agency—?”
“A dating agency called Perfect Match. That’s how I met my wife, Layla. They specialize in matching American men with Russian women. It’s legit,” Ed said quickly. “I checked them out. Layla and I are coming up on our two-year anniversary. She’s the best thing that ever happened to me.”
“You need to file a missing persons report,” Bud said, “here and in Moscow. I don’t know exactly how you do that in Russia, but your wife can take care of that.”
“I’d prefer not to go to the police,” Ed said. “Why?” Bud said.
Ed shrugged, shifting uncomfortably.
Bud wondered what Ed was hiding, but, being diplomatic, he said, “If you want, I can give you the name of a private detective. As far as private detectives go, Jack Fox is the best.” Bud gave a dry smile. The first time Bud had met Jack Fox, he had hated him. Their paths had crossed or, more accurately, their paths had got snarled up while Bud was working the Daniel Hargrove murder case. Bud and Jack had gotten past their animosity and somehow managed to work together to solve the case, and Bud had the immense satisfaction of seeing Eve Hargrove behind bars. The tenuous friendship that Bud and Jack had formed—went nowhere. After Eve went to jail, Jack had dropped off the map. Bud had made several attempts to call him, but when Jack had ignored his calls, he’d gotten the hint. Bud had thought about calling Enid, who had saved Bud’s life, but he never did.
Ed’s voice brought him back to the present. “Sounds expensive,” Ed said with a frown. “I’ll text you his info,” Bud said. “I think he gives free consults.”
“Thanks.” After a moment, Ed said. “Are you dating yet, Bud?” Grimacing in disgust, Bud began walking to his car.
“You’re divorced, right?” Ed said, following him.
“Not yet,” Bud said, feeling the familiar stab of pain at the thought of his impending divorce from Bunnie, his wife of forty-three years. Although Bud no longer loved the woman that she had become, he was still mourning the loss of the woman that she had been. From her love handles that muffin-topped over her bejeweled sweat suits to her Z-Coil shoes to her platinum ponytail in a fake wiglet, Bud had adored every inch of her and had never imagined life without her. Although most people found Bunnie loud and abrasive, Bud had always enjoyed her sharp-tongued banter that made the world seem even-keeled and sane. Bunnie had been the rock that kept their family grounded as he worked long hours, and she raised their son, Chip. Everything had been perfect—until six months ago.
The hardest hit he’d ever taken was the day he found out that Bunnie was cheating on him. The frosting on that cake was that Bunnie was cheating on him with a disgustingly handsome man who was ten years younger then her. Tom Malone had swept Bud’s wife off her feet and was currently keeping her size-tens busy beating the air above her head as they cruised the Caribbean. For the last three years of their marriage, Bunnie had nagged Bud to retire so that they could cruise the Caribbean. When Bud wouldn’t retire, Bunnie had found a man who would cruise the Caribbean.
Bud was still living in the house that he and Bunnie had shared for decades. Bunnie was gone and now Bud and Chip were living in the house, which had been on the market for four months and wasn’t budging. Bud’s new boss, Bram Wilson, had pushed for him to take a six-month medical leave, but Bud had refused. After a long battle, his boss reluctantly gave Bud permission to work part-time, restricting him to a three-day workweek. Bud hated the part-time status, but he decided that it was a concession he had to accept if he wanted to work. Bud was under strict orders that he couldn’t return to full-time duties until he was cleared by his cardiologist, which he suspected wasn’t happening anytime soon.
So, in answer to Ed’s question, Bud forced himself to smile politely and shake his head. Between the divorce, health issues and starting a new phase of his life, no, Bud had not started dating. Bud had only ever kissed one woman, his wife, and the thought of starting fresh with a new woman was beyond daunting—it was downright terrifying.
Ed grinned and said, “You should give Perfect Match a try, Bud. I thought an old geezer like me wouldn’t have a snowball’s chance in hell of finding somebody like my wife—she’s gorgeous and, man, can she cook! She makes this thing she calls a Tolstoy pop-over and—”
Bud listened as Ed talked on about the wonders of his Russian wife. Bud wondered what Ed’s wife was really like. He had always marveled at the courage it took for a woman to leave everything that was familiar to her and move to a foreign country to marry a man that she hardly knew so that she could start a new life. Bud envisioned the modern mail-order brides as the new pioneers to the Wild West. He recalled the black-and-white photographs from the 1800s that he had seen of women who left the East Coast and travelled West in search of a new life. Grim-faced women who, if they landed in a tiny burg like Tombstone, either ended up married to a miner, being a school teacher or being one of many replaceable prostitutes. And the prostitutes did not end well. Bud had been shocked to find out that the self-employed prostitutes would rent a “dove cottage” for one dollar and twenty-five cents a day and they would charge each man twenty-five cents, which means they would have to have sex with five men before they could break even and start making a profit. The mere thought of what the woman had to endure made Bud want to build a time machine so he could go back in time and save them from such a degrading existence. He wasn’t surprised to find out that most of the women took their own life by overdosing on Laudanum, which was an opium-based medicine at that time that was used as a common treatment for headaches. Bud had been amazed to find out that one woman had worked as a prostitute for several years until she saved enough money to buy a ticket on the stagecoach that would take her back to her home in New England. He was amazed that anyone could endure such a life. Of course, Bud had always believed that women were stronger than men.
Bud interrupted Ed and said, “If you’re not going to the police, then you need a private detective.”
“Huh?” Ed said, startled.
“Jack Fox.” Bud said. “Call him. He’s worth the money.”
“Yeah,” Ed nodded thoughtfully. “My wife is awfully worried. You know how it is— gotta keep the wife happy.”
“Happy wife, happy life,” Bud said, his smile fading as he thought of Bunnie.

Chapter 4
There is something pagan in me that I cannot shake off. In short, I deny nothing, but doubt everything. Lord Byron
Enid, Claire and Micki sat at one of the long rows of picnic tables that bordered a grassy area of Sunnyslope High School. The area was awash with teenager laughter and raised voices during the lunch break. Despite the ninety-degree temperature, there was an occasional breeze that left a chill of eighty-five that sent the thin-blooded Arizonian students huddling into their hoodies.
Enid eyed her half-eaten chocolate-Nutella sandwich and said, “I didn’t mean to tell Stuckley anything—it just popped out!”
Claire picked over her grilled chicken salad that sat daintily on a fresh bruschetta and white linen. “Have you ever been tested for epilepsy—or Tourette’s?”
“Tourette’s,” Micki said, biting into her sandwich, a hot dog bun slathered with peanut butter and jelly. “Isn’t that where you shout out cuss words, slap people and blame it on the disease?”
Enid said, “I was sitting there and Stuckley was, like, all ready to dig into my brain and, next thing I know, I just blurted it out. Maybe I do have something wrong with me.” Claire said, “No, you’re just—”
“Stupid.” Micki said with a grin.
Claire said to Enid, “Just because your dad is buying life insurance on you—that doesn’t mean he’s planning to murder you. Maybe he’s just being a fiscally responsible parent.”
Enid shook her head and said, “I saw it with my own eyes. Why would he need a million dollars’ worth of life insurance on me—unless he wants to cash in on me being dead?”
Micki waved her hot dog bun at Enid. “Better odds than lotto.” Claire said, “But he hasn’t tried to kill you.”
“He’s a detective,” Micki said. “If anybody knows how to murder you and hide your body, it’d be a detective, right?”
“I think you have an overactive imagination,” Claire said as she primly wiped her mouth. “I did some research last night and, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics on Murder in Families, only three-point-five percent of murders are parents killing their children. Did you know that wives and husbands both have an equal chance of murdering each other?”
Micki said. “You guys think I’m the twisted one? This one,” she jerked her thumb at Claire, “she’s the original twisted sister.”
Claire said to Enid, “Have you asked your father about the life insurance? There’s probably a simple explanation.”
Micki said, “Yeah, there’s a simple explanation! Your dad is going to murder you, hack you up and Fed-Ex your eyeballs back to Florida.”
“This isn’t a joke!” Enid said, her voice shrill.
Heads turned in their direction and a boy from a nearby table called out, “Dork!”
Micki slunk down, self-consciously. She glared at Enid and said, “A little louder next time, dick-weed.”
Enid leaned forward and, in a lower voice, said, “He needs the money! We got an eviction notice on the front door. He thinks I didn’t see it. Maybe he thinks I’m stupid—I don’t know. But I know he’s broke. Besides, ever since—well, I’m just in the way.”
Micki said, “I thought you two were getting along?”
“We were,” Enid said, frowning. “At first, but then—he got all quiet and—weird.” “Maybe your dad is depressed,” Claire said. “He did fall in love with a woman who tried to kill him—and you. I’d be depressed if I fell in love with a murderer. Has your dad seen a psychiatrist?”
“Big whup!” Micki said disparagingly. “When I was in third grade, my mom tried to kill my dad and you didn’t see anyone getting all spazzed out about that.”
“Your father is crazy,” Claire said to Micki. “You’ve said so yourself, so I don’t think he should be our standard baseline for comparison on fatherhood.”
Micki said, “Oh, and your fath-ah is the standard baseline for whatever-you-just-said? He probably brewed you up in the cellar using a turkey-baster, a test tube and some ‘80s VHS porn featuring a chick-with-a-dick named Earl and a Shetland pony.”
Claire stared at Micki for several seconds before she made a face and turned back to Enid. “Anyway. It might be interesting to do some basic detective work—just to verify that your father is not trying to kill you.”
“Your dad is so hot!” Micki grinned at Enid. “If your dad and I ever got married—do you realize that would make me your stepmother?”
“Gross!” Enid said.
“Next time I see your dad,” Micki said with a decisive nod, “I’m gonna’ moon him.”
Claire said to Micki, “What is this obsession you have with mooning people? It’s disturbing.”
Micki said to Claire, “I find it rather disturbing that you think it’s rather disturbing! If you’d loosen up a little and moon somebody, you might accidentally have some fun.”
Claire said, “I don’t need to pull down my pants to have fun.” Micki said, “Your future husband—such a lucky guy.”
“Hey!” Enid said. “Could we focus on the fact that my dad is—?” she lowered her voice and leaned in, “trying to kill me?”
Micki crumpled her empty lunch bag and threw it at Enid’s head.
Enid slapped it away and it went in a perfect arc into a nearby trashcan.
Micki pointed at the trashcan and said, “Score! Like I wanna do with your dad.”
“Oh, God!” Claire said, glaring at Micki in disgust. “Please remind me why I agreed to be friends with you.”
Micki hooked her thumb at Enid. “Her and me—we’re friends. You are the charity case.”
Claire gathered her book and stood. “I’m going to the library to look up some footnote references. I find this discussion juvenile and I need to terminate my involvement in it.” She turned to Enid, “I will be happy to help you with your investigation into your father’s intentions on one condition: if she pulls down her pants, even a little bit, I’m out.” Claire stalked off.
Enid said to Micki, “Why do you do that to her?”
Micki shrugged, unimpressed. “Someday, Claire is going to laugh and that stick that’s stuck up her butt is going to fly out and poke out somebody’s eyeball.”
Enid frowned, ignoring Micki’s laughter. Her thoughts turned back to her dad. Six months ago, after Jack’s house had burnt down, they had moved into an apartment close to her new high school. She and Jack were just starting to talk like normal people—nothing big, but they weren’t always fighting like when they first met. Maybe Claire was right—maybe Jack was depressed and needed help. She knew he was having nightmares, but she wasn’t sure if he knew that he was shouting out in his sleep. Growing up, Enid had grown up accustomed to the sound of her mother’s staccato night terror screams, so she hadn’t been too concerned at first. But when they didn’t stop and even seemed to get worse, Enid had thought about asking Jack about it, but she had decided against it. Some of her earliest and most vivid memories were of her mother graphically describing her own nightmares, which were were always the same—they were all about how her mother was forced to fight an endless series of bloody hand-to-hand combat battles with the devil. When she was younger, the descriptions of her mother’s nightmares had caused Enid many bad nights of her own, but by the time she was in fourth grade, she had become inured to them.
During her one-week suspension from school, Enid had been looking for some blank paper when she came across some documents with her name on it. Curious, she picked it up and was startled to see her name—with a list of quotes on life insurance ranging from ten thousand dollars up to a cool million. Hearing Jack coming in from work, Enid had shoved the document back into the stack of paperwork, which was full of the telltale red ink of past-due bills. Hurrying back to her bedroom, she had wondered why Jack was shopping for life insurance for her when he couldn’t even pay the rent.
She hadn’t thought too much about it, but she had woken up at 3:00 in the morning in a cold sweat. The realization had hit her like a ton of bricks: Jack was going to insure her—or maybe he had already gotten insurance—so he could kill her!
A cold, hard fear gripped her as she sat in the dark, her mind racing as she clutched her pillow to her chest as if for protection. It made perfect sense! Jack had never wanted kids and, even though he was putting up a good front for tolerating her presence, as far as being a father he might as well be a ghost. She had stayed awake a long time, thinking and worrying, but she had finally slipped back into a fitful sleep.
In the morning, with daylight streaming in the windows, Enid could almost laugh at herself for being so stupid. Jack wasn’t a killer! He might not have wanted kids, but Enid was sure that he wouldn’t actually contemplate murdering her for money.
Still, Enid couldn’t get rid of a nagging doubt picking at the edges of her brain. To calm her nerves and convince herself that she was crazy, Enid had gone back to look for the life insurance policy, but it was gone.
She had stood at his desk, staring at the same stacks of papers and unpaid bills.
Everything was there, but the life insurance stuff was gone. She felt herself go cold with fear, even as she chastised herself for watching too many true-crime television shows. Against her will, Enid began ticking off reasons why Jack would be tempted to cash in on her life. A million dollars of insurance money would solve all of his money problems. Plus, he’d never wanted her and, sure, he was acting like it was okay that she was there, but he was basically a walking zombie-ghost dad who grunted hello in the morning and said an odd word here or there throughout the day. If he actually went through with his plan, he’d be killing two birds with one stone. He’d be able to pay all his bills and, more importantly, she’d be out of his life. Enid felt sick to her stomach at what an idiot she’d been. She knew for a fact that Jack had never wanted her. She was the product of a drunken one-night stand and Jack hadn’t even known of her existence until six months ago. Back and forth she went, convincing herself and then unconvincing herself until— she was convinced.
He’s going to kill me.
Micki nudged Enid in the ribs, bringing her back to the present. “Hey,” Micki said, “Are you really serious? You think your dad—?”
“Yes!” Enid hissed, angrily wiping at the tears that were threatening to start up full force. “Holy shit!” Micki said, glancing around her in real alarm. “Don’t you dare cry! I ain’t hugging your bony ass!”
Enid couldn’t help but laugh, but it got choked on a sob.
“Come on!” Micki said, jumping up, looking panicky herself. “Let’s scope the boy’s locker room door—see if we can catch sight of the angry one-eyed weasel.”
Enid’s tears dried up and she gazed up at Micki in admiration for her innate ability to steer clear of any serious show of emotion and divert her attention to something down to earth and real, like scoping out the boy’s locker room for the one-eyed weasel.
The intercom system crackled and a woman’s voice announced, “Enid Iglowski, report to the principal’s office. Enid Iglowski, report to the principal’s office immediately.”
A general “Ooo, she’s in trouble” sound filled the air. Enid saw Micki hunch down in response to the curious stares that hit them from all sides.
“Shit on a shingle,” Micki hissed. “You shoulda never told Stuckley!”
Enid’s stomach did a flip and filled with fear at the thought that Jack would be waiting for her in the principal’s office.

Chapter 5
History is a set of lies agreed upon. Napoleon Bonaparte
Two hours before the school intercom ordered Enid to the principal’s office, Jack had been lying on the couch in his private office, staring at the ceiling. He’d been trying to wrap his mind, which was wracked with a world-class headache, around the fact that Eve was pregnant with his baby and, by this time tomorrow, he could end up married.
Jack knew that Eve wasn’t bluffing. She was as good as her word. He had no doubts that if he didn’t agree to go through with the marriage and agree to raise the baby, then she would do something that was too horrible to even think about—
A shot of Lysol? A coat hanger?
Jack shuddered and forced his thoughts backwards in time. One year ago, he’d been a bachelor. There’d been no stink of marriage, no commitments and, most importantly, no kids!
What had gone wrong?
For a guy that was a walking advertisement for planned parenthood, Jack felt like he was collecting kids like lint—and it was the kind of lint that didn’t shake off. Having Enid show up on his doorstep six months ago was shocking enough, but a baby! Jack didn’t know the first thing about taking care of a baby—and he sure as hell didn’t want to find out!
An even worse thought struck him. What kind of baby would he and Eve produce? If DNA was any indicator, the baby would be half-sociopath killer and half dumb-ass daddy who didn’t have enough sense to not screw a sociopath killer. His mind jumped forward, envisioning the baby as a little girl and, like the kid in the Omen movie, he saw her on her tricycle gunning for him as he stood at the top of a flight of stairs. Jack saw himself careening down the steep flight of stairs that ended in a horribly twisted and painful death.
Jack groaned aloud. He put his hands to his aching head, feeling like he was on the edge of a precipice, staring down into blackness. He had an overwhelming urge to run. He had a passport, he could take off to Chile or Thailand or —
There was a knock on the door.
Jack eyed the door warily, but remained silent.
His secretary, Rachel, cautiously opened the door and stuck her head in. Rachel was twenty-six and had recently taken to dressing like she was circa 1950s Hollywood. Her pretty brown hair was shoulder length and she was wearing one of her many retro dresses that she bought for dimes-on-the-dollar at a thrift store called Buffalo Exchange. She had also taken to reading Raymond Chandler and Dashiell Hammett novels. Jack had caught her more than once typing away at her own detective novel—on company time. He didn’t have the energy to tell her to stop. Plus, he didn’t pay her enough.
“Are you okay?” she said, her brow crinkling with worry. He nodded, but didn’t move.
“Your 3:00 o’clock is here,” Rachel said. “Layla Farnship. She’s got a missing sister and she’s pretty, but—she’s married.” Rachel gave him a “so don’t screw her” look.
Jack scowled.
Rachel shrugged and gave him a “just saying” look.
Jack glanced at the clock, surprised that he’d been wallowing in a stupor of misery for almost an hour.
“I’ll put her in your office,” Rachel said and disappeared.
The Jack Fox Detective Agency was on the third floor of an old-fashioned downtown Phoenix office that had seen better days. The detective agency was made up of three rooms: the reception room, which was Rachel’s domain, and two interior offices that were Jack’s—one for his clients and one that was his refuge from his clients. The three rooms were connected by doors, so that it was possible to walk in a continuous circle through the rooms when all of the doors were open, which they rarely were. Rachel kept the office clean and neat, which helped to slow its short descent into shabby. The place was begging for a facelift that wasn’t coming anytime soon.
The client office was the nicest room, with a respectable-looking mahogany desk, two leather chairs and framed prints of Secretariat and Man O’ War. Jack’s private office, or “man-cave” as Rachel dubbed it, was the room that he was currently in. It had a well-worn leather couch and an oversized wooden desk that was cluttered with books and stacks of papers sorted in three piles: important, not as important, and please get this off my desk, Rachel.
Jack groaned as he hauled himself off the couch. The last thing he wanted to do was deal with a new client—even if she was pretty. He was tired of pretty! Pretty had a horrible habit of spitting out babies.
Jack stumbled to the door that led to the client office. He tried, unsuccessfully, to ignore the pile of envelopes with red-inked words like “urgent” and “final notice” that were growing on his desk faster than fungus on a stubbed toenail.
The only bill he’d kept up with paying was Rachel’s paycheck. In all the years he’d had the agency, she was the best. When it came to researching topics or skip-tracing people who didn’t want to be found, Rachel was a sheer force of nature. Jack took one last glance at the pile of unpaid bills and couldn’t help but be glad that at least Enid had no idea he was so behind on the rent. Of course, Enid knew that he was tight for money, but he was grateful that she had no idea how bad things really stood.
Jack sighed, trying to buoy up an enthusiasm that he did not feel, even though a new client meant some desperately needed money. Jack started to straighten his shirt, but stopped.
If she doesn’t like it, she can fuck off.
Jack opened the door to his client office and walked in.
Layla Farnship was more than pretty—she was gorgeous. She sat nervously on the edge of her chair and, when Jack walked in, she jumped to her feet. Five-foot-ten, Layla was a tight package in jeans, black stilettos, and a sheer blue blouse that was a bit too matchy-matchy with her fake jewelry and heavily applied eyeshadow.
“Mr. Fox?” Layla said with a Russian accent that sounded vaguely harsh to Jack’s ears.
Jack ran his eyes over Layla Farnship’s svelte figure. Her blond hair was in startling contrast to her dark eyes. Her hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail that accented her high cheekbones. She had an exotic face that Jack suspected would look better without any of her heavy-handed makeup.
Layla rushed at him, grabbed his hand in both of hers and burst into tears.
Jack steered her to one of the leather chairs, which she collapsed into. Her hands fluttered around her face as she said, “I’m sorry—so sorry…”
Jack grabbed a box of Kleenex from his desk and gave it to her. He sat down and waited.
He wasn’t in the mood to deal with the waterworks, no matter how pretty the spigots were.
After several minutes, Layla stopped sobbing and wiped her eyes. Her hands were like pale birds that fluttered around her face, unsure where to land. “I am so embarrassed! I’m sorry— I really…”
“It’s not a problem,” Jack said tiredly, but not unkindly.
Layla gulped, nodding.
Jack said, “How can I help you?”
“My sister. She’s missing. I think something bad happened to her.” “Have you contacted the police?” Jack said.
Layla shook her head, a pink flush suffusing her high cheekbones.
“How long has she been missing?” Jack said, instantly leery about taking on a missing person case for a client who didn’t want to involve the police. It paid well, but rarely boded well.
Layla said, “The last time I heard from her was three weeks ago when I called her in Moscow.”
“Moscow, Russia, or Moscow, Nebraska?” Jack said, knowing it was Russia, but wanting to see her reaction.
“Russia,” Layla said, giving him a startled look. “Is she here or in Moscow?”
“I don’t know,” Layla said.
Jack sighed. He wasn’t up to dealing with an international missing person case, but she had the appearance of someone who looked like she could write his favorite kind of checks—the kind that didn’t bounce.
“I already signed a contract,” Layla said. “I gave your secretary a check so you can start the case.”
Jack’s eyebrows went up. He wasn’t used to clients paying up front. They usually came in and played the big shot with the big talk and then, when it came down to brass tacks, they got shy with the cash.
Jack said, “If I take your case, and I haven’t agreed to take your case, you need to be up front with me. You have to tell me everything—even the stuff you’re too embarrassed to tell anybody else.”
Layla gazed at him with wide eyes.
Jack said, “I can’t help you unless you tell me everything. Can you do that?” She hesitated, then nodded.
“Rachel!” Jack called.
Rachel appeared in the doorway. As if reading his thoughts, Rachel walked to Jack’s desk and showed him Layla’s check.
Jack gave the Layla Farnship a look of respect. “You have my attention.” Rachel left the office, closing the door behind her.
“What do you want to know?” Layla said. “What I don’t already know,” Jack said. “What’s that?” Layla said.
“You grew up in Moscow,” Jack said. “You got involved with an agency that matches up Russian brides to American men and you moved to Phoenix and married Edward W. Farnship, who votes Republican. Everything was coming up pink so you got your little sister onto the same gig, but she disappeared. Your husband, Ed, is a nice guy but not quite the man you hoped for.
Ed’s an older white guy, too red with too much sun and too fat with too much beer, who likes to hunt and fish, and not so forthcoming with the money. Ed likes to keep his thumb tight on the money—and his new bride. Is that about right?”
Layla gazed at him in astonishment, her mouth slightly open, revealing a sweet little set of incisors. “How—?”
“Your check,” Jack said. The check was in her husband’s name only and the background was a hunter’s paradise, complete with a buck waiting to get plugged. Jack said, “Why didn’t your husband come with you?”
“He doesn’t know I’m here,” Layla said. “I tell him tonight.”
“Is that before or after he puts a stop payment on the check?” Jack said, frowning.
Layla said, “My husband has an appointment to see you tomorrow—without me. A friend of his referred him to you.”
“Who?” Jack said. “A detective.”
“Bud or Sam?” Jack said, frowning as he thought of Bud’s son, the ridiculously handsome 20-something Chip, who could very well be the real father to Eve’s baby. Jack wondered if Chip knew that Eve was pregnant. Sam was Jack’s half-brother who worked as a detective for the Phoenix police and occasionally referred him clients.
“I don’t know,” Layla said. “Ed has an appointment to see you tomorrow but…” Her voice trailed off.
“Ed’s not big on letting you do your own talking,” Jack said, more a statement than a question.
Layla looked at him sheepishly. “Ed is a good husband, but—he likes control—and…” Her voice went down the same fading trail.
Jack said, “There are things you want to tell me that you would prefer not to say in front of your husband.”
She gave him a grateful look.
“On the check,” Jack said, “is that his signature or—did you sign his name?” “The check is good!” Layla said.
“Is Layla your real name?” Jack said, giving her a shrewd look. “Yes,” she said, puzzled.
“Do you work?” Jack said.
Layla bit her lip, released it and said, “In Moscow, I was a hair stylist, but here—I don’t have a license—yet.”
“How does your husband feel about you working?” Jack said.
Layla frowned. After several moments, she said, “Can I tell you about my sister?” “It’s your dime,” Jack said as he pulled out a legal pad and prepared to take notes. Layla said, “Marina Elsa Orlov. Her birthday is March 1st, 1991.”
“Spell it.” She did.
“Parents?” Jack said.
“They died when I was five. We were raised by our uncles on a farm outside of Moscow.
They are my mother’s two brothers and they raised us. They were very kind to us.” “Why did you leave the farm?” Jack said.
Layla hesitated. “I was old enough to go to the city and I wanted fun. I got a job as a shop girl.”
“I thought you were a stylist?” Jack said.
“I’m good with hair, but I never got my license. In the day, I worked at a dress shop. On weekends, I worked, how do you say it? On the bottom of the table—at a salon where I did hair.”
Jack said, “What’s the name of the agency you went through to get your American husband?”
“Here, in Phoenix, it is the Perfect Match agency, but in Moscow,” Layla hesitated, “I’m not sure I can say.”
Jack waited. He wasn’t in the mood to play patsy-cake with the girl if she wasn’t going to talk.
Layla’s hands were fluttering around her face again. Jack said, “How about we start over, Layla?”
She looked at him in surprise.
Jack said, “I don’t care what you’ve done, who you’ve done and I have no interest in telling tales to your husband, the police or immigration, so, if you’d be so kind, stop lobbing me polished turds and tell me the truth.”
Layla stared at him, mouth agape.
Jack said, “Is Marina really your sister?” She nodded, tears filling her gorgeous eyes.
Jack said, “You want me to find Marina, start talking. I need the truth.”
Layla stared at him. After a moment, her face hardened and all the hand fluttering stopped. “I was—an escort.”
Jack nodded, indicating for her to go on.
“Seventeen months, two weeks and three days.” Layla said, bitterly. “I had to get out or it was going to kill me—or I was going to kill one of them! A girl told me about an agency that would get us American husbands. It cost everything I had, but I got here.”
“Did your sister share your profession?”
“She had a real job!” Layla said. “It was her that worked in the dress shop, not me. I always did do hair nice, though.” She paused, a troubled pucker across her forehead. “I couldn’t stand the thought of Marina getting in deep, like I did.”
“Deep?”
Layla said, “I saw what happens to girls who stay in too long, who forget they get old fast—so I got out before my—how do you say it? Expiration date?” She shrugged and said, “There is always a younger, prettier girl right behind you. That’s one thing every woman learns quick— whether you’re in the business or not. I promised Marina that as soon as I got set up here, I would get the money to get her a husband in Phoenix, so that we could be together.”
“Still doesn’t answer what you mean by deep,” Jack said.
Layla looked away with a pained expression. “We worked for a bad man. Dangerous.” “Name?”
Layla looked him in the eye. “You don’t need to know—and I don’t need to die.”
“Bratva?” Jack said, using the Russian word for the Brotherhood, which was the most common name of the Russian organized crime syndicate.
“Oh,” Layla said scornfully. “You watch a movie and you think you know something?” Jack didn’t answer.
She shook her head and said, “It doesn’t matter.” “Everything matters,” Jack said quietly.
Layla sat brooding, her fingers gripping at her tight jeans.
Jack sat patiently, but quickly judged that she wasn’t ready to talk. He gave what he hoped was a disarming smile and said, “Tell me about Marina.”
Layla’s face softened to wistfulness. “Marina was always the pretty one. Not so street-smart, you know? But pretty, very pretty—like a doll. I worked three extra months to save the money to make the bribes, to make sure Marina got matched up with a good husband. She told me he was a big shot here in Phoenix, but she wouldn’t tell me his name—said it would ruin everything. She called him Boo.”
“Boo? As in Halloween?” Jack said with a frown.
Layla nodded. “She refused to tell me anything about him—except that he is rich and important. He set the date for her to travel here and it was three days before that—that’s the last time I heard from her.”
“Give me the dates and the airline. Do you have the flight number?” Jack said.
Layla pulled out her cell phone and gave him the information, which Jack wrote down.
He said, “You have no idea if Marina made it to Phoenix?”
Layla said, “I wanted to go to her wedding, but Marina said that he wanted to get married first and I would meet him after the honeymoon, but it’s been weeks and I haven’t heard from her.”
“She might be on her honeymoon,” Jack said.
Layla shook her head. “We made a promise—we talk every Sunday, no matter what.” “What do you think happened to her?” Jack said.
Layla looked down at her hands, tears welling up in her eyes. “Marina is sweet, but—” Layla looked up, eyes flashing angrily. “She believes in love and fairy tales and cheap talk! I’m afraid she was stupid and walked into a man’s trap and—”
Jack waited, watching her face pale as two red spots mottled her cheeks. Layla said, “I think Marina is dead.”

Chapter 6
I must be more sensible and realize that at my age, illusions are hardly permitted and they will always destroy me. Paul Cézanne
Bud sat on one of the two mismatched chairs in the living room of his modest home. The other chair was occupied by his 26-year-old son, Chip, who was engrossed in typing on his laptop. Bud was trying to get interested in an article on local politics in the Arizona Republic, but his attention wouldn’t stick. He couldn’t deny it—he was bored off his rocker!
Disgusted, Bud threw down the newspaper. He was sick and tired of the restricted work hours, the bland heart-healthy food and forced marches on treadmills that went nowhere. He cracked his knuckles, feeling the familiar hunger surging up within him. He wanted to roar like a lion and charge into the night and do what God put him on Earth to do—hunt down the seemingly endless supply of murdering scumbag degenerates who were, at this moment, walking the city streets—looking for their next victims. More than anything, Bud desperately wanted to get back in the game. He wanted —
The hunt.
Bud glared at the newspaper that lay on the floor. He snatched it up and attempted to focus on the boring article.
After a few minutes, Bud shoved the paper aside, knowing that it was futile. Bitterness rose up in his soul with the knowledge that his best days were gone and that he was on a one-way downhill road that ended in a cold grave.
He had had three things in his life, and each one of them was gone or slipping away.
Bunnie, who could always make him laugh and had been his best friend, wife and lover—she was was long gone, and that part of his life was deader than a door nail. Work, which was now restricted to three days a week because of his heart disease, was turning into more of a frustration than the joy it had once been. And Chip…
Bud glanced over at Chip, who was typing away on his laptop. The golden boy had dropped out of his third year of medical school and sacrificed his bright future so he could write the next great American novel that Bud suspected would end up selling on Kindle for ninety-nine cents.
Bud shook his head in disgust. Although he couldn’t deny that it was a consolation to have Chip around, Bud would have been far happier if Chip was back in Philadelphia getting ready to graduate medical school and start his residency.
In the meantime, Bud’s purpose in life—the thing that kept him getting out of bed each morning—was that he was allowed to work part-time, which wasn’t saying much. With a bitter twist of his lips, Bud figured that his best scenario would be if he dropped dead of heart attack before he couldn’t remember his name or need help wiping his own ass.
“You okay, Pops?” Chip said.
Startled, Bud looked up to see Chip’s concerned eyes examining him.
When Bud didn’t answer, Chip said, “You should take a walk around the block—you’ll feel better.”
Bud snapped, “I’m not a dog!” Chip stared at him, shocked.
Bud grimaced, made an apologetic shrug and muttered, “Sorry.” “What’s going on, Pops?” Chip said.
Bud remained silent as he fought the urge to bring his hand to his chest, which felt heavy with a dull ache.
Chip said, “Is it your—?”
“I’m fine,” Bud said abruptly. “I read something in the newspaper I didn’t like, that’s all.
Go back to your—” Bud waved his hand at Chip’s laptop.
Chip gave him an uneasy look and went back to typing on his laptop.
Bud looked around the living room. Even after six months, he still couldn’t get used to how alien and bare the room looked now that Bunnie was gone. He was also unable to differentiate between the dull ache of heart disease and the pain that Bunnie had inflicted on his heart. Bunnie had never done anything half-heartedly, and Bud was still suffering under the full fury of the scorched-earth campaign that she referred to as their divorce.
When Bunnie busted up Bud’s world by leaving him for her much-younger paramour, Tom Malone, Bud had been devastated. Bud winced at the memory of watching as Bunnie directed three guys from “Two Guys and a Truck” to strip their home nearly bare, leaving Bud sitting alone in the wreckage of what had been their life together.
The living room now consisted of a motley collection of furniture that Chip and Bud had dragged from other parts of the house. Bunnie hadn't bothered to take any of the many framed photos of her and Bud that had been on display throughout the house. Bud wasn’t sure what hurt worse: seeing the photos of him and Bunnie as a happy couple and knowing that he didn’t have the heart to remove them from the walls, or coming home on a certain Tuesday afternoon and finding that Chip had cleared the house of all the photos and any trace of Bunnie.
At first, Bud had been angry, but the anger had quickly cooled into unspoken relief. Neither of them had spoken of it. Bud was left feeling ashamed of his weakness, but he was grateful to Chip for taking action and doing what he had been unable to do.
Bud gazed at his son, who sat across from him. It was hard to believe that he and Bunnie had produced such a handsome kid. Bud shook his head at the word “kid.” At six-foot-three, Chip was lean and muscular and had a loping gait that was all the more appealing because, although he was aware of the admiration that he left in his wake, he was also strangely humble. As the mother of one of Chip’s ex-girlfriend once said, “Put a broken nose and a tighter ass on Michelangelo’s statue of David—and that’s Chip Orlean.”
Six months ago, when Bud had come to grips with the fact that Chip had no intention of returning to medical school, Bud had reluctantly agreed to let Chip shadow him at his work as a homicide detective, so that Chip could gather information for writing his detective novel. That worked for a couple of months—until Chip had burned through the remainder of his school loan money and found himself too broke to pay for a cup of Circle K coffee. That was when Bud insisted that Chip get a job.
Chip had often joked that if he couldn’t cut it as a doctor, he could always go back to waiting tables, like he had done during his high school and undergraduate days, and Bud found that it was a bitter pill to swallow that his son was slinging hash.
When Chip showed up to inquire about a waiter’s position at Elements, one of the three most expensive restaurants in Phoenix, the pretty, blonde-haired manager on duty was so entranced by Chip’s looks that she hired him on the spot. Chip began working part-time, and within several weeks was making enough money to pull his weight with the household bills while still having enough time to work on his novel on his days off.
Something sparkly on Chip’s eyebrow caught Bud’s eye. Curious, Bud leaned forward, squinting. “Is that—glitter?” “Huh?” Chip said, startled.
“Glitter,” Bud said, pointing to Chip’s eyelid and then his own.
Chip wiped his hand across his eye and laughed. “One of the girls at work wears stripper-glitter lipstick. She thinks it’s funny to grab my face and kiss me.”
Bud raised his eyebrows.
In response to the unasked question, Chip shrugged. “Not interested.”
“That makes one of you,” Bud said with a knowing smile. From the time Chip was in middle school, Bud had grown accustomed to the many anonymous giggling phone calls that ended in hang-ups and, later, when Chip was a teenager, there had been the parade of teenage girls showing up at the front door and doing everything short of a front lawn serenade.
Not for the first time, Bud wondered what Chip was interested in. Minus the praying and the robes, Chip was living like a monk. Chip kept busy with working, writing, eating and sleeping, but there were no women—or men, for that matter.
It had flitted through Bud’s mind that maybe Chip was gay, but he had quickly dismissed that idea. Over the years, Bud had seen too many examples of Chip hound-dogging after girls.
Bud wondered if Chip’s lack of interest in dating had anything to do with Chip’s previous romantic involvement with Eve Hargrove. Eve was in jail and, as far as Bud knew, Chip had had no further contact with her. Bud wondered if Chip had fallen harder for Eve than he let on.
Bud’s cell phone rang. He glanced at the display and, at the sight of his partner’s name, his face lit up. Not even trying to hide his excitement, Bud answered the phone. “Jenson!”
“Hey Bud,” Jenson said, “6100 block of South 54th Avenue.”
“On my way,” Bud said, hanging up. Instead of the proverbial pot-of-gold at the end of the rainbow, Bud knew that this phone call would lead him to a corpse. It was one of Bud’s restricted work days, so he knew that Jenson was taking a risk by calling him to inspect a new crime scene.
Within twenty minutes, Bud was standing in the middle of Baseline Road in South Phoenix. Police tape and barriers blocked off the crime scene as Bud and Jenson examined a 2005 Toyota Camry that held the bloody remains of a Hispanic man who lay sprawled across the console. The dead man’s right hand was reaching toward the passenger side where his brains were splattered—just out of reach of his fingertips. His outstretched hand gave the impression that he had been reaching for what was left of his brain—as if he was attempting to re-pack it back inside of what was left of his skull. Except there was not much left of his skull, which was gone to the point of decapitation—blown into shards of bone, blobs of grey matter and red chunks.
Bud eyed the swarm of onlookers that Jenson referred to as the vehicularly challenged rubberneckers. They milled around, pressing up against the police barriers as they angled for better cell phone shots of the dead man. Bud noticed that some of the onlookers had the decency to pretend like they weren’t angling for a better view while the indecent ones didn’t care—they were pressing forward in the hopes of getting that close-up shot that they could sell to the news agencies.
Bud glanced over, his eyes meeting Gary Lee’s eyes. They exchanged a look of understanding and each looked away. Gary Lee was one of the crime scene photographers. As the other photographer took photos of the victim and the actual crime scene, Gary Lee focused on getting photos of the gawkers. Using a low-profile camera and shooting from the hip, Gary was a master of making sure that he had photographs of every person who came within eye-shot.
Bud watched with satisfaction as a police officer forced two of the more aggressive amateur paparazzi to move from the area. Mothers shooed younger kids away while the older kids refused to be budged. Everyone stared in morbid fascination at the dead man.
Jenson nodded at the Camry and said, “My sister has one of these, but a hybrid. She claims it gets forty miles to the gallon—but she also claims she loves her husband.”
Jenson was forty-six and stood slim and slight at five-foot-eight. An ex-Marine and crack shot, he had a scathing intelligence perfectly disguised under the appearance of a dapper dandy. His outfits were startling combinations of pastel hues that were daringly combined with expensive oxfords and straw fedoras with colorful hat-bands. If anyone was stupid enough to underestimate Jenson—they only did it once. Jenson was a first-rate weapon wrapped in pretty pink paper.
Bud frowned. “Gang-style shooting on a non-gang-style man. No colors, no paraphernalia. The car doesn’t fit. His shoes are ready for a nine-to-five job and, look, he’s even got creases in his pants—very W-2.”
“I think our man was in the process of supplementing his income,” Jenson said, “or he stole the Camry from the wrong guy. Neighbors heard three shots. He was there,” Jenson pointed to a stop sign intersection. “No witnesses, of course.”
Bud scanned the faces in the crowd, looking for someone who didn’t belong, which he didn’t find. He glanced at Gary Lee, who was winding his way through the crowd. Bud turned to examine the windows of the homes that looked out onto the street. A face in one of the windows disappeared behind what looked like a bed sheet that doubled as window blinds. Bud nodded to the house, “Number seventeen.”
Jenson’s eyes followed Bud’s and he gave a barely perceptible nod. “I’ll check it out.” A police officer walked over and said, “Car registered to a Jose Espillito in Gilbert.” Jenson said to Bud, “Who our perp may or may not be.”
“Perp? Don’t you mean victim?” Bud said, knowing that Jenson didn’t make that kind of mistake.
“He was a victim,” Jenson said, “until we took a gander in the trunk.”
They walked to the back of the car, where Bud stared down into the open trunk, which held a variety of coolers that looked like they had seen better days. They were all wedged in and Bud counted seven.
“Oh boy,” Bud said grimly.
Jenson snapped on medical gloves and opened the lid of one of the coolers.
Bud drew in a sharp breath.
A brown eye stared up at him. More specifically, one eyeball with a brown iris, bloodshot sclera and an optic nerve trailing behind it like a small monster, stared up at him. The eyeball was in a plastic bag that looked medically specialized to hold its small cargo. Another bag contained what looked like a large, healthy human liver, still slick with blood. Wedged between the liver and the cooler interior was a plastic bag that held the telltale coffee-bean-shaped kidney—except theses coffee beans were also slick with blood.
The hairs on the back of Bud’s neck prickled and he said, “Can’t be satanic. Even the devil doesn’t need this much. It has to be the black market.”
“Or the loved ones of a particularly ambitious psychopath,” Jenson said.
“She’s locked up,” Bud said drily, thinking about Eve Hargrove and her penchant for cutting organs out of the bodies of her so-called loved ones.
“Gad,” Jenson said in mock exasperation. “What I’d give for the good old days when a liver in a cooler meant a cow had gone belly up in honor of an old-fashioned satanic cult killing.” “Transplant tourism,” Bud said, shaking his head. “Like sunshine and golf aren’t enough.” In the last ten years, the illegal black market trade of human organs had grown faster than a malignant melanoma on the underbelly of Phoenix.
“How many people?” Jenson said, nodding at the coolers. “I’m guessing ten—maybe more?”
“If the shooting had anything to do with this,” Bud said, nodding at the coolers filled with organs, “why didn’t the shooter—or shooters—take the coolers with them?”
“It’s like robbing the bank and leaving behind the money,” Jenson said. “Of course, the shooting could be completely unrelated to this. I doubt it, but there’s always the chance.”
Bud was about to answer, but Jenson hissed, “Cops!” Startled, Bud looked up and saw that Jenson was eyeing the news vans which were rushing up the street toward the crime scene. Bud shook his head and smiled. It was just like Jenson to remind him of the days when they were kid enough to be scared of the cops, which felt like hundreds of years ago.
“You better git while the gittin is good,” Jenson said, “I’ll call you later with any updates.”
Bud’s smile disappeared and he scowled at the approaching news van. He hated that he had to leave and he especially hated that Jenson was risking his neck professionally so that Bud could have eyes on the crime scene.
“It’s only temporary,” Jenson said. “Till your doctor gives you the green light—”
Bud gave Jenson a curt nod and headed to his car. Bud knew that Jenson meant well, but it grated on his nerves whenever Jenson tried to cheer him up. For all that Bud knew, his doctor might never give him the green light to return to working full-time.
Bud reached his car just as a coroner’s van pulled in front of his car, blocking him from leaving. Bud got in the car and pulled down the car’s sun visor to partially hide his face from any news cameras. Bud caught a glimpse of himself in the sun visor’s mirror and winced at the weather-beaten face that stared back at him. Startled, he realized that even his blue eyes were starting to fade to something less vibrant than they had once been. A deep sadness filled his soul and, for a moment, he slumped down, feeling weary and beaten.
The coroner’s van door opened, and a handsome 20-something man jumped out and gave a long, luxurious stretch. Bud glanced over, irritated. The young man was strong and agile. Bud eyed the man as he fought to push down his own bitterness—and jealousy.
I have socks older than that kid!
The young man, as if sensing that he was being watched, swung his gaze in Bud’s direction and grinned.
Flushing with shame, Bud gestured for him to move his van and, with a frown, the younger man got back into his van and did so.
Bud sat in his car, musing about his own lost youth—and health. He had once been young and strong. Now, in what seemed like a blink of an eye, he was grey-haired, fading and living in fear that his boss might catch him at a crime scene—like he was some kind of truant school-kid!
Anger flashed through him. Without stopping to analyze his actions, Bud shut off the car’s engine and walked with a purposeful stride back to the crime scene. He found his way to the open trunk of the Camry and stared down at the open cooler containing the eyeball, the liver and the kidney. The brown iris stared upward, devoid of all emotion. The eyeball was simply a stolen body part—it no longer had the power to express or to silently implore for help. Bud tried to envision the person to whom it had belonged and, although he couldn’t do it, he did get a sense of the human being who had been maliciously snatched away from their life and loved ones.
With relief, Bud felt that familiar hunger for the hunt rise up in his soul. His pulse quickened and his mind raced at the thought of tracking down the killer who thought that he—or she—had the right to perform such an atrocity. To steal someone’s organs for—what? Money!
Bud felt his soul burst into flames of anger like it was dry tinder responding to a carelessly tossed lit match. His blue eyes flashed brighter and his lips tightened into a thin, hard line of determination. He silently made the owner of the lone brown iris a promise—
I will hunt down the degenerate that did this to you.
Like a gift from God—an answered prayer—Bud felt a sense of power surge through him. Bud knew that the need for the hunt was the best part of him. Being a man was no longer the tender part—loving Bunnie and being a good family man. Being a man was now all tied up with his need for the hunt. And to keep his manhood, Bud knew that if he would have to fight to keep that part of him alive.
A female news reporter who knew Bud from the many cases he had worked on over the years rushed up to him and shoved a microphone into his face. “Detective Orlean—”
Bud slammed the trunk of the car and glanced up at the body of Jose Espillito, which was now covered with a sheet. Bud frowned, knowing that he needed to retreat, but finding that he couldn’t. He stood there, staring at her perfectly lipsticked mouth as she worked over words that were meaningless.
Jenson had been examining the inside of the car and hadn’t noticed that Bud had returned. At the sound of Bud’s name, Jenson turned, his eyes widening in surprise at the sight of the news camera in Bud’s face. In one fluid movement, Jenson was at Bud’s side, diverting the reporter’s attention away from Bud and onto himself as he led them away.
Alone, Bud walked back to his car. He took a deep breath, feeling intensely grateful that he could still feel the hunger for the hunt.
Dear Lord, grant me the time, the strength and the skill—to bring the murderer to justice.
Bud’s prayer was answered with a sudden surge of chest pain. Gasping, Bud doubled over, gripping his chest and clutching at his car as he slid to the ground. With difficulty, he dug into his fanny pack and struggled to get a nitro pill under his tongue.
Sweating and trembling, Bud waited as the nitro pill slowly forced back the crushing pressure on his chest. When the pain eased, Bud struggled to his feet, got into his car and drove home.

Chapter 7
If Mama ain’t happy, ain’t nobody happy. Southern Saying
Enid darted out the main entrance of the school, her stomach churning with adrenaline and fear. She jerked her hoodie up to hide her face from any teachers who might be glancing out of their classroom windows. She was determined to evade the policeman and Stuckley who were both waiting for her in the principal’s office. Keeping her eyes glued on the chain-link fence that led to the road, Enid tried not to run, but found that she was running. Enid took comfort in the fact that she wasn’t alone. The sound of Micki’s worn-out Keds slapped at the pavement behind her.
“Hurry up, slow-poke!” Micki hissed, darting past Enid, who was fast, but not as fast as Micki. Nobody was as fast as Micki. Even with her two-buck chuck Keds and the things making her top-heavy, Micki would occasionally amuse herself by taking off after the track team as they headed out for their run. On more than one occasion, Micki had left the startled track runners gaping in astonishment as she raced past them with a wicked grin.
Panting, Enid struggled to keep up with Micki, who was quickly a half a city block ahead of her. When Enid reached the bus stop on the corner of Dunlap and Central, Micki was already impatiently waiting for her. Micki stood inside the alcove of the nearby Urgent Care entrance, so that they had a perfect view of the bus stop without being easily spotted from the street.
Enid bent over, clutching her side as she gasped, “Well, that wasn’t suspicious.”
“I don’t know why they call it skipping,” Micki said with a shrug. “They should call it running.”
Enid scanned the street and the school, which was within sight. “We’re too close. Isn’t there another bus stop?”
“You promised!” Micki snapped. “If you want the money—you do it my way.”
Enid opened her mouth to speak, but Micki interrupted her. “You break your promise—I will titty-punch you back into a training bra.”
Enid grimaced, knowing that Micki was as good as her word.
“Besides,” Micki said, “the bus will be here in five minutes and it’s the bus that takes us straight to the money.”
Fifteen minutes earlier, when Enid and Micki had been eating lunch with Claire, the last thing Enid would have imagined was that she and Micki would be planning their escape from school—and Phoenix. The loudspeaker had demanded that Enid go to the principal’s office, so she had gone and Micki had walked with her.
The stern-faced secretary who usually sat at her desk outside of the principal’s office was not there. Enid had been about to sit down when she heard a strange voice from within the principal’s office say her name. Enid moved closer to the partially opened door of the principal’s office. In the reflection of the glass on a framed motivational poster, Enid saw Stuckley talking to a policeman.
At the sight of the policeman, Enid’s heart plummeted straight down to her size-eight Converse sneakers. In horror, Enid listened as Stuckley told the policeman and Mr. Brown, the principal, that Enid Iglowski had told her that her father was trying to murder her for insurance money.
Enid listened as Mr. Brown interrupted, “Isn’t she the one that broke the cheerleader’s nose on her first day of school?”
“That’s why she’s in counseling,” Stuckley said. “Court-ordered.”
Mr. Brown said, “Are you sure this kid doesn’t have some undiagnosed mental disorder?
I mean, besides the ones you already told me about.”
Scowling, Enid looked at Micki, who gave her a less than reassuring “well, yeah” look.
Stuckley said, “I have a legal responsibility to report accusations of this kind—especially if the child is in danger. That’s why I didn’t wait to talk to you before I called the police.”
Enid’s scowl deepened at the label of “child” being applied to her.
Mr. Brown said, “I don’t need a lecture on our legal responsibilities, Dr. Stuckley—” Stuckley said, “I’ve called Enid’s father and he’ll be here any moment—”
Enid reeled backwards and bumped into Micki so hard that she almost knocked her over.
Enid grabbed Micki’s arm and dragged her down the hallway and toward the exit.
Seeing what Enid was planning to do, Micki came to an abrupt stop. “No way am I skipping, Enid! If I get in any more trouble, my mom swore up and down that she’s gonna sign me up for working the early shift at Dunkin’ Donuts, which is two in the morning—I ain’t doin' it!”
“I have to get out of here!” Enid said, her stomach churning with fear at the thought of facing Jack. She had seen the life insurance policy with her own eyes—one million dollars to be paid to Jack once she was dead. As much as it seemed impossible to believe—she did believe it. “Don’t you see?” Enid said. “He never wanted me! Me—dead—solves all his problems!”
“What if you’re wrong?” Micki said. “Maybe you should do like Claire says—talk to him.”
“He’s trying to kill me!” Enid said, trembling with emotion. “I have to get out of here!” “Where are you going to go?” Micki said. “You can’t go home—”
Enid’s eyes lit up. “California!”
“California?” Micki said, her eyes glowing with enthusiasm and respect. “For real?” Enid nodded, licking her lips, which felt dry as blistered paint. “I’ll start everything new.
I already did it once—when I came here from Florida. I can do it again.” “I wanna go!” Micki said.
Enid stared at her, surprised.
“You’re broke,” Micki said, “and I can get us at least a couple hundred bucks.” Enid shook her head and said, “But—”
“I’m coming with you,” Micki said, her eyes harder than the cutting edge of an axe.
Enid eyed Micki and something made her ask, “Getting the money—will it be dangerous?”
“Not wearing shoes to bed is dangerous,” Micki said with a grim smile. “Getting money is easy.”
Enid stared at Micki as the full import of her words broke over her like a shockwave. Enid took a ragged breath. She wanted to say something, but only bit her lip and looked away, pretending to stare at something up the street. Enid knew that the only reason anyone needed to wear shoes to bed at night was because you had to be ready to run. Enid wondered who Micki had to run from, but she was too scared to ask. She wasn’t even sure she wanted to know. Enid hesitated and then said, “That’s why you learned to run so fast.”
“You don’t learn,” Micki said, “you just do.” Enid nodded, unsure what to say.
“I got nothing I won’t mind never looking at again,” Micki said. “We get the money today—we can get on a bus for California today, right?”
Enid wondered if she could go back to the apartment to pack some clothes, but, even knowing that Jack was on his way to the school, she didn’t want to risk running into him.
Micki said. “You’re not going to punk out on me, are you?”
Enid looked at Micki and was startled at the intensity shining in her eyes.
Micki spit into the palm of her hand and held it out. “You have to do what I say for the next couple of hours—till we get the money—and then we get on a bus to Cali. Deal?”
Enid frowned, images of her and Micki holding up a gas station danced through her head.
“Nothing illegal, right?”
“It’s legal enough,” Micki said, hand still out. “Promise me.”
Enid hesitated and then shook Micki’s hand, wondering what “legal enough” meant. “Spit,” Micki said.
“Oh,” Enid said, working up a wad of spit and hocking it into her palm. She held out her hand.
“Jesus,” Micki said, “I didn’t need the Christmas-turkey-to-end-all-turkeys-of-spit-balls.” “Sorry,” Enid went to wipe it off, but Micki grabbed her hand and shook it.
“You’re okay, Iglowski,” Micki said in a gruff voice. “Don’t worry, because once we hit California, ain’t either one of us going to suck dick or be a Ho. We’ll get jobs, get a place and— we’ll make it.”
Enid nodded as she pictured California shimmering in the distance like a magical land where Micki could sleep in peace and Jack would never be able to find her. Enid glanced at Micki and was filled with emotion that she was too scared to put into words. Unable to say what she really felt, Enid grinned and decided to make Micki laugh. Feigning innocence, Enid said, “So, does that mean we can suck dicks voluntarily?”
They both burst into laughter, and that’s when they made their escape from Sunnyslope High.
Standing in the Urgent Care alcove, Enid saw the bus making its lumbering turn from Central onto Dunlap.
“It’s about time,” Enid said, hurrying toward the bus stop where they stood, waiting impatiently for the bus. “Where are we going?”
“County hospital,” Micki said. “My mom is there and—that’s where the money is.” Enid looked at her, surprised. “You never told me your mom is a nurse.”
“She’s not. She’s a patient,” Micki said without meeting Enid’s eyes.
Enid hesitated, unsure. Micki hadn’t said a word about her mom being in the hospital. “Is she okay?”
Micki shrugged. “If okay means jaundice-yellow and crapping black coffee grinds, then yeah, she’s okay.”
Enid made a face.
Micki patted the front pocket of her jeans. “I promised mom I’d bring her smokes, so that’s our in.”
“You can’t take her cigarettes,” Enid said, frowning. “She’s sick.”
“She ain’t there ‘cause of her lungs. Not this time, at least,” Micki said. “Turns out you shouldn’t be washing down Tylenol with a gallon of screwdrivers.”
Enid grimaced, thinking of her own mother back in Florida who did everything but brush her teeth with vodka. After a moment, Enid said, “How long has she been in the hospital?”
“Long enough,” Micki said.
Enid said, “So, if we take your mom cigarettes— she’ll give you the money?”
Micki laughed. “You are so Hello Kitty! Dumber than a baby tomato bounced off the truck.”
Enid scowled and said, “Well, if she’s not going to give you the money—what? We steal it?”
The bus pulled up and the door opened.
A bus driver with love handles that threatened to start their own zip-code gave them skeptical up-and-down. “Shouldn’t you two be in school?”
Micki showed her bus pass and said, “Our mom is in the hospital. We got special permission from the school to go to County Hospital.”
The bus driver said, “Don’t suppose you have that in writing?”
“Nope,” Micki said, still holding out her pass as Enid dug for change to feed the meter. With a sigh, the driver hooked her thumb for them to sit.
Within twenty minutes, Enid and Micki were at Maricopa Integrated Health System, which Phoenicians refer to as County Hospital.
Enid hurried to keep up with Micki, who moved through the hospital like she’d been their many times before. Once in Micki’s mother’s hospital room, Enid sat perched on the edge of the visitor’s chair, trying not to look as uncomfortable as she felt. It was a double room and a Hispanic woman lay in the next bed, softly snoring.
Micki’s mother, Rose Buckbee, glared at them with eyes harder than a bucket of rusty nails. Rose was thirty-four and it would take a hell of an imagination to remember a day when she was pretty, but she had been pretty. Drinking, smoking and hard living had left her with a barrel gut, leather skin and eyes cold as penguin’s piss.
Rose pinched her Pall Mall cigarette between two nicotine-stained fingers as she eyed Micki. “Early shift at Dunkin’ Donuts starts at 2:00 in the morning. You up to that, Mick?”
Chin lifted in defiance, Micki said, “School let out early—’cause of a bomb scare.” Rose gestured toward the phone, “I can check that crock of shit with one phone call.” “Go ahead!” Micki said, scowling.
Rose pulled a twenty-dollar bill out of her massive bra and held it out to Micki. “Closest Circle K is one block south. Bring me back some juice and I got amnesia ‘bout the the whole bomb scare thing.”
Micki jumped up and grabbed the twenty and shoved it in her pocket. “The doctor said drinking is killing your liver. Yesterday you were yellow and crapping tar and now you’re trying to send me out for alcohol. What do you have—a death wish?”
Rose made a scoffing sound. “Jaundice and black crap ain’t going to scare me off the juice, kid. When you grow up and walk into the shit-storm that’s waiting for you out there,” Rose waved her cigarette at the window, “you’ll be chink-yellow and shittin’ black too.”
A nurse walked in, glowering at the smoke billowing from Rose’s nostrils. “Mrs.
Buckbee, for the last time—there is no smoking in the hospital!”
Rose gave a “who cares” face and said, “Don’t you have an ass to wipe, Nurse Ratchett?” “That’s it!” the nurse said, turning on her heels and marching out. “I’m calling security.”
Rose said to Micki, “Better tell me what you’re really here for, Mick—before security takes me to hospital jail.”
“Jerry sent me over,” Micki said. “He told me it’s an emergency and he needs the money—all of it.”
“Which one are you?” Rose said, stabbing her cigarette in Enid’s direction. “You the smart one or the one who strangled a pervert with your bra?”
Micki flushed red and shot Enid an apologetic look. Before Enid could respond, Micki said to Rose, “Jerry said he needs the money! He says he needs all of it.”
Rose ignored her and said to Enid, “If you’re the bra strangler—I don’t hold it against you none. He probably deserved it.”
“Mom!” Micki said as she impatiently danced from foot to foot. “I’m telling you that Jerry said—”
“Jerry said, Jerry said,” Rose mimicked scathingly as she reached into her bra and dug out a wad of cash. “You tell Jerry that, first off, he don’t tell me to do nothin’! Then you tell that bag of horse manure that him and me—we—is business partners, and then you tell Jerry that Rose said she wants her cut.”
Micki grabbed the money and planted it deep in her jean pocket.
Rose grabbed Micki’s wrist. “Before you take that cash to Jerry, you bring me back my juice, Mick, or I’ll tar your hide blacker than my loose stool.”
Micki snatched her wrist away and headed to the door.
Enid stood up to follow, but Micki stopped in the doorway. Micki turned around with a funny look on her face as she gazed at her mom.
“What?” Rose said, suspicious.
Micki walked back to her mom and bent down, planted a kiss on her cheek. “Bye, mom.”
A smile broke out on Rose’s face. “Look at you!” Rose grabbed Micki in a bear hug. “My little girl is still my baby, don’t I know it!”
Before Micki could pull back, Rose reached into Micki’s jean pocket and yanked out the wad of cash. With triumph in her eyes, Rose shoved the money down the backside of her butt.
Micki stared at her in astonishment.
Cigarette hanging precariously from her lower lip, Rose still managed a wry smile. “Good try, Mick, but not good enough to fool your mama. You got me on the ‘Jerry says’ bit, if that makes you feel better. My advice to you, kid, is if you’re going to run away, then just fuckin’ run. Don’t come back kissin' and sayin' goodbye like you’re on some shitty Mexican soap opera.”
Sputtering furiously, Micki made a lunge for the money that was now securely planted between Rose’s butt and the hospital bed.
“Too late,” Rose said, shoving Micki away. “You try for that money and you’ll be puttin' your hand where the sun don’t shine.”
“I need that money!” Micki said.
Rose eyed her thoughtfully as she blew smoke from her nostrils. “Please,” Micki whispered.
After several moments, Rose sighed and pulled out the cash. She peeled off three twenties. “That’ll get you to LaLaLand, which I suppose is where you two knuckleheads are heading.”
Enid’s eyes widened in surprise that Rose had guessed their plans so easily.
Micki took the three twenties, but her eyes remained glued to the wad of cash in her mother’s hand. “I need all of it, Mom.”
Rose patted Micki’s hip and said, “Now you can give me a real goodbye—not that bullshit you were shoveling on me like I’m too stupid to live.”
Micki hesitated, but then bent down and hugged her mom.
Rose hugged Micki back with an intensity that made Enid think that Micki’s mom did love her daughter. Enid thought she caught a glimpse of a tear in Rose’s eye, but as soon as she saw it, it was gone.
“Get outta here, kid,” Rose said, shoving Micki toward the door. “Don’t take any wooden nickels.”
Micki stumbled toward the door, her eyes clouding up with tears.
Enid stepped aside and let Micki pass out the door. Enid looked at Rose and attempted a polite smile. “Nice meeting you, Mrs. Buckbee.”
Rose jabbed her cigarette at Enid and said, “I served my time in LaLaLand and if any of those bastards tell you to talk into the mike and they pull out the yogurt cannon—just remember—you’re a lady! Pull up your knickers, steal their wallet and get the hell out of there!”
Enid gave a weak smile, turned and ran. She followed Micki, who ignored the elevator and ran into the stairwell. Enid followed her and they clamored down the echoing stairwell.
Micki stopped and turned on Enid angrily. “What’d she tell you?”
Enid hesitated and then said, “She said—be careful of—suspicious people.” “She said that?” Micki said, frowning.
“Not quite in those words,” Enid said.
Micki made a face and pushed out the exit door and into the bright sunshine. “At least we got sixty bucks.”
“Hey,” Enid said, frowning with the effort as she struggled over her next words. Micki spun on her, furious. “Shut up!”
Enid opened her mouth to speak, but Micki interrupted her.
“I know what you’re gonna do!” Micki said. “You’re gonna try to say something nice about my mom and you’re going to try and make me feel better—”
“No way!” Enid lied. She was suddenly glad that Micki had stopped her from saying something stupid. Enid met Micki’s eyes and said, “Your mom—total bitch.”
Micki’s jaw dropped.
“What?” Enid said. “Now you’re going to tell me how nice your mom is? My dad is trying to kill me! So who cares if you’re mom is—”
“I can call her a bitch!” Micki snapped. “You can’t.”
“We need to get to a bus station,” Enid said, glad to change the subject.
Micki fanned out the three twenties in her hand, shook her head. “I don’t even know if this is enough for our bus tickets—”
Enid’s face lit up. “I know where we can get more money.”
“Where?” Micki said, suspicious. “Claire,” Enid said.
Micki laughed. “Ms. Goody-two-shoes? You’re crazy! Claire ain’t gonna help us.” Remembering something, Enid said, “Who’s Jerry?”
“The Avon man!” Micki said, sarcastically. “Believe me—that loser can’t help us.”
Enid said, “We can take a bus to Claire’s house, borrow clothes, get food, and she’ll lend us money. It’s a simple plan,” Enid said, feeling suddenly confident. “Besides,” Enid said with a grin, “what could possibly go wrong?”

Chapter 8
Not my circus. Not my monkeys. Polish Proverb
Jack stared at Officer Carlson, too stunned to speak. After several moments, Jack shook his head as if to clear it. “Let me get this straight,” he said, speaking slowly, “Enid told her school counselor that I’m planning to murder her? For insurance money?”
“That’s what your daughter said,” Officer Carlson said. He was a wiry man with oversized knuckles and the bad habit of popping them in awkwardly silent rooms, which he was currently doing.
“We’re talking about Enid Ivie Rose Iglowski, correct?” Jack said, hoping that there was the tiniest chance that they had the wrong kid.
“That’s her,” Officer Carlson said.
Jack eyed the three people who were all watching him expectantly. The principal, Mr. Brown, and Dr. Stuckley were eyeing him like he was Phoenix’s newest serial killer. Officer Carlson was treating him better. He was only eyeing Jack like he was Phoenix’s newest layer of scum.
Jack’s anger mixed with his exasperation. He couldn’t figure out what was worse—that these dimwits thought that he was going to kill his idiot daughter for insurance money or that they actually believed his idiot daughter’s insane story.
Dr. Stuckley said to Jack, “Enid claims that she has proof that you’re planning to murder her—for a one-million-dollar insurance policy, which she saw with her own eyes.”
It flashed through Jack’s mind that no wonder Enid wasn’t making progress—her counselor was a fucking moron. Jack examined Stuckley’s face, making a conscious effort to not let his gaze drop to her low-cut blouse. The top button was undone, which was giving everyone in the room an unexpectedly beautiful view. Jack said, “What is this—your first day on the job? You don’t know the truth from a kid spinning a story to get attention—or get out of class?”
Dr. Stuckley said, “Enid claims that she has proof.”
Jack looked around the small room as if looking for Enid. “So, where is my little bundle of joy—and her ‘proof’?”
Mr. Brown said, “We made an announcement over twenty minutes ago for her to report to the principal’s office.”
Jack made a disparaging “you gotta be kidding me” sound and shook his head, knowing Enid’s penchant for disappearing. “She’s gone.”
Mr. Brown frowned. “Another announcement was made—requesting two of Enid’s friends to report to my office.”
A polite “I’m here” cough came from the door. Jack looked over and saw a pretty Poindexter-girl with big brown eyes behind even bigger glasses. The girl was clenching her school books to her chest like they were bulletproof armor.
Mr. Brown gestured for her to enter. “Come in, Claire.”
Claire stepped into the room and said, “I hope this is important, Mr. Brown. I’m missing a review of the Kreb’s cycle.”
Mr. Brown said, “Claire, this is Enid’s father, Mr. Fox.”
Jack and Claire stared at each other, both remaining silent and unmoving. Mr. Brown said to Claire, “Have you seen Enid today?”
Claire said, “I saw her at lunch.”
Mr. Brown said, “Do you know where Enid is now?” “No,” Claire said, gripping her books tighter.
As Mr. Brown questioned Claire, Jack pulled out his cell phone and said to Officer Carlton, “I’m going to try Enid again.”
Officer Carlton nodded and then split his attention between Mr. Brown’s conversation with Claire and Dr. Stuckley’s cleavage.
Jack dialed Enid’s number and, when she didn't answer, he left a message. “Enid, dear, I am in the principal’s office. To my great surprise, your principal, your counselor and the police are all under the impression that I am out to murder you for insurance money. I, personally, am assuming that you have had a stroke or that you have completely lost your mind!” Jack’s voice had inadvertently gotten louder and, looking around, he lowered his voice and continued, “I would greatly appreciate it if you get your butt down here to clear this up.”
After he hung up, Jack turned to Officer Carlson and said, “Enid’s gone. If she shows up—you know how to contact me. Are we done?”
“You’re not leaving!” Dr. Stuckley stepped forward, scowling. “We need to get this resolved.”
Jack said, “Let me clue you in, Ms.—” “Doctor Stuckley,” she said crisply.
“Enid flew the coop,” Jack said. “She’ll turn up in a couple of days and, if we’re lucky, maybe she won’t kill anybody.”
Dr. Stuckley gasped in horror. “What kind of father are you?”
“The realistic kind,” Jack said. “If you want my advice, sit back, fasten your seatbelt and wait till she surfaces. Trust me, Enid’s a force of nature—like a haboob—you can’t get rid of her.”
Dr. Stuckley stepped forward and jabbed her finger into Jack’s chest. “If anything happens to Enid, I’m going to bring the full power of the law down on your head!”
Jack met her eyes and gave her a slow, cool smile. He nodded downward and said, “Your button’s undone.”
Without missing a beat, Dr. Stuckley said, “So’s your fly.”
Jack resisted the urge to look down, but he did notice that everyone’s eyes were moving between her cleavage and his crotch. Jack suppressed a grin. He knew when he was outgunned and, in his book, there was nothing sexier than a smart woman. Jack turned to Officer Carlson, “If Enid shows up, you’ll be my first call.”
Officer Carlson handed Jack a business card, “Make sure of that.”
Taking the business card, Jack said to Dr. Stuckley, “Did you want to give me your number? I can make sure you’re my second call.”
Dr. Stuckley's glare travelled from Jack to Officer Carlson. “That’s it? This guy threatens to kill his daughter and that’s all you’re going to do? Can’t you lock him up till we find Enid?”
“I didn’t threaten Enid,” Jack said, “and this “murder plot” is a figment of my daughter’s overblown imagination. When Enid turns up, we’ll straighten it out. Until then, there’s nothing we can do. Now, if you’ll excuse me—” Jack said, attempting to move past her.
To his shock, Dr. Stuckley shoved Jack backwards into the wall so hard that he heard his teeth rattle. His back pressed against the wall, Jack was about to break free when he thought better of it. Dr. Stuckley’s right arm was positioned across his chest and she had him pinned to the wall. Her lips were so close that Jack could see that she wore lip-liner that didn’t quite match her lipstick—and she didn’t have any cavities.
Mr. Brown said, “Dr. Stuckley!”
Officer Carlson popped his knuckles, but remained strangely still.
“Obsession,” Jack said softly, so that only the good doctor would hear his words. Dr. Stuckley’s eyes flickered angrily, albeit a little unsure.
“Your perfume,” Jack said. “It suits you.” Jack breathed in her scent, enjoying her nearness. It was the same perfume his ex-wife had always worn and, despite all the bad times, the scent also roused memories of all the good times.
Dr. Stuckley said, “If you so much as look wrong at Enid—I will make you regret the day that you were born.”
Jack grinned, unable to hide the fact that he was enjoying the proximity.
As if reading his thoughts, Dr. Stuckley scowled and stepped back, releasing her hold on Jack.
“You have beautiful eyes, Dr. Stuckley,” Jack said with an admiring look.
“Pig!” Dr. Stuckley said, glaring at him like she wanted to flay him open and roast him on a spit.
Jack shrugged and turned to leave, but he hesitated. He turned around and said to Claire, “You’re Enid’s friend—the smart one?”
Claire lifted her chin, nodded.
Jack said. “If Enid contacts you—”
“I know what to do,” Claire said, her voice cold.
Taken aback, Jack gave Claire a second look. She was contemplating him like he was a particularly vile strain of cockroach.
Tough room.
Jack shook his head and headed out the door. He would have liked to stay pinned against the wall a little longer, especially with the doc that hot and angry. She wasn’t his type, but he liked that she had never bothered to look down to check her button. Jack glanced around to make sure that no one was looking and, determining that he was alone, he reached down to make sure his fly was up.
It was.
For now.

Chapter 9
We cannot tear out a single page of our life, but we can throw the whole book in the fire. George Sand
Driving home from the Espillito crime scene, Bud turned over in his mind the image of the dead man in the front seat—as well as the eyeball, liver and kidney—not to mention all of the other closed coolers in the trunk that, no doubt, were also filled with more organs. He hated leaving a crime scene before he was able to do a complete assessment. Ever since his new boss had demanded that he only work three days a week—with the threat of forced early retirement if he didn’t comply—Bud had felt physically and mentally hobbled. The situation was making it nearly impossible for him to do his job to the best of his abilities. The knowledge that a murderer was walking the Phoenix streets and living a life that he or she didn’t deserve, always made Bud’s blood boil with fury—and frustration.
Hands aching, Bud realized that he was clenching the steering wheel. Loosening his grip, Bud shook his head in disgust at his own stupidity. Going back to the crime scene and getting caught on camera was a stupid move—and Bud wasn’t used to making stupid moves. If his boss got wind of him working a case on one of his mandatory off-days, which was today, his current three-day workweek would plummet to zero days, which would be a fate worse than death.
Bud’s new boss, Bram Wilson, was Maricopa County’s attempt at giving the Phoenix police force a new image. As far as Bud was concerned, Bram was a shiny-suit, snot-nosed kid who was more concerned about the legal ramifications of slippery floors than he was about catching killers. Wilson had already given Bud two written warnings for working more than the mandated three days per week and Bud knew that the next infraction would be the final straw.
Bud turned into the driveway of his house and parked. As he was walking to the front door, Chip pulled up in a used Honda that he had recently purchased with the money that he had earned as a waiter.
Bud stood and waited for Chip to lock the car and meet him at the front door. Bud tried to smile at him, but couldn’t. Instead of being a cardiologist, Chip was slinging hash and wasting his time writing. It gave Bud a very specific pain in his heart every time he thought about how Chip was chasing a dream that was, at best, a long shot.
“Hey, Pops,” Chip said cheerfully.
“More kissing?” Bud said, pointing to Chip’s left ear, which sparkled with pink glitter.
“What?” Chip said, frowning as he wiped his hand against his ear.
“The girl with the glitter lipstick,” Bud said. “It looks like she’s trying to turn your ear into a discotheque.”
“Discotheque,” Chip said as he wiped at his ear. “There’s a word you don’t hear too much anymore.”
“How was work?” Bud said, getting the key to the front door out of his pocket. “Couldn’t be better,” Chip said, patting his front pocket, which bulged with bills. “Humph,” Bud said, reaching out to insert the key in the front door lock. To his surprise, the door was not only unlocked, it swung open on its own. Startled, Bud shot Chip a questioning look.
“Wasn’t me,” Chip said. “I locked it.”
Frowning, Bud pushed the door open and cautiously walked in. From upstairs came a sound like someone had dropped something.
Bud gestured for Chip to stay quiet and remain where he was. Bud eased his gun from his shoulder holster, flipped the safety off and stealthily moved forward. He glanced into the living room and kitchen as he went, verifying that they were empty. Heart pounding, Bud made his way to the stairs, careful to avoid the two steps that squeaked.
Feeling Chip’s presence behind him, Bud stopped and curtly gestured for Chip to go back downstairs and wait for him.
Chip gave a determined shake of his head. He was also gripping a baseball bat that he had gotten from the hallway closet.
There was another sound, which came from behind the closed door of Bud’s bedroom.
Gun in hand, Bud reached the top of the stairs, where they could hear someone moving around in Bud’s bedroom. It sounded like someone was rifling through his dresser, looking for cash or jewelry. Bud took position on one side of the door and gestured for Chip to take position on the opposite side. Chip flattened himself against the wall and gripped the baseball bat above his shoulder, ready to swing.
Taking a deep breath, Bud stealthily reached out and turned the bedroom door knob. Very slowly, he pushed the door open. He flattened himself against the wall and took a deep breath as he tried to steady his nerves.
“Bud?” A woman’s voice called out. “Is that you?”
Horrified, Bud stood frozen. The blood drained from his face and he felt his legs sway under him, so that he had to stagger against the wall to keep his balance. Even if Alzheimer’s stole everything from him, he would never forget that voice.
“Mom?” Chip said. “What the—?” Chip went into the room and stopped, his words cut short by a strangled scream.
Thinking that Chip was hurt, Bud bounded through the doorway and ran headlong into Chip, who had turned to flee. The force of their collision caused Chip to careen backwards into the room, where he slammed into the bed and slipped to the floor with a thud.
Bud stopped short, staring in horror and disbelief at the sight that met his eyes. Bunnie was draped across the bed wearing only skimpy red lingerie. Her ample flesh muffin-topped over and around the edges of the lace that was strained to the ripping point to keep everything in place.
Bud stared at her, his mouth hanging open in shock.
“Surprise!” Bunnie said, throwing out her arms. “I’m back!” Eyes glued to the floor, Chip attempted to crawl out of the room.
Squealing with joy, Bunnie jumped out of bed and ran at Chip with outstretched arms. “Chip, honey! Oh, how I’ve missed my sweet baby-boy.”
Bunnie tried to hug him, but Chip pushed her away. “Nooooo!”
Arms akimbo, Bunnie shook her head in disappointment as Chip make a speedy getaway. “This is all the welcome I get?” Bunnie shouted after Chip, “Oh, puh-leaze! I’m your mother and this is practically the same as wearing a bathing suit!”
Bud collapsed into a nearby chair. He clicked on the gun’s safety and holstered it. “I could have shot you—!”
Bunnie sprang forward and landed on Bud’s lap, where she wrapped her arms around him and planted a kiss on his frozen lips. “Your Bunnie is back! Whaddya say, Bud? I admit it—I was a real shit, but—seriously, honey, whaddya say? I know you still love me!”
Feeling panicky and claustrophobic, Bud pushed Bunnie off his lap.
Like a cat, Bunnie landed on her feet and returned to the bed, where she stretched out and gave him her best come-hither look. “You like my new look, Bud? I spent two months at a nudist colony and worked through all my body issues. I’ve never felt more alive—or beautiful! Come over here and I’ll show you how beautiful I feel.”
Bud got to his feet and stumbled toward the door with a sick feeling that if he didn’t get out, he would lose his mind.
Bunnie ran after him and grabbed him, pulling him to a stop. “I know I was awful, Bud,” she said, desperation in her eyes, “but we can start over! I promise—it’ll be you and me from here on out. You do love me—I know you do! Don’t fight it. We belong together! Just like old times— we can be happy again. Bud, please!”
Bud broke free of her grasp and somehow made it down the stairs and to the front door. Bunnie was on his heels, pleading and presenting her case, but, in Bud’s ears, all of her words sounded like gibberish.
Bud reached the front door and was on his way out when Bunnie pushed past him and slammed the door shut, trapping him in the hallway. She threw her arms around him and pressed her body to his. As her lips fought to get close to his, Bud felt a stab of pain as he recognized the familiar smell of chocolate chip mint ice cream on her breath.
“No,” Bud said, giving her a weak shove, which only propelled her backwards enough so that she could fall back onto him even harder.
Bunnie wrapped her arms around Bud tightly and, looking up into his eyes, she gave him a penitent look that cut Bud to the quick. “Please, Bud,” she whispered.
“Bunnie,” he said in a low, broken voice even as he felt his heart soften toward her. Despite the betrayal, the pain—he felt his heart lurch forward as if coming awake and he wondered…
Could we start over?
“Bud, I am so sorry. You have to believe me—I never meant to hurt you and I was such a fool!” Bunnie said as tears streamed from her eyes. “I promise—I’ll spend the rest of my life making it up to you.”
Bud felt the last of his resolve slipping away and tender words trembled on his lips, but, not realizing this, Bunnie interrupted him.
“Full disclosure, Bud,” Bunnie said, “I have to tell you this—it’s only fair. I’m broke!
What I didn’t spend on that bastard—he stole! I tell you, every time I think about how he stole every cent of your pension money—why, I could just—! But, don’t you worry, Sugar, your Bunnie got her revenge. There’s a doctor that made boo-coo bucks digging staples out of that bastard’s balls. Did you know that cruise ships have jails? It wasn’t so bad being in the cruise-clink, but it was something awful trying to get back to Phoenix from that floating toilet bowl they call a boat! You forgive your Bunnie, don’t you, Bud? Please, please, please, Bud—you have to forgive me!”
Bud stared at her, speechless.
Bunnie nudged him, worried. “Bud? You okay? You look like you just got your balls stapled.”
“My pension!” Bud gasped, knowing that the divorce had turned his pension into her money, but still —
It’s gone?
“I’m sorry, Bud!” Bunnie said. She jerked her chin toward the sparsely furnished house. “‘Nother disclosure, Honey. All the furniture I took—that’s gone too. While we were on the cruise, Tom’s dirt-bag cousin cleaned out my storage unit and went crack-head crazy-with-a-capital-K and had a yard sale. Your Bunnie is broke. I don’t have enough furniture to make a toothpick. Sooooo, I was sort of hoping that we could hit Ikea and get us some of those Swedish meatballs for dinner and order us some new furniture. I wanna do the living room in red this time.” She squeezed her arms tighter around Bud’s neck and said, “Tell me you still love me, Bud!”
Without realizing what he was doing, Bud shoved her away so violently that she flew backwards and hit her head on the wall.
“Bud!” Bunnie gasped.
Bud jerked the front door open and, grabbing Bunnie, he hurled her out. “Nooooo!” Bunnie yelled as she grabbed the door and held tight.
Bud pried her fingers from the door. “You,” Bud said, prying off the first finger, “can,” second finger, “go,” another finger, “to hell!” Bud pushed Bunnie out the front door.
Bunnie staggered down the sidewalk to the sounds of ripping lace that set her left breast and right buttock free. Bunnie howled, “Bud! You can’t do this to me!”
Bud shut the door and locked it. He leaned against the wall, feeling faint and sick. “Bud!” Bunnie said, pounding on the door, “I’m half-naked! Let me in!”
A stabbing chest pain forced Bud to go digging into his fanny-pack of medications. With shaking hands, he placed the nitro-pill under his tongue. Struggling to breathe, Bud stumbled to the back door to ensure that it was locked. Digging his right fist into his chest in an effort to relieve the pain, Bud slowly and painfully made his way through every room on the first floor, making sure that all of the windows were locked.
From the front door came the sounds of Bunnie’s pounding on the door, ringing the bell over and over and shouting out curses and threats that were jumbled up with pleadings for forgiveness and pledges of love.
Gripping the stairway rail, Bud dragged himself up the stairs. He went to his bedroom where Bunnie’s clothes were strewn across the floor. He gathered them all up and dumped them on the bed. He went to the bathroom and gathered all her toiletries and dumped them onto the bed. Bud opened the window and, returning to the bed, he picked up each article of clothing, shoes and toiletries and, one by one, he hurled them into the front yard. A small monsoon of bras, underwear, and toiletries pelted Bunnie as she darted around the front yard, hurrying to gather them up.
Bunnie quickly put on enough clothes to be decently covered, but not before a handful of curious neighbors had amassed.
Bud carefully aimed one of her heavy MBT shoes so that it wouldn’t hit her, but she somehow ran under it and got clipped in the head. Ignoring her howls of pain and indignation, Bud tossed out a fist full of underwear, some of which got caught on a saguaro and waved in the gentle breeze like a flag.
When everything that belonged to Bunnie was gone from his room, Bud shut the window and locked it. He turned to stare at his empty bed. The nitro pill had taken effect and his chest pain was easing, but another pain, a deeper pain, was getting worse.
Bud’s thoughts raced. He had slowly and painfully come to grips with the fact that Bunnie had left him for another man. He knew that, in time, he would be able to deal with the fact that Bunnie had blown through his hard-earned pension money that had taken him decades to accumulate. But, what he knew was that he would never be able to forgive was that Bunnie had shown up now—when he most needed to hold on to the good memories of her and what they had been together. Bunnie had destroyed even that. This new, horrible woman had shown up and blown apart what was left of the last of his threadbare illusions.
She couldn’t even leave me with that!
The Bunnie he had loved was gone forever. Feeling like he wanted to just get it over with and die, Bud sank into a chair and wept.

Chapter 10
Home is the place where, when you go there, they have to take you in. Robert Frost
“Ewwww!” Enid said, staring in fascinated horror at the wall that was crammed full of framed picture boxes displaying bugs of all sizes, shapes and colors.
Claire, who stood in the doorway of her home, stepped out of the house and shut the front door behind her.
“What’s with all the bugs?” Enid said.
“You can’t come in,” Claire said. “It’s a school night and I have homework and my mom—”
Micki mimicked Claire, “It’s a school night. Ohhh—I’m so scared of my mommy!”
Micki returned to her normal speaking voice and said, “What are you, six?
“I follow rules!” Claire snapped. She turned on Enid and said, “Because of you, I ended up in the principal’s office. Your father is looking for you, the police are looking for you—”
“I have to pee,” Enid said, “Let me in or, as God as my witness,” she glanced down at the neat row of flowers that lined either side of the walk, “I will dog-it on your mom’s petunias.” Micki said, “Hope your mama likes yellow flowers.”
Claire hesitated, then grudgingly let them into the house. “The bathroom is down the hall,” Claire said, pointing. “When you get to the giant purple bug with an orange stripe, make a left and it’s the second door past the mural of the life cycle of scorpions.”
Enid walked down the hallway, staring in wide-eyed respect at the multitude of wicked-looking framed bugs that lined the walls. She spotted the purple bug with the orange stripe and turned left. From behind her, Enid could hear Micki and Claire bickering.
After Enid and Micki had left County Hospital where they had been visiting Micki’s mother, they had taken the bus back to Sunnyslope. Enid had never been to Claire’s house, but she remembered that Claire had conscientiously added her contact information to Enid’s cell phone. Enid Googled Claire’s address and, after she and Micki got off the bus, they had hoofed it to Claire’s front door. It was well after 4:00 o’clock in the afternoon and Enid recalled Claire saying that her mother didn’t get home from work till after 5:00 o’clock, so she figured that they would have time to borrow some money and get out before Claire’s mother came home.
Claire’s home was a huge, sprawling, light-colored brick home with large windows overlooking an equally sprawling front yard of well-tended lush grass, begonias, palm trees and decorative rocks strategically placed to give the sensation of flowing water. Across the street from Claire’s home was Royal Palm Park, which took up a whole city block and was used for walking dogs, playing soccer and the occasional game of cricket.
Claire’s house was filled with classic furniture, thick area rugs covering stone floors and even a tasteful chandelier in the entrance hallway. The walls were decorated with framed groupings of dead bugs, which were displayed throughout the house like fine art.
Enid found the bathroom and, as she sat on the toilet, she found herself staring in unwilling fascination at the wall in front of her, which displayed a group of monster-bugs with evil pincers. Shuddering, she hurriedly finished her business, washed her hands and got out of what she would forever refer to as the monster-bug bathroom.
Once in the hallway, Enid began to walk back to where she had come from, but she stopped. She glanced back. At the opposite end of the hallway, there were open double doors that were illuminated with a strangely peaceful light. Curious, she moved toward the room. Knowing that Claire wouldn’t like it, Enid promised herself that she would simply take a peek into the room and leave.
Enid did take a peak, but she didn’t leave. The bedroom was like something out of a magazine and, to her relief, there were no framed bugs. A king-sized bed with a thick, white comforter rested like a oasis on the shiny marble floors of sea-green blue. it reminded Enid of something, but she couldn’t quite place her finger on it.
Paris by the sea and—talking crows?
Enid shook her head, not liking the feelings that came with that particular image. She walked to the huge window that stretched the length of the room and overlooked a sparkling blue pool surrounded by yellow patio furniture. As she looked down at the backyard that looked like something out of a movie, Enid wondered if she would ever have a room of her own that was as beautiful as this one. With a dreamy sigh, Enid walked to the bed and, before she knew it, she had kicked off her dirty Converse sneakers and was sinking into the bed’s softness. She breathed in the aroma of fresh sheets and gave a sigh of pleasure. Everything in the room was—
Heavenly.
Enid closed her eyes and, like she had many times before, she visualized that Chip Orlean was there with her. She hadn’t seen him in over six months, but she hadn’t forgotten about him.
She found that she wasn’t thinking about him as much as she used to. It hurt less—him not falling in love with her like she had with him. It was no use and she knew it. He was gorgeous and she was—
Enid Ivie Rose Iglowski.
Frowning, Enid thought about her tiny stature, her undeveloped breasts and her awkwardly plain face. Sure, she didn’t have acne and she had a good nose, but Enid held no illusions about herself. She knew that there was nothing special about her, just as certainly as she knew that Chip Orlean was ridiculously beautiful.
Enid thought back to that one magical moment when she and Chip had kissed. Enid sighed, wondering what it would be like to have Chip and her in love and making love in a bed like this one. Her hands gliding along the comforter, Enid imagined Chip as her adoring husband who was wildly in love with her—and that he couldn’t keep his hands off of her! It was by far her favorite fantasy and, every night before she fell asleep, Enid spun the fantasy out in various webs of delight that all ended the same—Chip was crazy in love with her. And, just like every other time, her fantasy was nuked out of her brain by the painful memory of her catching Chip and Eve kissing. It was six months ago, but it felt like yesterday.
Furious, Enid kicked at the coverlet and rolled over to her side, trying to dispel the painful memory of that moment when she saw Eve and Chip kissing. It was more than pain. It was a physical sickness and revulsion. At the thought of Eve Hargrove, a bitter hatred rose up in Enid. Not only had Eve wormed her way into Jack’s heart, but Eve had somehow gotten to Chip before he had ever had a chance to fall in love with her. To top it all off, that skank bag-of-bones bitch, Eve Hargrove, had shot her. Actually shot her!
Enid clenched her fist and vowed for the thousandth time that if she ever ran into Eve in a dark alley that she would pick up the first object within reach—hopefully a crowbar or a baseball bat—and rearrange Eve’s smug face so that no one would ever want to kiss it again. Enid slipped into her second favorite fantasy—beating the hell out of Eve, getting her on the ground and kicking her senseless and then watching as a terrified Eve tried to crawl away from her in a desperate attempt to escape her wrath.
Enid smiled happily at her pleasant dreams and would have been content to spend more time elaborating on the fantasy, but she remembered that Claire and Micki would be waiting for her—and Claire’s mother would be home soon.
Enid sat up and glanced around, intending to have one last look at the beautiful room before she left. Her eyes were caught by a perfume bottle that sat on the night stand. She picked it up and sniffed. Liking it, she sprayed it into the air and moved her face into it, like she had seen women do in the movies. The perfume mist filled her mouth and, choking, she coughed uncontrollably. Eyes watering, she finally stopped coughing and returned the bottle to the night stand.
Dejected at the thought that she couldn’t even put on perfume like a normal person, Enid flopped back on the fluffy pillow. After several moments, she yawned and turned to her side.
Slipping her hand under the pillow, she was surprised to feel something metallic. Yanking her hand back, she flipped over the pillow and was startled to see—a gun!
A thrill shot through Enid. Excited, she picked up the gun and grasped it in her hand, enjoying the weight and feel of it. She hadn’t held a gun since Jack had confiscated the one she had stolen from her stepdad back in Florida. Enid turned the gun over in her hand, gazing at it reverently. She knew that she wasn’t supposed to like guns, but she did. They were beautiful and dangerous and—
From down the hallway, Claire called out, “Enid?”
Enid jumped off the bed and, before she could think better of it, she shoved the gun in the back of her jeans.
Barging into the bedroom, Claire said, “What the heck are you doing?” Claire stopped, wrinkled her nose. “Have you been using my mom’s perfume?”
“I got lost,” Enid said. “Jeez, Claire! I can’t believe you live here. It’s like something out of a movie.”
Claire’s eyes swept the room, suspiciously.
Enid edged toward the door, trying to ignore the pressure of the gun against the small of her back. “What’s wrong?” Enid said, her brain desperately searching for something to say that would distract Claire’s attention from her. Grinning, she said, “You think I’m gonna steal your mother’s vibrator?”
“Gross!” Claire said, grabbing Enid and dragged her from the room. “I called my mom and told her you were here—”
“Why’d you do that?” Enid said, aghast. She’d never met Claire’s mom but, if she was anything like Claire, then Claire’s mom would be calling Jack, which would be a disaster.
Claire said, “Mom said you could stay the night—as long as your dad says it’s okay. I told her that he said it was okay.”
“You lied?” Enid said, stopping in surprise. “I don’t lie,” Claire said firmly.
“But you did,” Enid said, realizing as she said it that she just needed to shut up and thank the universe for miracles.
“I don’t like lying,” Claire corrected herself primly.
There was the distant sound of the garage door opening. Enid looked back at the bedroom, wondering if she should return the gun to its hiding place. Before she could move, Claire had grabbed her by the arm and was pulling her down the hallway.
In the kitchen, Micki was finishing off the last piece of a chocolate cake that had been sitting on a cake platter with a glass cover over it. The only remains were crumbs and some icing on the corner of Micki’s mouth.
“Micki!” Claire said, “that was the last piece! I was saving it—”
Micki grinned and said, “Snooze, you lose.”
Trying to sound nonchalant, Enid said, “Hey, Claire, does, uh, your mom have a gun?” Claire laughed. “Are you crazy? My parents are the original tree-hugging, whale-loving, feed-the-world, and slap-a-Republican Liberals.”
Nancy Houston walked into the kitchen and set down two bags of groceries. In her late thirties, Nancy Houston was a sensible-shoe version of June Cleaver, but with a PhD. Dressed in black slacks and a white tailored blouse, she gave off a calming sense of confidence. She planted a kiss on Claire’s forehead and eyed Enid and Micki appraisingly. She gave Claire a gentle push toward the garage. “Groceries, please.”
Claire obediently went to the garage.
Enid was surprised at the sound of Claire’s mother’s voice. Nancy Houston’s voice had a soothing and vaguely English quality that made her sound like she was from some fairyland country full of castles and unicorns.
“Who’s who? You,” Nancy said, pointing at Micki, “are Micki?”
Micki flushed red and slunk down. “Claire said I could have the last piece.” “You’re Enid?” Nancy said, turning to Enid.
Enid nodded, trying to imagine why Claire’s mother slept with a gun under her pillow.
Who is she scared of?
Enid gave a nervous smile. The gun was pressing into her back, which sort of hurt, but she didn’t dare adjust it. “Nice to meet you, Mrs. Houston.”
“Call me Nancy,” she said with a friendly smile. “Claire tells me that your father gave permission for you to spend the night?”
Micki shot Claire’s mother a look of surprise.
Flushing slightly, Enid nodded. Not knowing what to say, Enid blurted out, “You have a lot of bugs.”
Claire came in and set down two bags of groceries on the counter. “My mom has her doctorate in Entomology. She specializes in forensic entomology.” Enid wrinkled her brow and said, “As in…?”
Nancy said, “The science of analyzing arthropod biology to help solve crimes.” Enid said, “You solve murders with anthto—bugs?”
Nancy said, “Have you girls eaten dinner?”
Micki said, “Are you talking about maggots and dead bodies—that kind of stuff?” Claire said, “She’s so good that NPR did an interview with her on Fresh Air!”
“I have an idea,” Nancy said. “How would you girls like to go to the movies?” Claire looked at her mother in surprise. “What about your book club?”
Nancy looked at her watch. “I can drop the three of you at the theater and pick you up after. If you want to go, we have to leave now.”
Claire said, “What about dinner?”
Nancy said, “I’ll give you enough money to get dinner at the theater. My treat.”
Claire’s mouth fell open in astonishment as Enid and Micki glanced at each other, each with the same thought—it would be money they could use to get to California.
Within ten minutes, Nancy was driving them to the movie theater in her Lexus SUV. Claire sat in the front seat, Micki and Enid in the back seat.
Claire said, “Hey, this isn’t the way to the movie theater—”
Nancy said, “Don’t say hey.” Claire said, “But where—?”
Nancy pulled into a parking lot and came to an abrupt halt. She hit the child safety locks, which locked all four doors.
“Mom?” Claire said, looking at the sign on the building questioningly.
Enid followed Claire’s gaze and was startled to see that they were in the parking lot of a police station. At that same moment, her eyes landed on a lone man standing beneath the sign.
Jack.
Panicking, Enid grabbed at the door handle and fought to open the door, but it wouldn’t budge. With a sinking heart, Enid forced her gaze back to Jack. He was standing in the entrance of the police station with a scowl that looked like he had one of the pincer bugs stuck up his butt.
“Oh, man!” Enid groaned, slinking down in her seat. “Mom!” Claire said, horrified.
Nancy hit a button and her window slid silently downward.
Jack made his way toward her car until he stood at the open window. Nancy said, “Jack Fox, I presume.”
Jack held out his hand, so that she could shake it through the open window. “Thanks, Mrs. Houston. I owe you.”
“Call me Nancy,” she said, pretending not to see his outstretched hand. “Happy to oblige.”
Frowning, Jack dropped his hand to his side.
Enid leaned over Micki and tried to open her door, but it was just as securely locked.
Nancy turned turned around in the driver’s seat and eyed them. She said to Micki, “I’ve spoken with your mother and she is sending someone to pick you up. I believe it’s a friend of the family—named Jerry.”
Micki groaned and slunk down into the seat.
Nancy said, “Ladies, you are not dealing with a moron. If I can calculate the rate at which piophilidae work their way through a corpse in the later stages of decomposition, I can certainly determine when my daughter is lying. Take a lesson, girls, crime does not pay.”
Officer Carlson came out of the police station and came to a stop next to Jack. “Is this your daughter?” he said, nodding at Enid.
Jack jabbed his finger at Enid and said to the officer, “If she makes a run for it, you have my permission to shoot.”
Enid glared at him.

Chapter 11
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. E. E. Cummings
When Nancy Houston had phoned Jack, he had been at the Estrella Women’s Jail trying to convince the warden that Eve Hargrove was attempting to blackmail him by threatening to kill her unborn baby unless he married her within twenty-four hours.
“Awfully full of yourself, aren’t you?” Garrett DaRoss said with a smirk as he gazed at Jack, who sat across from him in his office. Garrett was the surprisingly young warden of the Estrella Women’s Jail that housed Eve Hargrove. He had the body of a man who treated the daily regimen at the gym as part of his job description, the dark good looks of a man who missed his calling as a leading man, and the attitude of a man who had heard it all and believed nothing.
They were ten minutes into the conversation, and Jack had known for the last nine minutes that it was going nowhere fast. Struggling to hold his temper in check, Jack said, “You’re not taking this seriously.”
“I take everything seriously,” Garrett said impassively.
Jack leaned forward, intense. “You’re the only one with the power to stop her! Put her on suicide watch, so she can’t suck down any Lysol cocktails. If you don’t do something—that baby’s death will be on your hands!”
Garrett pulled a file from a drawer in his desk. He flipped it open, exposing a sheaf of legal papers, which he pushed across the desk toward Jack. “Is this your signature?”
“I don’t sign shit,” Jack said, not even bothering to look at the paperwork. “Especially legal shit.”
Garrett tapped the paperwork with his knuckles. “Eve Hargrove’s lawyer gave us the paperwork for your upcoming marriage weeks ago. It’s all in order. Approved by Judge Matvey. You’re telling me that this notarized signature isn’t yours?”
Jack grabbed the papers, a sick feeling twisting in his stomach. He stared at the signature, which was a perfect twin to his own. It was notarized by a Stephen J. Bourough. Jack committed the name to memory.
Jack pushed the paperwork away. “Forged.”
Garrett eyed him, his eyes alive with a scathing contempt. “Mr. Fox, if you have cold feet, back out of the wedding—like a man.”
Jack stared at Garrett, incredulous. It came over Jack with a sickening jolt—Eve has got her hooks in the warden! Jack’s mind raced with multiple scenarios of why the warden would be protecting Eve and he immediately seized on the two most obvious: money or sex. Jack turned over both possibilities—either Garrett was getting paid off or he had it bad for Eve. Jack decided that the best way to find out was to take a shot in the dark. Jack gave Garrett a knowing look and said, “Eve told me about you—about the both of you—”
Garrett’s eyes flickered with fear—and then they went dead. He remained silent, staring at Jack with a perfect poker face.
Jack smiled grimly. The flicker had told him what he needed to know. “She’s not discreet, you know. Eve told me all about it,” Jack lied, “then she told her lawyer.” “Her lawyer?” Garrett said. “You mean Jones?”
Jack grabbed the file and flipped to the last page, pointed to the lawyer’s name. “Not Jones. Good try, though.”
Garrett stared at him, eyes hard.
Jack shook his head, pityingly. “You think you have the situation—her—under control?
Take it from me, she’s playing you. Whatever game she’s playing, you are on the losing end.” Garrett said, “Other than the fact that I’m the warden, I have no involvement with Ms.
Hargrove. She has been a model prisoner.”
“Yeah, Eve Hargrove is a prisoner that looks like a model,” Jack said sarcastically. “I’ll make you a deal. You make sure she doesn’t kill her baby and I keep my mouth shut about your real involvement with her.”
Garrett’s face went grey, but he remained silent.
“If something happens to that baby,” Jack said, “I will go to every news outlet in town and let them know exactly where and with whom you have been putting it. Capisce?”
Garrett sprang to his feet and lunged across the desk.
Before Jack realized what was happening, Garrett had grabbed Jack by the throat with both hands and was squeezing it shut with an iron grasp. Jack opened his mouth, but no sound came out. Worse, no oxygen came in. Frantically, Jack tried to dig his fingers between Garrett’s hands and the flesh of his throat, but to no avail. Jack felt himself being dragged across Garrett’s desk and he heard the sounds of things knocked about as he kicked his legs violently, trying to break free of Garrett’s unrelenting grasp.
Black spots flashed before his eyes and Jack struggled to remain conscious as he gave one final burst of fight. The black dots were getting bigger and Jack could feel his struggles getting more feeble—pathetically feeble…
Garrett released his hold on Jack’s throat.
Crumpling to the floor in a heap, Jack desperately sucked in oxygen that was punctuated with a violent coughing fit. He rolled to his side and huddled up protectively as he struggled to breathe.
Garrett’s boot came down on Jack’s chest and pushed him onto his back.
Jack began to resist, but Garrett’s boot moved to his neck. With horror, Jack felt the sole of Garrett’s boot come down onto his neck, pressing against his jugular—light enough to allow Jack to breathe, but firm enough that Jack was unable to move without risking getting his jugular crushed.
Garrett’s eyes burned as he learned down and hoarsely said, “You open your fucking mouth and I will waste you!”
Jack stared up at Garrett’s blazing eyes, his mind scrabbling desperately for how to get free.
To Jack’s surprise, Garrett released his foot from his neck. He turned sharply, walked to the door and opened it.
Feeling light-headed and sick, Jack struggled to his feet, which he did with difficulty. He stood with one hand on the wall for support as he swayed unsteadily.
Not feeling well enough for walking, Jack looked over and eyed Garrett, who was practically glowing with smug triumph. Jack looked past him at the sweet-faced secretary who sat at her desk, primly typing. For a moment, Jack wondered if she was deaf, but remembered that she had greeted him when he arrived. Jack examined her, more curious than resentful. There was no way in hell that she didn’t hear the racket that was going on behind closed doors. She was obviously complicit with the warden and Jack couldn’t help but wonder why.
The secretary stopped typing and met his eyes. To Jack’s surprise, she gave him an angelic smile.
Feeling like he was in a Twilight Zone episode, Jack stumbled forward, determined to get the hell out of the fun-house. Jack felt the nausea overwhelm him and he didn’t try to stop it.
Ignoring the wastebasket, Jack grabbed the edge of Garrett’s desk and, with perfect aim, he leaned over and vomited onto his signature on the forged paperwork.
Garrett lunged forward and Jack braced himself, half-expecting that he was living his final moments on planet Earth. To Jack’s surprise, the warden resisted the urge to finish off the job of killing him. Breathing hard, Garrett stopped halfway between the door and his desk and stood glaring at Jack with malevolent hatred.
Feeling better, Jack started to wipe his mouth with the back of his hand, but thought better of it. Jack met Garrett’s smoldering gaze and defiantly picked up the forged paperwork that now held a sizable portion of what was left of Jack’s lunch. He turned it over and mashed the side holding his puke into Garrett’s desk blotter. Before Garrett could respond, Jack spit a sour lugie into what was left of the paperwork, crumpled it up and tossed it into the wastebasket. Jack stumbled to the door, tensing himself for Garrett’s attack, but it never came.
Garrett stood like a stone statue, staring at him. Only Garrett’s eyes were alive—with livid hatred.
Jack decided that God must protect children and idiots, because he actually made it through the door alive. His throat pulsed painfully and he wasn’t sure that if he did try to speak, he would be able to.
The angelic smile gone, the secretary jumped out of Jack’s way, pressing her back against the wall like he was a walking ghoul.
Jack gave her a reproving look, which he hoped would keep her awake at night, repenting, but he knew would not. He left the office and, feeling safer once he was in the hallway, he made his way out of the jail and into the parking lot. He felt numb with shock. When he had decided to talk to the warden, he had expected to meet with a certain amount of skepticism to his blackmail story, but he had never imagined that he would almost be almost murdered.
Rubbing his neck gingerly, Jack turned around and stared at the hulking jail, wondering who had forged the paperwork and why anyone would go to so much trouble to make sure that he got married to Eve by tomorrow. He didn’t know why or what the connections were, but he knew in his gut that all nefarious roads sure as hell led back to Eve.
Jack got in his car and examined his throat in the rearview mirror. He wasn’t surprised to see that ugly bruises were already visible. He slumped down, his sense of failure palpable to the point of pain. He thought back to the long, nightmare-filled hours that he had passed the night before. He’d seen more of Jeni in all his nightmares combined than he had ever seen of her in real life. Jack was starting to feel like nightmare-Jeni was more real than the living and breathing Jeni had ever been. The memory of the real Jeni was fading around the edges, like a dog-eared photograph, and was being replaced by an unhealthy and dreaded succubus.
Not wanting to be haunted by any new nightmares, Jack had decided that he would at least try to stop Eve from killing the baby. He not only failed—he’d made a dangerous enemy. Jack sat thinking, trying to reason himself out of feeling responsible for some unborn glob of cells.
It’s probably not even mine. She had the marriage paperwork forged—why not the paternity test?
Jack grimaced, desperately wanting to believe it, but he couldn’t. In his mind, he saw the unborn glob—and it wasn’t a glob. It had a face and eyes and it was looking right at him. He could hear the damned thing —
Save me.
Jack sat in his car, staring up at the prison that loomed above him. He wanted to tear the place down brick by brick till he could get to Eve and—what?
Kill her?
Kiss her?
Jack shuddered, horrified by the intensity of his emotions. Eve Hargrove was a disease, and he was revolted with himself that he couldn’t shake loose of his feelings—or desire—for her.
Sickened with his own thoughts, Jack started the car and drove toward the exit, wishing that he had something to drink—if only to remove the taste of bile from his mouth.
Jack was driving toward his office when he got the phone call from Nancy Houston. She introduced herself and explained that their daughters were friends. Nancy went on to explain that she had gotten Jack’s phone number from his office and that her daughter, Claire, had told her that Enid had Jack’s permission to spend the night. Nancy was checking in to make sure that everything was on the up and up and, if not, she wanted to remedy the situation.
Jack listened and, despite her melodious voice, he got the sense that Nancy Houston had it within her power to be a real ball-buster. The way Nancy said “remedy the situation” made Jack wish that Enid had a mother who could say shit like that and mean it.
That’s what Enid needs—a mother with chops.
When Nancy had finished her story, Jack said, “Enid skipped school today, so I’m happy to hear that she’s at your house. If you give me your address, I’ll come get her.”
Silence.
“Hello?” Jack said, thinking they had gotten disconnected. “I’m here,” Nancy said. “I’ll text you my address.”
Remembering that the police were now involved, Jack pulled over and pulled out Officer Carlson’s card and said, “Actually, would you mind bringing Enid to the police station on Glendale and North 57th Avenue. I can meet you there if you like.”
“The police station?” Nancy said, alarmed. “Is she in trouble? Is my daughter involved?” “Your daughter,” Jack said, recalling the girl in the principal’s office, “is she the smart one with brown hair and all the books?”
“Oh, my God!” Nancy shrilled. “What did Claire do?”
“Nothing!” Jack said. “It’s my daughter—she’s the one in trouble. I would greatly appreciate it if you could meet me at the police station with Enid in the back seat and, uh, maybe have the child locks on.”
After a moment of silence, Nancy said, “Since our daughters are friends, I need to know what is going on.”
Jack hesitated, then said, “Enid skipped school, that’s all.”
“I’m going to get to the bottom of this with Claire,” Nancy said grimly. Jack raised his eyebrows, not doubting for a moment that she would.
Ball-buster.
Nancy agreed to meet him in the police parking lot and, after they hung up, Jack called Officer Carlson and arranged to meet him at the station, so they could clear up Enid’s claim that he was trying to kill her for insurance money.
Jack glanced at his watch and scowled. In forty-five minutes, he had an appointment with the owner of the Perfect Match dating agency, which was in the opposite direction of the police station. The appointment was his first real step in the investigation of finding Marina Orlov and, since he had already deposited Layla’s check, he was itching to get started.
Knowing that he couldn’t put off picking up Enid, Jack called the Perfect Match agency and rescheduled the appointment to later that evening, which would give him enough time to pick up Enid, get everything resolved with the cops, and drop Enid off at the apartment.
Within ten minutes, Jack was at the police station, and within another ten minutes, the knuckle-cracking Officer Carlson was escorting Jack and Enid to a small interview room, but not before Enid had blurted out that she needed to pee. Jack had carefully pulled his shirt collar up in an attempt to hide the bruises on his neck and he was now trying to ignore the pain of the tight collar against the bruised welts on his skin.
Jack and Officer Carlson waited patiently for Enid to return and, when she did, Jack immediately noticed that she no longer had her book-bag strapped to her back. Jack glanced at Officer Carlson, who was checking out a stripper-type woman who was walking through the entrance. Jack glanced back at Enid, wondering why she was hiding the book-bag. He would get to the bottom of that mystery when they left the police station.
As Officer Carlson led them into an interrogation room, Jack wasn’t surprised to see that Enid looked scared, but, as time went on, he was surprised to see that Enid was acting like she was scared of him.
Jack shifted uncomfortably and, despite the pain, he tugged his collar higher.
Enid was eyeing his unusually high collar questioningly, but, upon catching her looking at him, she looked away.
At first, Jack had assumed that Enid was scared because she had gotten into more trouble than he currently knew about, but now he was getting the distinct impression that Enid was afraid of him. Since Jack had originally heard the “murder for insurance” story in the principal’s office, he had assumed that Enid had used her fathomless teenage twisted logic to create a story that would somehow benefit her. Maybe she was trying to impress her friends. Maybe she was bored.
No matter what the reason, Jack had refused to believe that Enid could actually believe that he would ever harm her.
Now, he wasn’t so sure.
Enid was staring at him with wide eyes so filled with fear that it was making Jack feel edgy with fear himself. Jack listened as Enid haltingly told Officer Carlson the story of how she had found the life insurance policy for a million dollars and how, when she went back to look for it, the paperwork was gone. To Jack’s growing astonishment, he saw that Enid was dead serious. If it wasn’t so insanely stupid, Jack might have laughed, but he was beginning to realize that it was no laughing matter.
When it was his turn, Jack explained to Officer Carlson that he had spent the last six months battling his insurance company for the money they owed him for his house, which had been destroyed in a fire. The insurance agent who was helping him resolve the case had been trying to sell him more insurance and, when he realized that Jack had a daughter, he tried to sell him a life insurance policy on Enid.
Popping his oversized knuckles, Officer Carlson examined Jack, his eyes lingering on the uncomfortably high collar. “Did you take out a policy on your daughter?”
“No,” Jack said. “Why would I buy more insurance when they won’t even pay me what they owe me?”
Officer Carlson gestured for Jack to pull down his shirt collar. “How’d you get those bruises on your neck?”
Jack flushed red, but he didn’t pull down his collar.
Enid’s eyes darted to Jack’s neck and her eyes widened. “I got in a fight,” Jack said, careful to avoid Enid’s eyes. “With who?” Officer Carlson said.
“I don’t know his name,” Jack said, “and he was too busy kicking my ass to introduce himself.”
“You file a report?” Officer Carlson said. Jack shook his head.
Officer Carlson turned to Enid. “How’d your dad get those bruises?” Enid shrugged and looked so clueless that Officer Carlson believed her.
Officer Carlson turned back to Jack. “It’s your official statement that you do not have an insurance policy on your daughter?”
“Yes,” Jack said.
Enid’s jaw dropped in shock.
Realizing that she misunderstood, Jack quickly said, “Yes, that is my official statement— that I do not have insurance on Enid’s life. You can verify it with my insurance company.”
Enid breathed an almost imperceptible sigh of relief.
Officer Carlson looked at Enid, who proceeded to slouch down in her chair, so she could intently study her cuticles.
Officer Carlson said to Jack, “I’d like to speak to Enid alone.”
Jack left the interview room. Pacing the hallway, Jack tried to wrap his head around the fact that Enid would actually think that he would hurt her. His anger growing, he stuck a finger between his collar and his neck in an attempt to relieve the painful pressure. Ignoring the feelings of hurt within himself, he focused on his anger, which felt safer and easier to deal with.
Within five minutes, Officer Carlson and Enid came out of the room. Enid’s face was pale and her eyes were glued to the floor.
Officer Carlson said to Enid, “You’ll remember what I said?”
Enid bit her lip and gave a barely perceptible nod. Officer Carlson said to her, “You have my number.”
Enid didn’t look up. She was too busy examining her Converse sneakers. Jack said to Officer Carlson, “Are we done?”
“For now,” Officer Carlson said.
Jack gave a humorless smile and headed toward the exit. Enid trailed behind him so slowly that Jack was forced to stop and wait for her.
Not looking him in the eye, Enid hooked her thumb at the restroom and said, “I’ll be right back.”
“Don’t forget your book-bag,” Jack said, unable to resist the dig.
Enid shot him a look and, this time, he felt glad that her eyes were shining with fear. When Enid returned from the restroom, she darted ahead of him, and Jack had to hurry to keep up. To his relief, he saw that she wasn’t making a run for it—she was heading toward his car. He unlocked the car and she scrambled in. She was clutching the book-bag to her chest and avoiding his eyes.
He climbed into the driver’s seat and, before he had a chance to speak, Enid blurted out, “How was I supposed to know? All I saw was a bunch of paperwork saying that you get a bunch of money if I die!”
“How could you ever think that I would hurt you?” Jack exploded. Enid winced and gripped the book-bag tighter.
Forcing himself to calm down, Jack spoke in a lower and calmer tone of voice. “Enid, you actually thought that I was planning to kill you? Really?”
Enid pursed her lips and said, “For a million dollars—maybe.” Jack stared at her, flabbergasted.
Enid said, “I saw the insurance policy! I saw it with my own eyes!”
“They were quotes!” Jack said, throwing up his hands in exasperation. “The insurance guy gave me quotes for everything from a stuffed toilet to the friggin’ hole in your head! Jesus, Enid! I would never hurt you.” To his disgust, Jack heard his voice crack with emotion.
Enid glanced at him, surprised.
“I would never hurt you,” Jack said, struggling to keep his voice under control. “I’m your dad. I’m supposed to protect you.” Jack had meant to speak reassuringly, but there was no disguising the raw anger in his voice.
“I know you need money,” Enid said. “I saw the eviction notice.”
A deep sense of shame flooded through Jack. Since the age of 18, he had prided himself on being financially independent, but in the last six months, his entire world had turned upside-down and he had simply shut down. As much as he hated to admit it, Eve had done a number on him—even worse than his ex-wife, Stella, had ever done. And then there were the nightmares every night—Jeni staring up at him with those blue eyes, silently accusing him of her death. It had gotten so bad that he was scared to shut his eyes at night, and by the time the morning came around, he was a walking zombie. Except for Layla’s check, he was barely making enough money to keep a roof over their heads.
Enid said, “Are we going to get evicted?”
“No,” Jack said, finding it impossible to meet her eyes. “I don’t want to go back to Florida,” Enid said.
Jack shot her a look, wondering why she would be more willing to stay with him than go back to live with her mother. At the thought of what her life must have been before she got to Phoenix—living with her alcoholic mother—his heart suddenly softened. He knew how it felt to not be wanted. As much as his mother and grandmother had loved him, it had never been enough to erase the hurt of his father’s rejection.
Jack took a deep breath and was relieved to hear that his voice was almost kind. “Do you—are you okay with—?” Jack jerked his thumb back to the police station.
Enid examined him suspiciously. She hesitated, then nodded.
Jack nodded his head, unsure what to say. After a moment, he said, “We are talking about the same thing, right?”
Enid looked at him, unsure.
Jack said, “You know that I would never hurt you, right?”
Enid pursed her lips noncommittally and shrugged. “If you say so.”
“I say so,” Jack said, his voice again edged with anger at her typical teenage attitude as well as anger at himself for letting it get under his skin.
There was an uncomfortable silence. “Enid?” Jack said.
“What?”
“Look at me,” Jack said.
Enid met his eyes unwillingly.
Jack nodded at her book-bag and said, “Why’d you hide the book-bag in the restroom?” Enid shot him a startled look and gripped the book-bag even tighter.
Jack gestured for her to hand over the book-bag . “Let me see.” Enid hugged it to her chest and blurted out, “Tampons!”
Jack’s hand recoiled like it was spring-loaded.
“I have stuff in here,” Enid said, “and it’s private!”
“Girl stuff?” Jack mumbled, surprised to feel his face burning.
“It’s my monthly menstrual period kit!” Enid said. “Tampons and pads and—” “Okay!” Jack said, holding up his hands. “I guess you’re allowed to have some privacy when it comes to…” his voice trailed off.
“My menstrual cycle?” Enid said with mock innocence. She stuck out her book-bag so that it was almost in his face. “Are you sure you don’t want to check it?”
Jack eyed her, suddenly suspicious. “Yeah,” he said slowly. “Maybe I will take a look.” Enid’s eyes widened in surprise as Jack grabbed the book-bag and he began unzipping it. Enid said, “Watch out for the used ones!”
“Jesus H. Christ!” Jack shouted, throwing the book-bag back at her. “Keep it! I don’t care if you have a fucking gun in there—I don’t want to know!” Mortified over the subject matter, Jack avoided Enid’s eyes as he fumbled to start the car. The engine revved and, with a jerk, he backed out of the parking space.
“Well,” Enid said in a conciliatory voice, “you don’t have to be weird about it.”
Pulling onto the street, Jack waved his hand at her and said, “Whatever you’re hiding— you win!”
“What if it was a gun?” Enid said.
“Don’t want to know,” Jack said, not taking his eyes from the road. Enid hesitated and then said, “But—”
“Shit!” Jack said, his eyes darting to the dashboard clock. “What?” Enid said, startled.
“I have an 8:00 o’clock appointment,” Jack said with a frown.
Enid was silent for a moment, then said, “I’m hungry.”
Jack sighed in relief. Food was one subject that he would be more than happy to talk about. “I’ll see what I can do,” Jack said, heading for downtown. They drove in silence for several minutes.
“Enid,” Jack said, hesitatingly.
“I don’t want to talk to you about my menstrual cycle,” Enid said. Jack held up his hand, his face flushing red again. “Not that!”
“I can’t believe that you don’t care if I’m walking around with a gun in my book-bag!” Enid said.
Jack looked at her, confused. “Well, do you?”
“Do I, what?” Enid said, looking suddenly alarmed. “Have a gun,” Jack said.
“No!” Enid said.
“Good,” Jack said, stumbling over what to say next. “Because—that—would be against the rules.”
“What rules?” Enid said.
“House rules,” Jack said. “Plus, it’s illegal.”
Enid wrinkled her brow. “You once told me that you didn’t carry a gun—because you had something much more dangerous…”
Jack looked at her expectantly. “A brain,” Enid said.
“I said that?” Jack said, sounding surprised. Enid nodded.
“That’s pretty good,” Jack said, making a face of admiration at his words. “You still think that’s true?” Enid said.
Jack frowned, slipping his finger between his collar and neck to loosen the pressure, which was hurting worse. He wondered if having a gun in the warden’s office would have changed anything.
Yeah, it would have bought me a life sentence.
“Well?” Enid said.
Jack glanced at her, wondering why she sounded so intense. “Why do you ask?” Enid looked away and shrugged. “I think Claire’s mom has a gun.”
“Really?” Jack said, surprised. “She doesn’t seem like the type.” “What’s the type?” Enid said.
It was Jack’s turn to shrug. “She seems like a lady who can handle herself in just about any situation.”
“You mean she’s too smart for a gun?” Enid said, inquisitively. “Yeah, I guess so,” Jack said.
“What if I ever want to get a gun of my own?” Enid said. “Don’t,” Jack said sharply.
“Why?”
“You’re smart enough to not need a gun,” Jack said. “Besides, unless you have the proper training—it would be dangerous.”
“What if I got the proper training?” Enid said.
Stopped at a red light, Jack gave her a searching look. “What’s all this talk about guns?” “I joined the debate team and we’re having a debate on it,” Enid said. “Just getting your opinion.”
“Don’t get my opinion,” Jack said. “Get facts. Real debates are about facts—not opinions.”
“Harumph,” Enid said.
“Enid,” Jack said, “can we make a deal?”
“I never mention my menstrual cycle again?” Enid said with a sly grin. “That too,” Jack said with a shake of his head.
“Or tampons?” Enid said, her grin getting bigger.
“Okay, stop!” Jack said. “What I am trying to say is that—” Jack struggled with his words. “Next time you think something—or wanna know something—can you just ask me? I mean—if you think that I am out to kill you for insurance money—can you ask me about it?”
Enid hesitated, then nodded.
Jack glanced at her, not having seen her nod. Enid nodded again, so that he could see it. “Is that a yes?” Jack said pointedly.
“Yes!” Enid said, a little too loudly. “Good,” Jack said with a relieved sigh. “I have a question,” Enid said.
Jack shot her a wary glance.
Enid gestured to his neck. “How’d you get those?”
“Like I said,” Jack said, shifting uncomfortably, “I got in a fight.” “With who?” Enid said.
“Doesn’t matter,” Jack said.
“You just said—” Enid said.
“Okay!” Jack said. “I was working on a case and a guy—” “A guy?” Enid said.
“A guy!” Jack said, scowling. “He tried to choke me—”
“Why?” Enid said.
“He didn’t like me,” Jack said, “and he tried to choke me and—I’m alive. Barely.” Enid eyed him skeptically. “For real?”
Ignoring his opportunity to answer, Jack said, “This appointment—it’s for a new case. I need you to come in with me and pretend that you’re my daughter – “ Too late, Jack realized what he had said.
“I am your daughter!” Enid said, her eyes snapping with anger. “What do you mean, pretend like I’m your daughter?”
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Jack said, groaning inwardly. “It came out wrong.” “Yeah,” Enid said bitterly. “Like I obviously did seventeen years ago!”
“You know I didn’t mean it like that!” Jack said. “How’d you mean it then?” Enid said in a hard voice.
“What I was trying to say is that I’m going to this woman under false pretenses. She thinks I’m a client interested in her services. When I said pretend, I meant that, if you go with me, that you would need to pretend to be my daughter because I am not going there as Jack Fox.” Jack held his breath, wondering if she would buy it.
“I’ll play the perfectly well-behaved young lady to your fake-person-false-pretense guy if you answer some questions. I want the truth—or, no deal.” “Go ahead,” Jack said, warily.
Enid took a deep breath and said, “For a million bucks, if you could magically make me disappear—?”
“Enid!” Jack yelled.
“I’m serious!” Enid said, yelling back. “Just hear me out—”
Fuming at his own stupidity, Jack remained silent and kept his eyes on the road.
Enid spoke slowly, “If you could get rid of me—not by murder or anything—just by me being gone—would you do it?”
Jack pulled the car to the side of the road and turned the motor off. He turned to Enid and said, “Look at me, please.”
Enid turned to look at him. Her eyes were warier than a turkey in the farmyard the day before Thanksgiving.
Jack took a deep breath and said, “Enid Ivie Rose Iglowski, you are a huge pain in my ass, but, no, I would not magically get rid of you—not for a million bucks. Not even for ten million bucks.”
Enid stared at him, her eyes searching his for any signs of deception.
Jack voice was firm and sincere as he said, “I don’t want you gone from my life. You are my daughter.”
“Whether you like it or not,” Enid said, more a statement than a question.
“Whether I like it or not,” Jack said with a grudging smile. After a moment, Jack frowned and said, “I have a question for you.”
“Yeah?”
Jack hesitated, then said, “If you found out that your old man did something crazy—like—got married—?”
Enid’s head jerked toward him. “You got married?” “I didn’t get married,” Jack said, his face reddening.
“But you’re thinking about it?” Enid said, incredulously. “Who?”
“Nobody!” Jack said, starting up the car and pulling into traffic. “Forget I said anything.” “But you’re not even dating anyone,” Enid said, “I mean, the only—oh no!” Enid turned to him, horror stamped across her face. “You can’t possibly be talking about that old barf-bag of bones that tried to kill me?”
“Forget it!” Jack said, marveling at her almost eerie sixth sense for figuring things out. “You can’t—!”
“I said forget it!” Jack snapped, regretting that he had brought it up. He wasn’t sure why he had bothered to bring it up, except that maybe he wanted to put the idea out there—just in case he actually went through with it tomorrow.
“But—!”
Jack hurriedly cut her off and tried to sound like he was all business. “When we get to the appointment, I need you to stay in the waiting room and—just wait for me. Stay quiet and—” he struggled to find the right work.
“Why are you talking about getting married? What the heck is going on?” Trying to distract her, Jack said, “Have you called your mother lately?”
“You can’t marry her!” Enid said, her voice horrified. “Besides, that skank-bag is in jail!” “When’s the last time you called your mother?” Jack said, determined to change the subject.
Enid crossed her arms and scowled. “Don’t try to change the subject! If you marry old bone-ass-money-bags, I will never forgive you!”
“I’m not getting married!” Jack yelled.
“Then why’d you bring it up?” Enid said sullenly.
“When is the last time you called your mother?” Jack said.
After a moment, Enid shrugged. “It’s hard. With the time change between here and Florida, I have to call her early enough in the morning—before she starts drinking. I don’t get up that early.”
“Set your alarm clock and call her,” Jack said, wishing again that Enid had a mother like Nancy Houston who could “remedy situations” and do some motherly ball-busting.
“I tried calling her at work, but they said, real polite, “she no longer works here.” Mom is living the dream now—living on the state.” Enid’s voice took on an edge of bitter contempt. “Don’t talk about her like that!” Jack said sharply. Unconsciously, he unbuttoned the top collar button and breathed a sigh of relief at the minuscule improvement in pain. He shifted uncomfortably, knowing what Enid said was most likely true. The last time Jack had seen Enid’s mother was the morning after their rather forgettable one-night stand seventeen years ago. Jack had a hazy beer-goggle image of what Enid’s mother had looked like and he had trouble reconciling the memory of her then with the alcoholic, negligent mother that Enid led him to believe that she had become.
“It’s the truth,” Enid said.
“Doesn’t matter,” Jack said. “You only have one mother.” Jack winced at his words, which instantly recalled the memory of his own mother. Even his best memories of his mom got all tangled up with the image of the last time he saw her—the noose around her neck, cutting into her flesh and, after the police had cut her down, her left shoe haphazardly kicked off onto the threadbare carpet, looking so pathetic and alone. He had hidden the shoe under the couch, so the cops wouldn’t take it. For years, Jack had kept the shoe. Throughout his life, no matter where he had moved, he always took the shoe, a size-eight sandal, and placed it carefully in the back of his bedroom closet. Over the years, the shoe had become more faded, like his memories. When his house had gone up in flames, the shoe had also been destroyed.
“What are you thinking about?” Enid said, her eyes fastened on his face. “Nothing,” Jack said, startled.
“You had a funny look on your face,” Enid said.
“Thinking about the new case,” Jack said. “Should get us caught up on some of the bills.” “For real?” Enid said. “You’re not shittin' me, are you?”
Jack scowled and said, “Since when did you start cussing?” “You cuss,” Enid said defiantly.
“I’m a man,” Jack said. “Girls cussing—it’s low class. You’re better than that.”
Enid made a face and stared out the window.
They reached their destination. 1850 North Central was the glass-faced high-rise office building that housed the Perfect Match dating agency. Jack pulled into the parking garage and parked. They got out of the car and walked to the entrance.
Enid said, “What about food?”
Jack looked at his watch and said, “Can you hang in there another forty-five minutes?” “Are you kidding?” Enid said with a scowl. “I’m starving!”
“This appointment—easy in, easy out,” Jack said. “There won’t be anything unexpected.” At his own words, Jack frowned. He had thought the same thing about his meeting with Garrett, and that had proved to be anything but easy. Jack glanced at Enid, wondering if he should have taken the extra time to drop her off at the apartment.
“What?” Enid said.
“Nothing,” Jack said, trying to smile, but failing. “Easy in, easy out,” he repeated, more to convince himself than because he actually believed it.

Chapter 12
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and the other begins? Edgar Allan Poe
Bud sat in the bedroom that he once shared with Bunnie, listening to the threats and obscenities that she hurled up at him from the front yard. The woman in the front yard was not the woman he knew or remembered. With her unexpected arrival, Bunnie had come roaring back into his life with a ferocity that would forever taint any previous memories of their years of happy marriage.
Bud looked around the bedroom that used to be their bedroom. All the love and laughter, even the arguments and tears—it was gone. All that remained was an oversized bed where he and he alone put his head on the pillow at the end of each day.
A sudden and intense feeling of claustrophobia gripped him. Bud stood up and stumbled toward the door. He hurried down the stairs, through the house and to the back door. Hand on the doorknob, he listened to Bunnie’s rant, which was still coming from the front yard.
Would she ever shut up?
Not willing to stay and find out, Bud quickly went out the back door, locked it and walked through the back yard to the gate that led to a dirt alleyway that stood between his home and a row of neighbors behind their house. Bud wanted to be anyplace but here when the police showed up, and he knew that they would.
Bunnie can handle this one on her own.
Bud walked down the alley and was relieved to hear the sounds of the city gradually drowning out Bunnie’s strident voice. The hum of traffic, a distant dog barking—Bud welcomed any sound that made her voice recede into the distance.
Bud found refuge in a habit that had been his saving grace during tough times. He forced his thoughts away from his own troubles and focused on his latest case. As easily as a lock clicks into the tumblers, Bud was grateful to feel himself slip into detective mode.
He stopped, startled by a sudden thought. A smile spread across his face.
Why didn’t I think of it before?
The Best Funeral Home was only five blocks away. Bud knew that in any black market on human organs, there existed the classic triad: a physician, a corporation, and a mortician. It was a long shot, but if the organs found in the trunk of the car were related to the local black market trade, Bud knew a mortician who just might be willing to talk.
Pacing himself, Bud walked the distance slow and steady but, by the fourth block, he found himself struggling to catch his breath. He stopped to rest, leaning on a low adobe wall that bordered someone’s front yard. Bud checked for his cell phone, which was in his front pocket. He regretting not grabbing a bottle of water from the refrigerator before he left the house. As far as Bud was concerned, walking for more than a block in Phoenix without a bottle of water was failing a very basic I.Q. test.
After several minutes of rest, Bud began walking again, but within half a block, his heart began to pound and his breathing became labored. He mopped the sweat from his brow, feeling frustrated and angry at the fact that he couldn’t even walk five city blocks without feeling like his heart was going to implode. He dug into his fanny pack and put the nitro pill under his tongue.
Impatient, Bud looked up the street. He could see the funeral home’s signage from where he stood.
When the pressure in his chest eased and his breathing became more regular, Bud took a deep breath and envisioned the relentlessly demanding voice of Ginger Spells, his physical therapist at the cardiac rehab center, goading him on.
It worked.
Within minutes, Bud reached the entrance. Feeling lightheaded, Bud stepped from the bright Arizona sunshine into the darkened, cool reception room of the funeral home.
The room looked as weary as Bud felt. The thinning carpeting and draperies tried in vain to eat up the sounds of the city. Depressing landscape prints hung on the walls, and muted classical music was piped in. The room seemed specially designed to give any newcomer the urge to leave as soon as the dreary task of burying the dead was completed. Bud looked around the room with distaste. The place stunk of the business of burying the dead—scrubbed up enough to be, if not nice, then at least decent—within a modest price range.
A tall blond woman entered the room. She came forward, hand outstretched. “Welcome.
I’m Gabby. How can I help you, sir?”
Bud noticed that her voice held a rather strong accent—Eastern European, maybe Russian. Bud also noticed that Gabby’s tanned face was in that delicate transition phase between “sun-kissed” and “she should have worn sunscreen” that was common to Arizona transplants.
Newcomers to “The Grand Canyon State” arrived giddy with the thought of unlimited sunbathing and, ten years later, had skin that resembled the inside of a well-used baseball glove.
In her late thirties, Gabby’s face was pre-baseball glove, but the clock was ticking. She had a lean figure, shoulder length dirty-blond hair and washed-out blue eyes. As she stepped closer, Bud saw tight lines around her unsmiling mouth, and he caught a hint of teeth that crouched behind her smile like a row of scared, caged animals. Bud got the distinct impression that she was the type of woman who had the knack of twisting a stroke of good luck into a bad break.
Bud shook Gabby’s hand and then showed her his badge. “Detective Orlean, Phoenix police. Is George here?”
Gabby eyed his disheveled appearance skeptically. “If you’re police, where’s your uniform?”
“I’m a detective,” Bud said with a polite smile, “we don’t wear uniforms.”
She made a series of strange clicking sounds with her mouth as she stared at him, sizing him up. After a moment, Gabby said, “What do you want with George?”
“Is he here?” Bud said.
“I’m his wife,” Gabby said in barbed-wire voice.
“I need to speak with George,” Bud said in a voice custom-designed to match hers.
Gabby stared at him, her eyes bordering on hostile. “Fine,” she said with a jerk of her head. “Follow me.”
Bud followed as Gabby led him down a drab hallway past a viewing room that was currently deserted. Bud felt a shiver race up his spine at the thought that someday he would be the star guest of a similar room. He reminded himself to talk to Chip—make sure that Chip knew that he wanted to be cremated—not buried. The thought of being stuffed in a box and put six feet under as the main course for a maggot feast filled him with dread.
In an attempt to chase away his fears, Bud nodded at the empty room and said, “How’s business?”
Gabby gave him a scathing look as she opened a door that led down a utilitarian hallway lined with a series of large cardboard boxes with a variety of labels, including Christian, Jewish and ND, which Bud knew stood for non-denominational.
Bud grimaced, knowing that all of the beliefs that he held so dear were represented by the contents of the “Christian” cardboard box, which looked pathetically battered. Bud shivered and looked away from it, knowing that that was the box they would use for him. The great mystery, the one that he would eventually solve, was exactly when that moment would arrive.
Fear seized Bud’s insides and he made a fresh resolution about his cardiac rehab—
I’m going to do everything that Ginger tells me to do—even if it means doing a treadmill march to the southern tip of South America!
Gabby opened a door and pointed Bud into a room that stunk of formaldehyde. The tiled floor gently sloped toward a central drain, like in a gymnasium shower.
Even after all these years, Bud instantly recognized the back of George’s scantily haired head with the oversized, flyaway ears. George was hunched over a corpse that lay stretched-out and face-up on an aluminum table.
Bud took a deep breath and steadied his nerves. For some reason, seeing violently murdered corpses in the normal course of his workday felt less unnerving than the sensations he experienced from seeing the empty viewing room, the labelled boxes, and this corpse that had succumbed to natural causes. Bud wondered if he was more comfortable when there was a murder because there was a killer who could be held responsible. A solid, real somebody who could be blamed—and hunted down. He felt vaguely unnerved by the fact that there was no one to blame when someone died of natural causes.
Bud eyed the motionless legs of the dead woman that lay stretched out on George’s aluminum table. Chipped red polish and a toe-tag decorated her big toe. A helpless feeling washed over Bud at the thought that this woman was dead and there was no one to blame. Disease and a slow wearing down of the body had done the job. Bud realized that he had fooled himself into believing that he was the hunter, but the sight of the dead woman drove home the reality to his frozen mind that the true hunter was disease and time.
Her and me—all of us—we are the hunted.
Bud clenched his fists in an attempt to resist the shudder that threatened to run through him. At some point, there was nothing left to do—except clean up what was left of a person’s body, put him or her in a box and bury it in the dirt.
“George!” Gabby rapped out.
Bud’s attention was jerked back to the moment at hand. He eyed the back of George’s head, which did not turn in response to his wife’s voice. The only thing George seemed to be concentrating on was the corpse—and ignoring his wife.
Bud hadn’t seen George in years, not since he’d busted him for being the firebug responsible for seven arsons back in ‘78. Bud had known that George had gotten released from prison and he’d been aware that George had gone into the mortuary business.
“George!” Gabby said, more loudly.
“Hmmm,” George said, still not bothering to turn his attention from the corpse. Gabby said, “It’s the police—”
“Not another pig!” George said, disgusted. He threw his head upward, but didn’t turn around. “That’s just what I need! I’m a nervous wreck as it is and I gotta deal with, like, a hundred pigs and their bawlin' wives? Jesus! Put Officer Ham-Hocks on my schedule and leave me alone. I gotta get this bitch’s pie-hole sewn shut and I ran outta cotton. Go upstairs and get me some toilet paper and a plastic bag—that’ll work for stuffing up her mouth so I can sew the damned thing shut. What’s for dinner?”
Gabby gave Bud a “he’s all yours” look and left the room.
George half-turned his head and yelled after her, “No more pork chops! You make me one more pork chop and I’m gonna fuckin’ turn into a pork chop, ya hear?”
“Hello, George,” Bud said in a quiet voice.
George spun around. At the sight of Bud, his face drained grey and he gasped, “Jesus—” Bud jerked his chin toward the dead woman. “Whose pie-hole are you sewing shut, George? Another bawling wife—or a pig?”
George stepped forward, hands out. “Now, Bud, you know me—I talk a lot of stupid, but you know I don’t mean nothing by it.”
Bud walked forward, trying not to look at the dead woman, but somehow failing. She was 50-something. Her nakedness was the unforgiving nakedness of death; every line, fat pocket and wrinkle lay exposed.
Bud looked away, but not before he had seen that her eyes were a waxy yellow and her mouth hung open with a vulgar slackness. On George’s work stand, a large needle and flesh-colored sutures waited to sew her lips shut.
George said, “You know I got nothin’ against the police, right, Bud?” “Met your wife,” Bud said.
“Gabby? Yeah,” George jerked his head nervously toward the door. “She know about you?” Bud said.
George gulped.
Bud said, “You off the matches, George?”
“I’m an honest businessman!” George said, his shrill voice cracking like a schoolboy. “Once a fire-bug, always a fire-bug,” Bud said, his voice hard.
“I did my time,” George said.
Bud motioned around the room. “You have your state license in order, George?” “Whatdya mean?” George said, his eyes narrowing.
“I mean,” Bud said, “are you an upstanding member of the state board of morticians and the official board of—oh, I don’t know—sewing-up a dead pig’s mouth?”
George stared at him, eyes bulging with fear.
Bud said, “You paid up on all your dues? You up to date on all the newest techniques of stuffing bawling wives’ mouths with—toilet paper?”
“I was joking! I would never—”
“I wonder what you stuff a pig’s mouth with, George?”
“Aw, Jesus,” George said, sitting down heavily on a stool, a look of defeat and bitterness spreading over his features. “I can’t catch a break! I finally go legit and, doesn’t matter, you’re gonna come in here and screw my balls to the wall. What’s the point?”
Bud sighed, looking around the room. He didn’t come here to torture the schmuck, but the “pig” comments had gotten under his skin.
What if I end up on George’s table?
Bud suppressed another shudder, promising himself that he would have the cremation talk with Chip that night. He’d rather burn to ashes than let a jail-bird creep stuff his mouth full of god-knows-what when he was lying helpless on a cold slab.
“I’m an honest businessman,” George said in a low whine of a voice.
Bud eyed George, knowing that he had done his time. George might be an honest businessman, but Bud suspected not. Bud said, “How’d you get past the state boards—with your record?”
George gave a half-hearted shrug, not bothering to look up or answer.
Bud said, “I’m betting that one phone call could trigger a new background check.” George gave him a baleful look. “I’m up to my scalp in debt, Bud. I got nothing to give you—”
“I want information,” Bud said. George blinked.
“You ever get approached by anyone wanting to buy dead bodies?” Bud said.
“Transplantable organs?”
Startled, George’s eyes widened, but not before Bud saw a flicker of terror in his eyes that sent his own pulse racing.
“No,” George shook his head firmly. “I heard about such things, but I never—” “One phone call, George!” Bud said.
George stared at him, unsure.
“Transplant tourism,” Bud said. “I want the names of the top players in town.”
“I don’t know nothin’,” George said, his lips compressing to the point of whiteness. “Come on, George,” Bud said in a deceptively smooth voice. “Even a cockroach knows which way is up. You telling me you don’t know which way is up?”
George stayed silent.
“It’s simple,” Bud said. “I want names. You want to keep your license.” “How would I know?” George said, sounding as miserable as he looked.
“Word on the street is that you’re involved in the trafficking of human organs on the black market,” Bud said, surprised at the impromptu lie.
“I’m a honest businessman!” George shouted, looking like he was on the edge of a crying jag.
“Then tell me who isn’t an honest businessman,” Bud said. “I’m telling you, I don’t know!”
Bud pulled out his cell phone as if to put in that one phone call. George jumped up, panic-stricken. “I don’t know nothing—!” Bud punched numbers into his cell phone.
George reached for Bud’s cell, but stopped himself. He scowled and said, “I don’t know nothin’, but—you can talk to my cousin, Rudy. He can tell you—things.”
“Is he a mortician?” Bud said, holding the phone to his ear as the cell phone rang. “No,” George said slowly, “but—with Rudy, it’s sort of a—particular interest.” “Why?” Bud said.
“You talk to him,” George said, eyeing Bud’s cell phone that was still ringing, “and, uh, you won’t put in that call, right?”
Bud hung up on the call just as his barber answered. He pulled out his notebook and pen and said, “Where can I reach Rudy?”
George hesitated, then said, “He’s in the clink.”
Bud shot him a look, curious. “Which one?” “Florence,” George said.
Bud nodded, well aware that the Florence Detention Center was notorious for being the worse immigrant-holding facility in Arizona. Most of the inmates were illegal immigrants being held for deportation while the rest were mostly hardened criminals. Bud said, “What’s he in for?”
George hesitated and then said, “Ask him about the Beast.”

Chapter 13
I take a pleasure in inquiring into things. I’ve never been content to pass a stone without looking under it. And it is a black disappointment to me that I can never see the far side of the moon. John Steinbeck, East of Eden
Enid and Jack waited for the elevator that was to take them to the eighteenth floor, where Jack had an appointment with the owner of the dating agency, Perfect Match.
Enid gave a surreptitious glance at Jack from under her eyelashes. His recent words had lit a glow of happiness deep inside of her and she was trying hard to hide her true feelings from him. Her happiness was mingled with embarrassment and she sure as heck didn’t want him to know that what he had said had struck her to the core. She was taking a secret pleasure in hugging that foreign emotion of happiness to herself—unshared and owned only by her. In the past, when she had dared to share happiness with another person—particularly her mother—her happiness had always come back more threadbare and faded than when she had sent it out.
In the car on the way to the meeting, Enid had cursed in front of Jack for the first time.
She didn’t know why she had done it, but the words had popped out of her mouth before she could stop them. Jack had told her that it was low-class to curse and then he had said the magic words—
You’re better than that.
No one had ever said anything like that to her before. It made her feel stupid with embarrassment at how happy his words made her.
Does he really think I’m better than that?
Enid’s mind went back to the time in fifth grade when she had made the mistake of asking her mother what being called “white trash” meant. Her mother, in mid-gulp of her McCormick vodka, had choked to a sputtering stop and furiously demanded who had called her white trash.
With difficulty, Enid had managed to convinced her mother that she had heard it on Nickelodeon—on a Dukes of Hazzard re-run. That explanation, along with helping her mother apply two fresh NicoDerm patches to her left arm, had finally appeased her mother down to an occasional anti-Nickelodeon curse muttered between slurping gulps and sloppy belches.
Enid hadn’t dared to tell her mother that Jackie Utton, her arch-nemesis at school, had told the entire fifth grade that Enid’s mom was a white-trash drunk who jacked-off donkeys for one-dollar bills. Enid had understood that the jacking of donkeys for one-dollar bills was a stupid lie, although Enid couldn’t figure out why someone would want to steal a donkey like you would jack a car, but she had been troubled by the white-trash statement, which smelled like it might be something real—and possibly true.
Later that same day, at the school library, Enid had looked up “white trash” in the giant dictionary that sat on it’s own special table. Her fears were confirmed when she read: white trash, usually disparaging, a member of an inferior or underprivileged white social group. Enid was just about to look up the word “disparaging” (just to be sure that it was an insult) when Jackie Utton had black-magically appeared behind her. Before Enid turn the page to a more benign word, Jackie’s evil eye had followed Enid’s finger and she she had caught the full meaning of the moment. Eyes lighting up with triumph, Jackie had grabbed the back of Enid’s head and shoved Enid’s nose into the musty binding of the dictionary and then proceeded to crunch the book closed—on Enid’s head.
Enid had tried to yell for help, but Jackie had shoved her face even harder into the book with a force that silenced Enid down to a series of choking grunts of pain.
Jackie had turned and jeeringly announced to everyone, “Dumb-ass Iglowski is so dumb, she’s gotta look up white trash in the dictionary—just so she can see a picture of her mother!
Iglowski has to look up donkey-dick to see a picture of her father!”
Her nose burning with pain and unable to breathe, Enid struggled to break free, but Jackie forced Enid’s face deeper into the binding. Black spots danced before her eyes and Enid felt her body go limp when, with dizzying ferocity, Jackie released her hold on Enid’s head and sent Enid sprawling to the floor. The oversized dictionary toppled off its stand and landed on Enid’s left shoulder with a thud. Groaning with pain, Enid rolled over and gripped her throbbing shoulder, too dazed with pain to do anything more than lay there like a wounded slug.
Sensible black shoes appeared within Enid’s line of vision. Recognizing the librarian’s swollen ankles with their purple patchwork of burst spider veins that she had seen too many times to mistake for anyone else, Enid let her head loll helplessly on the faded carpet that smelled vaguely of Cheetos, and vainly hoped for a fair trial—or, at least, mercy.
Enid looked up and quickly realized that she had aimed too high in hoping for any such pie-in-the-sky ideas like fairness. The librarian towered over her, scowling down at Enid like she had taken a gold-medal crap in her favorite book.
Ignoring the librarian’s rant, Enid struggled to sit up. Once in the sitting position, Enid reached up and gently felt her nose, which had something slippery oozing down onto her lip.
Blood or snot?
A glob slipped down into her mouth and she winced as she tasted—
Both.
Ms. Perkins’ voice cut through Enid’s dazed mind as she demanded, “Are you listening to me?”
Enid looked up and saw that Jackie Utton was standing behind Ms. Perkins. There was a malicious glint in Jackie’s eyes that was unmistakeable. It was an ironclad promise of pain—if Enid squealed.
Enid had decided it was in her best interest to keep her mouth shut, but it didn’t matter. Both she and Jackie got detention, which meant that they got dismissed from school at the same time, virtually ensuring that Enid was easy prey for Jackie’s unrelenting wrath. For one week, every day at 4:00 o’clock, Enid was forced to dart from the school in the vain attempt to out-run her tormenter. Enid was fast, but Jackie’s speed was fueled by what Enid supposed was her currently undiagnosed mental disorder that somehow made her even faster. By the time their week of detention was completed, Enid had multi-colored layers of bruising, and she had developed a nervous tick in her left eye that took months to subside.
From that day forward, even into her high school days, Enid found that Jackie had successfully branded her and her mother as white trash. After Sandy Dickenson explained to Enid that jacking-off a donkey was not stealing a donkey like you jacked a car, Enid counted herself as lucky that the whole dollar-donkey-thing only got mentioned on special occasions when Jackie was feeling extra-mean, instead of her usual normal level of mean.
The elevator doors slipped open, forcing Enid’s thoughts back to the present. As they got onto the elevator, Enid glanced at Jack again. She thought about what he had told her in the car on the way over. He had told her that he didn’t want her to disappear from his life and he had sounded like he meant it, but Enid wasn’t convinced. She wanted to believe him, but it wasn’t that easy. It never was easy for her, and Enid couldn’t help but wonder why it was that way.
Despite all that, Enid was forced to admit—if only to herself—that Jack’s insurance story was probably legit.
Enid cast him a quick look and her eyes lingered on his face. For the first time, she suddenly realized that Jack had dark circles under his eyes and he looked tired—more than tired. He looked beaten-down and—old.
Disturbed, Enid’s eyes were again caught by the hideous bruises on his neck. A sudden and horrible thought hit her like a Mack truck and, before she could stop herself, she blurted out, “You tried to hang yourself!”
Jack’s neck snapped in her direction, and his eyes were haggard with horror and—
Pain?
Before she could say anything, he snarled, “What the fuck are you talking about!”
Enid flinched at the razor-edged rawness in his voice. Scared, she stepped back from him.
“Jesus Christ!” Jack said, looking away in disgust.
“Then how’d it happen?” Enid said, unable to stop the questions from bursting out of her. She was furious with herself for destroying the fleeting happiness that she had been feeling, but, as always, her burning curiosity got the better of her. The thought that Jack tried to hang himself made her feel sick with terror.
“I got in a fight and the mother-fucker tried to strangle me,” Jack said, his voice hoarse with emotion.
“With who?” Enid said, unable to stop herself from pressing.
“None of your goddamned business!” Jack snarled, his eyes the color of cold flint. “Swear it!” Enid said, feeling the need to be convinced.
Jack stared at her like she was a disease.
Undeterred, Enid said, “Swear to me you didn’t try to hang yourself!” “My mother hanged herself,” Jack said, his words falling like dead things.
Enid’s mouth went dry and, for a moment, she felt faint. Instinctively, Enid knew that Jack was telling the truth. She stared at Jack, wanting to say something, but she was unable to utter anything other than a slight hissing sound that escaped through her teeth.
The only other sound was the mechanical slide of the elevator upward.
After a long moment, Enid said, “Button up your collar. You look like you’ve got the world’s worst hickey.” Enid winced at her own words. That wasn’t what she wanted to say—not at all.
His face set like granite, Jack did as she suggested.
The elevator came to a smooth stop and the doors slid open. Jack strode out and Enid followed. Jack pushed his way through a glass door that read Perfect Match.
A blast of air-conditioning hit them as they entered and Enid was relieved to feel the cool air against her burning cheeks. Relieved for any diversion, Enid examined the reception room, which was decorated in soft pinks and purples that gave it the feel of a Barbie’s dream office. The walls were plastered with framed photographs of happy couples. Enid stopped in front of one of the photos to take a closer look. To say the couple was mis-matched was like saying that the Titanic took on a bit of water. The man was as old as the woman was young—and the difference was jarring. Enid’s eyes scooted over the photos, which were all of old geezers squeezing much younger women to their sides.
“Yuck,” Enid said, wrinkling her nose at the thought of being married to a geezer—much less kissing one of them.
“Enid,” Jack said, giving her a warning look.
“What?” Enid said, feigning innocence.
Jack gave her another look and, still embarrassed, Enid made a show of examining more photographs.
Jack walked to the empty reception desk, his eyes scanning the work area.
Enid walked to a set of double doors that led to a private office dominated by a huge cherry-wood desk. She walked into the office, staring with open-mouthed astonishment at the view. The massive windows took up an entire wall, and Enid was mesmerized by the view that gave her an unexpectedly new perspective of the city she had been living in for over six months.
It’s so green!
Enid stared at the vista spread out before her. From the city street below, Phoenix looked like a desert that had been strategically decorated with smartly placed palm trees, saguaro cacti and bright flowers of varying colors. From eighteen stories up, Phoenix looked surprisingly lush with rivers of green that cut their way through the concrete city.
There’s more green than concrete.
The sharp click of a woman’s high heels on marble could be heard coming from somewhere deep in the office. Enid spun around and darted back into the reception room, which had plush white carpeting.
A stylishly dressed woman entered from a hallway that looked like it led to more offices.
The woman strode toward Jack with a perfectly placed plastic smile. She extended her manicured hand to Jack and, speaking with an accent, said, “Katya Charkov. You are Jack Fox?”
Enid shot Jack a suspicious look. He had told her that he was going there under false pretenses, which she assumed had meant another name. Jack didn’t see her look, so Enid turned back to examining the woman.
Katya Charkov wasn’t a pretty woman, but she was striking. Too tall and too thin, her designer clothes hung limply against her flat chest and narrow hips. Her face had the tell-tale look of a dermatologist’s playground—Juvederm, Collagen, and Restylane had given her lips the tell-tale trout-pout, and her skin was as tight as a snare drum. Only the glint of her cold blue eyes saved her face from falling into the uncanny valley. Katya's blond hair was pulled up in an elegant side-swipe bun and she wore stilettos that pushed her up to six-foot two.
When Jack and Katya shook hands, Enid was surprised to see Jack flinch. Enid glanced down at their clasped hands and was startled to see that Katya had Jack’s hand in a clench that was turning his knuckles white. Katya released Jack’s hand with a smile that bared her teeth, showing that she had a crooked tooth that vaguely resembled a fang.
“My, my!” Katya said, waving her hand toward Jack’s neck. “What is this?” “Recovering from thyroid surgery,” Jack said, indicating his bruised neck. Before she could answer, Jack gestured to Enid and said, “This is my daughter, Enid.”
“Nice to meet you,” Katya grabbed Enid’s hand and shook it like she was trying to kill it. “Ow!” Enid yelped, yanking her hand free and rubbing it. Katya Charkov might be 98 pounds of fancy-lady fillers, but Enid decided that she shook hands like a long-haul trucker.
Katya stared at Enid in astonishment.
Enid caught another warning look from Jack and, trying to play nice, she said to Katya, “Sorry. Just got out of, uh, piano practice. My hand—”
“A musician,” Katya said with no enthusiasm. “Very nice.” She pointed to the couch in the waiting room and said to Enid, “You wait here. Bathroom,” she pointed down the hall, “to the left.”
Katya jerked her chin, indicating that Jack should follow her. Enid watched as they went into the office with the amazing view. Katya gave one backwards look at Enid and shut the door.
Enid made a face at the closed door, struck a pose and mimicked Katya to perfection, “You wait here. Bathroom—to the left.”
Snorting in disgust, Enid ignored the designated couch and made a beeline for the reception desk. Enid sat down in the receptionist’s chair and dropped the book-bag on the floor. Curious, she picked up a framed photo that sat on the desk. It was the same thing all over again— an older man with the proud smile of a man displaying a prize steer as he hugged a young, pretty blonde to his side. Enid examined the woman’s face in the photo and was surprised to see that she looked happy—surprisingly happy—for having a withered old dude pressed up against her.
Enid returned the framed photo to its spot on the desk. She glanced at the closed office door and then proceeded to open the top drawer of the desk, which was filled with neat rows of pens, paper clips and post-it note pads.
Boring.
Enid shut that drawer and opened the next one down. An anorexic, anemic model pouted up from the cover of a fashion magazine. Enid rummaged through a small pile of similar images gracing the covers of competitor magazines. She spotted a make-up bag shoved in the back, behind the magazines, and she grabbed it. Unzipping the make-up bag, she rummaged through the contents until she found a pale-pink lipstick that looked like it had the least amount of lip cooties on it. Using the compact mirror, Enid carefully applied the lipstick to her lips. She smiled at herself in the mirror, admiring the effect.
She grinned and decided that, no matter what Jack thought about it, she was going to graduate from an occasional ChapStick application to something more glamorous—like fire-engine red.
On impulse, she kissed the mirror, leaving behind tell-tale lip marks. Carefully, Enid put everything back the way she found it, liking the idea of leaving a mystery for the receptionist to solve.
Who kissed my mirror?
Enid was pleased with herself for creating a small mystery and maybe some excitement in the woman’s life, thinking that she loved to solve puzzles, and the more unanswerable a puzzle was—the better she liked it.
Enid shut the drawer and, smacking her lips together, she reveled in the sensation of wearing lipstick. She returned to exploring the woman’s desk and, opening the bottom drawer, her search was rewarded by finding a half-eaten bag of Doritos tucked away in the back. Enid pulled out the bag and dug in. They were stale, but good enough to take the edge off her growing hunger.
From behind the closed office doors, Enid heard Katya’s voice getting louder and more strident. Enid walked over and pressed her ear against the door. All she could hear was the sound of her own teeth crunching on the chips. She took a moment to finish chewing and, once she had swallowed, she pressed her ear against the door again. Jack’s voice was muffled and calm.
Bored, Enid gave up and decided to go in search of the break room, so she could swipe a soda from the fridge.
Another mystery for them to solve—who drank my soda?
Enid headed down the hallway, peering into all of the offices that she passed. She wasn’t surprised to see that they were sticking to a theme of geezer plus hottie.
A girl laughed.
Enid froze, startled to hear a teenage girl’s laughter coming from somewhere ahead of her. It was after normal business hours and Enid had thought that it was only the three of them in the office. Listening, Enid recognized the sounds of a one-sided phone conversation.
Hearing a refrigerator door close, Enid realized that the girl was in the break room that she was looking for. Enid paused, wondering if she should go back to the waiting room. The Doritos had dried out her mouth and left a cheesy after-taste that desperately needed something seriously sugared to wash it down.
The sound of a wet mop slapping the floor emanated from the break room.
Not wanting to startle the girl, Enid edged to the door and cautiously peeked in. A skinny, white teenage girl had her back to Enid as she slapped the mop across the floor in erratic bursts of angry energy. The girl was wearing skinny jeans, ballet slippers and a tight T-shirt that tied at the side. She had a ponytail of long blonde hair and was wearing earphones that fed into her iPhone, which was tucked into her back jeans pocket.
Enid was about to clear her throat or cough when the girl burst out, “No, the bitch ain’t payin' me! She may be making a jerk out of my dad, but I know the deal and the deal is that she’s gonna be missing some cash tomorrow—cause I ain’t slave labor.”
Enid grinned, impressed with the girl’s spunk. She remembered all the times she went deep-sea fishing in her own mother’s wallet when her mother was in a whiskey-fog.
The girl popped her gum and said, “Soon as I’m done, let’s go up to Desert Ridge and see if we can’t get Blake to get us some—”
A loud sound came from the direction of the reception room. Startled, the girl spun around.
Enid jumped into one of the empty offices. Enid wasn’t sure what made her hide from the girl, but she did.
The girl hissed, “Hold on.”
Enid heard the girl’s ballet slippers coming down the hallway in her direction. Inside the office, Enid pressed her back against the wall next to the door, hardly daring to breathe. On the opposite side of the wall that separated them, Enid could feel the girl’s presence as she stopped to listen for any sounds.
Silence.
With a frustrated sigh, the girl returned to the break room, where she resumed mopping and her phone conversation.
Enid decided that the smartest thing to do would be to sneak back to the waiting room, but, to her surprise, Enid found that her feet led her back toward the break room door. Standing in the hallway, Enid listened to the girl’s phone conversation.
In a softer voice, the girl said, “No, it’s just that bitch that my stepmother is always yakking about—you know, that skinny Russian Ho who leaves a back-splash of shit all over the underside of her private john. She’s never here this late—well, except that once.”
Silence.
The girl said, “No, the other bitch. This is the one that gets Russian girls for saggy-balled rich dudes.”
Silence.
The girl laughed softly. “Yeah, her. My stepmom says that she dug enough stuff out of that bitch’s trashcan to put me through college.”
Silence.
The girl said, “Blackmail, stupid. Oh, my stepmom—she’ll never do it, she’s all talk, but when she gets loaded she goes on and on about how she’s got the “dirt” on this one who is running a sex-Russian-bride-thing and that guy down on two who is running a vitamin company, but never has any customers and has a different color Ferrari for every day of the week.”
Silence.
The girl said, “Don’t you know anything? That’s how the paparazzi gets the goods on the Kardashians—they go through their garbage.”
Silence.
The girl said, “Okay, maybe not the Kardashians, but the rest of them—everything you don’t want anybody to know ends up in the garbage. You can’t believe the stuff we find! I tell ya, if you’re doing something bad, don’t ever piss off the cleaning crew, ‘cause we know what’s what.”
Enid was listening so intently that she didn’t realize that the girl had finished mopping until the girl swung around the corner—and slammed full-force into her.
With bone-crunching force, the girl collided with Enid. As Enid flew backwards and slammed into the wall, their piercing shrieks mixed together like the blast of two high-pitched air-raid sirens.
Enid got a blurred vision of the girl’s bug eyes as the girl came after her with the mop, brandishing it like a medieval weapon.
Freaked out, Enid turned and sprinted down the hallway. She ran into the reception room and straight toward the closed office door. She had a confused plan to get Jack between her and the crazy girl with the mop.
Just as she reached the door, it swung open and slammed into her face. The last thing Enid remembered was the searing pain in her nose and the sensation of plummeting downward— into black nothingness.

Chapter 14
Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry. Democritus (460 BC - 370 BC)
Jack’s meeting with Katya was not going well. Jack had explained to Katya that his friends, Ed and Layla Farnship, who had met through her agency, had referred him to her. As soon as he mentioned Layla’s name, Katya’s had face had pulled tighter than a top Scottsdale plastic surgeon would have been capable of doing.
Trying his best to look and sound sincere, Jack said, “I’ll be honest with you, Katya.
Layla showed me some photos and told me so much about her sister, Marina, that, well—I’ll cut you a check right now if you can set me up with a meeting with Marina. I know it sounds crazy, but—she’s everything I’ve been looking for in a woman and I’d like to meet her.”
Katya’s eyes flickered with what Jack suspected was greed, but she shook her head adamantly. “Marina was scheduled to come over, to meet a gentleman, but she never got on the plane. We no longer represent Marina. She broke her contract by not arriving on the scheduled flight. In fact, she owes us money.”
“Surely you can get in contact with her,” Jack said. “I’ll pay double your usual rate. I know it sounds insane, but—I want to marry Marina.” Katya stared at him, her eyes alight with avarice.
“Triple,” Jack said, thinking that he could almost hear the cash registers clanging in her head.
Regretfully, Katya shook her head. “Marina never got on the plane. If you are interested in another girl—”
Shrill screams ripped through the office.
Jack and Katya sat for a moment, both frozen, their eyes meeting in alarm. They both jumped up and bolted for the door. Planting an elbow into Jack’s ribs, Katya jostled past him and got to the door first. Katya threw the door open, but it slammed into something with a vicious thunk and then swung back so forcefully that Katya would have been knocked off her feet, except that Jack grabbed her and kept her from falling.
Katya, finding herself in a tangle of Jack’s arms, indignantly thrust him away from her. Katya stumbled forward and, when she reached the doorway, she stopped. Hand clapping over her mouth, Katya stared in horror at something on the floor.
Jack reached the door and, looking past Katya, he saw Enid laying on the white carpet like she was a limp rag doll.
It was Jack’s turn to shove past Katya. He hurried to Enid’s side, where he knelt next to her and gave her a firm shake. “Enid! Are you all right?”
Enid lay unmoving and unconscious, blood oozing from her nose, which had the unmistakable hump-dump look of a broken nose.
“Je-sus,” Jack said as he took off his outer shirt and balled it up, so he could placed it gently but firmly over her nose to staunch the bleeding.
A girl’s voice rang out from the opposite side of the room, “It wasn’t my fault!”
Startled, Jack looked over to see a terrified-looking teenage girl standing in the entrance to the hallway. She was gripping a sopping-wet mop like it was her only defense against a hostile world.
“What the hell happened?” Jack demanded.
The girl’s eyes darted from Katya to Jack to the unconscious Enid and back to Katya. “It wasn’t my fault! I didn’t know she was there. I—”
“Where is your mother?” Katya snapped. “Why isn’t she here?” The girl burst into tears, turned and ran down the hallway.
“Enid,” Jack said, tapping her face lightly in an attempt to rouse her.
“My rug! She is bleeding on my rug!” Katya gestured frantically at the white carpet that Enid was bleeding on.
“Smelling salts!” Jack said to Katya. “You got any smelling salts?”
“You will pay for my rug!” Katya said, jabbing her finger at the bloody carpet. Ignoring Katya, Jack turned all his attention to Enid. He lightly slapped Enid’s cheek.
When she didn’t respond, he slapped Enid’s face harder.
Enid’s eyes fluttered open.
Jack bent over her, examining her face with concern. “Enid, are you okay?” “Uhhh,” Enid groaned, her eyes unfocused.
Jack sighed, relieved that she was at least conscious.
Enid weakly tried to bat away his hand that pressed the shirt to her nose.
“I gotta stop the bleeding,” Jack said, blocking her hand. “I’ll get you to a doctor, but— do you hurt anywhere else?” Jack recalled warnings of never moving an injured person because of a possible broken neck. He eased his fingers around her neck and gently felt around, not sure what he was looking for besides pain or more blood. Finding nothing, he pulled his shirt from her nose to check it. A spurt of blood ran across her right cheek and began pooling in her ear. Jack pressed the shirt back on her nose. “We gotta get you to a hospital,” Jack said more to himself than to anyone else.
Enid was slipping back into la-la-land, so Jack gave her a cautious shake. She didn’t respond.
Fear getting the better of him, Jack slapped Enid’s cheek again, but, in his nervousness, he slapped too hard.
Enid’s right fist shot up and caught Jack under the chin. The punch was surprisingly strong and caught Jack unawares. Jack felt a shot of pain in his mouth and heard a distinct, sickening crack, that sounded about the size of some lucky dentist’s mortgage payment. Dazed, Jack found himself on his back, staring up at the ceiling.
“Holy—!” Jack said, struggling to sit up.
Enid pounced on top of him like a cat on a mouse. She clenched his T-shirt in both hands and her face was a mask of twisted fury. “You—jerk!”
Enid was shaking him so hard that Jack felt the cracked tooth pop out and land on his tongue.
Blood was dripping from Enid’s nose and splattering all over Jack as she yelled into his face, “You hit me! You hit me!”
Jack managed to turn his head—mostly to keep from swallowing his tooth. He managed to capture the loose tooth between his tongue and the top of his mouth and he spit it out onto Katya’s not-so white carpet.
“My carpet!” Katya screamed, pointing at Jack’s tooth and the bloody shirt, which Enid had thrown aside.
“I was trying to help you!” Jack yelled up at Enid.
“You hit me!” Enid wailed, “You can’t fucking hit me! I won’t let you!”
Katya jumped forward and snatched the bloody shirt off her carpet and shoved it back onto Enid’s nose, which was splattering blood everywhere. “Take it! Get out!”
“Owww!” Enid howled in pain as Katya jammed the shirt into her nose.
“You are an animal child!” Katya screamed at Enid. She turned to Jack, “Get out! Both of you—out!”
Jack made a sucking sound between the gap where his tooth had once been. He clamped his hand to his jaw in an attempt to stop the pain and, with great effort, he shoved Enid off of him.
Enid went flying and, like a cat, she landed in a crouched position on her feet. She glared at Jack, a wild look in her eyes and her face a bloody mess.
“Come on!” Jack said to Enid as he struggled to his feet. “Let’s get outta here.”
Enid jumped to her feet, a stubborn look on her face. Tears mixing with blood, she backed away, pointing at him. “You hit me!” she yelled.
“I didn’t hit you!” Jack yelled back. He pointed at Katya, “She opened the door and it knocked you out. It was an accident—”
Enid pointed to where she had woken up on the floor. “You hit me!” “You hit me!” Jack said, pointing angrily to his jaw.
“That cop told me to call him if you so much as looked at me wrong and—you hit me!”
Jack eyed her incredulously, fear blossoming in his guts. “I was trying to wake you up.
For god’s sake, you were unconscious!”
Enid opened her mouth to speak, but Jack interrupted her. “She opened the door and knocked you out. You were unconscious and I tried to rouse you by gently,” Jack made a exaggeratedly gentle slapping motion of his hand, “tapping your face—a little too hard—maybe, but I was trying to make sure you weren’t dead!”
Enid eyed him with suspicion. “But you still hit me,” she said, her voice sounding more unsure.
Jack looked up at the ceiling, closed his eyes. “Fucking mother-fucker,” he said wearily. Her voice shrill, Katya said, “What about—?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Jack said, snapping his head in her direction. “Your fucking stupid carpet.
Obviously, that’s the big issue here—your stupid, stupid white carpet! Who in the fuck buys a white carpet?”
“You’re paying for it!” Katya said. “You ruined my—”
Enid turned on her angrily. “Yeah! ‘Cause you opened the door—on my face.”
Katya stepped back, alarmed at Enid’s hideously bloody countenance. “There is Urgent Care—down the street—”
Jack glanced from Katya to Enid, thinking. He pulled out his cell phone and said, “I’m calling 911.”
Katya jumped forward, frightened. “No! We’re done!”
“My brother is a cop,” Jack said, punching in fake numbers for 9-1-1. He wanted to see just how scared Ms. Katya was of the cops.
Katya’s voice went up two octaves as she let out a shriek. She grabbed Jack’s cell phone from his hand and flung it toward the elevators. Katya sprang at Enid and manhandled her toward the elevators. “Get out!”
Enid broke loose and ran to the reception desk, where she grabbed her book-bag. Katya came after her, but Enid beat her to the elevators.
Katya jumped past Enid and repeatedly jabbed the “down” button on the elevator control pad. “Horrible!” she screamed. “You’re both horrible!” The elevator doors slid open and Katya came after Enid like she was going to do her harm.
Moving quickly, Jack got in front of Enid before Katya could get to her. “Go,” Jack said, gesturing for Enid to get on the elevator.
Enid got in the elevator and Jack followed.
Katya pointed at Enid, “Children should be seen and not heard. You are—are—animal!”
Before Jack realized what Enid was doing, Enid stepped forward. Her nose had stopped bleeding, but Enid stopped-up one nostril with a finger, aimed her open nostril at Katya and blew with all her might. A giant clot of blood flew in a perfect arc and landed on Katya’s shoulder like a giant blood-snot-broach.
Katya shrieked, tearing off her blouse, revealing a siren-red bra. The elevator doors slid shut.
As the elevator travelled downward, both Jack and Enid listened to Katya’s screamed curses that quickly faded under the sounds of the moving elevator. They both stood silent, staring straight ahead at the elevator door.
“Jesus H. Christ,” Jack said softly, “that was—disgusting.”
From under the wadded-up shirt pressed to her nose, which was bleeding again, Enid mumbled, “She deserved it.”
They came to a stop on the fifth floor and the doors slid open.
A well-dressed older lady was waiting patiently. At the sight of Jack and Enid, her eyes widened. She looked from Enid to Jack and, after a moment, she said, “I’ll get the next one, thank you.”
Jack hit the button and the doors slid shut. Frowning, he said to Enid, “You do understand that I didn't hit you on purpose, right? I mean, I slapped you because—”
“I got it!” Enid said, her voice dripping with sarcasm, “you were trying to help me.”
“I was trying to help you!” Jack snapped.
“I got it!” Enid said, her voice tight with anger.
Jack scowled, wishing he believed that she actually did believe him. He couldn’t help recalling the scene in the principal’s office earlier that day. He was already on the radar with the Officer Carlson, the school and Enid’s counselor, and the thought of being brought up on child abuse charges turned his bowels cold with terror.
A shiver ran down Jack’s spine. He gave Enid a surreptitious glance and couldn’t help but wince at the sight of her swollen nose and her blood-smeared face and hands. He looked away, feeling queasy. Trying hard to sound calmer, Jack said, “You and that girl—what happened? Why were you screaming?”
“Doesn’t matter,” Enid said, her voice surly.
The elevator doors slid open and Jack held out his hand, stopping Enid from exiting. He pointed upward and said, “You can tell me now—or we can head back up and I’ll get to the bottom of it myself.”
“Fine!” Enid said.
Jack dropped his arm and let her pass. They got off the elevator and walked toward the parking garage. Jack glanced around, relieved to see that they were alone in the large lobby. “Spill it,” Jack said. “Did you two get in a fight?”
Enid made a face and said, “It’s a long story.”
“You weren’t gone long enough to have a long story.” Enid shrugged. “It wasn’t my fault.”
Jack made a frustrated sound. His tongue found its way up to the hole where his tooth had been and he rubbed his jaw, which hurt.
“That wasn’t my fault either!” Enid said, her face was a mixture of guilt, fear and resentment. “Oh, come on! It didn’t hurt that bad—”
“This,” Jack said, pointing to his jaw, “please tell me that you do realize that this is the least of our problems, right?”
Enid frowned, unsure.
Jack pointed upward and said, “You do know that you can’t blow bloody snot on people, right? You can go to jail for pulling a stunt like that!”
“She broke my nose!” Enid said.
“Jesus, Enid! You can’t go through life doing whatever pops into your head! Someday, doing the shit that you do is going to get you in trouble—the kind of trouble that you won’t be able to weasel your way out of—”
“I weaseled my way out of the serial killer’s room!” Enid snapped.
Jack shot her a look, startled. In the past six months, she hadn’t said one word about what had happened to her in that room. She never talked about that. He didn’t either.
Enid’s face, the part of it he could see behind the balled-up shirt that she pressed to her nose, was bright red. Jack took a deep breath and reminded himself that he was supposed to be the mature adult. After a moment, he said, “No matter what you think, I have your best interests at heart. You can’t go through life acting like a—”
“Like a what?” Enid said challengingly.
Jack forced himself to speak calmly. “You can’t blow snot and blood on people, Enid.
You’re not a kid anymore.”
Enid stared up at him, surprised. After a moment, she repeated his words as if trying to believe them herself. “I’m not a kid anymore.”
“I know you’re not,” Jack said, unable to hide the worry that was eating at him. “That’s why you have to stop doing stuff like that. You’re—you’re—a young lady.”
Enid gave a disparaging “yeah, right” snort. “Bullshit! I’m not a kid anymore, but I sure as hell am not a—” Enid mimicked Jack as she said, “young lady.”
“I fucking told you to stop cussing!” Jack said, losing his temper.
“Why?” Enid said tauntingly. “Because I’m better than that?”
Jack was about to respond angrily, but something in her eyes made him stop. He looked at her, wondering what that particular expression in her eyes meant. It puzzled him and he didn’t like being puzzled. He hesitated, then said, “Yes. You are better than that, Enid.”
Enid frowned and looked down, examining the balled-up bloody shirt with great interest. Jack tried to catch a glimpse of her eyes, but they remained hidden from his view.
Frustrated, he looked around the lobby as if looking for someone who could explain to him what the hell goes on in the mind of a teenage girl. Not finding any answers, he shook his head and said, “In less than a year, you’ll be 18. You’ll be legally—an adult. Which means if you pull shit like you did back there, you will end up in jail. I won’t always be there to fish you out of trouble—”
“I wouldn’t even be here except you dragged me along,” Enid said, her voice strangely subdued.
Jack gave her a quick glance, confused. All the anger was gone from her voice. Relieved that the tension had somehow eased, Jack laughed wryly and said, “I wouldn’t have dragged you along if I wasn’t jammed up for time because of you telling everyone that I was trying to kill you. Working cases—I gotta do it. It’s how I pay the bills.” Too late, Jack realized what he said.
Wincing, he waited for a smart-aleck rejoinder from Enid.
Enid remained silent for a long moment. She looked at him, her eyes serious. “You do need to find that girl who chased me with the mop.”
Exasperated, Jack burst out, “I’m trying to talk to you and you’re not listening! You never listen. That’s your problem! You’re all mouth and sass—”
“Sass?” Enid said, trying to laugh, but stopping because blood spurted out of her nose. She pressed the shirt to her nose and managed to talk out the side of her mouth. “Okay, gran-maw, didn’t mean to sass you none.”
Furious, but not quite understanding why he was so furious, Jack yelled, “You dumb fuckin’ kid, you just don’t get it!”
Enid stared at up at him, mouth agape.
Not even trying to stop himself, Jack let the words spill out of him. “You can’t do shit like that! You’re going to end up dead or in jail or pissing off the wrong person and you’ll end up on some fucking “Disappeared” episode—”
Enid broke away from him and yelled, “I’m not dumb! You’re dumb! I’m trying to tell you that you gotta find that girl. She—”
“It’s like talking to a brick wall!” Jack said, throwing up his hands in disgust. He turned and stalked to the car, more pissed off with himself and his own lack of control than with Enid. He hadn’t meant to lose his temper and, once again, he was forced to admit that when it came to being a dad—
I suck.
Jack looked around the parking garage, feeling the urge to break something.
Enid ran after him. “I’ll tell you who’s dumb! You’re working a case in there, right?”
Jack unlocked the car and popped the trunk, where he dug around until he found a spare shirt that he kept on hand in case of emergencies. He pulled it on and got in the car and, not trusting himself to speak, he got out his cell phone and began searching for the nearest Urgent Care, so that some unlucky slob of a doctor could take x-rays of the that brick-skull of hers and fix her fucking nose so she wouldn’t look like Rocky Balboa the rest of her life. Then he needed to get himself to his dentist, Dr. Brenda Gentry, to fix the gaping hole in his own head that had once held a tooth, but was now full of a dull, aching throb that was sending spikes of pain into his skull. Jack looked in the rearview mirror, examining his missing tooth—and then he eyed the ugly bruises on his neck. “Damn it!” Jack said, pushing the rearview mirror away.
He looked over and saw that Enid stood outside the car, watching him. “Get in the car!” Jack yelled.
Still holding the shirt against her nose, Enid got into the car. “Put on your seat belt,” Jack said.
Jack started the car, but sat staring at the cinder block wall. “What are you waiting for?” Enid said.
Jack shook his head and said, “They’re going to take one look at you and call the fucking police.”
“Why?”
Jack gave a mirthless laugh. “We’re both beat to hell and back—and we look like we did it to each other.”
“That lady,” Enid said, hooking her thumb back at the building, “you investigating her, right?”
Jack hung his head, too exasperated to respond. After a moment, he pulled out of the parking space and headed for the exit.
Enid said, “You taking me to the hospital?”
Without looking at her, Jack said, “They’re going to ask you if I did that to you. You need to tell them the truth. Don’t fuck around, Enid, you could get me in real trouble.”
Enid stared at him, unsure, like she was waiting for the punchline. When none came, she said, “You act like you’re scared of me.”
“I am,” Jack said flatly. Enid said, “You are not.” “Am,” Jack said grimly. Enid stared at him, unsure.
Jack said, “I’m also scared for you.” “Why?” Enid said, frowning.
Jack made a right-hand turn onto the street. “There’s an Urgent Care on—” Enid said, “Why are you scared for me?”
Jack remained silent several moments and then said, “You leap before you look—or think. I would pay good money if I could just get you to think first—before you leap.”
Enid made a disparaging sound and looked out the window. After a moment, she turned back to Jack and said, “You gotta find that girl.”
“Oh, my god—!”
“That girl’s stepmother,” Enid said, “she’s got proof that that Katya-lady is selling Russian girls to rich geezers.”
Jack’s head snapped toward Enid. He stared at her, dumbfounded.
Enid jabbed her finger at him and said, “It’s you that doesn’t listen. Me?” Enid pointed to herself, “Yeah, you do need to be scared of me, ‘cause while you’re in there chewing the fat with Helga-sells-Russian-brides-to-rich-old-geezers, I’m out there solving your stupid case.”
“You don’t know shit!” Jack said with a scowl as he turned his attention back to the road. “HA!” Enid said derisively. “That girl’s stepmother dug enough proof out of the trash to blackmail “Helga”—not to mention some Vitamin-selling scum-bag on the second floor—for enough money to pay for mop-girl’s college!”
Jack stared at her, mouth agape.
Enid pointed to her nose, “Urgent Care, Sherlock.”
Fighting back sharp words, Jack focused on driving. He stared forward, tried to remain stone-faced and unimpressed even though he was feeling the exact opposite.
She got more info than I did!
Jack didn’t know how she did it, but—damn! Enid was an unpredictable pain-in-the-ass, Hoover-vacuum vortex of sucking him dry of time-food-money-energy, but she did have an uncanny ability to get information that somehow had eluded him. He glanced at her, wondered if she was going to end up a detective.
God, I hope not!
It hit Jack that he had no idea what Enid wanted to do for a living—or what she wanted to study when she went to college. If she went to college. He frowned, unable to believe that he had never bothered to ask her any questions regarding her future. Not one question, not even one conversation. Jack’s thoughts raced back over the last six months. With a frown, Jack realized that whenever they were in the apartment together that he was either silently stewing in his own dour thoughts or dodging nightmares—not to mention keeping erratic hours. With a sickening feeling, Jack realized that—
Just like my dad was never around for me—I haven’t been around for her.
The realization made him want to puke. Without realizing it, he groaned aloud. “Jeez!” Enid said. “I’m trying not to get blood on your car, but I can’t help it!”
Jack shook his head, wanting to tell her what was going on inside his head, wanting to apologize, but not knowing how to say it.
Enid looked at him, suspicious. “What’s wrong with you?”
Jack shot her a glance and looked away, grimacing at the sight of her. Enid looked tiny.
She was just a tiny, little girl in a big, fat ugly world and—she needed a dad.
A real dad.
The old hurt of not having his own dad around—or even having a dad who would claim him—boiled over inside him, causing him to blurt out, “I want to be your dad!” Enid wrinkled her brow, puzzled. “You are my dad.”
“I mean a real dad. A better dad—”
Enid remained silent, her wide eyes glued on him. “I suck,” Jack said. “I’m—sorry.”
“Don’t worry,” Enid said, rolling her eyes. “I’m not going to tell anyone that you hit me.” “That’s not—!”
Enid held up her hand and said, “You don’t have to pretend to be nice to me just so I don’t—”
“Enid!” Jack snapped.
Enid glared at him, her lips compressed into a tight, unforgiving line. Jack pulled into the parking lot of the Urgent Care and parked.
Enid started to get out, but Jack grabbed her by the wrist, stopping her. “Wait!” he said.
Enid pointed at her nose. “I can feel my heartbeat—in my nose. It hurts.”
Shutting his eyes, Jack’s words tumbled out in a rush. “I’m not saying this because I’m trying to be nice or butter you up. I’m—I’ve been a rotten father to you. You deserve a better dad than me, but—it’s me—I’m your dad and I’m gonna try to—be better. You deserve that.”
Silence.
Cautiously, Jack opened his eyes.
Enid was giving him a look like he was trying to sell her oceanfront property—in Arizona.
Jack’s heart sank and, after a moment, he released her wrist. He felt drained, empty and—utterly defeated. “I’m a rotten dad,” Jack muttered, more to himself than Enid. He shook his head and sighed. “Come on. Let’s get your nose taken care of.”
They both got out of the car and walked in silence to the entrance of the Urgent Care.
Jack cleared his throat and said, “You ever think—what you want to do for a living?” “No,” Enid said, startled.
“We should—isn’t it time we started looking at colleges for you?” Jack said. “I’m not smart enough to go to college,” Enid said matter-of-factly.
Jack spun on her, incredulous. “What jackass told you that?”
Enid stared up at him in surprise. “Umm, I don’t know—I just know—”
“You can do whatever the hell you want to do!” Jack said. “You got brains! You can go to any college you want—”
Enid snort-laughed and then winced. “Ooo, my nose—”
“Come on,” Jack said, steering her toward the entranceway. “You are a Senior, right?” “How do you not know that?” Enid said, shooting him an irritated look.
“We’re going to start looking into colleges for you,” Jack said. “You don’t want to be a bum, do you?”
“You didn’t go to college,” Enid said, “and you’re not a bum.”
Jack didn’t answer. He was too busy promising himself that he was going to go to the library and get a book that would tell him how to be a good dad. He wondered if maybe they had a ‘How to be a good dad for Dummies” book or, better yet, a DVD, so he could skip the reading and just watch the movie.
Jack put his hand up to his jaw. The pain was morphing into a award-winning headache. The memory of his own dad—missing in action, a real bastard—was now driving him. He made a silent pledge that he was going to make it up to Enid. It would be tough going and most likely painful, but he promised that the least he could do was try.
Jack glanced down at Enid, his mind racing. He knew that she was smart, but it was the kind of smart that was going to either going to be the making of her—or lead her to disaster. That uncanny ability that Enid had to go into any situation and come back with information—that had to be good for something other than detective work. He didn’t want her to end up a detective. She needed to do something better. Something nine-to-five.
Something safe.
Jack added “find the girl’s stepmother” to his mental list of things that he needed to do on the Marina Orlov case. He desperately wanted to go home, have a hot shower, put some ice on his neck and jaw and then crawl into bed and hit the oblivion button. He was running on empty and, not for the first time, he wished he had a partner, somebody he could trust that would take some of the load off his shoulders. When he was younger, he had never felt the need to have a partner, but now that his life was getting more complicated —
I need a partner.

Chapter 15
The greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy and drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes. To see those who love him shrouded and in tears. And to gather to your bosom his wives and daughters. Genghis Khan
Bud watched as Bram Wilson’s mouth moved, formulating words that Bud had ceased to understand. When Wilson, his boss, had said the words “two-week suspension,” Bud had spent all of his powers of self-control on not slamming his fist into Wilson’s ridiculously white teeth.
Piano keys had nothing on this guy.
Earlier, Wilson had phoned him, asking Bud to be at his office at 2:00. It was now 2:13 and Wilson had gotten his message through loud and clear.
Wilson pushed the paperwork across the desk and said to Bud, “Two-week suspension without pay. At the end of that period, I’ll review whether or not you’ll be getting early retirement. Don’t say I didn’t warn you, Bud. I’m going easy because of your excellent service record. Are you hearing what I’m saying, Bud?”
Bud jerked his attention back to Wilson, who was examining him with a smug, arrogant gleam in his cold eyes. Bud knew that Wilson could rattle off enough legal prattle to choke a 17- hand horse. He also knew that, no matter what garbage was spilling out of that trashcan that Wilson called a mouth, that Wilson didn’t give a two-buck chuck about his “excellent record.” What Bud did know was that the powers that be, i.e., Wilson, wanted Bud out. The whole thing had the unmistakeable stink of office politics.
Bud had quickly realized that one of his allies, maybe Jenson, was calling in favors to get Bud the two-week suspension instead of being immediately forced into retirement. Bud had to admit that, at least on one point, Wilson was right. He had been warned. When Bud had returned to work after his medical leave had ended, Wilson had made it clear that if Bud didn’t stick to the restriction of a three-day workweek, that Bud would be forced to take an early retirement, which was a polite way of saying that he would be fired. Well, he had broken that rule more than once, but this time he had got caught red-handed.
Wilson handed Bud a pen and nodded at the document. “Your signature means that you understand everything we’ve discussed.”
Bud snorted, thinking that if Wilson’s definition of a “discussion” was force-feeding Bud a massive pile of manure and then expecting Bud to thank him for it—that?” ache.
Well then, we just had a discussion!
At the sound of Bud’s snort, Wilson’s eyebrows furrowed. “You have a problem with Bud placed his right hand on his chest, which was starting to thud with that familiar dull Wilson gave him a sharp look.
Bud dropped his hand and stared hard at the paperwork. He didn’t want to sign it, but he knew that if he didn’t, his career ended now. His chest pain got wider, deeper and sharper, and he was starting to feel short of breath and nauseous. He longed to dig into his fanny pack and pop a nitro pill, but he would rather die than take one in front of Wilson.
Despite the growing chest pain, Bud pretended to read over the paperwork. After several moment, he signed his name, knowing that it was the only option open to him if he wanted to keep working—and keep his job. He comforted himself with the thought that once he was better, then he could return to working full-time, but a disturbing thought reverberated through his mind—
What if I’m never better?
Bud frowned, pushing away the fear that always loomed over his thoughts. The fear of aging into illness, feebleness and—death.
Wilson said, “FYI, Jenson’s been given a written warning. If he communicates with you in any way on any homicide cases during your two-week suspension, he’ll be suspended for one month without pay. Understand?”
Bud didn’t bother to nod. He was in too much pain and he desperately wanted to leave— if only so he could take his pills.
Wilson leaned back in his chair and examined him through narrowed eyes. “You’re a good detective, Bud. You’ve had a hell of a run. Why can’t you old guys retire and give some young gun a chance?”
A burning pain seared through his chest and Bud leaned forward, struggling to hide his physical discomfort from Wilson.
“You all right, Bud?” Wilson said, jumping up and coming around the desk to help him. Bud glanced up and saw that Wilson’s eyes now held genuine concern.
For the first time in his life, Bud got a glimmer of what it felt like to contemplate murder.
Startled by the intensity of his emotions, Bud forced himself to stand. “Don’t you have pills?” Wilson said.
Wordlessly, Bud turned to leave. Stumbling into a chair, he sent it careening into the desk.
Wilson moved forward as if to help him. “Bud…”
Bud shoved past Wilson and somehow made it through the door and down the corridor. Sweating profusely, with his chest feeling like it was going to explode, Bud stopped and sagged against the wall. He dug into his fanny pack and, with shaking fingers, he opened the bottle and shoved a nitro pill under his tongue. No pride now, Bud sank into one of the chairs lining the hallway, no longer caring if Wilson saw him in his state of weakness.
After several minutes, Bud got up and slowly made his way to the exit. Someone passed him and said hello, but Bud didn’t bother to respond. Bud kept moving toward the exit, all the time wondering exactly who had ratted him out. The only way that Wilson could have found out that Bud had broken his three-day work restriction was that someone had gone out of his or her way to make sure that Wilson found out that Bud was putting in extra time on the Espillito case. And whoever had done the dirty deed had done it fast.
Earlier in the day, based on the information that George had given him at the funeral home, Bud had driven the one hour and thirty minutes to the Florence prison that housed George’s cousin, Rudy. Bud had signed in and spent twenty minutes talking to Rudy. On his drive back to Phoenix, Bud had gotten the call from Wilson to meet him at his office.
By the time Bud got to Wilson’s office, there was a faxed copy of Bud’s signature on the Florence prison sign-in form as written proof that Bud was working a case on his own time. There was also a photo of Bud at the Espillito crime scene, which had tipped Wilson to the fact that Jenson had been aiding and abetting him in breaking his restricted work schedule. Both of these were presented to Bud, and he had been unable to defend himself. In fact, Bud hadn’t tried to defend himself.
What puzzled Bud was that he hadn’t told anyone that he was going to the Florence prison. The only two people who could possibly know were George and his wife, Gabby. Bud had a hard time believing that George would risk losing his mortician’s business license over turning him in, not to mention that there was no way that George would know about his work restrictions.
When Bud reached his car, he stopped and looked back at the building that had been his home base for more years than he wanted to count. Despite the fact that it was only a two-week suspension, Bud had the disquieting feeling that he would never return. Bud got into his car and started the engine. He took a deep breath, relieved to be breathing easier. The chest pain had eased, but he felt miserable. Signing the paperwork had left Bud feeling two steps from gutted and done.
Bud pulled out of the parking space. He was tired and hungry and in need of a hot meal. On the drive home, his thoughts turned to the prison visit that he had paid to Rudy earlier in the day.
Rudy was a large, imposing man and his dark brown eyes gleamed with the shrewdness of a prize boxer who was hungry for a hard fight.
Separated by a bulletproof glass barrier and talking into old-fashioned phone receivers, Bud introduced himself and briefly explained why he was there and who had sent him. Bud said, “George said I need to talk to you.”
“George is an idiot,” Rudy said in a flat, expressionless voice.
“I’m investigating the black market on human organs,” Bud said. “George says you’re the man I need to talk to.”
Rudy’s eyes flared, but he remained silent.
“George says you had a story to tell,” Bud said, “about La Bestia.” Rudy’s lips curled back and he bared his teeth in a silent snarl.
Before he had arrived, Bud had done his internet research and discovered that “The Beast” that George had referred to was “La Bestia.” It was a long and dangerous train line that followed the Mexican Pacific coastline northward. The Mexican mafia were notorious for kidnapping train travelers, who were often undocumented immigrants making their way to America, and then slicing and dicing them for parts that could be sold on the black market for organ donations for obscenely huge profits.
“What did that idiot tell you?” Rudy said, his eyes grim. “He tells me that you have an axe to grind,” Bud said.
Rudy was breathing hard as if trying to contain his pent-up fury. After a moment, he said,
“What’s in it for me?”
“Nothing,” Bud said.
Rudy gave a mirthless laugh, his face twisting into a grimace. Bud waited.
They sat for several moments in silence and, just when Bud was about to give him up as the silent type, Rudy began talking.
“I got a friend, Miguel,” Rudy said, “he come up La Bestia and he thinks no problem— he’s a big guy, tough, nobody gonna to mess with him. Well, he disappears. I never hear of him no more. I think he took off.” Rudy waves his fingers, “Whatever.”
Bud studied Rudy’s face, which was tense with emotion.
Rudy said, “A year later, I go home, I meet a girl. Her brother needs a man to take a group North. I need cash.”
Bud nodded, knowing that one of the multiple charges that Rudy was locked up for, including attempted murder, was being a coyote—illegally transporting undocumented immigrants across the border.
Rudy said, “I make the trip, many times, no problem. Then they come to me.” Rudy leans forward, face twisting with disgust. “They want me to give them the strong ones out of each group. They want me to say these strong ones die in the desert.” Rudy gives a grim nod. “I know what they want. I heard the stories. They kill them—cut them up and sell their insides to rich Americans.” Rudy shakes his head. “I tell em, I want no part.”
“I need names,” Bud said.
Rudy gave him a look of pity. “For what I told you already, they’d cut me up for parts. If I wasn’t so good at what I do, they woulda cut me down on the spot.”
“But they didn’t,” Bud said.
“I was the best,” Rudy said with a flash of pride. “It was the planting season. We got across and we meet up with the truck. Our man wasn’t there. They were waiting. They didn’t take just the strong ones—they wanted them all.” Rudy clenched his fists. “My sister was there. I promised to get her safe to our aunt in Phoenix, so my sister could get a job, maybe go to school someday. She was smart, she wanted to be a teacher—”
Rudy’s voice broke off. His eyes burned with hatred. “I never begged in my life, but I got on my knees and begged. They put a gun to my head and tell me if I want to save my sister’s life—I hand over everybody. All ten of them. A mother. A baby. Why they want the parts of a baby? What kind of sick fuck cuts up a baby?”
Bud shook his head and said a silent prayer for the woman and her baby—for all of them.
Rudy’s eyes burned with hatred. “I won’t take anyone—anymore—anywhere. They didn’t kill me because they want me working for them.” Rudy clenched his fist and said, “They took my sister! I found out later—they also took Miguel.”
“I can help you bring these men to justice,” Bud said, pulling out a pen and his notebook.
Rudy gave a scornful laugh. “They strong. You’re old.” Bud shot him a look, his eyes flashing angrily.
Rudy raised his hands in mock self-defense. “Oh, that has nothing to do with nothing, the old man says! Say what you want, but I seen my old man go from being a lion—to Rosa wiping his ass and changing his diaper.”
“I need names,” Bud said, struggling to get control of his anger. “I got no names for you,” Rudy said.
“You’re going to let them get away with it?” Bud said, scowling. “After what they did to Rosa?”
Rudy’s eyes gleamed dangerously.
“You know what happened to them,” Bud said. “Don’t tell me you don’t have the guts to do anything about it.”
Rudy’s angry gaze slowly gave way to a lazy smile. “Good try, old man. But it’s going to take more than you to make those bastards pay.”
Bud leaned in, hissing into the phone. “You let them cut up your sister! Rosa’s heart, Rosa’s kidneys, Rosa’s lungs—inside of rich Americans—and you do nothing?”
Rudy glared at him, his big fist clenching down on the telephone receiver.
“I may be old,” Bud said, “but I’m going to bring them to justice. Are you going to man-up and help me, or sit there like a punta and say nothing, do nothing—”
Rudy grinned, a malicious, evil thing. “Trevor Wissman,” he said through clenched teeth. Bud wrote the name.
“You think I just did you a favor?” Rudy said with a shake of his head. “No, man. What I did was give you a name that means you tell your wife where you hide the money and you kiss your kids adios.”
Bud shot him a look, thinking about his once tight-knit family that now felt more fractured than a geriatric hip.
Rudy said, “That’s all you get, old man. You can’t do nothin’. Nobody can. Me. When I get out, I fix things, not you.”
“Trevor Wissman,” Bud said. “Who is that?”
“Trevor does funerals,” Rudy said, “like George. He’s legit—except for the chop-shop in the back.”
Bud hesitated and then said, “What happened to your sister? Is she—?” Rudy’s face darkened. “The two that did it, I found them.”
Bud said, “The two charges of attempted murder—is that for them?”
Rudy’s eyes narrowed and he gave a wicked grin. “Attempted, my ass. I made sure they didn’t die. They got plenty of time to think about what they done—I made sure they both shittin' their diapers for the next forty years—like my old man did. Worse than death.” Rudy grinned, “I told you, I’m good.”

Chapter 16
Pain and suffering are a kind of currency passed from hand to hand until they reach someone who receives them but does not pass them on. Simone Weil
Feeling queasy, Enid perched nervously on the edge of the exam table at the Urgent Care.
The doctor had come and gone. He’d packed her nose full of gauze, and Enid could now feel a slimy tendril of gauze tickling the back of her tonsils. She recalled the diagram from health class about how the nasal cavity was connected to the back of the throat and the esophagus and, to her consternation, she was now suddenly very aware of their physical proximity to each other. Visions of the gauze slipping further downward into her windpipe ran through her mind—
I won’t be able to breathe!
Panic rising, Enid scrambled off the exam table just as the nurse walked in.
As if reading her thoughts, the nurse said, “Don’t worry, Chickie, it won’t go down the back of your throat.”
“Feels like it,” Enid said, clawing at her throat as if that would stop it. The nurse helped her back up on the exam table and said, “It won’t.”
Comforted, but still uneasy, Enid said, “Feels like an alien landed on my face and jammed its tentacles up my nose.”
The nurse smiled and checked that the bulky nose bandage was properly taped down. “Don’t pick at the tape.”
“It hurts,” Enid said, picking at the tape.
“Of course it does,” the nurse said, batting Enid’s hand away from the bandage. “You broke your nose. You need to ice twenty minutes on and twenty minutes off, as much as possible.” The nurse handed her a ice pack and indicated that she needed to put it on her face. “You’re young. You’ll heal fast,” the nurse said with a comforting smile.
“How bad do I look?” Enid said, frowning.
“Six to eight weeks and you’ll be as good as new. It’ll pass like this,” the nurse snapped her fingers. The nurse busied herself with typing notes into a computer.
Enid scanned the exam room again, but there were no mirrors or reflective surfaces that she could use to see what she looked like. She had thought about going to the bathroom, but she felt uneasy about leaving Jack alone.
Jack was sitting in a chair, morose and silent—and Enid didn’t blame him. Since they had arrived, the nurses and doctors were treating Jack like he was a sniper who had just successfully picked off a busload of disabled Girl Scouts. And they hadn’t even seen the bruises on his neck! He had his collar buttoned up so high and tight that it almost looked comical.
The first time the nurse had asked who had hit her, Enid had almost made a smart-ass remark about how Jack had done it, but Enid had glanced at Jack and the look in his eyes had stopped her. He looked—
Terrified.
Enid had been shocked at the realization that Jack was experiencing what looked like the same kind of fear that she often felt and tried so hard to hide.
Am I as bad at hiding it as he is?
Enid had suddenly felt protective of Jack. It was the kind of protectiveness that she had always wanted her mother to feel for her, but knew she never did. The feeling was new and— jarring.
Enid jumped off the table and said to Jack, “I wanna go home.” Jack stared at her, but didn’t move.
A nurse turned from the computer and said to Jack in a cold, clipped voice, “Discharge instructions will be given to you at the check-out desk. She’ll need a follow-up visit with her pediatrician. Otherwise, you’re free to go.”
Jack stood up and said in an expressionless voice, “Thanks.” The nurse said, “We’ve filed a report, Mr. Fox.”
“He didn’t do it,” Enid said, too loud for the small room. Jack glanced at her, surprised.
The nurse gave Enid a sympathetic, almost pitying, smile. She turned back to Jack and gave his collar a knowing look. “Are you sure you don’t want to see the doctor about whatever is going on with your neck?”
“No, thank you,” Jack said, his voice flat.
The nurse placed a gentle hand on Enid’s shoulder and gave it a squeeze. “Feel better, Chickie.”
Enid grabbed Jack’s wrist and pulled him out of the room. At the check-out counter, they got their instructions and Jack paid the co-pay. Jack endured more scathing looks from the staff before he and Enid made their escape.
Once outside, Enid breathed a sigh of relief.
As they walked to the car, Jack veered away from her. “Hey,” Enid said, wondering where he was going.
Jack grabbed a low cinderblock wall and, doubling over, he vomited.
Feeling her sympathetic gag reflex kick in, Enid darted for the car, which was out of hearing range of Jack’s puking. Panic swept through her as she fought the urge to puke, knowing that it would blow the gauze out of her nose, which would start the bleeding again. Not to mention—it would hurt!
Reaching the car, Enid sank to the ground and jammed her fingers in her ears.
Desperately trying not to throw up, Enid kept her fingers shoved in her ears and sang over and over again, “La-la-la-la-la-la-La.”
After doing this for at least a full minute, Enid was relieved to feel the urge to vomit pass.
She stopped singing and cautiously pulled her fingers from her ears. She opened her eyes and saw Jack’s shoes planted on the asphalt in front of her. She looked up and was surprised to see that his face was a bloodless grey.
Jack held out his hand to help her up. “You okay?”
Enid nodded, took his hand and let him pull her to her feet. Jack opened the car door for her and, after she got in, he closed it. Enid buckled her seat belt and watched Jack as he walked around the car. The strange protective feeling that she was harboring for him was still with her. Enid wanted to say something or do something that would make him feel better, but she felt paralyzed with helplessness.
Jack got in the driver’s seat and put the keys into the ignition. His face was strangely dead of any expression.
“I told them you didn’t do it,” Enid said, feeling stupid, but feeling like she had to say something.
Jack didn’t respond, he simply started the car and began the drive home.
“Besides,” Enid said, “you and me—we know what really happened, so it doesn’t matter what they think.”
Jack drove, his eyes glued to the road.
Enid’s brain desperately scrabbled for something to say that would take the dead expression off his face, but she came up empty. Without thinking about it, Enid reached up and flipped down the visor, so she could look at herself in the mirror.
Enid gasped. “Oh, my God!” Enid stared at her reflection, barely able to believe that it was her face. Both eyes were swollen and she had ugly purple bruising under each eye. Not even the bulky bandage covering her nose could hide how bad she looked. Enid let out a low moan, feeling light-headed and sick. She could feel the tears rolling out of her eyes as she turning to Jack and said, “I look horrible!”
Jack grimaced, but never took his eyes from the road.
Enid stared at him, confused and hurt by his silence. His profile was set like pale, grey stone. She frowned. She had felt protective of him—she had wanted to make things better for him—
Why isn’t he trying to make things better for me?
As bad as she felt, as bad as she looked—Enid couldn’t believe that he wasn’t going to say something—anything?
Enid turned away from him and snapped the visor up, hiding her reflection. She turned and examined Jack’s stern profile. The sensation that arose in her was so strong that it took her breath away. It was more than anger—it was betrayal. Jack had promised to try to be a better dad to her.
Was it all a lie?
Enid had the sensation that they had both been sitting in two separate rowboats that were moored to each other by a fragile rope. Jack remaining silent felt to Enid like he had reached down and chopped the rope with an axe. The sense of betrayal that she felt was almost violent.
With his silence, he had purposefully set her adrift—because he didn’t care. Everything he had told her about wanting to be a better dad was nothing but a big, fat lie.
I hate him!
Shaking with rage, Enid turned away from him and stared out the window. She struggling with the overwhelming urge to lash out and hurt him.
I won’t give him the satisfaction!
Enid forced herself to sit in a stoney silence that matched his own.
If he doesn’t care, then I don’t care.
Reaching the apartment, Jack parked and Enid jumped out and hurried to the door. Her hands were shaking so bad that she dropped the keys twice before she got the door open. She was in her bedroom with the door shut behind her before Jack even reached the front door.
Enid would have thrown herself onto her bed and cried, but her fears regarded the nose gauze dislodging into her windpipe stopped her. Against her will, she found that she was listening as Jack came into the apartment. To her shock, she heard him go straight to his bedroom and shut the door, which was like throwing gasoline on the fire of her anger.
Enid stood in the center of her bedroom and looked around as if seeing it for the first time. Her bedroom consisted of second-hand thrift store furniture that Jack had purchased after his house had burned down. The comforter, pillows and bed sheets were cheap-o crap from a discount store. Just like what was between her and Jack—everything in her room was garbage!
Without any idea of what she intended to do, Enid stalked out of her bedroom and went to Jack’s bedroom door and knocked hard. “Jack!” she shouted, knowing that if he cared at all he would hear the anger in her voice.
Silence.
“I left my book-bag in car!” Enid said, pounding on the door. “I need the keys!”
Enid listened as Jack’s feet padded across the floor. He unlocked the door, opened it and held out the keys.
Their eyes met.
Jack flinched and looked away.
Enid grabbed the keys and opened her mouth to speak, but he shut the door in her face, locking it.
Before she could stop herself, Enid banged her fists on the door and yelled, “It wasn’t my fault!”
From behind the door there was only silence. “Asshole!” Enid screamed at the closed door.
For all the sound that came from inside his room, Jack might have been dead.
Enid backed up and, with the bottom of her foot, she kicked the door as hard as she could. The sound reverberated through the small apartment and, even though she felt fear mix with her anger, the violence of the action made her feel better. Enid turned on her heels and ran out of the apartment and toward the car.
A grim satisfaction filled her. She had let him know exactly how she felt—and that felt good. Enid opened the car and jumped in. She slipped the keys into the ignition and sat there, gripping the wheel and thinking.
I can take off right now! Hollywood.
Enid’s mind flitted back to Micki and Claire. Frowning, her hands loosened their grip on the wheel.
When she ran away from home in Florida, she didn’t have any friends, her mom had been a barely functioning alcoholic, her step-dad had deserted them and taken off with a new girlfriend and she had been on the top of Jackie Utton’s daily bully to-do list. In short, there had been nothing in Florida worth hanging around for. Who was she kidding? Micki and her heading out to California—it wasn’t going to happen. Besides, next Friday night was the Sunnyslope school dance, which Enid, Micki, and Claire had made a pact to boycott. The plan was to skip the dance, watch ‘80s horror movies and binge out on pizza, popcorn and diet Pepsi.
I have two friends.
Frowning, Enid contemplated this new state of affairs. Now that she was pretty sure that Jack wasn’t trying to murder her for insurance money—sure, he was a major asshole, but he wasn’t out to kill her—maybe she wanted to stay. Maybe, for the first time, she had something to stay for. She didn’t want to leave Micki and Claire behind. She liked them. Besides, she was 17 and soon she’d be 18 and then…
Micki and me can get an apartment and get jobs. We can get it close to where Claire goes to college and we can all stay best friends—like now, but even better because we’ll be able to do what we want without any stupid adults bossing us around.
Enid pulled the keys from the ignition and, with a grin, flipped them in the air and caught them. She grabbed her book-bag from the floor and unzipped it, double-checking that it still held the gun, which it did. Enid ran her finger along the barrel, enjoying the fact that Jack would go nuts if he knew that she had a gun.
Enid’s grin was replaced by a frown as she contemplated how she was going to explain to Claire that she had swiped her mother’s gun. Enid felt a stab of guilt, but brushed it away. She would make everything right—
Tomorrow.
Enid got out of the car, locked it and walked back to the apartment. Dreaming of her future life of independence with Micki and Claire had drained her anger from her and she suddenly felt tired. Once inside the apartment, she locked the front door behind her and went to her bedroom, where she hid the book-bag under her bed. Enid went to the bathroom that she shared with Jack and locked the door. She stood in front of the mirror and forced herself to contemplate the state of her face.
Disgusting!
Enid scowled, knowing that even with Micki and Claire on her side, her busted face would make her bait-on-a-hook for every thug-cheerleader and psychopath who set eyes on her.
Enid began to daydream about how she could possibly avoid getting made fun of at school. A story formed in her mind and, as she spun it out to herself, it began to feel more real than the truth.
I was walking home from school, just minding my own business, and I saw this guy beating up a woman. Without thinking, I jumped in and helped fight the attacker off, but not before the guy had slugged me in the face and broke my nose.
Enid saw herself admitting—very humbly, of course—and only after they had dragged the story out of her—that maybe what the police had said was true—perhaps she really had saved the woman’s life. Enid would finally be forced to admit that she wasn’t convinced that this fact was true, but she was certainly glad that she had been there to help, even if it meant that for the next six weeks her face would look horrible. Tiffany would try to make fun of her, but Enid saw her classmates that she had won over with her story coming to her defense and humiliating Tiffany, who would then skulk away like the low-down, pom-pom-waving dog that she was.
Enid sighed, lost in pleasant daydreams of being the heroine.
Once the non-bandaged parts of her face were washed, her teeth brushed and her bladder empty, Enid went back to her bedroom, climbed in bed and got under the covers. She stared at the ceiling, trying to ignore the throb in her nose that exactly matched her heartbeat. She shifted the pillow in an effort to get more comfortable.
Enid’s mind went back to the story and she wondered if anyone would believe her. Would Micki and Claire back her up on the story? Or would she be exposed? Was it worth the risk of everybody finding out that she was a liar?
Enid frowned.
Am I a liar?
There was a knock on the front door. Enid sat up, startled. No one ever came to the front door, especially at this hour. Enid listened for Jack to get up and answer the door, but no sound came from his room.
Another knock.
Enid got out of bed and went to the living room. Cautiously, she pushed aside the cheap curtains and saw Micki and Claire. Micki, jittery with excitement, bounced from foot to foot while Claire stood with crossed arms, glaring at Micki.
Enid opened the door and quietly slipped outside. The overhead light cast eerie shadows across Micki and Claire’s face and Enid didn’t want to think about the grotesque game the light was playing on her face.
Micki’s jaw dropped. “What the—?”
Enid slapped her hand over Micki’s mouth and hissed, “Shhhh—!” “What happened?” Claire said, her eyes wide with shock.
Micki shoved Enid’s hand from her mouth. She dug in her pocket and pulled out a switchblade, which she flipped open. “Slash his tires or cut off his balls. Your choice. This one is on me!”
“It wasn’t him,” Enid said, knowing that they would know that she was talking about Jack. “Besides—it was an accident.” Enid made a face, hearing how lame her explanation sounded—even to her own ears.
“Fucking scumbag!” Micki said, waving the switchblade threateningly. “You want I should introduce his balls to his tonsils?”
Claire looked around nervously and gestured for Micki to hide the blade. “Concealed weapons are illegal. You can go to jail for that!”
“Only if you get caught,” Micki said grimly. “Seriously, Enid—” “I ran into a door,” Enid said bluntly.
Micki snorted. “Yeah, I fucking ran into my stepdad’s fist a couple of times and I didn’t come out looking half as bad as—” Micki waved her hand at Enid’s face with a look of disgust. “Holy shit on a shingle, you look like—”
Claire said, “It was your dad, wasn’t it?”
Enid shook her head and said, “It was an accident. I was helping him with a case—” “Bullshit,” Micki sneered. “You tell us what really happened or I—”
Enid cut her off and said, “Some woman named Katya opened a door right on my face and she broke my nose! Jack took me to the Urgent Care and—” Enid sighed, not sure how to explain everything. “Turns out, he’s not trying to kill me. He’s an asshole, but I'm happy to report that he’s not trying to kill me.”
Micki pointed to Enid’s face, “That might not be trying to kill you, but it’s a hell of a start!”
“I’ll tell you the whole story later,” Enid said. “What are you guys doing here?” Micki eyed her skeptically, then patted her pocket and said, “Say the word and we can leave him a finely worded message—on his not-so-happy stick!”
Claire rolled her eyes and said to Micki, “Stop acting like you’re a Jet.” “What’s a Jet?” Micki said, puzzled.
“Like, in West Side Story,” Claire said, giving her a “duh” look. “West side?” Micki said. “You mean like Glendale?”
“No,” Claire said, incredulously, “like—Broadway.”
Confused, Micki hooked her thumb over her shoulder. “Broadway is south of here.” “Oh my god!” Claire said, throwing up her hands. “Stop acting like you’re tough, because you’re not. It’s really irritating.”
Micki shrugged and turned to Enid, “We got Claire’s mom’s car. We’re going back to the hospital and you’re coming with us.”
Enid frowned, not wanting to be running around town looking like a battered troll, but she didn’t want to wuss out on her friends. After a moment, she shook her head and said, “My nose hurts. I just want to go to bed.”
“Nooo, it’s perfect!” Micki said, eyeing Enid’s bruised face with a smile. “With your face, we’ll get in the hospital easy! It’s after visiting hours and they’ll think you’re a patient—”
“The doctor said I need to rest,” Enid said, hating how lame she sounded.
Claire turned to Micki, impatient. “Come on, Micki! It’s obvious that Enid can’t go, which means we need to get going before my mom figures out that I took the car.”
Enid stared at Claire, shocked. “You took your mother’s car? Without permission?” “It’s an emergency!” Micki said, defensively.
Claire jerked her chin at Micki, “Your friend is blackmailing me! Unless I come with her—”
“She’s your friend, too,” Enid said.
Micki scoffingly said, “Poindexter and I go together like a sloppy-fiber-filled-turd and suh-weet cherry-pie—and I ain’t saying which is which, but you get the picture—or, should I say, smell the Claire turd?”
Claire shook her head pityingly. “You’re an inbred, halfwit, idiot—and those are your good qualities.”
“Wait here,” Enid said, slipping back into the apartment. She went to her bedroom and changed into jeans, a T-shirt and her Converse sneakers. Glancing at the bed, she had an idea. She went to her dirty clothes hamper and carried it back to the bed. She pulled back the covers and dumped the dirty clothes across the bed and shaped the clothing into a shape as similar as she could make it to look like she was still sleeping in the bed. Satisfied, she pulled up the covers, thinking that if Jack was fooled by a Nickelodeon move like that—well, then he deserved to be fooled.
Grabbing the book-bag with the gun from under her bed, Enid headed toward the door, thinking that tonight would be the perfect time to explain the gun situation to Claire. They could go to the hospital and deal with whatever Micki’s emergency was, and then Claire could return the car and the gun and her mother would be none the wiser. Enid reasoned that if Claire got caught, a two-for-one kind of trouble, mathematically speaking, should be way better than two different kinds of trouble at two different times.
Enid stopped outside of Jack’s bedroom door and listened. All was silent. Enid gave a grim smile, hoping that he would wake up, realize she was gone and he then he would totally regret being such a massive jerk.
Enid made her way to the front door and slipped out, locking it behind her. The three girls went to the parking lot and piled into Claire’s mom’s car.
Claire started the engine and began to check the side mirrors and rearview mirror—three times each.
“Here we go again,” Micki said, rolling her eyes.
Claire gave her a dirty look and pulled out of the parking space with the caution of an 80- year-old with macular degeneration.
“Holy crap, Claire!” Micki said, “The police are going to stop us for being so slow.” “I’m here under duress,” Claire said, holding the wheel in the perfect 10-2 hand position,
“so you get what you get.”
From the backseat, Enid said to Claire, “So, let me get this straight, you stole your mom’s car?”
“Borrowed,” Claire corrected her, “and it wasn’t my idea. I’m being blackmailed. As of tomorrow, Enid, I am no longer going to associate myself with your so-called friend.” Sitting in the front passenger’s seat, Micki turned around and gave Enid a sly look.
“Claire knows that if she doesn’t help me, she doesn’t get her mother’s gun back.”
Startled, Enid gaped at Micki.
How did Micki know about the gun?
Micki shot Enid a knowing grin.
Enid gave Micki a what-the-heck look.
Micki dragged her finger across her lip and turned an imaginary key as if locking her lips.
She gave Enid a warning look that translated to: keep your trap shut.
Concentrating on the road, Claire said to Enid, “Micki stole my mom’s gun! She refuses to give it back till after I help her, and I told her that you have to come along or I wouldn’t do it.”
“Thanks,” Enid said, sarcastically. After a moment, she said to Claire, “I thought you said that your mom didn’t have a gun.”
Claire said, “After the story you told us about how you stole your stepfather’s gun from Florida—telling you that my mom has a gun would be like telling a squirrel I have a nut farm.”
Enid said, “Does your mom know her gun is gone?”
Claire said, “Duh. She’s not stupid. She already filed a police report.” Groaning, Enid slunk down.
Claire shot a look at Enid in the rearview mirror, and her eyes widened as the realization hit her. Claire yelled at Enid, “You took it!”
“Enid didn’t take it,” Micki said. “I took it!”
Claire pulled into a Fry’s parking lot. Furious, she turned around and yelled at Enid, “Of course it was you! Do you have any idea how much trouble I’m in?” Claire turned on Micki, “Why would you lie to me?”
Enid put the book-bag that held the gun onto the floor and, using her foot, pushed it under the seat in front of her.
Claire glared from Micki to Enid. “I should turn you both in! I don’t know which one of you took it, but—” Claire threw her hands up, wailing, “why did I agree to be friends with you two psychos?”
Micki reached over and grabbed a chunk of Claire’s arm flesh and twisted it, hard. “Ow!” Claire yelped, clapping her hand over the red flesh. “Why’d you do that?” “Because we,” Micki said, pointing at herself and Enid, “are the closest a freak like you will ever come to actually having friends—and that’s what friends do.”
“Friends hurt me?” Claire said, incredulously.
“Maybe there are two other friends out there for you, but—” Micki made a show of looking around, “I don’t see em. So, we’re it. Deal with it.”
“I have other friends!” Claire said, her face reddening. “No,” Micki said, “you don’t.”
Claire’s eyes narrowed. “Douchebag.” Micki said, “Dick-wipe.”
Fuming, Claire did a three-point check in all the rearview mirrors and pulled back out onto the road. “I hate you both,” she muttered.
Micki said to Claire, “The deal is that you help me and then I give you back the gun and your mom will think she misplaced it—”
Claire said, “My mom is not stupid.”
Micki shrugged. “She won’t be able to prove we—or you—had anything to do with it, which means you’ll be off the hook. Trust me, it’s a simple plan—and it’ll work.”
Enid said, “Why are we going to the hospital? What’s the emergency?”
Micki turned around and said, “My mom. They’re getting ready to discharge her and she doesn’t have insurance—”
“Is she okay?” Enid said, frowning.
Micki waved her hand, which was indicative of nothing. “We gotta spring mom—before they figure it out.”
“Figure what out?” Enid said.
Claire was pulling into the hospital parking lot as Micki made another face and said, “Mom used somebody else’s insurance information.”
Claire’s head snapped toward Micki. “That’s identity theft! She can go to jail for that—” “Claire,” Micki said, “You have the most amazing talent for stating the painfully obvious.”
Scowling, Claire brought the car to a jerked stop.
Micki said, “Mom borrowed somebody’s insurance information and that person, who is a real ball-buster, is coming back to town tomorrow and will realize real quick that somebody has been racking up hospital bills—”
“I can’t do anything illegal!” Claire said. “I want to go into politics—”
“Listen, Madame President,” Micki said, “My mom can’t pay the bill! If mom goes back to jail, then I’m back in foster care, and that is not going to happen!”
Enid stared at Micki, shocked. It was the first time Micki had ever said anything about being in foster care.
Her face red, Micki stared at them both defiantly.
Enid wasn’t sure, but she thought that Micki looked like she was about to—
Cry?
Terrified that Micki might actually start crying, Enid said, “I thought your aunt lived with you. Can’t she take care of you?”
Micki said, “My next-door neighbor, Dale, pretends to be my aunt when I need her to show up at school—or when Claire’s dick-wad mom dumps us at the police station and I need a fake relative to magically appear. Me and Dale, we got an understanding—she plays my aunt and I keep my mouth shut about the business she runs out of her trailer.”
“What kind of business?” Enid said. “It ain’t Avon,” Micki said. “Drugs?” Claire said hesitantly.
“Amongst other things,” Micki said with a shrug. Her face got deadly serious. “You both have to help me get her out of the hospital.” Micki looked at Claire and said, “You’re always telling us how smart you are—well, prove it.” Micki looked at Enid and said, “Claire’s so-called brains and our balls, we can do this.”
“You could have asked me,” Claire said, “instead of blackmailing me.”
“You woulda said no,” Micki said. She looked at Enid, “You’ll help, right?”
Enid hesitated, then nodded. She was beginning to think that Micki’s mom made her own mom look like mother-of-the-year.
Micki turned to Claire and said, “Don’t blow it, Poindexter. Here’s your big chance to be a human being.”
Scowling, Claire’s face flushed red.
“I knew it!” Micki said, pointing at Claire. “I knew you wouldn’t—” Claire snapped, “Shut up, dog-breath!”
Micki’s eyes widened with surprise—and a little respect.
Speaking slowly, Claire said, “The key to this situation is that we have to act like we are supposed to be here.”
A smile spread across Micki’s face.
Claire spoke like she was teaching a class. “Our story should be that—we’re sisters. Our mom got in a car accident and—she’s in surgery. With Enid’s face, they’ll believe us.”
Enid reached up and gently touched the bandage covering her nose, which was starting to hurt worse. The Tylenol that they gave her at the Urgent Care had been helping, but it was starting to wear off. If she was honest, she didn’t feel up to anything more than crawling into her own bed and going to sleep.
“Yes!” Micki said, pumping her fist downward.
Enid wished that she had thought to bring the Tylenol samples that they gave her at Urgent Care. Enid frowned and said, “We have to stick to the plan. We go in, get your mom out, and then we go home, right?”
“Easy-peasy!” Micki said. “Don’t be such a worry-wart. Besides—”
“Don’t say it!” Enid said, holding up her hands warningly.
Micki grinned, leaned forward and said, “Seriously, what could possibly go wrong?”
Enid sank down in her seat, remembering other times she had asked herself that same question. She wasn’t feeling so brave, but she put on a brave face as she said, “You’re right. If we stick to the plan—seriously, what can go wrong?”
“Well,” Claire said, “I can end up with a jail record that will dog my political career for decades.”
As Enid climbed out of the car, she tried to believe that nothing was going to go wrong, but she couldn’t.

Chapter 17
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes. Robert Frost
Jack lay stretched out on top of his bed covers, listening to Enid talk to her friends. He’d heard the knock at the front door. He’d also heard Enid answer the door. Enid and her two friends were about as quiet as three knuckle-headed teenage girls could be, which wasn’t saying much.
Jack listened to the rise and fall of their voices and, unable to make out their words, his attention soon drifted and he slipped into a fitful sleep.
Waking up with a jolt, Jack propped himself on his elbows and listened for any sounds of Enid and her friends. To his surprise, he hadn’t woken up because of the nightmare about Jeni.
Something else had woken him—what was it?
The apartment was deathly silent.
Jack sighed and plopped back down. He knew that he should get up and check on Enid, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. There was no way that Enid would go out—not with her face looking the way it did. She was probably already asleep. He decided that the wisest thing to do would be to let them both sleep it off.
I’ll talk to her in the morning.
Jack lay staring at the ceiling for a long time, thinking about what had happened between him and Enid that night. He winced at the memory of Enid yelling at him through the door, calling him an asshole, and he wished that he could defend himself and say it wasn’t true, but he knew she was right. Jack couldn’t believe that, after everything he had said to Enid earlier in the day about wanting to be a better dad—at the first bump in the road, the very first challenge—he had completely and utterly failed.
Enid had the shit-luck to have him as a dad and he knew that she deserved better—just like he had once deserved better. It had always amazed Jack that people went into the business of having kids. As far as he was concerned, creating more humans beings was a crapshoot—with horrible odds.
Earlier in the evening, when Jack had been in Katya’s office and heard Enid’s scream, he had instinctively bolted for the door. He had not only been horrified to find Enid sprawled on the floor with her nose bashed and bloody, but he had been completely unprepared for what happened next. He’d had what his grandmother used to call—
A vision.
Jack had always scoffed at psychic froufrou bullshit, but he had never doubted the validity of his grandmother’s visions. She was the real deal. And up to that moment, Jack would have bet his life that she was the only real deal in the world and everybody and everything else was bullshit —
Except it just happened to me.
On the reservation, his grandmother had been a respected medicine woman. She was known for her powerful visions and healing powers. When Jack had been a boy and come home to find his mother dead by her own hand—everything had changed. The memory was scorched into his brain—one policeman cutting down the noose while another policeman struggled to maneuver his mother’s inert body to the floor.
From his hiding place, Jack had watched, too horrified to move or speak. He had been unable to reconcile the image of his mother, who had been so warm and alive and kissing him goodbye as he headed out to school that morning, to the unmoving woman with the obscenely swollen and discolored face who lay sprawled on the living room floor. It was not his mother—it couldn’t be!
In the confusion, the police hadn’t realized that Jack was there. Spying him, one of the officers muttered a curse and quickly hustled the boy from the apartment, placing him in the care of a neighbor.
For years, Jack had managed to keep the pain of his mother’s death buried. He had self-medicated with his two top drugs of choice: work and women. He had made sure that his life was full of his chosen drugs, which left little time to dwell on the past and no time to ever truly deal with the loss of his mother.
For over two decades, Jack’s life had been work and a seemingly never-ending wave of broken relationships. Sometimes his work came first, sometimes the women came first, but he had always juggled them with expertise.
That had been his life—until Enid.
Enid’s arrival had blown up his world like a grenade thrown into his carefully mixed martini-life of women and work. Six months ago, when he had found out that he was a father of a 16-year-old girl that he didn’t know existed, that knowledge had somehow resurfaced all the old, painful emotions that he had so effectively been numbing himself against. Added to that were the jacked-up emotions of falling in love with Eve, the guilt he felt over causing Jeni’s death, the nightmares—and, to add shit to shinola—he was going to be a father again.
Jack groaned aloud, unable to reconcile how, within the space of six months, he had gone from being a bachelor to a father to a 17-year-old daughter and a soon-to-be-born baby. It felt like his life was careening out of control—like when his mother died. Everything had blown up then and everything was blowing up now.
Jack’s thoughts went back to when his grandmother had taken him in after his mother’s death. In her tiny house on the reservation, Jack remembered standing on his grandmother’s front porch and staring at the straggled row of dusty houses. Behind them stretched a vast expanse of desert that ended in distant mountains. Jack had eyed the lone road, which was empty of cars and streetlights and stretched a long way into—nothing.
There was nowhere to run.
Jack had sat down in one of the carefully repaired rocking chairs. The pain was so big inside him that Jack couldn’t believe that it was able to stay trapped inside of him without tearing him apart. He had felt like there was a huge gaping hole where he should have been.
His grandmother had brought him a bowl of soup. When he ignored her, she placed it on a nearby table. Without speaking, she sat down in a nearby rocking chair where she remained motionless, staring with half-closed eyes into the desert.
Since his mother’s death, Jack had been unable to speak. Something inside of him had broken, and the power of speech was beyond him. He was terrified that speaking one word would unleash the horrible emotions that were roiling inside him. If that dam broke, his unleashed emotions would destroy everyone and everything—including him.
Remaining silent felt safer.
Within his silence, Jack kept turning over and over the one question that he could not pry out of his brain.
If my grandmother has visions—why didn’t she see this? Why didn’t she save my mother?
Although the words were bolted down deep within him, his eyes glared the unspoken question at the mountains that he refused to take his eyes from. Over time, the rising moon made the silhouette of the mountains easier to discern. Jack didn’t dare look at the nearby houses, which held sleeping children who were unknowing and stupid—like he had once been, but wasn’t anymore.
After a long time, Jack had fallen asleep. He dreamed.
In his dream, Jack had stood up from where he was sitting on his grandmother’s porch and found that he was on a solitary dirt path. All around him was a desolate land that was as bereft of life as he felt. He looked about him, searching for signs of life, but there were none. Jack began walking, and the dirt path seemed to unfurl beneath his feet like a dirty, brown ribbon. He sensed a presence. He looked down to see that a coyote was trotting by his side. He stopped, amazed. Under his gaze, the coyote grew to his height, until they stood staring at each other, eye to eye. The coyote grinned, showing its gleaming, yellow teeth as it licked its chops. Jack wanted to run, but he stood frozen with terror, unable to move. The coyote leaned close to his face and, in a woman’s voice, the coyote said, “Search.”
Jack had awoken with a jolt. To his surprise, he felt the rough warmth of the blanket that his grandmother had placed over him while he slept. He pulled it closer and looked toward his grandmother’s rocking chair, but she was gone.
He felt pressure on his shoulder and he jumped, startled. He twisted in his chair, half-expecting to see the coyote, but it was his grandmother.
She stood behind him, gazing down at him with kind eyes. “Just because you can see it,” she said slowly, “does not mean you have the power to change it.”
Jack felt his stomach tighten with the anger of his unspoken accusations.
His grandmother’s eyes flickered with something hard, but was replaced with something softer. She patted him on the shoulder. “Go to bed. You’re cold.”
Jack watched as she disappeared inside the house. Because she had told him to go to bed, he had not. He remained stubbornly sitting in the increasingly uncomfortable chair until the early morning hours. Before dawn, thoroughly chilled and stiff, he got up and staggered into the house. He went to his mother’s childhood bedroom and crawled under the covers and fell asleep.
He had woken up to the sounds of someone screaming. It was him. He was in his grandmother’s arms, sobbing. He hadn’t realized that he was crying until she had reached out and wiped his face with the checkered dishtowel that she was holding. She held him, rocking him like a baby—and he felt too comforted to feel ashamed.
When he stopped crying, his grandmother began to tell him a story. Her voice was soothing, as was the simplicity of the tale. His grandmother had died two years after that, and the story had died with her. Much later, when he was a man, Jack had tried to remember the story, but it remained tantalizingly out of his grasp. He only remembered that there had been a talking animal —
A rabbit…?
Jack forced his thoughts back to the present. He was stretched out on his bed, wishing that his grandmother and his mother were still alive, so that Enid could have them in her life— instead of just him.
When Jack had seen Enid lying on the floor with blood streaming from her broken nose, he had received a vision. It had crashed through him with the violence of a Pacific wave taking down an unsuspecting surfer. It had lasted only a moment, but it had foretold two things —
Enid.
Pain.
Jack saw the truth with breathtaking clarity. There was pain coming for Enid—and he was helpless to prevent it. His grandmother’s words came back to him—
Just because you can see it, does not mean you have the power to change it.
Jack didn’t want to believe in visions, but the vision had been as real as a kidney punch. In the confusion, he had been forced to shove it aside and deal with the unconscious and bleeding Enid. When they had left the building, he had tried to talk to her about looking before she leaped, about how she wasn’t a child anymore and about how she should not be blowing bloody snot on strangers, but, like always, his attempt to talk to Enid had derailed.
Enid hadn’t understood what he was trying to tell her and, in his frustration, he’d retreated into the safety of silence. He hadn’t meant to be cruel, but he simply didn’t know what to do or say that would break through to Enid, so he hadn’t said anything at all.
While they had been in the Urgent Care, everything had gotten worse. His fears for Enid had grown to the point that, by the time they reached the parking lot, he had blown his lunch.
Once they had reached the apartment, Jack had gone straight to his bedroom and shut the door so that he could think, but it had gotten him nowhere. The more he thought, the deeper was the quagmire.
And then Enid was pounding on his door and calling him an asshole and, for the life of him, he didn’t know why he had shut the door on her. A simple acknowledgment of her pain—of her existence—would have been better than what he had done, which was to lock her out and ignore her.
Jack decided that enough was enough. He needed to try to talk to her.
Jack got out of bed and headed toward Enid’s room. He had no idea what he was going to say, but he knew that anything was better than nothing. He knocked softly on Enid’s door and, when there was no answer, he knocked louder.
Feeling strangely nervous, Jack cautiously opened her door. “Enid?” Silence.
Jack could just make out her body under the covers. She was sound asleep.
After a moment, he sighed and decided that a good night’s sleep would help them both.
He returned to his bedroom.
A phone rang.
Startled at the sound of a ring tone he didn’t recognize, Jack dug into his pocket and pulled at a pale pink phone with a designer cover.
It was Katya—calling Katya. She was trying to locate her phone. During Jack’s appointment with Katya, he’d relieved her of her cell phone. He hadn’t planned it, but when the split-second of opportunity had arisen—he’d taken taken the phone from her desk and slipped it into his pocket.
Jack eyed Katya’s screen saver photo, which was of her and her husband. They struck him as two people who were convinced of their superiority.
Jack waited till the ringing stopped. He opened the phone and was surprised that Katya had no security stopping him from tapping directly into her phone, including her list of phone contacts.
Relieved that he had something to distract him from his dark musings, Jack left his bedroom and headed down the hallway to the kitchen. He stopped at Enid’s door, but all was silent from within.
In the kitchen, he sat down to the kitchen table, where he kept a legal pad. Despite all the modern technology, he found comfort in the sound of a Bic pen scratching across a legal pad. Jack sat at the kitchen table and worked his way down Katya’s contacts, writing down any that caught his attention. Many of Katya’s contacts were written in Russian, which looked like jacked-up A-B-C blocks, which he didn’t bother to try to copy.
Jack thought about the only person who would be motivated to help him with the Russian contacts. He got out his cell phone and sent a text to Layla: Working your sister’s case. Need Russian translation. Can we meet? When and where is good for you?
Jack returned to scrolling through Katya’s contacts. Within two minutes, he received a text from Layla: Mastro’s. Pinn Peak & Pima. In bar— 20 min.
Jack texted back: 30 min. Will be there.
Jack was surprised. Layla was married to a man who wouldn’t put her name on the checking account, and he couldn’t help but wonder how she planned to traipse down to a well-known pick-up bar without her husband objecting—unless he was out of town.
Jack grabbed his keys and wallet and, before he left, he wrote a note for Enid that read: Gone to work. Call me if you need anything. Sorry about —
Jack stopped, unsure. After a moment, he tore the note from the legal pad, crumpled it and threw it in the garbage. He penned a second note, which read: Had to go to work. Call me if you need anything. Will be back later tonight.
Within thirty minutes, Jack was walking into Mastro’s, a high-end steakhouse in Northeast Scottsdale. Mastro’s bar was a notorious hangout for wanna-be trophy wives looking for the trifecta in a new husband: rich, on the verge of death—and impotent.
Walking into the dimly lit bar area, Jack saw Layla perched on a barstool. She had the stem of her wine glass pinched between three manicured fingers as she verbally fended off the advances of a red-faced man who leaned over her with drunken proprietorship. Her hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail and she wore a tight, blue dress with the kind of stilettos that looked like it took a 5th toe amputation to fit into. Her eyes were sharp with irritation as she scowled up at the drunken man.
Jack slid onto the bar stool next to Layla.
Layla tossed her head and said to the drunk, “You see, this is my husband and he will kick your ass.”
The drunken man eyed Jack doubtfully. “You don’t look like the husband type.” “I’m not,” Jack said, “but you can leave anyway.”
The drunk eyed the bruises around Jack’s neck and, after a moment, he shrugged and staggered off in search of his next victim.
Layla touched her own neck as she stared at Jack’s bruises. “What happened?” “Got it working on your case,” Jack lied.
“Really?” Layla said, her eyes gleaming with interest. “It will be on my itemized bill,” Jack said with a grin.
Frowning, Layla said, “My sister—what did you find out?”
“I’m working on it,” Jack said as he signaled to the bartender, a skinny man with a silver ponytail. He said to Layla, “Does your husband know you’re here?”
Layla jerked her head in the direction of the drunken man. “Why did you let that man think you will not kick his ass?”
“Because I won’t,” Jack said, pulling out Katya’s cell phone.
Layla shook her head disparagingly. “I don’t understand American men. All sweet mush-mouth talk, but no muscle.”
“You’re not my woman,” Jack said, “I got no reason to use muscle.”
“If you are a man, you use muscle,” Layla said with a challenging glint in her eyes.
Jack placed a 20-dollar bill on the bar. He opened Katya’s phone to her contacts and held it out for Layla. “Do you recognize any of these?”
Layla took the cell phone from him and, fumbling with the phone, she accidentally hit the button that brought up the screen saver photograph of Katya and her husband. Layla gasped, “This is Katya!” She gave Jack a hard look. “How did you get this?”
The bartender set down Jack’s beer, took the cash and retreated.
Jack took the phone from her and scrolled back to the list of contacts. He held out the phone to her and said, “Tell me what names you recognize.”
Refusing to take the phone, Layla shook her head and said, “I don't want trouble—not with Katya.”
“You’re scared of her,” Jack said. “Why?”
“I hired a detective, not a thief,” she snapped.
“I’m trying to find your sister,” Jack said. “You going to help me or not?”
Layla stared at him, her lips compressed in tight disapproval. After a moment, she reached out and tentatively took the phone. At that moment, Katya’s phone rang.
Layla gave a startled cry and dropped the phone, which hit the tiled floor with the telltale crack of a shattered face plate and then skittered noisily across the floor until it came to a stop ten feet away.
Ignoring the collective groan of sympathy from onlookers, Jack jumped up to retrieve the phone. As he bent over, from the corner of his eye, Jack caught the brief sight of a woman’s pale face, her eyes flashing in his direction. A vague memory tugged at him, but he was unable to place the woman’s face as she retreated deeper into the shadows of the booth. The low lighting had also given a momentary illumination to a swell of cleavage that threatened to breach the barriers of her low-scooped dress. A man slid in beside the woman, blocking her from Jack’s view. Jack returned to the bar, disturbed by the vague sense of recognition.
Layla, who had been watching him, now gazed at him with contempt. “Take picture! It will last longer.”
Jack gave her a quizzical look. Since he had shown up, Layla was treating him more like her own personal beach-front, man-property than a hired detective. Jack said, “I thought I recognized her.”
Layla’s eyebrows went up. She said sarcastically, “Perhaps—an auntie who is ailing?” “I don’t have any aunties that look like that,” Jack said, thinking that Layla was proving pricklier than a jumping cholla.
Layla snorted and said, “I did not realize I hired a pervert.”
Jack gave her a sharp look. After all the crap that he just went through with Enid—being suspected of child abuse in the Urgent Care—he was feeling surprisingly thin-skinned. “That’s a shit thing to say,” Jack said, not trying to hide his anger.
Layla met his eyes defiantly. “Maybe I fire you and hire some other detective—someone who is not a pervert.”
To his annoyance, Jack felt his face redden. It was as good as letting her know that her venomous aim had hit the mark.
Layla gave him a smug look and took a sip of her wine.
With effort, Jack forced himself to put on his most professional demeanor. He held out the phone and said, “Do you know someone that goes by ‘dd’?”
Layla’s face went from smug to terrified. She stared at him, aghast. Jack said, “Who is dd?”
Layla stood up, grabbed her purse and backed away from Jack. “I want nothing to do with this!”
Jack felt that familiar biting curiosity that had been the driving force behind him into becoming a detective. For the last six months he’d been like a dead man walking—doing his job like a zombie on a treadmill. The bite of curiosity was not just a sweet relief —it was a thrill.
With shaking hands, Layla fumbled inside her purse, looking for something. She spoke to herself, “I should have listened. I should have hired a real detective—not some two-bit loser—”
“I can find Marina,” Jack said, “but I need your help. Who is dd?”
Layla stared at him, but she seemed to be looking past him at something else—something terrifying.
From across the room, there was a flurry of movement and raised voices from the booth that held the mysterious woman. Jack’s eyes flickered to the booth and back to Layla, but—it was too late.
When Layla saw that Jack’s eyes had gone in the direction of the woman, she went rigid with anger. Her mouth twisted with contempt as she said, “Pervert!”
Layla turned to leave, but Jack jumped forward, stopping her. “Who is this dd?”
Eyes blazing, Layla glared up at him, her words scornful. “It was my mistake to hire a—a—neudachnik. You’re fired!”
Jack gave a hard laugh, “I’m going to find Marina—with or without you.”
Layla stared up at him, clenching and unclenching her fists like she was going to strike him.
As if being driven by an unknown force, Jack gave a pointed look at her fists. “What?
You gonna hit me?”
Layla eyed him, unsure.
Jack felt the opportunity. She hadn’t left. She was still standing in front of him. Following some dark instinct, Jack turned actor. He gave a cynical grin and said, “I bet you did it. You hired me to cover up your involvement and I’m getting too close to the truth, is that it? You murdered Marina.”
Layla lunged at him, her right fist raised to strike him.
Jack moved aside, but not before her fist glanced off his right cheek. Her left hand flew down on him and he felt the stinging pain of her fingernails raking across his cheek, drawing blood.
Jack’s hand shot out and he grabbed Layla by the arm and pulled her close. “If you killed Marina, you’re going to pay for it!”
From behind the bar, the bartender yelled, “Hey! I’m calling the cops!”
Jack let go of Layla and she stumbled backwards. She grabbed a chair and barely avoided falling. Layla snarled at Jack, “You son of a whore! Your mama probably took one look at you and fucking hung herself!”
Unaware that her words had flayed a still bleeding wound, Layla spun around and headed toward the exit.
Anger pulsed through him so hard that, for a moment, his vision blurred red. Jack heard his own voice yell across the crowded bar. “Did you tell your husband that you’re a hooker?”
Layla spun around, staring at Jack in horror.
Jack’s eyes met hers. A voice inside him screamed for him to stop, but her carelessly tossed-off words had pushed him past rational thinking.
Red-faced, Layla charged back to the bar. She grabbed her wine glass and threw the remaining contents of her drink in Jack’s face.
Jack took the drink in his face unflinchingly, despite the stringing pain of wine on his scratched face.
Layla leaned in and spoke only loud enough so that he could hear her words. “You tell my husband anything—I cut out your heart and feed it to the dogs!”
Jack had never raised his hand to a woman and was determined never to do so. He had the firm belief that only a pathetically weak man could hit a woman. Yet, he wanted to get to her, so he did the only other thing he could think of that would infuriate her.
He kissed her.
Too shocked to move, Layla stood frozen as Jack’s lips met hers. The kiss was short and, as Jack released her, Layla was left staring at him, her mouth hanging open in surprise.
Jack reached out and, with one finger, gently pushed her chin upward to shut her mouth.
Realizing what he had done, Layla came alive with fury. Her arm snapped back and, with full force, her palm cracked across Jack’s left cheek like a whip.
Not surprised at her slap, Jack grinned at her. He planted a malicious, knowing twinkle in his eyes. His refusal to fight for her earlier in the evening had given him a clue to how to handle her. She was the type that liked—that needed—the man to be stronger. She wanted to be manhandled and, even though that wasn’t his style, he was willing to play the game—to keep the case.
From the corner of his eye, Jack saw the bartender coming around the bar with a baseball bat in hand and a look in his eyes that meant business.
“Honey!” Jack threw his hands wide and gazed at Layla in mock exasperation. Before she could react, Jack scooped Layla up and plopped her over his right shoulder. Amid her screams and the tumult of the room, Jack strode toward the exit. The room crackled with tension as Jack forced his way past a startled gold digger who practically fell off her stilts and onto her elderly paramour.
Layla shrieked out Russian curses as Jack hauled her out the front door like he was carrying a sack of angry cats. Jack caught a glimpse of the barman, his ponytail flying behind him and the baseball bat brandished above his head, as he chased after him.
Someone yelled, “Call the cops!”
Jack kicked the front door open and barreled into the parking lot that was bathed in a mixture of moonlight and subtle neon.
In an effort to not fall off his shoulder, Layla had been forced to grip Jack’s belt and, as she was yanking it upward, it was creating a horrible wedgie situation that was bringing tears to Jack’s eyes.
The pain of Layla’s wedgie escalated and, to prevent the strangulation of his left nut, Jack was forced to a violent stop that almost sent Layla tumbling out of his grip. Layla released her hold and Jack felt his balls sink back down into relative comfort.
Keeping his grip on Layla, Jack spun around to shout into the face of the charging bartender, “It’s our honeymoon!”
The bartender scudded to a stop and pointed his baseball bat at Jack, “Put her down, asshole!”
Another man, somewhere behind him, yelled, “Police are on the way!”
Warily eying the bartender’s baseball bat, Jack slapped Layla on her upturned ass and said, “Honey! Tell them—we’re on our honeymoon.”
The bartender yelled, “Put her down or I will fucking crack your skull!”
Jack staggered to the left, mostly because Layla had a terrifyingly new G.I. Joe grip on his belt and she was pulling so hard that his balls were starting to feel like a pit bull’s tug-toy. The motion caused her to release her grip and Jack, once again, felt his balls sink back into a semblance of normalcy. Jack took advantage her momentary release and spun her around so that her head was pointed at the bartender and the gathering crowd, and he was facing the road.
Hoping that Layla was more smart than vindictive, Jack said, “Honey, they called the police. Tell em—we’re on our honeymoon.”
At the words the police, Jack felt Layla’s body stiffen.
In the ensuing silence, Jack hardly dared to breath as he waited for Layla to decide their fate. He stood facing the road, counting on what he felt was his only protection—a former Russian hooker’s aversion to the police.
When Jack was certain it was too late, Layla shouted at the crowd, “Everything is good!
He is my husband and—this is—a game!” Jack grinned, almost faint with relief.
“See,” Layla said as she held out her left hand, “my wedding ring! My husband—he like sex game. He has a dick this small—like a child’s coloring marker!” Jack’s grin disappeared as he heard the watchers erupt in laugher.
Layla shouted, “The only way he can get it up is to do this game—you see? He is a sick bastard, but he is my husband!” More laughter.
As Layla kept describing his inadequacies to the crowd, Jack began trudging to his car with her still on his shoulder.
“The police are on their way!” the bartender called out behind them.
With his free hand, Jack waved over his shoulder in acknowledgment. Layla had managed to defuse the situation, but Jack wasn’t feeling as grateful as he could have been, since the dispersing crowd’s laughter was at his expense.
Finally, they were at his car, and the crowd, including the bartender and his bat, were gone. Layla was light, but by the time Jack got to the car and dumped her, he was glad to get her off his shoulder, which was beginning to hurt like a knife was being twisted in it. As he set her down, she gave one last vicious tug to his belt and Jack practically crumpled to his knees with pain.
“Jesus,” Jack gasped as he reached down and adjusted himself. “You trying to kill me?” Glaring at him, Layla got into the passenger seat of Jack’s car. “That can be arranged.” Jack walked gingerly around the car and got in the driver’s side.
Layla was glaring at him. “So, what? This is blackmail? You want sex—or you tell my husband?”
Jack started the car and hit the button that locked all the doors.
Layla glanced at the lock on her side of the car. “You pig. You’re all the same.”
Jack got out Katya’s phone and held it out to her. “Tell me what you know or, God help me, I will tell your husband.”
“Bastard,” Layla said, snatching Katya’s phone from his hand.
Jack looked to the front of the restaurant and saw that the bartender had returned. He was standing in the doorway, watching them.
Layla scrolled down the contact list. She stopped at “dd” and shoved the phone back at him. “Dmitri Derzhavin. Please, give him a call. You will save the trouble of me having you killed.”
“Is he Russian mafia?” Jack said.
“No, he is Boy Scout,” Layla said. “Now, you will not tell my husband?”
Jack was writing down the new information and didn’t answer. He was about to ask her how to spell the last name when, cursing in Russian, Layla began twisting around in her seat. She pulled her skirt up to above her waist, which exposed her black lace panties.
Jack stared at her in surprise.
Misreading his face, Layla made a disparaging sound and reached down to yank down her underpants, exposing herself.
“Jesus!” Jack said.
“You do not tell my husband about me,” Layla said, glaring at him with cold eyes.
Jack shook his head and turned back to his notes. “Pull up the skivvies. You’ll catch cold.” Jack could feel Layla’s eyes on him and, without looking at her, he said, “How do you spell Dmitri’s last name?”
After a moment, he heard Layla readjusting her clothes as she said, “D-e-r-z-h-a-v-i-n.”
Jack wrote down the name, and when he looked at Layla, she was fully clothed and looking slightly confused. “Don’t worry,” Jack said. “I won’t tell your husband.”
Layla shook her head, bewildered. “I do not understand American men.” Jack smiled. “All you have to do is understand your husband, Ed.”
Layla made a face and said, “Two more months, then I’m legal. I was planning to take off, start over, but now—I don’t know.”
Jack glanced at her, questioningly.
Layla shrugged and said, “He cooks. He rubs my feet. He pays bills. He’s not so bad.” “I don’t think you’ll find anything better than that,” Jack said drily.
“We have a pool,” Layla said with a conceding nod of her head. “Heated.”
“Do you need a ride home?” Jack said.
Layla pulled a lipstick out of her purse and began facial repairs. She nodded in the rearview mirror and said, “Politsiya.”
Jack had seen the police car. He watched as it pulled up to the front door of the restaurant. The bartender spoke to the police officer through the open window as he pointed toward Jack’s car.
Jack turned to Layla and said, “Are you familiar with the phrase please-do-not-throw-me-under-the-bus?”
“I will not mangle the firewood, if that is what you mean,” Layla said. The police cruiser pulled up and a female officer got out of the car.
Jack rolled down his window and waited.
The police officer approached and shone a flashlight through the window, blinding Jack. “License and registration, sir.”
Jack retrieved the needed paperwork as the officer’s flashlight landed on Layla. “Ma’am,” the officer said, “are you here voluntarily?”
Layla nodded.
The officer said, “I need a yes or no.” “Yes,” Layla said.
Jack handed the officer the requested information, which she examined and then said to Layla, “Step out, please.” She pointed to Jack, “You wait here.”
Layla got out and followed the police officer to the police cruiser where they proceeded to talk for five minutes. From Layla’s gestures and the officer’s smirks, Jack quickly realized that Layla was embellishing the story of his physical defects and what it took to get him sexually excited. Jack slid down in his seat, mortified.
After what seemed like a lifetime, they returned to the car. Layla hopped into the passenger seat with a triumphant look.
Grinning, the officer said, “Sir, I suggest that, in the future, you keep the games in the privacy of your own home.”
Feeling an unaccustomed blush rise to his cheeks, Jack gave a curt nod. He didn’t know whether to be furious or laugh. He had to admit to the fact that Layla had beat him fair and square.
The officer lingered and, after a long moment, Jack looked up. The officer said, “Jack Fox? Your father was…?”
Realizing that she had recognized that his father was the former police chief of Phoenix, and not wanting rumors to get out about his “defects,” Jack said, “My father was a carpenter down in Tucson.”
“Oh,” the officer said, her shrewd eyes examining him.
“Ellison Davis Fox,” Jack lied. “Did you know him?”
Before she could answer, Layla called out cheerfully, “Don’t worry, Sharon, I will do like I said. I will set up a pretend restaurant in the bedroom so we can pretend like we are in public because, as I said—” Layla held up her two fingers one inch apart, obviously referring to the Jack’s lack of endowment.
“Jesus,” Jack muttered.
Jack could hear the smile in the officer’s voice as she said, “Keep the games at home, kids. Next time, I won’t be so nice.”
“Thank you, Sharon!” Layla called out, waving cheerfully as the officer walked away.
Jack watched as the police cruiser pulled out of the parking lot, turned onto Pinnacle Peak and was gone.
Jack turned to Layla with a grim smile. “I suppose I should thank you.”
Layla got out of the car and came around to the driver’s side. She stared down at him through the open window. Her face was cold and hard. “Dmitri Derzhavin. You ruin this for me— my chance in America—I will make sure you end up dead.”
Jack was about to speak, but Layla interrupted him. “I paid you money. Find my sister.”
Jack watched as Layla turned and walked away, heading toward her car. A smile played around the corners of his mouth at the thought that, despite his humiliation, the case was still his. Not wanting to push his luck, Jack started the car, knowing that it was time to get the hell out of Dodge.

Chapter 18
I saw that I'd get nowhere on the straight path, and that to go crookedly was straighter. Nikolai Gogol
Trevor Wissman, a compact man in his mid-50s, stared at Bud like he’d lost his mind. It was 9:00 in the morning and Bud had picked a bad time to arrive at the Wissman Funeral Home. From the muffled sobbing that emanated from behind the closed double doors, it was obvious that a funeral was in full swing. And from Trevor Wissman’s immaculately pressed black suit, it was equally obvious that he was officiating the funeral.
Bud said, “I was told to ask for you. You are Trevor Wissman, correct?”
“Sir,” Trevor said as he drew himself up to his full five-foot-five height, “I am in the middle of officiating a memorial for one of our dearly departed. This interruption—it’s unseemly! I ask that you respectfully leave the premises—or I will be forced to call the authorities.”
Bud eyed the pale, nervous man who stood in front of him. Trevor Wissman didn’t look like he could effectively wring out a wet dishrag, much less run a black market organization, but if it was one thing Bud had learned after all the years of being a homicide detective—looks could be deceiving.
On the previous day, after Bud’s interview with Rudy at the Florence Prison, when Rudy had told Bud to find Trevor Wissman, Bud had found him. A quick internet search showed that Trevor owned the largest funeral home in the metro-Phoenix area. Bud had dug deeper, looking for any dirt, but everything on Trevor came up cleaner than a newly bloomed lily. Trevor Wissman appeared to be legit, right down to the funeral home’s membership in the Better Business Bureau. As far as a chop shop in the back, Bud had yet to determine.
That morning, on his way to the funeral home, Bud had been struck by a disconcerting reality. For the next two weeks of his suspension, he was not an official City of Phoenix homicide detective, so he couldn’t introduce himself with a flash of a badge and the self-assurance of someone who could not be turned away. After a healthy tussle with his conscience, Bud had decided to pull what he called a “Jack Fox” and introduce himself as Bud Smith, a freelance reporter. In the past, Bud had passed harsh judgment on Jack Fox’s morally ambiguous methods, but—well…
Before he had time to change his mind, Bud found himself standing in front of Trevor’s receptionist and the false introduction had flowed from his mouth with surprising ease. The deception wasn’t very original, but it had proved effective—especially after Bud had told the receptionist that he was working on a story about transplant tourism in Arizona.
The timid receptionist had hesitated, but rapidly disappeared behind the double doors that contained the sobbing mourners.
Within moments, Trevor had emerged from the memorial service.
Bud stuck out his hand and said a little too quickly, “Bud Smith. I’m a reporter working on a story about the illegal black market of human organs and their ties to local funeral homes here in Phoenix.”
Trevor had paled and stepped back as if he’d been struck, but he’d quickly recovered his dignity and hit him with sentences full of overdone stressed wording that sounded phonier than a 30-cent coin.
Ignoring Trevor’s request for him to leave, Bud said, “My sources inside a certain doctor’s office claim that you are the mastermind.”
Trevor grabbed Bud by the elbow and steered him toward a hallway leading toward the back, but not before Bud caught a glimmer of ego flash across Trevor’s face. Bud had picked the word carefully because—who didn’t like being called a mastermind?
A group of mourners emerged from behind the double doors, blocking their way. Trevor slowed, his face changing to a mask of perfect professional empathy. He gave them a doleful smile as he steered Bud around the knot of mourners and down a long hallway leading away from them.
Allowing himself to be led, Bud said, “An employee of a biomedical company stated that your funeral home supplies them with human organs. Any comments?”
Trevor stopped, so startled that he dropped his grip on Bud’s arm. “That’s obscene! I’m an honest businessman.”
Bud recalled that that same phrase had been George’s mantra. Bud pulled out his pen and tapped it on a small notebook. “Before the article is published, I’d like to hear your side of the story.”
“There is no story,” Trevor said, grabbing Bud’s arm and pulling him down the hallway and toward a back exit.
Seeing that Trevor was getting ready to throw him out, Bud shook loose of Trevor’s grip and made a sharp turn into an office labelled “Director.” The small office was decorated in various gradations of brown and it was devoid of any personal touches.
Trevor bounded after him and said, “You’re not allowed in here!” Trevor grabbed Bud by the shoulder in an attempt to hoist him from the room.
Bud spun on Trevor and shoved him backwards so hard that Trevor almost fell. “Keep your hands off me!”
Trevor backed away, scared. After a moment, he said in a trembling voice, “You need to leave.”
Surprised at the violence of his reaction, Bud took a deep breath as he tried to quiet the pounding of his heart. Now was not the time to take a heart pill. After a moment, Bud said in a calmer voice, “For the article—are you sure you don’t want your side of the story told?”
“You mention me or my business,” Trevor said in a shaking voice, “I’ll sue you for everything you’ve got!”
“My source at the doctor’s office named names,” Bud said. “Your name was at the top of the list. Tell me your side of the story—”
Trevor took a cell phone from the inside of his jacket. “I’m calling the police.”
“Talk to the police—or talk to me,” Bud said. “I’m sure the police would be interested in the chop shop you run out of the back.”
Trevor wavered, but he ended the call. After a long moment, he said in a low, hoarse voice, “What do you want?”
“The names of the doctors who are sending you dead bodies and the biomedical company that is selling them.”
Trevor stared at him a long time, his eyes crystallizing into skepticism. Almost questioningly, as if trying out the sound of the words on his tongue, Trevor said, “You don’t know anything.”
“I know everything,” Bud said, trying to sound more confident than he felt. After a long moment, Trevor shook his head and said, “You’re lying.”
“Tell your side of the story—or I write what I think your side of the story is. Do you want to take that chance?”
“I want to see your business card,” Trevor said.
“I’m freelance. I don’t carry one,” Bud said as sickening warning bells jangled in his stomach.
Trevor’s eyes narrowed, “Show me your driver’s license, Mr. Smith.”
Sweat broke out on the back of Bud’s neck and he tried to think what Jack Fox would do in this situation. A voice from deep within him, born of desperation, answered—
Improvise.
Bud gave an exaggerated and resigned sigh as he put the pen in his pocket. “Have it your way, Mr. Wissman. The article will be published, whether you make a statement or not.”
Trevor shut the door and walked around his desk and opened a drawer. “Who are you?”
Bud headed to the door. “Sorry we can’t do business, Mr. Wiss – ”
Trevor pulled out a snub-nose pistol, aimed it at Bud’s chest and said, “Sit down.” Bud sat down.

Chapter 19
I’m doing badly, I’m doing well; whichever you prefer. Franz Kafka
Rose Buckbee sat in her hospital bed, arms crossed and a stubborn scowl plastered across her face. Hanging from her bottom lip, an unlit cigarette seemed to defy gravity as it snapped up and down with every word. Rose’s narrowed eyes moved from Enid, to Claire, to Micki, and then back to Enid. She examined Enid’s bruised face and her lips twitched mirthlessly. “Looks like you been scrapping with my first husband.”
Micki gestured frantically to the armful of Rose’s clothes that she had scooped up and deposited on her mother’s bed. “You gotta hurry—come on!”
“I ain’t goin’ nowhere,” Rose said, “until one of you gets my Marilyn Monroe lighter off that Spic.” Rose jerked her chin so that her cigarette pointed at the neighboring hospital bed, which held a middle-aged Hispanic woman. A white board above the woman’s bed proclaimed that she was ‘Rivera, Sophia, DOB 4/5/60.’
Micki flushed with shame at her mother’s words, and Enid, embarrassed for Micki, didn’t look at her as she moved closer to Mrs. Rivera, who was either in a deep sleep or doing a Meryl Streep acting job of playing dead.
“Mom!” Micki said, “I did exactly like you told me and now you won’t go!”
Enid bent close to Mrs. Rivera’s face. She wasn’t sure if it was real or her imagination, but Mrs. Rivera was either taking the shallowest breaths ever or —
“What’s wrong?” Rose said to Enid. “You trying to catch the Mexican biting-bug or you just wanna steal fool’s gold outta her molars?”
Enid turned and whispered, “Are you sure she’s not—you know…”
“She ain’t dead!” Rose said with a snort. “Not ten minutes before you showed up, doc come in and shot her up with a needle longer than my second husband’s dick. God bless that man’s sweet, everlasting soul straight to heaven for all the good times we had—at least till he took off to the Everglades with the crazy palm reader who worked outta her Cadillac over on 7th and Hatcher.” Rose shot a disparaging look at Mrs. Rivera. “Hell, that Spic might be out, but she ain’t over.”
Red-faced, Micki said, “Stop calling her that! Her name is Mrs. Rivera.”
Enid examined Mrs. Rivera’s blankets and was relieved to see the barely perceptible rise and fall of her chest with each shallow breath. Smiling, Enid retreated. “She’s breathing.”
“No shit, Sherlock,” Rose said. “You think they’d shack me up with a stiff?” Micki said, “We have to go! It’s after hours and if we get caught—”
Claire, who was standing by the door and on the lookout for nurses, turned on Micki angrily. “Just get the lighter already!”
“What if she wakes up?” Micki said with a nervous look at Mrs. Rivera.
“Ain’t budgin' till you get me my lighter,” Rose said. “Your old man, damn him to hell, gave me that lighter first time we ever did mud slides. Seriously, Mick, you know how sentimental I am, so just reach down there and grab me my lighter.”
Eyes wide with fear, Micki shook her head.
“You don’t get that lighter back, Micki,” Rose said, “I’ll let the state drag you back to foster care faster than I can cut bait and run.”
Micki gulped, looking from her mother to Mrs. Rivera.
Enid scowled at Mrs. Buckbee, wondering how many times that she had thrown out that particular threat.
Rose pointed at Micki. “Don’t think I’m blowing smoke up that fryin’ pan you call an ass, Mick. I got plans, I got options – and you have a way of scarin' em off.”
Losing her temper, Enid jumped forward and grabbed Rose’s clothes and shoved them at her. “Get dressed, you old canker sore! I’ll get your stinking lighter.” Enid turned and bounded to Mrs. Rivera’s bed where she stood over her for several seconds, unsure.
“My, my, ain’t we high and mighty,” Mrs. Buckbee said, eyeing Enid with a new appreciation.
Ignoring her remark, Enid looked down at Mrs. Rivera’s face and said, “Sorry, Mrs.
Rivera.” She began shaking out Mrs. Rivera’s covers and, when no lighter was forthcoming, she gently moved her hand under Mrs. Rivera’s covers and felt around.
Rose said, “Watch out for the pee-hose!”
Enid grimaced, feeling her hand brush against what had to be a catheter. From the doorway, Claire hissed, “Somebody’s coming!”
Claire and Micki darted into the bathroom.
Startled, Enid dashed after them, but tripped over her own feet and fell. She landed hard on her right knee and let out a yelp of pain.
From the safety of the bathroom, Micki hissed, “Hurry!”
Enid started to crawl toward them, but it was too late. She froze, too scared to move.
A man sauntered into the room. His bright blue scrubs contrasted sharply with his flaming red hair, albino skin, and washed-out blue eyes.
Enid shut her eyes, waiting for the inevitable—that he would either see her or trip over her.
Rose gave a piercing wolf whistle. “Hey, Zip! I was wondering when you were going to take me up on my offer.”
“Jesus, Rose!” Zip said. “People are sleeping.”
“Come here, Sweet Cheeks,” Rose said. “Can you take a look at this? Tell me what it is?”
Enid opened her eyes and was surprised to see that Zip hadn’t seen her. He was standing by Rose’s bed and his back was facing her.
Enid crawled toward the only hiding place in the room—the space between Mrs. Rivera’s bed and the wall.
Rose’s wicked cackle filled the room.
“Jesus, Rose!” Zip said.
“Feel free to take a closer look,” Rose said with a laugh. “If you got bad eyes, you can put your face right down in it.”
From her hiding spot, Enid watched Zip’s dirty Nikes head toward Mrs. Rivera’s bed, where he began unlocking the wheel locks that held her bed stationary.
Enid stiffened with alarm.
Rose said, “Whatcha doin', Sweet Cheeks?” Zip said, “Taking her to surgery.”
Enid tensed, knowing that if he moved the bed, then her hiding place would be exposed and they’d get kicked out of the hospital. Enid frantically wondered if Rose’s threat to Micki about foster care was real or just an empty threat.
One of the wheel locks was jammed and, as Zip struggled with it, he muttered, “Piece of shit! I keep telling them—”
Desperate, Enid grabbed at a sheet, which hung down from Mrs. Rivera’s bed as her mind scrambled for what to do. The sheet fluttered aside, revealing a space under the bed where linen was stored.
Grinning, Enid reached into the space and, as quietly as she was able, she pulled the linens out and onto the floor.
Zip paused his struggling. Enid froze.
“What’s up, Sugar Puss?” Rose said.
“That’s weird,” Zip said as if speaking to himself. “Did you feel that?”
Rose said, “If you felt an earthquake under your feet—it was just you wanting me, baby.”
Zip sighed and returned to struggling with the locking device. His muttered curses and motions were getting more violent as he yanked at the lock.
Taking advantage of the jerking bed, Enid, with difficulty, wedged herself into the now empty linen space. To Enid’s relief—and surprise—Zip seemed oblivious to anything other than the jammed lock. Enid re-adjusted herself into the tiny space so that she was semi-comfortable. With a violent yank, Zip released the wheel lock and the bed began to roll.
“Jesus!” Zip said angrily as he maneuvered the bed toward the door.
Enid was nearly sent tumbling onto the floor, but she gripped the undersides of the mattress edges and managed to stabilize herself. Her mind raced and she formulated her plan.
I’ll wait till nobody is looking—then crawl out and run!
Rose said to Zip, “Where you takin old jumpin' beans, Sugar?” “Surgery,” Zip said, “like I said.”
Rose said, “She didn’t say nothin’ ‘bout no surgery.” “Must’ve taken a turn for the worse,” Zip said. “What floor they do surgery on?” Rose said.
“Trust me, you don’t wanna know,” Zip said as he roughly maneuvered the bed through the door, managing to hit both sides of the door jam several times before he got it into the hallway.
Enid white-knuckled the bottom of the bed to keep from being tossed out. Once into the hallway, Zip began whistling a tune that Enid didn’t recognize.
An unfamiliar woman’s voice called out, “If there’s a God in heaven, please tell me that Buckbee is asleep.”
“Wide awake,” Zip said. “I guess you pulled the short straw tonight.”
“You haven’t lived till you have to wedge a bedpan under Buckbee’s butt,” the woman said.
Zip laughed. “If she wants to show you something, just say no.” The woman said, “Dear Lord, do I want to know?”
“No,” Zip said, wryly, “but, in the words of Nancy Reagan to Arnold on Different Strokes—just say no.”
“You watch too much Nickelodeon, Zip,” the woman said, laughing.
Within moments, Zip pushed the gurney into an echoing elevator and they were traveling downward.
Enid unsuccessfully tried to place Zip’s whistled tune, which was strangely catchy. The elevator came to a stop and the doors slid open and Zip continued on his journey with the bed.
Enid grimaced. Even with the bandage on her nose, the smell of disinfectant was so strong it brought tears to her eyes.
“Hey, Zip,” another woman’s voice called out.
“Hey, yourself,” Zip said. “Is this the last one? I’m about as tired as a one-legged man at an ass-kicking contest.”
“That one is older than the liver spots on your mama’s butt,” the woman said with a disparaging snort. “Unless we hear otherwise from the doctor, Rivera is the last one.”
Somewhere along the way, Zip stopped pushing the bed like it contained a human being and began pushing it like he was in a bumper-car derby.
To keep herself from being hurtled out, Enid braced herself and hung on until her hands were numb with pain. Zip took each new turn like he was a suicidal NASCAR driver.
The front wheels of the bed hit the edge of a metal ramp so hard that Enid was unable to keep herself from yelping in pain as her forehead bounced off the top of the compartment. She heard Zip grunting with the effort of ramming the bed upward onto a metal ramp.
The previously cool air of the hospital turned stale and hot, like someone had shoved them into a pre-heated oven. Enid’s mind reeled with confusion as she tried to keep her panic down.
Where are we?
Zip pushed the bed over a hump and across what sounded like a metal floor. “Jesus!” Zip said, “Who’s the genius who did this?”
A man’s voice said, “We had to take the first one on off, so just take this one down to the end.”
“Fucking geniuses,” Zip muttered as he pushed the bed until it hit what sounded like a metal wall. Then he was maneuvering it sideways, struggling to get it into a certain position.
Enid wasn’t sure, but it sounded like he was securing the bed to a wall as the sheet flapped out, revealing the bright blue scrubs of Zip’s legs. In another moment, his legs disappeared and Enid, hardly daring to breathe, listened as his footsteps retreated.
Heart pounding with fear, Enid took a deep breath, readying herself to crawl out of the hiding space and make a run for it. At that moment, she heard the sounds of a sliding door with rattling chains and, too late, she realized what was happening.
“No!” Enid gasped in horror. She shot out of her hiding place in time to see the large metal door of an 18-wheeler truck coming down, locking her in the darkness. Stunned, Enid struggled to understand why she was in the back of a truck designed for hauling things—not people!
The metal door’s bolt clattered into place and Enid jumped to her feet and ran, pell-mell, toward the door. Frantically, she pounded her fists against the door as she screamed, “No! No!
Nooooooo!”
Her screams were lost in the roar of the engine and, as the truck started forward with a jounce, Enid stumbled backwards. Her arms flailed out and she grabbed the first object her hands encountered, which felt like another hospital bed. Holding on tightly, Enid’s stomach churned with nausea and fear. The pain from her nose was sending claws of pain around the back of her head and into her neck. The air within the truck was hot. She felt lightheaded as she broke out in a sticky film of sweat.
Enid hung on to the hospital bed, hoping that she wouldn't pass out or puke. As her eyes got accustomed to the dark, her mind raced, but all she could think was—
Why would they put Mrs. Rivera in the back of a truck—with no air conditioner?
Only one answer sprang to Enid’s mind.
She’s dead!
Enid had seen the rise and fall of Mrs. Rivera’s chest back in the hospital room, but—
What if I only imagined it?
At the thought of being locked in a truck full of corpses, cold fear ran through Enid’s veins like ice water. Enid’s mind raced and she wondered if this is how hospitals got rid of dead people—shipping them off in trucks. If that was the case, Enid figured that maybe they were driving to a morgue. Enid shivered and decided that, no matter where they were going, once they got there—she was going to make a run for it.
Enid slapped her pockets, searching for her cell phone. With a sinking heart, she remembered that she left her phone in the book-bag with the gun, which was in Claire’s mother’s car.
Enid groaned aloud, feeling physically ill at the thought that if she had brought her book-bag she would now have a phone and a gun. Trying to control her rising panic, Enid took deep gulps of the swelteringly hot air. Against her will, her thoughts returned to that room. When she had been trapped in that room six months ago, things had been a thousand times worse. That man had trapped her on purpose. She was now only trapped in the back of the truck because of her own stupidity. If she could get out of that mess, she reasoned, trying to calm herself, then she could get out of this mess.
Enid’s spirits lifted as she reminded herself that at least no one was trying to kill her. She took another deep breath and tried to clear her mind of everything that was useless—like fear and pain. Slowly, Enid got control of her thoughts.
When she felt calmer, Enid decided on a better plan. When the truck did stop, she would go back in her hiding place under Mrs. Rivera’s bed and, after they unloaded her bed from the truck, then she would make a run for it. Enid thought regretfully of her cell phone, which would have worked nicely as a flashlight. Her head jerked up and she grinned.
Marilyn!
Enid’s heart pounded with excitement as she remembered the Marilyn Monroe lighter that was probably still in Mrs. Rivera’s bed. Enid got to her feet and slowly worked her way along a long line of hospital beds, carefully making sure that her hands stayed on the edges of the bed— away from any possible dead people in the beds. Her hand brushed something warm and soft— like skin.
Horrified, Enid jerked her hand away. Because of the jolting truck, she was forced to reach out and re-grip the edge of the bed. She stood still, breathing hard. Despite the stifling heat, she realized that she was shivering. The truck hit a pothole and Enid flew forward and landed on something warm. To her horror, the warm thing groaned.
Shrieking, Enid staggered between the rows of beds, grabbing anything that her hands touched so that she would keep from falling. Despite her panic, Enid knew that Mrs. Rivera’s bed was the last one to her left. When she reached the last bed, she reached out, her fingertips brushing warm skin.
She pulled back her hand and, with a shaking voice, said, “Mrs. Rivera?”
She listened, but there was nothing but the sounds of the truck. Hoping she had the right gurney, Enid moved her hands under the blankets and sheets until she felt the soft fabric of a hospital gown over a woman’s softer belly. Enid gently moved her hands down, searching for the lighter.
Enid cried out with relief when her fingers closed around what could only be Rose Buckbee’s Marilyn Monroe lighter. Enid pulled her hand out from under the covers and clutched the lighter to her chest. With shaking hands, Enid tried to ignite the lighter, but couldn’t. After several more tries, the eerie ghost-like figure of Marilyn Monroe holding down her white skirt danced above the flame.
“Yes!” Enid said, unable to contain her joy.
Enid turned and held the lighter up to get a better view of the inside of the truck. Rows of hospital beds lined each side of the truck’s walls and each bed hid lumpy figures that could only be people.
The truck hit a pothole and the lighter flew from Enid’s sweaty fingers. The flame was immediately extinguished and the lighter clattered across the floor and into the darkness.
“Crap!” Enid said.
Holding on to the beds, Enid made her way toward the back of the truck. When she reached the far end of the truck, she got down on her hands and knees and felt around the floor. She couldn’t see a thing—not even her hand in front of her face.
Enid had just resolved that she would start at the back of the truck and go over every square inch of the floor when the truck hit a bump that sent the lighter skittering under her fingers.
Enid let out a cry of joy. Gripping the lighter in both hands, she sat down cross-legged and decided that she was going to stay in one place until the truck came to a stop. Once the truck stopped, then she would go back to her hiding place. It was too hot to do anything more than sit in one spot and try to keep calm.
A man groaned.
Enid’s spine stiffened. Still clenching the lighter, she hesitated and then whispered into the darkness, “Hello?”
Scratching.
Enid moved backwards, pressing her back against the hot metal doors. Still gripping the lighter, she hugged her knees to her chest. She considered calling out—maybe the man who groaned could wake up and help her—
Or kill her.
The thought had come unbidden into her mind and, in an instant, panic burst through her fragile dam of logic. Enid’s imagination went wild with nightmare visions of re-animated corpses that looked strangely like that man who had locked her in that room—and she had been forced to kill. In her terror, she knew it was him! In her mind’s eye, she saw him walking toward her, his arms outstretched and his hands clawed and ready to rip her to shreds.
Shaking with terror, Enid desperately tried to get the lighter started, knowing that if she could see that he wasn’t there, then maybe she could calm down. It took several times, but when the flame came to life, the dim light from under Marilyn’s dress revealed a vision more horrible than anything Enid could have imagined.
The last thing Enid remembered was the sound of her own strangled scream.

Chapter 20
If you want to hit a man in the chest, aim for his groin. Bat Masterson
The morning light slanted through Jack’s bedroom window, sending a glaring patch of sunlight across his face. Groaning, Jack rolled over. Something was pressed against his left shoulder and, irritated, he shook it off. He was just slipping back to sleep when the thing returned—pressing against him, warm and solid. Jack sleepily wondered what it was.
His eyes flew open.
Shit!
Remembrance of the night before came flooding back to him. Jack grimaced at the sting of the all too familiar morning-after regret. Jack carefully slid out from under Melody Stuckley’s hand, which rested on his shoulder.
As Melody’s arm fell limply onto the sheets, Jack gazed down at her naked body, which lay in the twisted sheets. His old friend, Regret, might be sitting on his shoulder like a trained monkey, but, he had to admit —
She looks great.
Jack eyed her in admiration, some of the heat from last night returning. The morning sunshine wasn’t doing her sharp nose any favors, but Jack’s eyes lingered there anyway. Her tits had proved even more lovely than he had imagined them when she had threatened him in the principal’s office.
Was that only yesterday?
Jack reached over and gently pulled up the sheets so that she was covered. He slipped out of bed, grabbed his jeans and cell phone from the floor, and headed for the kitchen. In the hallway, he stopped long enough to pull on his jeans.
He glanced at Enid’s closed bedroom door, hoping that she hadn’t heard anything.
Shuddering at the thought, Jack hurried to the kitchen and began brewing coffee. He wondered if he would be able to get Melody up and out of the apartment before Enid was awake.
With the clear-thinking logic that always happened halfway through the first cup of coffee, Jack frowned, wondering what in the hell had made him think that bringing Melody back to the apartment was a good idea.
Jack recalled the previous night—and he knew exactly why.
Jack quietly made his way back down the hallway. He stopped in front of Enid’s door and listened, but all was silent.
Jack glanced at his cell phone to check the time. It would be another thirty minutes until Enid’s alarm went off. If history proved accurate, Enid would stumble blindly to the bathroom, spend maybe twelve minutes getting ready for school, hit the kitchen for instant oatmeal and a banana, and then rush off to school.
The vision that had plagued his thoughts the night before—of Enid being in pain—had dulled to a mere shadow. Jack didn’t know if it was the alcohol, Melody or the morning sunlight, but Jack could almost laugh at himself for being such a sucker to believe in froufrou psychic bullshit.
Almost.
From behind him, Melody said, “Where’s Enid?”
Startled, Jack spun around. He was about to say good morning, but the words disappeared into an appreciative grin.
Melody stood in the doorway, naked. Her tousled hair fell over her shoulders and, for the first time, Jack saw the tattoo over her left hip. It was a black heart encircled with barbed wire.
Jack stood, gazing at her in admiration. She certainly didn’t have a perfect body, but he loved the confident way she moved like she did have a perfect body. He’d been with too many beautiful women who acted like they weren’t. Melody was the opposite—and it was refreshing.
Melody walked barefoot across the kitchen and wrapped her arms around his neck. Jack found himself in a sweet kiss that tasted of mint mouthwash.
Jack’s mind meandered back over the previous night and, not for the first time, he was amazed at the strange way that life had of grabbing him by the balls and pulling him in a different direction than he had intended to go. After Layla had left him in Mastro’s parking lot, Jack had been driving past the restaurant entrance when he had stopped for a couple who were leaving. The couple was in a heated argument and, when they had stopped walking, Jack had continued driving past. Without warning, the woman had shoved the man in front of Jack’s moving car. Jack slammed on the brakes, barely avoiding running the man down.
Furious, the man had jumped to his feet and slapped his palms down on the hood of Jack’s car. “What the fuck!” he shouted at Jack.
Jack locked eyes with him through the windshield. He took a quick gauge of the man and determined that this wasn’t a guy to tangle with if he could somehow avoid it. The guy was huge. Not just his muscles, but also his testosterone-steroid chin and the Special Ops tattoos on both forearms that looked like the real deal.
In fact, Jack was surprised that the woman had knocked him down so easily.
The man jabbed his finger at Jack and, turning to the woman, yelled to her, “The hell you are going home with this loser!”
“Suck my dick,” the woman said in a crisp, precise voice. She deftly moved past the man and hopped into the passenger’s side of Jack’s car.
Jack stared in astonishment at the woman. It was Melody Stuckley.
The last time Jack had seen Melody Stuckley had been in Enid’s school’s Principal’s office, when she had shoved him into a wall and threatened to “bring the full force of the law down on his head” if anything bad happened to Enid. With a jolt, Jack realized that it had been Melody’s cleavage that he had seen receding into the shadows of the restaurant booth earlier in the evening.
“Drive,” Melody said.
Glancing at the Special Ops thug, who now had his beefy hands on the passenger side door handle of Jack’s car and looked like he was about to rip the door from its hinges, Jack took Melody’s suggestion and jammed his foot down on the accelerator. Speeding out of the parking lot, Jack saw that Special Op’s face distorted with rage.
Jack turned onto Pinnacle Peak Road and glanced at Melody, curious.
Without looking at him, Melody clicked on her seat belt and said, “Well?” “Well what?” Jack said.
Melody said, “Enid said you’re a private eye. That nonsense back there—with the Russian bimbo—was that work or was it personal?”
“That was you in the booth,” Jack said. “I didn’t see your face.” Melody shrugged. “Nobody ever sees my face.”
Jack suppressed a grin. “Where am I taking you?” “Your place,” Melody said, matter-of-factly.
Jack shot her a look of surprise and said, “I’m not that kind of girl.”
“The hell you aren’t,” Melody said. Eyes narrowing, she reached out and pulled aside Jack’s collar. “What the hell happened to your neck?”
“I cut myself shaving,” Jack said. Melody snorted. “Chinatown.”
Jack made a left turn, heading south on Scottsdale Road. “You still think I’m trying to murder Enid for insurance money?”
Melody pulled out a cigarette and lit up. She cracked the window and blew a stream of smoke out her nostrils. “Are you?”
“Seems to me like you just tried to kill that guy by shoving him under my car.”
“I wanted to get your attention,” Melody said.
“Vehicular manslaughter does tend to get a man’s attention,” Jack said. Melody held out her cigarette, examining the burning tip. “I hate cigarettes.” “Who was that guy?” Jack said.
Melody smiled and blew two long streams of smoke out her nostrils. “Disgusting habit.”
Jack reached over, plucked the cigarette out of her fingers, crushed it against the top of an empty coffee container in the console and flicked it out the narrow crack of the window.
Melody glared at him, indignant. “Well, aren’t you the gentleman.”
Jack said, “The disgusting habit—you talkin' about smoking—or your ex?” “Both,” Melody said.
“How ex is your ex?” Jack said. “Ten minutes’ worth.”
Jack said, “So, you wanna go home with me—to get back at him?”
Melody snorted. “Don’t flatter yourself.”
“What? You going home with me to check out my Tiny Tim collection?” Melody turned to him, eyes wide. “You have a Tiny Tim collection?” “You got something against Tiny Tim?” Jack said.
Melody said, “Tiny Tim is one of the most underrated artists of twentieth century. Have you ever heard his rendition of “I got you babe”?”
Jack gave a wry smile. “Not many guys can sing both Sonny and Cher’s part.” “Genius,” Melody said, with a sigh. “That’s going to be the first song I dance to at my wedding.”
Jack glanced at her. “Who’s the lucky guy? The beef-head who almost kissed the underside of my fender?”
“Not you, if that’s what is worrying you.”
“Glad to hear it,” Jack said. “Because I’m getting married tomorrow.”
Melody laughed and the sound was deep, rich, and rough, which surprised him because he liked it. It was the kind of laugh that he wanted to hear again. It had been a long time since he heard anyone laugh that freely.
Jack stopped at the light.
Without warning, Melody took off her seat belt, leaned over and planted two fingers under Jack’s chin and turned his face toward her.
As Jack’s mind scrambled through the multitude of reasons why he should not do anything stupid, including the fact that Melody was Enid’s school counselor and the last thing he needed was to be idiot enough to—
Melody gave him a full-on I’m-going-to-fuck-you-tonight kiss, which tasted like everything good—except tomorrow morning’s regrets. As Jack returned her kiss, any thoughts of what he should or should not do fled.
A car horn blared behind them.
They pulled away from each other.
With a triumphant smile that made her nose look even sharper, Melody settled back into her seat.
Jack hit the accelerator and took the ramp onto the highway, his mind ticking through the list of why he should not. Before he had hit the seventh one, Melody interrupted his thoughts.
“I like you,” she said.
Jack glanced at her, remembering that he had said that same thing to Eve Hargrove—a million years ago. He felt himself wince and knew that Melody had seen it.
“What?” she said, her eyes puzzled, slightly hurt. “Do I offend?” She blew air out of her mouth, waving her hand upward as if to smell her supposed bad breath.
Jack shook his head, smiling.
Melody shrugged and leaned back in her seat, gazing at the passing night landscape.
Jack glanced over, admiring the sight of Melody’s cleavage, which was a curving canvas of ever-changing neon lights that sped over her body as they passed under oversized billboards proclaiming the services of divorce lawyers and plumbers.
At the sight of the oversized divorce lawyer smiling down on them from a billboard, Jack recalled his impending nuptials. Frowning, Jack tore his eyes from Melody and planted them back on the road where, as opposed to the woman sitting next to him, there was a speed limit and much less danger. He gripped the wheel, steeling his determination.
I will drive her to where she is going, walk her to her door and get the hell out of there.
It was somewhere between Cactus and Cave Creek that Jack’s resolve evaporated faster than cash through his ex-wife’s acrylic-tipped fingers. Maybe it was the gold flecks in Melody’s light brown eyes as she gazed at him from under her lashes, or maybe it was the way her neckline seemed to slip lower as the miles sped by.
Jack didn’t know what did it, but, later that night, what he did know was that sex with Melody was unlike anything he had ever experienced.
It sure as hell wasn’t love. It wasn’t even passion. Melody worked him over with the methodical precision of someone with chiropractor training, which proved, strangely enough, intensely satisfying. Melody so exactly knew what satisfied a man that Jack found himself running his fingers across her throat to make sure that she wasn’t sporting an Adam’s apple.
She wasn’t.
“What are you thinking?” Melody said.
Her words pulled Jack back to the present. Standing in his kitchen, Melody had her arms wrapped around his neck and she left enough room between their bodies so that, if he wanted more, he would have to be the aggressor.
Jack remained still, gazing down at her upturned face. In the morning light, she was beautiful—sharp nose and all.
As if reading his mind, Melody grinned and took his hand, leading him back to the bedroom. “I don’t have to be to work till 10:00 o’clock. My 9:00 o’clock, ninth-grade anorexic is in the hospital. The kid finally got an appetite and tried to eat a bottle of her mom’s Adderall.”
“Jesus,” Jack said, slightly shocked at her blasé tone.
Melody shrugged. “Most of these kids’ first fix is something out of their parents’ – or grandparents’ – medicine cabinet. I’ll never understand why anyone actually wants to have kids. It’s like a fucking I.Q. test.”
“But you treat kids,” Jack said, surprised. “I would think that you—well, at least, like kids.”
“Oh, I like kids,” Melody said with a laugh. “I just like other people’s kids.”
Jack pulled her into his bedroom, closing the door behind them. He ran his hands down her arms and then up the front of her thighs, enjoying the feel of her goose bumps under his fingers. “We have to keep it down. Enid—”
“Enid’s not here,” Melody said. Startled, Jack’s hands froze. “What?”
Melody reached down and cupped his balls. “I got up around 4:00 o’clock and checked her room. She’s not there.”
Jack held up one finger and said, “Hold that thought.” He detached himself from Melody and made for the door. He hurried down the hallway and stood in front of Enid’s closed door. He glanced back. Melody was standing behind him, naked.
He gave her a look and held out his hand as if to say that it was better if she go back to his room.
“I tell ya,” Melody said, pushing past him and opening Enid’s door and walking in. “She’s not here.”
Jack moved past her and, for one horrible moment, he feared that Enid was there, under the covers and sleeping—and she was going to wake up to the sight of him and naked Melody looming above her. In one stride, he was across the room and he yanked the covers off the bed, revealing carefully arranged dirty laundry and pillows bulked up to Enid’s shape.
Jack gaped at the empty bed. “What the—?”
From the doorway, Melody said, “Don’t tell me that fooled you?”
Jack spun on her. “What kind of person are you? You knew she wasn’t here and you didn’t wake me? What the hell!”
“I’m not on the clock,” Melody said with a shrug. “And I sure as hell didn’t come here to babysit.”
Jack stared at her and, before he could stop himself, he said, “You have to be the worst school counselor ever.”
Melody smiled, amused. “Said the private detective who got fooled by his daughter and a bunch of dirty laundry. Some private dick you are.”
Exasperated, Jack threw up his hands. “Women! You’re all fucking nuts!”
“I couldn’t wake you up,” Melody said with another shrug. “It would be unprofessional.
Perhaps even unethical.”
“But it’s not unprofessional and unethical to sleep with your patient’s father?” “Let’s not split hairs,” Melody said in a pleasant voice.
Jack ran his hands through his hair and looked around the room. “Before you came over, her friends—they were here last night. I must have fallen asleep and she went out with them—”
“You didn’t hear her leave?” Melody said.
Jack shook his head.
Melody hesitated and then said, “I don’t mean to be rude, but—aren’t detectives supposed to be more observant? If you heard her talking to her friends—how could you miss hearing her sneak out?”
“Don’t underestimate Enid,” Jack said grimly, “She has a talent for defying all logic and expectations.”
“Well, the goosebumps are now from cold, not pleasure, so—” Melody turned and headed back to his bedroom. She called over her shoulder, “Enid has an appointment with me today at 2:00 o’clock. She’s not stupid enough to skip a court-ordered session. The judge made it clear to her—”
Jack caught up with Melody and grabbed her arm, spinning her around. “I need a favor.” “I take requests, if that’s what you mean,” Melody said with a grin. “Fair warning, I’m a girl who believes in quid pro quo.”
“I need a date,” Jack said.
Melody laughed. “That’s so prom-night cute. When?” “Today.”
“You mean tonight?” Melody said.
Jack shook his head. “Today. 3:00 o’clock.”
Melody frowned. “For what?”
Jack hesitated and then said, “My wedding.”

Chapter 21
I do not choose that my grave should be dug while I am still alive. Queen Elizabeth I
Bud desperately tried to control his breathing, which was ragged and uneven. His heart felt like an out-of-control jackhammer trying to break free of its confining ribcage.
Bud had faced death before, but this was different. When he’d been told he had a heart attack, he’d been in a hospital room, carefully ensconced among machines, doctors and nurses who were there to save him from death. He’d known that his heart disease was a ticking bomb, but he had been able to lull himself into the illusion that there was a final heartbeat out there somewhere in the distance—over the horizon of more days and weeks and—maybe years.
Today, a gun in Bud’s face had instantly set him free of any illusions that he had more time. At gunpoint, Trevor Wissman had forced Bud to move out of the mortician’s office, down a long hallway and into the room where Trevor prepared corpses for their funerals.
Bud had stood with his lower back pressed against a steel-topped table that held a dead man in a dark suit and enough mortician’s makeup to spackle him back to a lifelike color. Bud had caught a glimpse of the dead man’s face, which had a shadow of a frown sewn into his lips, which seemed to be disapproving of the current situation.
The Trevor Wissman who held the gun on Bud was no longer the nervous Nelly he had appeared to be in his office. Since the moment Trevor had aimed the gun at Bud, his eyes had turned meaner than cat’s piss, and his gun-holding hand was steadier than a teetotaler’s stroll to church on a calm Sunday morning.
Bud had immediately noted that the gun had a silencer, which meant that Trevor could plant a bullet in his brain—without disrupting business.
Hands above his head, arms burning with the effort, Bud gasped out, “I’m a—homicide—detective. Undercover.”
Trevor’s eyes narrowed, but his gun didn’t waver. “My partner,” Bud said, “he knows where I am.”
Trevor examined him. After a long moment, he said, “You lied about being a reporter.
You’re lying about being a cop.”
Bud watched in terrified fascination as Trevor’s raised his gun, taking aim at Bud’s heart. “Stop!”
Trevor and Bud’s attention snapped in the direction of the door.
Gabby stepped into the room, locking the door behind her. She glared at them both like they were errant children caught in the act of stealing freshly baked cookies.
Bud’s eyes widened in surprise. Gabby was George’s wife and worked at her husband’s funeral home.
What’s she doing here?
“What the hell, Trevor!” Gabby snapped. “I told you—you don’t think, I do the thinking.”
Bud’s eyes widened in awe as he realized that the previously timid Gabby that he had met was now proving herself to be the boss of Trevor. Bud felt a flicker of hope as he saw that Trevor’s grip on the gun faltered.
Gabby said to Trevor, “If he tries anything, shoot him.”
Bud was startled to see Trevor’s gaze linger on Gabby, his eyes glowing with the look of besotted adoration.
“Focus!” Gabby said to Trevor.
Like a well-trained soldier, Trevor turned his attention—and his gun—back on Bud.
Bud eyed Gabby with trepidation. The last time Bud had seen Gabby, he had assumed she was what she presented herself to be: George’s mild-mannered, most likely mail-order-bride working in the family business, which also happened to be a funeral home. Now Gabby was commanding Trevor with the bearing of a queen who deigned to accept the adoration of a lesser being. Bud’s mind raced over the possibilities—was Gabby the real boss of the black market operation? Was Gabby playing Trevor and George against each other and, if so, why? Or, were the three of them all in on it together—maybe they were—a happy threesome? Maybe it was some crazy S&M thing. Bud’s mind raced forward, momentarily picking up and turning over every possible combination, which only led to more possibilities and more questions.
Gabby said to Bud, “Empty your pockets and—what is that? A lady’s purse?” Gabby gestured contemptuously at Bud’s fanny pack. “Throw it in front of you—here.” She pointed at Trevor’s feet, which were a good eight-foot distance from Bud.
Bud removed the fanny pack that contained his heart medications and threw it at Trevor’s feet.
“Your wallet,” Gabby said.
Bud moved his hand toward his pocket. “Slow!” Gabby said.
Bud did as he was told and pulled out his wallet, holding it out for her to see.
“There,” Gabby said, pointing at Trevor’s feet.
Bud purposefully made a bad throw, hoping that it would distract them.
It did distract Trevor, who made a move for the wallet, but Gabby snapped her fingers at Trevor so sharply that it stopped him.
“Blin!” Gabby said, so exasperated that she resorted to her native tongue. She shot Trevor a warning glance and he flushed red with shame.
“Try that again,” Gabby said to Bud, “I’ll shoot you myself. Got it?” Bud glared at her.
Never taking her eyes from Bud, Gabby carefully retrieved his wallet from the floor.
Trevor’s demeanor was returning to the nervous Nelly of earlier. He said to Gabby, “Is everything okay out there—with the funeral?”
“Matilda’s taking care of it,” Gabby said. She dumped the contents of Bud’s wallet and fanny pack on a nearby table. She sorted through, examining each belonging.
Bud’s eyes searched the room, looking for anything he could use as a weapon. Gabby held up a card from Bud’s wallet. “He’s a cop!”
Bud gave her a sharp glance. When Bud had originally gone to George’s funeral home and first met Gabby, he had introduced himself as Detective Orlean with the Phoenix police. He’d shown her his police badge.
Why is she pretending she doesn’t know?
At Gabby’s words, Trevor groaned aloud. “He told me, but I didn’t believe him.” Trevor gripped the gun with both hands as the barrel of the gun danced in the air, jabbing in Bud’s direction. “We have to kill him! He knows everything.”
Bud’s heart contracted painfully, but he forced himself not to raise his hand to his chest, which was now radiating a dull, ache into his left arm. It wouldn’t do to show weakness.
Triumphantly, Gabby held up one of Bud’s prescription bottles. “He has a bad heart.” Trevor stared at her, unsure.
Bud waited, agonizing over what Gabby’s next words would be. Gabby said to Trevor, “We don’t need to shoot him.”
The look in Gabby’s eyes gave Bud the distinct impression that getting shot might be better than whatever she was contemplating.
Gabby jerked her chin at something behind Bud.
Bud looked behind him to see what she was smiling at. At the sight of the empty coffin, his bowels turned cold.
“It’s easy,” Gabby said to Trevor. “No mess, no fuss. We put the cop in, he suffocates, so what? He has a heart attack, who cares? He dies, we cut him for parts, add to the inventory, and re-use the coffin.”
Feeling faint with fear, Bud blurted out, “I had two heart attacks! I got a bum liver! I’m an alcoholic! I got nothing worth selling.”
Gabby gazed at him, thoughtful. “You got eyes.” Bud gulped.
Gabby said, “They pay top dollar for white people’s eyes.”
“My partner knows I’m here!” Bud said, hoping they would buy the lie. Gabby raised her eyebrows. “Does he have nice eyes?”
Trevor giggled, then clapped a hand over his mouth. He glanced at Gabby, embarrassed.
Gabby said to Bud, “No referral fee for your friend, but I thank you in advance for sending a fresh specimen our way.”
“You can’t kill me,” Bud gasped out. “I’m old, worthless. I’m a cop!” Trevor glanced at Gabby, unsure.
“We’re not going to kill you,” Gabby said, her voice edged with eerie calmness. Bud felt a quiver of hope go through him.
Trevor shot Gabby an incredulous look. “We can’t let him go!”
Tilting her head, Gabby said to Bud, “Did you ever wonder how, during Medieval times, the Catholic Church was able to talk all that horse-shit about “thou shalt not kill” on Sunday and then, on Monday, they turn around and boil them in oil, or burn them up like roasted chickens on a spit, or, my personal favorite—pull out their guts like unwinding string and then burn their guts in front of their eyes while still alive? Ever wonder how the Church got away with all that torture—and how everyone could all still be good Catholics and go to heaven?” Bud stared at her, blankly.
“Thou shalt not kill,” Gabby said with a smile. “It was a pickle of a problem—squaring all that torture with that one pesky commandment—thou shalt not kill. Pope Innocent the Fourth—that sly fox added torture and burning to the Church’s official to-do list. It was genius! Mister Innocent said torture is not murder—and it isn’t. Torturing the flesh is only doing things to heretics and dissenters that just happen to eventually cause them to die.”
Bud watched Gabby with growing horror.
Her voice pleasant, Gabby said, “We’re not going to kill you. We are simply going to put you in that coffin. It’s true, your heart might kill you. Or, putting you inside the cremation oven might kill you. But, we won’t kill you.”
Bud’s legs buckled and he landed on the floor with a thud. His mind reeled with a horror too huge to grasp. After all his lion days, he, Bud Orlean, would go out like a lamb to the slaughter—with a whimper.
From the floor, Bud was dimly aware of Gabby reaching out to caress Trevor’s cheek as she murmured, “Darling, we’re not murderers. Besides, we have better things to do, hmmm?” Trevor grabbed Gabby’s hand and pressed her palm to his lips. “Ma cherie!”
Gabby allowed Trevor kiss her hand a moment longer before she pulled it away. Gabby turned back to Bud and eyed him thoughtfully. “We bury the cop in Steadman’s plot.”
Trevor said, “What about Steadman?” Gabby said, “Who cares about Steadman?”
Trevor hesitated and then said, “Steadman—he’s my cousin’s husband and I promised—” “Jesus, Trevor!” Gabby said with flashing eyes. “Carla will never know. She’s dumber than a box of rocks! And I know that Steadman is past caring.”
Trevor said, “But I promised Carla that Steadman would get a proper burial—”
Gabby sighed, irritated. “Okay, so cremate Steadman. That’ll be proper enough for Carla.
Hell, she cheated on him twice with that ex-con, so why the hell is she suddenly so concerned about proper?”
Trevor pointed at Bud. “Why don’t we just cremate him? We can put Steadman in the coffin and have the funeral like we planned. And the cop—we cut him up for parts and cremate what’s left.”
Gabby shook her head. “Nope. Cop in the box. Then we cremate whatever parts we can’t sell.” Gabby turned to Bud and said, “How are your balls? They’re doing ball transplants now.
Twenty-thousand a pop.”
Bud drew his knees in protectively, feeling light-headed with nausea. Bud thought in amazement that Trevor and Gabby had done the unthinkable—they had made a slow death of heart disease sound downright pleasant.
As Gabby and Trevor discussed Bud’s fate, Bud couldn’t help but think—
No one will ever know what happened to me.
Bud’s thoughts raced faster than even his pounding heart, and his ragged breath felt like it was being ripped in and out of his lungs. Bud’s thoughts turned to his son, Chip, and he saw it all—just like he’d seen it so many times before when dealing with the loved ones of a missing person.
At first, Chip would hold on to the useless hope that Bud was alive and then, after years of dead-ends and no answers, Chip would slowly come to grips with the fact that his father had to be dead. And then would come the worst—not knowing. Chip would suffer through that very specific pain of just wanting to know the truth, no matter how bad the truth was—so that he could get closure, which was the final solace of the truly desperate.
They’ll never find me.
A deep chasm of pain opened up within Bud as he thought of his son. The pain was worse than anything he could feel for himself. He’d rather have them take out his eyes and testicles right now—if it would somehow make it so that Chip would not be forever haunted by his father’s disappearance.
Did I ever tell Chip how proud I am of him?
Bud hungrily searched through his memory, trying to recall his last words to Chip, but all he came up with were dull words of trivial conversation. Bud’s cheeks were wet with tears as Trevor forced him, at gunpoint, to climb into Steadman’s casket, which was slippery with white satin.
The last thing Bud saw as Trevor closed the lid on him was Gabby’s eyes. Her eyes were locked on his. There was something in them, but he couldn’t read them and he was beyond caring.
As the lid closed, Bud’s arms shot out and he slammed his palms upward, which caused the lid to fly open. Thinking only of Chip, Bud struggled forward until he was half out of the coffin. He saw a flash of Trevor’s arm and pain split his skull and he felt himself slip downward into a helpless stupor.
Barely conscious, Bud’s mind and body felt too heavy to move as the lid came downward. For a moment, there was only a sliver of light shining like a thin thread along the length of the casket, but, with the sound of the latch locking, that disappeared and Bud was left in utter darkness.
Bud heard someone screaming and sobbing, and it took him a long time to realize that it was him.

Chapter 22
A doctor is only a doctor when he has killed one or two patients. Indian Proverb
Enid’s screams echoed and were quickly lost inside the rattling truck.
Dropping the Marilyn Monroe lighter, Enid clawed at the ghoul’s face that hung upside-down and directly in front of her own face. The ghoul’s eyes bulged outward with the cold, vacuous look of a dead fish. White foam oozed from his slack mouth. The foam left a crust, showing it had pooled in and then overflowed the wide nostrils before trailing down the forehead and into the spiked hair, leaving it matted and filthy.
Enid saw all this in a split second. In the next moment, she shoved the ghoul’s head aside and hurtled herself into the darkness. She flew down the length of the truck and only came to a stop when she slammed into the far wall, where she landed in a trembling heap.
For a long time, she remained in the same spot, too scared to move—or think. Slowly, a hard-knuckled sense fought its way back into her brain and, with effort, she forced herself to think.
It’s not a monster—it’s a man.
She repeated this phrase over and over. First, mouthing the words, then whispering, then speaking it aloud. “It’s a man. It’s a man. It’s only a man.”
She said it again and again—until she was able to believe it. When her mind finally took hold of the words, a certain calmness followed. The man was not a ghoul or zombie. He was one of the patients from the hospital—like Mrs. Rivera. Enid reasoned that the man’s body must have loosened from its straps, causing his head to hang over the edge of the bed. And his head had been hanging directly in front of her face when she had flicked on the Marilyn Monroe lighter.
Enid wrapped her arms tightly around herself in an attempt to stop the trembling that rational thought hadn’t been able to quell. Of course, the man wasn’t quite like Mrs. Rivera—
He’s dead.
Enid remained where she was as the truck travelled for at least another two hours on the highway. Finally, the truck got off the highway and onto slower roads with more stops. It was another ten minutes before the truck’s brakes squealed and Enid jolted forward as the truck slowed to a mere crawl. Holding on to the floor of the truck, Enid heard a man’s voice calling out what sounded like muffled instructions for the truck driver to back up.
She was too scared to feel relieved. They were at their destination—wherever that was.
Enid got to her feet and felt her way to Mrs. Rivera’s gurney. Before she crawled into the cramped space, Enid awkwardly patted Mrs. Rivera on what she hoped was her shoulder and said, “Don’t worry, Mrs. Rivera, we’re going to get out of this. Everything is going to be okay.”
Hoping that what she said was true, Enid crawled into the cramped space, making sure that the sheet hung down enough to keep her hidden from view.
The truck’s engine went dead and, within moments, the back door of the truck was unlocked and hoisted open to the sound of rattling chains. Heavy boots stomped onto the truck and, with a thudding heart, Enid listened as two men began unstrapping beds from the wall and rolling them off the truck.
A man with a gravelly voice exclaimed, “Fuck me! Another toe-tagger.”
Another man gave a short laugh, “Well, if you had a fucking a.c. that worked—”
The man with the gravelly voice said, “Keep your mouth shut, if you know what’s good for you.”
“Doc’s gonna skin you alive—”
Gravel voice said, “That bastard would skin his own mother for a dime.”
The answering grunt was drowned out by a gurney rolling down the rattling metal ramp.
Within minutes, Enid was gripping the underside of the bed as one of the men unstrapped her gurney from the wall. The sheet puffed out and Enid caught a glimpse of the man’s dirty jeans as he pushed the bed roughly down the length of the truck and even more roughly down the ramp. The gurney hit one final bump before it landed on smooth concrete.
A blast of cold air hit Enid, which confused her. It felt like they were entering a freezer.
Frowning, Enid listened and was surprised to hear the distinct sounds of an echo that belonging to a large, commercial space—like a warehouse. Enid peeked out from beneath the fluttering sheet and saw a dark-stained concrete floor flashing past.
Enid felt vaguely reassured, even as she felt a prickle of fear. If they were in a warehouse, then there would be places to hide and, more importantly, there would be exits. Still, a nagging fear worked at her —
What they heck are they bringing all these patients to a warehouse for?
The gurney went over a bump and, even from under the bed, Enid could tell that they had entered a smaller and much brighter room. It sounded different.
“Here ya go,” the man with the gravelly voice said.
“Thanks, Hank,” a woman said.
The man’s footsteps receded and the woman called out, “Hurry up, Roberta. You know how he loves to wait.”
“Don’t tell me how to do my job, Nan,” Roberta said.
Enid listened as, grunting, they hoisted Mrs. Rivera from atop the gurney and onto some other surface. They maneuvered Enid’s gurney, now empty of Mrs. Rivera, until it bumped against the wall, out of their way.
Enid cautiously peeked out. To her astonishment, she saw that they were in an operating room. Bright lights shone down on Mrs. Rivera, who lay unmoving on the operating table.
Nan and Roberta moved around her, expertly strapping her down so that Mrs. Rivera’s arms were stretched out like Jesus on the cross.
Enid watched, fascinated.
Nan was as straight-down skinny as a number-two pencil, and Roberta was as plump as a Krispy-Kreme donut. Both were hidden under operating room gowns, masks and caps that hid everything but their eyes and their disparate shapes.
After they had strapped down Mrs. Rivera, Roberta guided a tube apparatus down the unconscious woman’s throat and, once in place, she taped the tubing across her face. Turning, Roberta hit a series of buttons on a beeping machine. Nan had cut off Mrs. Rivera’s disheveled hospital gown and was slopping a dark red solution onto Mrs. Rivera’s torso. When this was done, Roberta and Nan worked together to drape a large blue sheet over Mrs. Rivera, so that everything but her torso was covered.
A man, powerfully built, strode into the room.
“Doctor!” Roberta said, practically snapping to attention. The doctor shot her a glance, but didn’t answer.
Enid shrank back into her hiding place with a suppressed shudder. Under his bushy eyebrows, the doctor’s eyes looked colder than frozen sludge.
Nan scurried toward the doctor, holding out a blue gown that he shoved his arms into. He stood ramrod-straight as she skittered around him, tying his gown for him. The doctor held out his hands, palms up, and Nan snapped on his gloves.
“Doctor,” Roberta said, checking the beeping machine. “Her body temperature is up— 101, and her O2 is—”
The doctor placed the back of one hand on her sterilized belly. “She’s too hot!” he said, his voice cracking like a whip.
Nan said, “They just brought her in—not ten minutes ago.”
The doctor said, “Martha, go check the trucks. If they’re not air-conditioned, I’m going to put those bastards on the chopping block!”
From outside her line of vision, Enid heard the sounds of feet hitting the floor, like the woman had hopped off a stool. There was the sound of a sliding door as the unseen Martha left the room.
The doctor said to Roberta, “We’re running out of time. Is she ready?”
Roberta said, “Yes, doctor.”
The doctor took his place over Mrs. Rivera, his back toward Enid. “Saw,” the doctor said, holding out a gloved hand.
Nan snapped an ten-inch electric saw into the doctor’s outstretched hand. Enid caught a glimpse of a circular blade that looked as big as her fist. Enid cringed as the blade came to life with a malevolent buzz.
Feeling nauseous, Enid squeezed her eyes shut at the sound of the metal saw cutting into flesh—and then bone. For one crazy moment, Enid felt panicked and almost flung herself out from her hiding place with the intention of jumping on the doctor’s back, but the loud, terrible, cracking sounds of Mrs. Rivera’s ribcage being forced apart reverberated through her and she was unable to move.
Vomit surged up to the back of her throat and Enid forced herself to swallow it back down. A voice inside her screamed that she needed to jump out and save Mrs. Rivera, but another voice whispered that her life depended on her staying still and quiet. Despising herself, Enid heeded the second voice.
There was the sound of the sliding doors opening and Martha came within view. Martha was a strongly built woman in her mid-30s who walked with a limp.
Breathless, Martha said, “It’s an 18-wheeler. No air conditioning.” “Those bastards!” the doctor exploded, “I’m going to—”
The beeping machine came alive with shrill alarms. Roberta turned her attention to the monitors. “We’re losing her, doctor!”
“Keep her alive,” the doctor said. “I need ten more minutes.”
From her hiding place, Enid watched as the doctor’s shoulders rose and fell like pistons. Too soon, the doctor was lifting something out of Mrs. Rivera. Enid winced, surprised to hear a sucking sound. It sounded like someone pulling their foot out of a swamp bog—only louder.
The doctor pivoted in Enid’s direction. His gloves, the front of his gown and most of his sleeves were slick with blood. With the care that a mother would use with her newborn baby, the doctor lovingly deposited a large, bloody thing in a waiting metal container. It looked like a reddish-brown, rubbery, three-pound piece of meat.
Enid stared at the thing in horror. Instinctively, she knew what it was. Her mother, particularly after a bender, had complained about “old man liver” enough times that Enid had Googled it. She recalled the beautifully sketched anatomical depictions of the strangely blank-faced men and women staring back at her from the computer screen. The tidy sketches of a liver now contrasted sharply with the reality of the bloody glob of meat that the doctor had taken out of Mrs. Rivera.
The doctor gestured toward Mrs. Rivera. “I need to get the kidneys before—”
Without warning, Mrs. Rivera came to life, thrashing so violently that the operating table rocked from side to side.
The doctor said, “What the—!”
One of Mrs. Rivera’s arms broke free of its restraint. Wildly, she reached up, grasping at the tube that was taped to her face. She yanked at it and began pulling it from her mouth.
The room was in a tumult as the doctor yelled orders, and Roberta struggled to inject medication into Mrs. Rivera’s i.v. line. Within moments, Mrs. Rivera’s hand paused, faltered and then, like a striking snake, she reached out, clawing at the doctor.
The doctor jumped back, knocking into the table which held the metal pan with the liver, which sent it careening towards Enid’s hiding place.
The doctor yelled, “Get it!”
Nan darted toward the rolling table. As she reached out to stop it, she stumbled and sent the table crashing.
From her hiding place, Enid saw the bloody liver flying through the air. As if in slow motion, the thing made a perfect arc—a perfect arc with an end point of—
Me!
Too late, Enid realized that she had moved the sheet aside so far that her face could be clearly seen by everyone in the room. She got a glimpse of the doctor’s startled face and, reflexively, Enid’s hand shot out and she punched the liver away from her. As her fist made contact with the liver, there was a sickeningly soft squooge sound. Her punch propelled the liver to the left of her hiding place. The liver landed on the floor and then slid, leaving a trail of blood in its wake, until it came to a stop with a soft thud against the far wall.
Enid’s eyes snapped to the doctor and, their eyes locking, she understood everything she needed to know.
Move—or die.
Enid hurled herself from her hiding place and scrambled for the door. “Get her!” The doctor yelled.
Martha, who was blocking the closed sliding doors, stood frozen in shock.
Determined to get out the door, Enid hurled herself at Martha, who was too stunned to do anything more than try to evade Enid’s flying fists.
Swinging crazily, Enid’s fist missed its mark and grazed Martha’s neck, but her second punch found a home as it slammed into Martha’s face.
The force of Enid’s punch sent Martha’s head bouncing off the door and she slumped to the floor in a stupor.
Enid threw herself at the closed doors. She shoved her fingers into the minuscule space between the leading edges of the sliding doors, desperately trying to pry them apart.
A powerful hand clamped down on Enid’s right shoulder and she felt herself being hurtled backwards into the room. Enid hit the floor so hard that it knocked the air out of her. Momentarily stunned, Enid looked up and saw the doctor coming after her.
Enid rolled to the left, narrowly avoiding the doctor’s grasp. On all fours, she scurried to the opposite side of the operating table. Enid jumped to her feet and gripped the edge of the operating table, which still held Mrs. Rivera, who now lay as still as death. It was now the only barrier between herself and the advancing doctor. Enid grabbed the nearest object, which was a pan filled with betadine, and she hurled it into the doctor’s face.
Howling obscenities, the doctor retreated, wiping the red liquid from his face with his sleeve, which was heavily stained with blood and only added more red streaks across his distorted, rage-filled face.
Using the operating table as her barrier, Enid tried to push it forward, but found that it was locked in place. Remembering how Zip had unlocked the gurney, Enid glanced down and found the locking mechanism. She stomped on it, which released the operating table.
Enid looked up in time to see Roberta and Nan, who had been behind the doctor, coming at her.
Enid gripped the table and shoved it as hard as she could at the two women. The operating table, with Mrs. Rivera still onboard, caught Roberta and Nan in their guts. Enid, grunting with exertion, drove the table forward until she got the two women pinned against the wall.
Roberta’s eyes bulged as she struggled to push the table away. Nan, who was skinnier, tried to wriggle downward so she could break free of the trap.
Looking around for something she could use as a weapon, Enid caught a glimpse of the gaping hole of blood and exposed rib cage where Mrs. Rivera’s liver had been. At the sight of what they had done to Mrs. Rivera, a blinding fury erupted in Enid.
With a primal scream, Enid shoved the table into the two women’s guts as hard as she could—over and over again. Tears of fury blinded Enid and she barely registered that she was screaming something unintelligible.
Roberta crumpled over in a faint, her face landing with a splunk in Mrs. Rivera’s gaping wound. Nan slid down the wall, her eyes rolled back in her head.
Enid gave the table one last shove and spun around. The doctor had the liver in his hands and was carefully returning it to the metal container.
Feeling her opportunity, Enid ran toward the closed doors. She was about to dart past him when he spun around, blocking her path.
Enid reeled backwards, barely avoiding his outstretched and grasping hands.
His eyes glittering with hatred, the doctor grabbed two scalpels, grasping one in each hand. The corners of his lips snarled upward into a hideous smile of triumph.
Desperate, Enid glanced around, looking for something—anything. Her eyes fell on a table laden with surgical instruments and she dove for it.
At the same moment, the doctor lunged at her. He slashed downward with his right hand that held one of the scalpels.
Jerking to the left, Enid barely avoided the blade slicing across her cheek.
Enid grabbed the table full of surgical equipment and swung it toward the doctor. Thirty surgical instruments flew at the doctor, pelting him in the torso and face, but they all fell harmlessly to the floor with a clatter.
Enid got behind the table that was now devoid of all surgical instruments and she maneuvered it so that it remained between them. With every lunge he made at her, Enid jabbed the table at him, which kept his slashing scalpels at bay.
Eyes locked, Enid and the doctor circled, each watching and judging every movement.
Slowly and methodically, the doctor was driving her backwards, deeper into the room—and farther from the door.
From the corner of her eye, Enid could see Nan limping to the door, which she opened and weakly called for help.
Enid realized her mistake. She had tried to pry the doors open, but Nan had pushed a flat pad on the wall, which triggered the doors to open.
At that moment, Enid spotted the electric saw that the doctor had used to open Mrs. Rivera’s chest. Enid shoved the table forward so forcefully that she was able to momentarily disconcert the doctor.
Enid lunged forward and grabbed the saw. Pressing the trigger, the dangerous buzz of the saw came to life.
The doctor stopped, his eyes widening with fear.
Enid jabbed the saw at him and a thin spray of blood spit across his face.
The doctor retreated and it was Enid’s turn to grin triumphantly. She brandished the saw at him as she headed toward the doors. Nan, who had stood in the open doorway calling for help, was gone. Heart pounding with excitement, Enid knew that she was moments from escaping.
At that moment, the circular saw jerked Enid to a stop. She pulled at it and, too late, realized that it was plugged in and that she had ripped it from its socket.
The circular saw went dead.
Enid was close enough to see the doctor’s eyes light up with malicious triumph. He lunged at her, his scalpel slashing down on her.
Enid ducked, barely escaping the blade.
The doctor was momentarily caught off balance and Enid took advantage of the moment. She slammed the saw upward and caught him under the chin. The force of the impact sent a burst of pain up her arm and into her shoulder, but it also sent the doctor reeling backwards, his feet slipping and skidding into the pile of fallen surgical equipment.
Enid didn’t wait to see where he landed—she was already bounding toward the door. Roberta jumped in front of her in a desperate attempt to stop her from reaching the door. Enid grabbed the closest object, which was a laptop computer, and swung it at Roberta’s face.
Roberta flung up her right arm, but not fast enough. Something cracked.
Enid wasn’t sure if it was the laptop or Roberta’s face—and she didn’t stop to find out.
She ran out the doors and into a cavernous warehouse that was as cold as an icebox. Enid glanced backwards to make sure no one was pursuing her and she slammed into something. The force of the collision sent her sprawling backward, arms and legs flailing. From the cold concrete floor, she looked up, gasping at the sight that met her eyes.
A headless, skinless cow carcass hung from a hook. Behind the giant slab of meat that used to be a cow, hung rows and rows of other cow carcasses. They were lined up, like soldiers— more than could be counted. With horror, Enid realized that they were in a slaughterhouse.
Behind her, she could hear the doctor yelling and footsteps coming after her. Enid scrambled to her feet and began to run. Raw and bloody cow carcasses flashed past her as she ran up one of the long rows. From her many hours of playing dodgeball, Enid knew that running in a straight line was not a good plan, so she shoved her way between two cows and began to cut a new path diagonally through the rows.
If I can find a wall, I can find a door.
Above her, a long row of industrial lights went dark. Pausing, she glanced upward and another row of lights went dark. Rows of lights stretched in either direction and she felt a flicker of relief, then fear. Dark was good for hiding, but it would also leave her completely lost.
Enid stood still, standing on tiptoe and craning her neck to look in every direction, knowing that she needed to get her bearings, but there wasn’t enough tiptoe in her tiny frame to look above the rows of cows. As the lights continued to be switched off, she saw a faint red glow coming from far ahead. Hoping it was an emergency light for an exit, Enid headed in that direction.
Enid wasn’t even half way to the red glow when the last light was shut off, leaving her in darkness. She stopped, her throat burning from the cold air. Tentatively, she reached out and her fingertips brushed against one of the carcasses. Feeling her way from carcass to carcass, she moved forward—toward the red light, which was now brighter.
A sudden, horrible thought made her stop.
What if there were guards at the exits?
She shook her head. She couldn’t worry about that right now. If she was going to find a door, she had to find a wall.
Enid moved forward, making faster progress as her pupils adjusted to the dark.
From behind her, a single light came on, throwing ominous shadows that seemed to reach out for her. Still hidden in the darkness, she got on her hands and knees and looked below the rows of cows. In the distance, she could see the bottom third of an illuminated door. It was the sliding doors she had just escaped from and the bottom part of the doctor’s legs were silhouetted in the doorway.
Enid shrank back, knowing that if she could see his legs then, with a bright enough light, they would be able to find her legs. She stood up, hurrying toward the glowing red light that she prayed was an unguarded and unlocked emergency exit.
Thinking about the doctor, Enid’s hand crept to her liver. If he caught her, Enid had no doubts that she would end up with a gaping hole—right about…
Here.

Chapter 23
Inside of me there are two dogs. One is mean and evil and the other is good, and they fight each other all the time. When asked which one wins, I answer, the one I feed the most. Sitting Bull
Jack’s left cheek stung with the slap that Melody had whipped across his face with startling ferocity. After Jack had asked Melody to be his date at his wedding, which he had planned as a lead-in, a way to explain his current predicament involving the whole blackmail-wedding thing, he had even been hoping to score some brownie points with the whole save-the-baby thing, but the last thing that Jack had expected was that Melody would haul off and slap him, but, too late, he realized…
I’m an idiot.
That morning, Jack had woken up, not so much surprised that he had been stupid enough to have sex with Enid’s school counselor, but more surprised that there was something about Melody that set him at ease. He had had the sudden and irrational desire to have Melody with him at his wedding. Everything about the wedding felt wrong, but Melody being by his side—that felt weirdly right. Before he could think better of it, he had asked her to be his date, but he had asked her so flippantly that he had inadvertently turned it into a joke—and an insult.
In a flash—that corresponded with the palm of her right hand striking his left cheek— Jack saw his mistake.
Jack had tried to explain, but Melody had grabbed her clothes, dressed and stormed out of his apartment—all while delivering a barrage of scathing words that he had been unable to interrupt—or even put a dent in.
After Melody had left, Jack had stood in the living room, listening to the person who lived below him pounding on the ceiling. Jack had retreated to the kitchen as vague feelings of shame and self-hatred sifted through him.
Why couldn’t I just have explained it to Melody, instead of making a joke out of it?
Jack poured himself a cup of coffee and sat at the kitchen table to think. Melody didn’t know it—probably couldn’t imagine it, but Jack had been sincere when he had asked her to be his date at his wedding. For the first time in a long time, Jack had wanted—needed—someone to stand by his side.
Jack could count on one hand the number of people he had been fool enough to need.
And for each person that he had learned to need, Jack still harbored deep wounds.
Jack had needed his mother, and she had gone to a store, bought rope and, with the help of a chair and a hangman’s knot, she’d deserted him. Jack had needed his father and his father had hid Jack and his mother from the world like they were rotting garbage. His father had deserted them to be with a family more worthy of his love—and his last name. Even his grandmother, kind and comforting as a soft, summer day, even she had deserted him as she slipped away into the greedy arms of death.
The last person Jack could remember needing was his stepbrother, Sam. After his grandmother’s death, Jack’s father had reluctantly taken Jack into his home, where Jack had then become a constant reminder to his new stepmother of her husband’s infidelity. When Jack’s stepmother had ripped the long, hard plastic wand off of the venetian shade and beat him bloody, it was Sam who had charged into the room and made her stop. For the next two years, Sam had protected Jack from his own mother. Jack remembered her cold blue eyes following his every move, but she had never dared to touch him again.
When Sam left for college, Jack had packed up and left the house. They were both 18, but Jack wasn’t going to college. There was money for Sam, but not Jack. For the next twelve years, Jack had made sure not to need anyone. There were lots of people in his life—especially women—but Jack had learned the hard way that the cost of letting people too close would leave him with an emotional bill that he didn’t want to pay.
When Jack was 30, he had met Stella Monroe. In the first three months of their marriage, Jack had almost learned to need Stella, but a dangerous thing, dark and mysterious, even to himself, had lived deep within him and, feeling the danger, it had uncoiled, risen up and taken control.
Jack had helplessly watched the It within him carve Stella out of his life like she was a malignancy.
Stella hadn’t gone quietly. She never did anything quietly. Stella had been born into life screaming, and she would be banging the drums on the way out. She had exited Jack’s life with a bang that left him bank-broke, heart-bruised and too angry to see that it was the It within him that had driven her away.
Stella gone, the dark and dangerous thing within him had subsided, slipping down like a monster into his depths. Jack had found solace by returning to his old habits of too much work and too many women. His life reverted to the status quo and, if life seemed not good, Jack was able to deem it good enough.
Life had gone on. Cases. Women. More cases. More women.
Then Enid. She had come into his life like a lightning bolt to his skull. Enid was the product of a drunken one-night stand with a woman he could barely remember. That was bad enough, but then Eve Hargrove had come into his life with the force of a tsunami. Everything that had previously seemed “good enough” in Jack’s life had suddenly became colorless and flavorless. Jack had never come close to needing Eve, but he sure as hell had wanted her. At first, his feelings had blinded him to her real nature, but when he had gotten to the truth, his love couldn’t keep him blind any longer. She was a murderer, and it was Jack who made sure that she was no longer free.
Jack knew he wasn’t falling for Melody. He sure as hell didn’t need Melody, but he did like the way she said things, simple and direct. He liked the way she moved, more confident of a beauty and charm that she assumed she had, but didn’t. He didn’t mind that she had slapped him—she was a woman and he had it coming. And yeah, she was crazy enough to push her ex-boyfriend under his moving fender, but maybe, just maybe, Melody would be the perfect woman to stand by his side—at his wedding.
Jack didn’t know how to describe the feeling that he had had with Melody the night before. He wracked his brain for the right word, but it stayed maddeningly out of reach. He didn’t know what the word was, but he knew that it couldn’t be “safe.” That would be ridiculous.
When Jack had asked Melody to be his date, it had felt important, but he had stupidly turned it into a joke. It was his lame attempt to play it off like it wasn’t important. He’d been ashamed that he wanted her help. Jack tried to ignore a darker reason for why he wanted Melody with him, but he couldn’t.
I want to hurt Eve.
Jack didn’t harbor any illusions that Eve loved him, but showing up at the wedding with another woman might deliver a welterweight punch to her pride. Hurting Eve might alleviate some of his hurt. It would also let Eve know that Jack wasn’t going to play by her rules. It would be his way to show Eve that she couldn’t control him.
Instead of that happening, all that he had accomplished was that he had hurt Melody.
Jack finished off the last of his coffee. He decided that he would give Melody time to calm down and then he would call her so that he could explain—and apologize. With a wry smile, Jack mused that for someone whose career was based on solving mysteries, the biggest mystery in his life was why he constantly sabotaged himself—and his relationships.
Jack thought about the night before and wasn’t sure why he had pushed Layla so far. He hadn’t intended to do anything of the sort. He’d gone there to get Layla to help him translate the Russian contacts in Katya’s phone. She’d insulted him, yes, but what did that matter? It hadn’t mattered until she’d stumbled onto the one insult that he couldn’t shrug off—his mother’s death.
Even after that, Jack knew that he could have turned and walked away, but instead he choose to push her—why? Had he been looking for clues into her character? Was he trying to figure out what her feelings were for her missing sister?
Or am I just a dick?
Jack scowled, wishing that he could wave a magic wand and make everything right— including himself. Jack walked down the hallway and stood in the doorway to Enid’s bedroom. He gazed into the empty room, wondering why Melody had thought to get up in the middle of the night and check on Enid when it had never occurred to him.
Why didn’t she tell me Enid was gone?
In a million years, he would never understand the logic of women.
With a sigh, Jack pulled out his cell phone and called Enid. There was no answer, so he left a message for her to call him back.
Jack walked to his bathroom, turned the shower on hot, and stripped down. He stood naked, his hand extended into the stream of water. When the water was hot enough, he climbed in, enjoying the feel of the pulsating water against his skin. He soaped up and washed off the last of Melody’s perfume, which was something different from the Obsession that she had smelled of in the Principal’s office. This scent was fresh and not too girly and he liked that she no longer smelled like his ex, Stella. He would call Melody—maybe later that day. He didn’t want to wait till tomorrow.
Within the hour, Jack was walking up the front steps of Maricopa County Hospital. He was determined to get some work done, but he couldn’t silence the annoying voice within him that was always reminding him of something he needed to do—or had failed to do—with Enid. Irritated, he checked his cell phone and saw that Enid hadn’t called back yet.
On the drive to the hospital, Jack had phoned Enid’s school and, in response to his inquiries, the school secretary had informed Jack that Enid had been marked absent.
The secretary had said, “You don’t know where your daughter is?”
“Enid is at her grandmother’s house,” Jack lied. “I wanted to make sure that Enid didn’t try to come to school. She’s too contagious.”
Jack’s answer had pacified the secretary and even earned him a “thank you” for his consideration. Jack requested that if Enid did show up at school that the secretary call him so he could pick her up, and the secretary agreed.
Jack thanked her and ended the call.
He now hesitated, feeling guilty about the lie. What if Enid needed him? What if he really should be out looking for Enid?
Jack recalled the fit that Enid had pitched the night before and decided that she was probably out for revenge. Enid wanted to ruin his day by making him worry and proving that she was in charge. Enid was probably at a friend’s house watching movies, eating junk food and laughing at how she was going to teach her old man a lesson.
Jack saw the scene so perfectly that, with an angry shrug, he walked up the stairs and through the front doors of the hospital and put Enid out of his head.
Before he had left the apartment that morning, a quick internet search had pulled up information and photographs of Katya’s husband, Dr. Peter Charkov. He was a general surgeon and the head of the trauma unit at the Maricopa County Hospital. He was also the same man that Katya had her cheek pressed against on her cell phone’s screen-saver photo.
Jack signed in at the front desk. He checked the directory and took the elevator to the third floor. Once off the elevator, Jack found another directory and followed directions to Dr. Charkov’s office.
Jack walked into a small reception area where a secretary sat at her desk typing. Her nameplate said “Raina” and she glanced up with a polite smile.
Raina was in her early 30s and pretty in a single-hot-mom kind of way that gave Jack the distinct impression she had already pushed out a couple of kids by a couple of different guys, but she was still in the race as she kept herself up with gym work, plastic surgery and Ex-lax—at least until she found a new someday-ex. Behind the pretty brown eyes was a shade of cold calculation that Jack recognized all too well from the plethora of not-so-young-anymore moms looking for a bankroll. Jack wondered if anyone had told her that she was on the wrong side of town.
“Good morning,” Raina said, her eyes flicking over his bruised neck with obvious curiosity. “How can I help you?”
Jack was almost surprised when Raina spoke with a slight Russian accent. “I’m here to see Dr. Charkov.”
Frowning, Raina checked the computer. “Do you have an appointment?” “Is he in?” Jack nodding at the closed door behind her.
“Do you need an appointment?” Raina said, peeling her eyes away from the computer that had confirmed that Jack did not have an appointment. “He has one later today—at 3:30. What is your insurance?”
Jack hesitated and then said, “Tell Dr. Charkov that it’s regarding—Dmitri Derzhavin.” Before Raina could open her mouth to speak, the door behind her opened.
Dr. Charkov stood in the doorway. He was a large man, at least six-foot-four, with broad, well muscled shoulders. His thick lips pulled across his face in an expression that was a toss-up between a strained smile and a scowl. His salt-and-pepper hair was slicked back and he had steel-grey eyes and a face that a kind woman might call rugged. A less than kind woman would say he was ugly. Despite this, his powerful gaze and ramrod posture gave him a distinct type of handsomeness derived from self-assured confidence—if not downright arrogance.
Dr. Charkov gestured Jack into his office and said to Raina, “Hold my calls.” “Yes, sir,” Raina said, surprised.
Jack entered Dr. Charkov’s office, which was lousy with oversized mahogany furniture and ornately framed pictures of sailing ships. It was a startling contrast to the utilitarian décor of the reception room.
Dr. Charkov took a seat behind his massive desk. He leaned back in his chair, eyeing Jack and his bruised neck suspiciously. He remained silent, waiting for Jack to speak.
Jack sat down in a chair facing the desk and also remained silent. An idea had jumped into Jack’s head and, it would be a gamble, but he decided to play it—for better or worse.
Charkov remained silent for so long that Jack felt the tension mount to the point of crackling, but Jack was determined not to speak first.
Charkov snapped, “Who are you?”
Jack smiled lazily and said, “Dmitri didn’t tell you I was coming?”
Charkov stared at him, his thick eyebrows crowding downward, until his grey eyes were mere slits in his face. “I don’t have time for games.”
Jack stood and shrugged nonchalantly. “My apologies. Dmitri said that you would expect me. I’m actually the one who doesn’t have time for games.” Jack walked to the door and his hand was on the knob when Charkov called out to him.
“Stop.” Jack turned.
Charkov grudgingly gestured for him to sit. Taking his sweet time, Jack returned to the seat. Charkov said, “You’re not Russian.”
“No,” Jack said.
Charkov hesitated and then said, more politely, “What can I do for you?” “Marina Orlov,” Jack said.
Charkov’s lips tightened.
Jack waited. The growing silence between them felt like a coiled wire stretched dangerously taut. Jack forced himself to remain silent and still. His only hope for gaining information was to keep the upper hand.
Finally, Charkov leaned back in his chair and pressed all five fingertips together. “Well?”
Face like a stone, Jack said, “Dmitri wants her back.” Charkov paled, sat up straight. “That’s impossible!” “Shall I tell Dmitri or—shall you?” Jack said.
“What is your name?” Charkov demanded, his face pale. “You are not Russian.”
“I’m here on Dmitri’s behalf, Dr. Charkov. You don’t need to know my name. All you need to know is that Dmitri wants Marina back. Pronto.”
“Pronto?” Charkov said, incredulous.
Jack stood and said, “Dmitri demands discretion. Marina flies back to Moscow on the next flight out of Phoenix. That is all.”
Jack turned to leave. Before Jack could reach the door, Charkov, with surprising speed, had thrust himself between Jack and the door.
Charkov’s bulk forced Jack to step backwards and, for the first time, Jack fully realized Charkov’s strength. Charkov towered over Jack like a monolith of muscles—and bad breath.
Jack forced himself to hold his ground and withstand the dragon’s breath without flinching. He glared up at Charkov with matching arrogance even as he felt a flicker of something akin to fear. Jack was six-foot-two and had enough muscles to remain respectable at the gym, but Charkov looked like the kind of tough that would make even the psycho-strangling-warden brown-up his skivvies. It flashed through Jack’s mind that if he ever met Charkov in a dark alley it might be worth his while to reconsider his stance on not carrying a handgun—or a bazooka.
Charkov said, “It’s impossible, I tell you. Marina is—”
Something of what Jack was thinking must have flickered in Jack’s eyes because Charkov abruptly stopped talking. With a sinking heart, Jack watched as Charkov’s previous alarm was replaced with an icy, calm politeness.
“Of course,” Charkov said, “Marina goes back.”
Knowing that he had blown it, Jack impelled himself forward. If it killed him, he was going to try to get back the upper hand. “The next flight to Moscow,” Jack said, grimly, “Dmitri will expect Marina to be on it.”
With a curt nod, Charkov stepped out of Jack’s way. “Certainly.”
Jack could hear it in Charkov’s voice. Jack’s cover was blown and they both knew it. Jack pulled out a mini spiral notebook and pen from his pocket. He wrote down a phone number, ripped off the paper and held it out with two fingers.
Charkov took it as an arrogant smile curved around his lips.
Jack said, “Call to confirm the flight number and time. Make no mistake, Dmitri wants Marina back.”
“Why?” Charkov said with a scornful sneer.
Jack didn’t hesitate as he said, “You could say—it’s personal.”
Charkov cocked his head. “Marina was sent here as a bride—to be married off. Why would Dmitri have a personal interest in a woman he sent here to be married?”
“It’s not my business,” Jack said curtly. “My business is getting Marina back to Dmitri—in one piece.”
Charkov flinched, a crack appearing in his previously smug veneer.
Jack felt the exhilaration of feeling the tables turn. Before he could blow the upper hand he had gotten back, Jack turned and left Charkov gaping into the air. Heart hammering, Jack strode past Raina. Once in the hallway, Jack found himself grinning. It never failed—
Doctors are dumb-fuck, gullible bastards!
Jack had given Charkov a phone number to an untraceable cell phone that he had purchased at a Circle K on the way to the hospital. At the time, he hadn’t been sure what he would use it for, but it was funny how the opportunity always presented itself.
Jack checked the time and made his way to his car. Once in his car, he drove around the hospital until he found the physician parking lot. Jack parked in an unobtrusive spot and waited.
Keeping his eyes on the exit, Jack dialed the front desk of the office building that housed the Perfect Match dating agency where Katya Charkov worked.
The woman who answered gave him the standard greeting.
Jack said, “I was in the building yesterday and I accidentally threw out some important paperwork. Is there any chance I could talk to whoever does the janitorial service for Perfect Match?”
The receptionist said, “You want janitorial. I’ll transfer you.”
“Thanks,” Jack said. The phone rang and, after a couple of rings, a man answered. “Joe here,” a gruff man’s voice said.
“Hi Joe. My name’s Jack. I’m looking for a woman who does janitorial for the Perfect Match. She works with her daughter—a skinny kid with blond hair. I’m trying to contact her. Is she there?”
Silence.
“Joe?” Jack said.
“What’d she do?” Joe said.
“She didn’t do anything,” Jack said, trying to sound friendly. “I’m trying to reach her. Is she there?”
“You a collector?” Joe said warily.
“No. Can I leave my name and phone number? Can you have her call me back?” “Yeah, I guess,” Joe said grudgingly.
Jack gave him his name and phone number and said, “What’s her name?” “She’ll let you know—if she calls you back,” Joe said and hung up.
Jack’s sigh turned to a grin when he saw Dr. Charkov exit the hospital and beeline it for the physician’s parking lot. Jack glanced at the clock, which read 11:15.
Charkov got into a four-door black Mercedes, which he drove past Jack’s car without even glancing in his direction.
Jack jotted down Charkov’s license plate number as he pulled out, careful to keep at least one car between them as he followed.
Jack followed Charkov’s car as he drove east. After five miles of driving, Jack’s cell phone rang. He glanced down and saw it was a blocked number. He frowned, not wanting to take the call while he was tailing Charkov. Traffic was thick and it was too easy to lose a tail at a red light.
Jack continued tailing Charkov as the hard edges of Phoenix gave way to the elegant landscaping of Paradise Valley. Jack drove past the turnoff that led to Eve Hargrove’s mansion, which sat high on the top of the mountain overlooking the city lights. Jack briefly wondered who was caring for Eve’s massive home while she was in prison. Probably her lawyers were taking care of it. Jack knew that Eve had enough money to keep the place up and running—at least until her trial was concluded.
In less than a quarter of a mile, Charkov turned onto a narrow road that wound its way up the same mountain overlooking the city. It was a strange coincidence, Jack thought, that Charkov lived in practically the same neighborhood as Eve. It was proof of how wealthy Charkov was—to be able to afford to live in the same zip code as somebody like Eve, with all her millions.
Jack slowed his car, hanging back just far enough to get an occasional glimpse of Charkov’s Mercedes as it threaded its way past high walls that blocked any view of the mansions hidden behind them.
Charkov’s Mercedes turned into a short driveway ending in a massive gate that looked like it was protecting a fortress. As Charkov’s car disappeared behind the gates, Jack drove slowly past, eyeing the strategically placed surveillance cameras sitting atop the high walls, each offering a view of the road in either direction.
Jack continued down the road, knowing that there was no way he was getting over that wall without a ladder and there was no damned way he’d make it past those cameras.
At least—not today.

Chapter 24
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before. Edgar Allan Poe
I’m going to die.
The interior of the coffin was pitch-black and as airtight as one of Bunnie’s many Tupperware dishes. Bud’s mind reeled with numb shock as he struggled to drag oxygen into his burning lungs. Panic had come and gone. Bud was now in a different land—a land where only two things existed for him: oxygen and—
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name…
The Lord’s Prayer engulfed him, absorbing his entire being like he was a pebble sinking into a vast ocean. Bud Orlean no longer existed. The universe had become a mouth whose only purpose was to lead oxygen into his unquenchable lungs and, larger than that were the words—
Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven, forgive us our daily bread—give us our trespasses—forgive them—forgive me—deliver us from evil—deliver me —
Bud’s mind grew fuzzy and he knew that he was confusing things—getting it wrong—
For thine is the kingdom, the power, the glory, forever and ever—forgive me—forgive me—
Light inundated his world and, suddenly, his lungs expanded, drawing in oxygen like a vacuum.
The coffin, his trap, was opened and Bud, with the ferocious strength of a wild animal set free from its snare, hurled himself upward, scratching and clawing at the warm flesh that pressed him back down—
A woman’s voice hissed, “Shut up!”
Bud caught a glimpse of Gabby’s pale, drawn face hovering over him and his fist shot out, knocking Gabby in the ear.
“Mother fucker!” Gabby hissed, clenching her ear. She eyed Bud angrily and muttered, “That does hurt.”
Bud threw one leg over the edge of the coffin and began to climb out.
Gabby shoved the business end of a gun into the flesh of Bud’s left cheek.
The gun meant nothing to Bud. His right arm flew up and slammed into Gabby’s wrist, causing the gun to go flying across the room, where it landed with a clatter.
Gabby grabbed Bud’s shirt and wrenched his face close to hers. “I here to save you, old man! Shut up—or we both fucked!”
Bud didn’t understand her words, but there was something in her eyes that he did understand. Bud stopped fighting, but, for insurance, he grabbed a fist full of her hair, ready to pull her in with him if she tried to lock him back in the coffin.
Gasping with pain, Gabby held up his pill bottle so he could see it. It was the one with the lightning bolt.
Bud stared at her, confused, but he kept his grip on her hair.
Wincing with pain, Gabby carefully opened the bottle, removed a pill and held it to his mouth.
Bud hesitated and then, like a child, he opened his mouth. Gabby gently placed the pill on his tongue.
Bud accepted it, grateful. His grip on her hair loosened, but he didn’t let go. Gabby reached up and unsuccessfully tried to disentangle his fingers from her hair.
Bud gazed into her blue eyes, which suddenly seemed like the kindest eyes he had ever seen. He released his grip on her hair, but caught her by the wrist, holding tight. Bud felt the effects of the pill—the burning in his chest eased and his heart rate slowed. He breathed deeply, too confused to speak.
Gabby put one finger to her lips, indicating for him to remain silent. She glanced behind her and, determining that no one was there, she began helping Bud climb out of the coffin.
It was difficult and clumsy progress, but when Bud’s feet made contact with the floor, he collapsed, too stunned to feel anything except overwhelming relief.
Gabby knelt by his side and whispered, “We got no time! You do what I say. I help you— you help me. Got it?”
To Bud’s surprise, a low painful sob tore through him and his vision blurred with tears. “Stop blubbering!” Gabby hissed.
Unable to get his emotions under control, Bud’s sobbing grew louder and—
Gabby’s hand flew backwards and sped forward, cracking across Bud’s face with such force that he was startled into silence.
Bud sat dazed. He wanting to thank her, but he was too confused and ashamed to summon up any words.
Gabby’s eyes burned with urgency. “We got no time, you understand?”
Bud nodded, grateful for the pain in his cheek that helped him put the situation in focus— and her in charge. Bud looked up at Gabby, his eyes steady and trusting.
Gabby said, “I get you out of here and you come back with a bunch of police! You bust my husband, George, and you bust that pig, Trevor! I want them both in jail—you understand?”
Bud gazed at her, surprised.
As if in response to an unasked question, Gabby said, “I did my time with those two! I am American citizen now.” Gabby shoved Bud’s wallet and belongings at him. When Bud didn’t respond, she began stuffing them into his pockets. Gabby pointed at the door. “Out the door, go right. I left the back door unlocked. My phone,” Gabby shoved her cell phone into Bud’s hand. “Once you are safe—call the police! I want Trevor and George in jail. Like on Law & Order—I snitch—witness relocation, right? You can do that for me, huh?”
Bud nodded, still too stunned to speak.
“Come on,” Gabby said, hauling Bud to his feet and shoving him toward the door. “You got my phone, so I can call you.” She tapped the phone in Bud’s hand. “Look in my contacts— Scott at Biotech Med—he’s your proof. He’ll give you everything you need to put Trevor and George in jail and you’ll be the big hero, got it?”
Bud reached for the door knob, but Gabby stopped him. She gestured for him to wait.
Gabby cautiously opened the door and leaned out, making sure that the hallway was empty. “All clear,” Gabby whispered. She pointed Bud to the right and gave him a shove. Bud, holding Gabby’s cell phone, stumbled down the hall and toward the exit. “Hey,” Gabby hissed.
Bud turned.
“I’m sick of men!” Gabby said. “I want a cowgirl.” Bud blinked, unsure.
“Relocation snitch program—like on TV—I want Texas,” Gabby lunged forward and grabbed his hand, forcing their hands together in a handshake. “Deal?”
Bud nodded, but she wouldn’t let go of his hand. Her eyes were locked on his as she said, “Say it.” Bud hesitated and then croaked out, “Deal.”
With a grim smile, Gabby released Bud’s hand and pushed him down the hallway.
Bud stumbled, but kept his balance. He turned and saw the door, which he hurried toward with a strange mixture of elation and anxiety.
Bud reached the door and, hand trembling, he reached out and turned the knob. Bright Arizona sunlight hit him, blinding him, but making him feel dizzy with relief. For a moment, Bud was afraid that his knees would buckle, but he forced himself to move forward. Bud walked as fast as his trembling legs would carry him. He made his way between cars, across the parking lot, and then up a long alleyway that led into a nearby street.
Only when Bud was two blocks from the funeral home did he allow himself to slow his pace. Still walking, he saw that he was on a city street. Cars whizzed by, the drivers oblivious to a disheveled old man. Bud’s eyes turned upward and he marveled at the endless blue sky that hung over Phoenix like an upside-down bowl filled with enough oxygen to fill his lungs to capacity for years to come.
This is—heaven.
Bud greedily sucked air into his lungs, wondering how he could have ever taken this beautiful world for granted. He felt giddy with happiness at the thought that he was alive and breathing.
He was in paradise. The palm trees waved their arms in the light breeze like loving friends who were oh-so-glad to see him again. In the distance, South Mountain stood strong and loving as it welcomed him back to the land of the living.
Bud gazed around him. The city was buzzing with life. Cars danced past him. Clouds scuttled blissfully overhead, momentarily leaving him in sweet shadows. Bud felt as carefree as when he was a boy on the last day of school. Emancipated from the rigors of books and schedules and turned loose into the delicious freedom of halcyon summer days filled with swimming, baseball, and sweet daydreams of future adventures and romance.
I’m alive!
Bud walked, not knowing or caring where he was going. Within his heart, Bud began repeating the words to the Lord’s Prayer and he was struck with the timeless words of strength, beauty and wisdom. Tears gathered in his eyes and he let them roll down his cheeks, too happy to wipe them away.
A sound caught his ear. Bud turned and saw a mangy dog that was partially hidden behind a garbage can. The dog was dehydrated and half-starved. Its ribs rose and fell rapidly with its shallow panting. As Bud moved closer, the dogs shrank backwards and hung its head lower.
Bud eased closer and the dog whimpered. Bud managed to get close enough where he was able to reach out and gently scoop up the terrified dog, which was pitifully light. Not caring that the dog was filthy, Bud cradled its trembling body in his arms and gently stroked its back.
Bud looked up at the sky and whispered, “Thank you.”

Chapter 25
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. William Shakespeare
Enid was in the slaughterhouse and she was moving as fast as she was able away from the operating room that she had escaped from. The operating room door was the one shining, white light in the darkness, and she was determinedly moving in the opposite direction toward a faint red glow that she hoped was an exit. She made her way past rows of hanging slaughtered cow carcasses and, pausing, she looked behind her.
Silhouetted figures moved in and out of the illuminated door, causing long shadows to cast flickering dance patterns on the blood-stained floors. Muffled voices, mostly men, rose and fell, and they were increasing in number. It was no longer just the doctor who was chasing her—it sounded like he was was gathering a small army.
She could hear the doctor’s voice barking directions. His voice was burnt into Enid’s psyche and, even from this distance, her ears were honed in on his deep, strong voice that drew her attention like a magnet.
If he catches me, he’ll kill me.
Enid clenched her jaw, determined to do whatever she had to do to escape. She began moving toward the red light, which was getting brighter.
If I have to kill him, I’ll do it.
Enid was sick at the thought that she had left behind the book-bag with the gun. She made a promise to herself that if she got out of the slaughterhouse alive, she would never get caught without a gun again—for as long as she lived.
Jack’s voice rose unbidden in her mind. She remembered something Jack had once told her. Jack didn’t carry a gun because he didn’t need one. He said that he had a brain—and brains are far more dangerous than guns.
Enid frowned, wishing she could believe that was true, but she couldn’t. Brains couldn’t blow a hole through the doctor’s black heart; only a gun could do that and, right now, she’d give her right arm for a big-ass gun that was loaded for bear.
The voices were getting closer. Startled, Enid hurried forward. As she broke free of the long line of carcasses, she almost cried aloud from joy when she saw that the red light was an emergency exit.
She rushed to the door and, to her horror, it was chained and padlocked. Tears of frustration and anger sprang to her eyes and, for one moment, she slumped against the cold door, feeling sick and defeated.
A sudden stab of pain in her broken nose jerked her back to her senses. She pushed away from the door and turned to face the direction she had just run from. For a moment, she felt helpless. Like a child, she fervently wanted Jack there with her.
He would know what to do!
Just as quickly, Enid remembered how he had abandoned her. She had banged on his locked door and he had ignored her like she was nothing but a piece of trash. She had always expected the rest of the world to call her and her mother white trash but, after all of Jack’s highfalutin crap he had slung at her about being a better father, it had caught her off-guard that Jack had gone the extra mile and treated her like sewage.
Despite her anger, Jack’s words about brains being more dangerous than guns came back to her. What if he was right? Enid didn’t think that she could out-brain a doctor, but she decided that she had no choice.
In the distance, the criss-crossed beams from flashlights cut the darkness as they slowly and methodically moved in her direction.
Trying to ignore the throbbing pain in her nose, Enid began moving along the wall in search of another exit. Fingertips brushing the concrete wall, she stumblingly made her way through the darkness, straining her eyes as she searched for another red glow.
“Little girl!” the doctor’s voice boomed out.
Enid froze, her heart contracting in terror. She happened to be looking straight down one of the long rows of carcasses and she could clearly see the doctor’s silhouette in the illuminated door. He was no longer a man. He was an evil, black shadow within the lit doorway. He looked like something out of a horror movie – only worse—because he was real.
“Turn yourself in,” the doctor shouted. “I promise, you won’t get hurt!”
To Enid’s horror, the overhead lights came on in a burst of harsh fluorescent light that left Enid blinded. She jumped forward and was startled when her fingers brushed against what felt like another door handle. Still blinded, she yanked down on the handle, but it didn’t budge. Enid pulled the handle in every direction, but it refused to yield.
A groan escaped from Enid. Her sight was starting to return and she saw that she was at another door, but this one had no red light over it. She turned, desperately looking for another escape. What she saw almost caused Enid to scream, but she clapped her hand over her mouth, stifling it. Tasting the iron of cow blood, she jerked her hand from her mouth.
In the darkness, she had stumbled into another area of the slaughter house—and this new place made her feel nostalgic for the rows of hanging carcasses.
Rows of large, grated metal tables spread out before her, each holding a recently slaughtered cow. Their heads were still attached and their eyes and tongues lolled out with a bulging nightmare quality. Each cow had a long, wicked cut that went from the underside of the neck and stretched down the belly and ended between the back legs. Blood and guts spilled out of the sliced open cow bellies, covering the floor in a dirty, slick red.
The doctor yelled, “Whoever brings her to me—cash bonus—five thousand dollars!” Unintelligible voices rose momentarily as if in excitement of the challenge.
Enid whirled around and retried the door handle, which wasn’t budging. Knowing it was useless, Enid turned back to the nightmarish room with grim determination. Understanding that she was now a hunted animal, Enid willed herself to think.
She scanned the walls in either direction, but there were no other doors and no place to go.
“Over here!” A man shouted.
It was not the doctor and Enid quickly estimated that the man was two rows of cows away from this new area. She had maybe thirty seconds to figure out what to do.
Enid darted to one of the flayed-open cows. She grabbed a knife with a wickedly serrated edge that lay next to the cow.
“Turn yourself in, little girl,” the man shouted, “and we won’t hurt you!”
Enid dug her hands between the edges of the deep incisions that travelled the length of the cow’s underside. Pulling the edges apart, the smell of feces was so intense that she could smell it through the thick bandages of her broken nose. Grunting with the effort, Enid dug her hands into the slippery and stinking mess and pulled out handfuls of bloody intestines and organs, tossing them onto the floor like she was sloppily unpacking a suitcase.
“Come on, kid!” another man shouted. “Don’t make this any harder than it has to be!”
Enid climbed onto the slippery table and forcibly wedged her body between the long slits, shoved her backside into the gaping hole that was where the cow’s insides had once been. The ribs stabbed at her, but her tiny body squished deep into the cold, slimy space like it had been waiting for her. As the edges of the thick skin came together, Enid felt herself enclosing in a new kind of darkness. With a jolt of panic, Enid was about to push her way out of the cow, but the man’s voice stopped her.
“Hey!”
Enid froze, terrified.
The man’s voice was within throwing distance.
Enid shut her eyes and prayed that he hadn’t seen her. Nothing happened.
Enid opened her eyes. The cow’s ribcage pressed down her, making it hard to breathe.
Trying not to panic, Enid wedged the fingers of her left hand between the belly incision and managed to create a one-inch space. It was enough to convince her that she wouldn’t suffocate to death, which helped to ease her panic. Wiggling, she managed to get her eye near the slit, which gave her a direct view of the locked door.
A man, dressed in black and carrying what looked like a small machine gun, came into view.
Not daring to breathe, Enid watched as the man walked toward her hiding place. He stopped within four feet of where she was hiding.
He stood silent, listening.
Enid’s fingers, still wedged between the incisions in the cow’s belly trembled with the effort of holding the edges apart, but she didn't dare move. Just when Enid was sure that there was no way that the man wouldn’t hear her pounding heartbeat, he moved away.
Another man replaced him. This man was short, squat and dressed all in black, which looked jarringly out of place with his brand-new white sneakers. He spoke in a low voice. “Rick.”
“Not so loud, Mo,” Rick said from somewhere behind Enid’s hiding place. “Boss wants you to check on them,” Mo said.
Rick came back into Enid’s line of vision and she watched as he walked to the locked metal door. He pulled a set of keys from his belt and unlocked the door and then hung the keys on a nail protruding from the wall.
“Wait here,” Rick said, disappearing through the door.
Mo walked to the door and stood guard, his eyes scanning the area nervously. After several minutes, Rick reappeared.
“Everything good?” Mo said.
“I’m taking five,” Rick said, pulling out a cigarette and lighting up. He jerked his thumb at the door in disgust. “This is bad enough, but since when does our fucking job include hunting down kids?”
“Since he offered five thousand bucks,” Mo said.
“She ain’t here,” Rick said, waving his hand at the tables of dead cows. “She probably took one look at this horror show and headed in the other direction. God, it’s enough to put me off hamburgers for the next ten years.”
“Five thousand—that’d be enough for a down payment on a sweet trailer I got my eye on—”
“You already have a trailer,” Rick said. “What are you going to do? Haul two trailers behind one truck?”
“My Phoenix trailer is for my girlfriend and her two kids. The one I got my eye on is for some sweet Rocky Point beach, so I can get away from my girlfriend and her two kids.”
“That’s why I’m single,” Rick said, blowing smoke out of his nose in two long streams. “She used so much hair spray that the fish tank water had a sticky layer of shit on it and the fish couldn’t get enough air—she killed my fucking fish!”
“I once dumped a chick because she didn’t want Boss Hogg to sleep on the bed,” Rick said.
“And the kids—Jesus! Don’t get me started. Julien has a lazy eye and I can never tell if he’s looking at me or not, and the other kid is on some antibiotics that makes him fart like he’s getting paid for it. I swear to God, I had to give up smoking cause I’m scared to light up a cig around him!”
Rick continued to smoke.
“We gotta get going,” Mo said, nervously looking around. “It’s not just the money, man.
We gotta find the kid. Doc said she saw too much.”
“Fuck, I’ve seen too much,” Rick said. He made a disparaging sound, jerking his chin toward the door he had just emerged from. “As if this isn’t enough to give me nightmares—I sure as hell didn’t sign up for killing no little girl.” Rick shut the door and reached for the keys. “I don’t think—”
From the other end of the warehouse, gunshots exploded in rapid succession. Mo and Rick took off, running.
Once they were gone, Enid pushed and shoved herself out of the cow’s belly. The cow’s ribs maliciously jabbed her skin and tore at her hair. Oblivious to the pain, Enid wriggled her way out of the dead animal and, when her feet hit the floor, the slick layer of blood sent her skidding. Hands flailing, she grabbed at the table to keep from falling.
When she was steady, Enid grabbed the knife and limped toward the metal door. She snatched the keys from the nail and, with trembling fingers, she unlocked the door. Without thinking, she went through the door, knowing that there couldn’t be anything behind the door that would be worse than where she had just come from.
Once inside the dimly lit hallway, she paused, uncertain. The walls were painted a dull grey that was cracking with age and dirt. Suddenly, the hallway didn’t feel like an escape. Enid had the unnerving sensation that she might be walking into a new and even more dangerous trap.
Enid eyed a battered metal door at the end of the long hallway. Heart pounding, she cautiously moved down the hallway and toward the door.
Enid stopped outside the door and listened. For a moment, she thought she heard the murmur of a woman’s voice, but she decided that she was imagining things. Then she did hear a scraping sound that could be anything from human to rodent. Enid gulped, deciding that she had two choices: she could either go through this door—or go back.
Forcing herself to a bravery that she did not feel, Enid reached out and turned the handle, but it didn’t budge. She pushed harder, but it was as securely locked as the other door had been.
She reached in her pocket and pulled out the keys. She tried one after another and, on the fifth key, she heard the lock release. Taking a deep breath, Enid turned the handle and pushed the door open. What met her eyes was enough to make her blood run cold.
Enid stood staring into the room, too stunned to speak or move—only knowing that, once again, she had been deeply and dangerously wrong. She had just discovered what was—
Worse.

Chapter 26
Outside of a dog, a book is man’s best friend. Inside of a dog, it’s too dark to read. Groucho Marx.
Jack sat in his car outside of Charkov’s home, which was hidden by a high wall that was studded with surveillance cameras. Before Charkov’s Mercedes had disappeared behind the security gate, Jack had caught a glimpse of the house, which was a monstrosity—too much concrete, not enough glass, and zero charm. The place looked more like a correctional facility than a home.
Jack was about to leave when an older woman emerged from behind another security gate further down the street. Dressed in pedal-pushers and one of those expensive flowing blouses that was designed to hide everything from the breasts to the knees, she walked toward him, her iPhone outstretched as she snapped photos of him and his car’s front license plate.
Jack sighed, recognizing the private detective’s true worst enemy—a Kravitz—otherwise known as the nosy neighbor who had the local police on speed dial.
Jack moved the car forward, slow enough so as to not scare the Kravitz. When he was within five feet of her, Jack rolled down his window and smiled. “Hello,” Jack said, feigning a friendliness that he didn’t feel.
“You have no business being on our street!” the woman snapped, glaring at him. “I already called the police, so don’t get any funny ideas.”
Jack shook his head, regretfully. “Darn it. I knew it was a mistake coming here in the daytime.” He gave her an angelic look. “Thank you so much. I’m new to the profession and sometimes—well, the obvious eludes me.”
Her mouth fell open in surprise.
Jack waved a friendly goodbye and put the car in reverse, turned around and drove off.
He took one last look in the review mirror and saw that she was frantically shooting photos of his retreating car.
Jack knew that pissing off Charkov’s neighbor was a stupid move, but he couldn’t help feeling a twinge of satisfaction. He hated Kravitzes and the irony was not lost on him because he was a professional Kravitz.
Jack sighed, shrugging. Probably nothing would come of it, but—
You never know.
Jack remembered the advice he had given Enid about looking before you leaped. If he couldn’t take his own advice—how in the hell could he expect Enid to take his advice? Jack pulled out his phone and saw that Enid still hadn’t called.
He was getting a nervous feeling in his stomach. If Enid wasn’t at school—
Where the hell is she?
Jack dialed Enid’s phone and, making sure to keep his voice nicer than it otherwise would have been, he said, “Listen, Enid—I’m sorry. Call me, so we can talk. Hey, every day is a new starting line, right?” Jack winced at how stupid he sounded, even to himself. In a harder voice, he said, “Okay, Enid—you win. I’m worried. Call me, so I won’t think you’re dead in a ditch somewhere—”
Hating his message, Jack hung up before he could say anything else. It popped into his head that he and Enid were exactly alike. Against all reason and logic, the same way he had just put it to the busybody Kravitz, Enid was putting it to him. There was a streak in both of them— immature and mean, taking pleasure in revenge—even against better judgment. Although, Jack mused, Enid was too young to have the better judgment that he was supposed to have.
Jack made a resolution to not follow every whim that popped into his head. So far, following that game plan had almost got him strangled, arrested and —
Jack grinned, recalling the previous night he had spent with Melody. His grin faded as he thought about how she had slapped him and how she was Enid’s school counselor. None of it would have mattered if he had never wanted to see her again, but—to his surprise—he did.
Jack decided that if he wanted Enid to act more responsibly that maybe he should put in a wee bit more of an effort to do the right thing. He sighed, irritated that he was starting to sound like some lame sitcom loser-dad.
Jack checked his watch and saw that he had enough time to squeeze in some more actual work, which would help distract him from the encroaching 3:00 o’clock hour. He drove downtown, heading for the office building that housed the Perfect Match dating agency. At the front desk, it took some talking, but Jack managed to get the receptionist to call down to the janitorial department and request that Linda Nevins come to the front desk to talk to him.
Within five minutes, Linda Nevins, the bubble-gum-snapping mother of the girl who had chased after Enid with a mop, stood in front of Jack with curious eyes.
Jack introduced himself.
“Whaddya want with me?” Linda said as she eyed him curiously. “If you’re on your way to lunch,” Jack said, “my treat.”
Linda stood five-foot-five and had shoulder-length brown hair tied back in a droopy ponytail. She wore Levi jeans, a burgundy scrub top and battered tennis shoes that should have been retired to the trash long ago. Linda’s face was starting to show the damage from years of cigarette smoking, but she was saved from looking old-before-her-time by the knowing sparkle in her blue eyes, along with her lightning-fast smile that magically erased years of troubles and gave the receiver of the smile a clue to what she had looked like on the best day of her life, which was beautiful.
Linda insisted on driving them both to the restaurant and Jack found himself in the passenger seat of her beater Honda that smelled of cigarettes and mint. The mint smell was compliments of an air freshener in the shape of ice skates that dangled from the rearview mirror.
“You ice-skate?” Jack said.
Linda grinned. “Never had the ankles for it. My podiatrist tells me I’m a supinator and is always nagging me to get better shoes and says she’ll even write me a prescription to make ‘em tax-deductible, but do I do it? No. She wants me to get some fancy-pants boats for a hundred and fifty bucks, but—hell no. I got way better uses for my money. Ice-skating? I like the costumes.
All that glitter and sparkle—reminds me of the ‘80s. If it was up to me, I’d wear one of those sparkly bad boys every single day!”
Linda parked and they walked into Lenny’s Burger joint. Housed in a mini-strip mall on Central Avenue, Lenny’s had the classic diner décor. From the red vinyl booths to the black-and-white checkered floor to the shiny tin siding, Lenny’s was as close as you could get to the classic 1950s juke diner.
Jack held open the door for Linda and the smell of hamburger heaven smacked them in the face like the back of Saint Peter’s hand.
“Mmmm,” Linda said, glancing at Jack with an appreciative look. “I need you to give my old man some lessons in opening doors for his lady. But, I warn ya, my man don’t need lessons in nothin’ else!”
Jack laughed as a hostess led them to a booth. “Sounds like a happy marriage.” “It is,” Linda said with a grin. “And don’t you forget it.”
A perky waitress came to a be-bop stop at their table. She eyed Jack with unabashed interest. “Hey Linda, the usual?”
“You bet,” Linda said, giving her a mischievous smile. “This is my new lover, Marty.
Whaddya think?”
Marty gave Jack a wink and said to Linda, “I think you’re too much in love with your husband to go cattin' around, but does he know that?” Marty nodded at Jack.
“Message received,” Jack said, throwing up his hands in surrender.
Linda laughed and said, “Cowboy combo-burger, well done, fries and Coke, please.” “I’ll have the same, but medium,” Jack said.
“Sure thing, Sweetie,” Marty said, whisking the menus from their hands. With a wink, she headed toward the kitchen.
“Thanks for lunch,” Linda said to Jack. “I still can’t believe you’re a real detective. I never met a real detective before. Now, I know lunch ain’t free, so feel free to pistol-whip the truth out of me somewhere between the burger and the bill.”
Jack pulled out a photo of Marina and slid it across the table to Linda. “Marina Orlov. She came to this country through the Perfect Match dating agency as a mail-order bride. She disappeared. I’m hoping you have information on her—or Katya Charkov.”
“Disappeared, huh?” Linda said with a frown, looking thoughtfully at the photo. “She’s pretty, but I guess Katya wouldn’t be driving a Mercedes if she was running a dog show.” Linda looked up at Jack and said, “Besides finding missing mail-order brides and saving the world—if I tell you what I know—what’s in it for me?”
“Lunch,” Jack said with a grin.
“I always was a cheap date,” Linda laughed. “What do you want to know?” “Do you recognize her?” Jack said.
Linda shook her head. “Sorry. I seen a lot of girls come through Katya’s blender, but I don’t remember this one.”
Jack said, “What’s your impression of Katya—is she on the up-and-up?” “Yeah,” Linda said with a snicker, “and I’m Kim Kardashian.”
Marty returned with their drinks and left. Linda said to Jack, “Why you talkin' to me?”
Jack raised his eyebrows knowingly. “The cleaning crew always knows where the bodies are buried.”
“Ain’t that the truth,” Linda said, grinning. She hesitated, then said, “What if I tell you something that comes back to bite me in the ass? I need this job and I sure as hell don’t need any more trouble than I already got.”
“It won’t come back to you,” Jack said. “Is that a guarantee?” Linda said.
“I don’t believe in guarantees,” Jack said, “but if you mean—am I going to run my mouth? No, I won’t.”
Linda tapped her fingers against her drink, thinking. After a long moment, she said, “It’s weird. I’m in the office— just doing my job and—I see stuff. When it comes to money, Katya’s tighter than a tick. She set up a deal with my boss—under the table, of course—for us to shred old files instead of her hiring a real service. So, my boss gets paid thirty extra bucks a week and I’m always shredding photos of these girls. They’re all young and beautiful. They’re even smiling, but you can see the fear in their eyes. Then I gotta watch the old man clients tromp through the building—you can always tell em from the rest ‘cause we practically have to trail a mop after ‘em cause they’re all droolin' at the thought of getting something they can’t get home-grown with their own skills and, hey, I ain’t judgin’—if I was some gorgeous girl stuck in Siberia, maybe I’d do the same thing, and if I was an old guy with lots of money—I’d probably do the same thing, but—”
Jack waited for her to continue, but she sat staring at her drink. “What?” Jack said.
Linda looked up, as if from a dream. “I shred a lot of medical bills.” “Medical bills?” Jack said, surprised.
“Yeah, like—big bills. Thousands and thousands of dollars and I can’t figure out how these girls, who just got here, even have health insurance. I mean, these bills are billed to health insurance companies like Aetna and Cigna and they get paid and—hell, I was born here and still can’t afford insurance—not even with all this Obama stuff. How in the hell are these girls getting health insurance? They’re all young, so why are they ending up in the hospital having all these crazy expensive operations?”
“What type of operations?” Jack said, his thoughts churning with this new information.
Linda shrugged. “Serious stuff I sure as heck don’t want to learn the hard way how to pronounce.”
“Before you shred the next batch of medical bills,” Jack said, “can I have them?” Linda looked at him, doubtfully.
Jack said, “I was hired to find Marina. Any information you give me might help me find her.”
“You talkin' murder?” Linda said, frowning. “I don’t rule anything out,” Jack said.
Linda frowned and said, “Katya’s a cheap bitch, but I can’t picture her killing anyone.
Besides, murder might require her to break a sweat—or a manicured nail—and Katya don’t play that game.”
“It would be a huge help,” Jack said, “if you can you get me the next batch of photos and medical bills that are up for shredding.”
Linda hesitated and then nodded. “If any of this comes back on me—I’m gonna swear on a stack of Bibles that you stole ‘em.”
“Thank you,” Jack said with a sincere smile.
Frowning, Linda said, “What do you think is going on?” “You’re in more of a position to know than me,” Jack said.
“I get the whole buy-a-wife thing,” Linda said. “What I don’t get is how these young, healthy girls keep ending up in the hospital—”
“Which hospital?”
“Maricopa County,” Linda said. Jack’s lips tightened.
Linda leaned forward eagerly and said, “Does that mean something?”
Jack said, “Did you know that Katya’s husband is head of the trauma unit at County?” “Katya ain’t married,” Linda said.
Jack dug in his pocket and pulled out Katya’s cell phone. He held out the screen saver photo of Katya and her husband. “This is Dr. Peter Charkov, Katya’s husband.”
Linda shook her head. “Somebody steered you wrong. That dude is one of the droolers—and a creepy one at that. He comes in on a regular basis—shopping for wives. We figured he hasn’t found one yet ‘cause he keeps coming back. I mean, it’s not like you can keep getting married over and over again. Unless, of course, he’s getting divorces that quick, but if that’s the case then he’s probably on his tenth wife in two years.”
Jack put the cell phone back in his pocket, thinking.
Linda gave him a knowing look, “Funny. Katya’s had us turning the place upside down— looking for her phone.”
“Bad luck,” Jack said with a straight face, “to lose your phone, I mean.”
“Ms. Katya has the bad habit of throwing out drinks that still have soda in it,” Linda said with a grim smile, “and then bitches when it drips through the garbage bags when I haul it out, so it musses up her precious white carpets. Who the hell puts white carpet in an office? I’ve had to work more than a couple of extra nights steam-cleaning those shitty white rugs! I think Katya deserves what’s coming to her—especially if she’s—hey! You think it’s some kind of medical insurance fraud?”
“It’s possible,” Jack said. “I was thinking more along the lines of her bringing girls here illegally or something in the sex trade.”
“Well, I just assume that’s happening,” Linda said with a laugh.
Jack gave her a startled look.
“Hell, brother, we are in Arizona!” Linda said. “When it comes to the sex trade, Phoenix might as well be little Romania.”
“I know,” Jack said with a grimace, thinking about his last case, which involved breaking up a ring of underage sex peddling.
Linda said, “Those Russian girls—I figure it’s the eighty-twenty rule. Eighty percent are legal—they have to be for Katya to set up a real business, right? What I figure is the other twenty percent—there’s gotta be something sketchy going on. Like laundering money—except they’re doing it with girls.”
“Do you have any proof?” Jack said.
Linda laughed. “What am I? Perry Mason? You asked me, so I’m just spitballing ideas. I also think the British Royal Service killed Princess Di ‘cause they didn’t want her marrying that Dodi guy and having a bunch of brownies in line for the throne, but The New York Times ain’t exactly banging down my door for an interview.”
Marty set down their food with a flourish. “Bottoms up, kids.”
“‘Bout time!” Linda said to Marty. “I was getting ready to go out and help you brand the cow.”
Linda and Jack dug into their meal with gusto.
After several minutes, Jack said, “You ever hear that song ‘I Heard it on the Grapevine?’” “I’ve heard the song ‘I Heard it through the Grapevine,’” Linda said, her mouth full. “Well, I heard it through the grapevine that you have a box of blackmail material—courtesy of Katya—stashed away for your kid’s college fund.”
Linda stopped chewing and stared at him, her mouth agape. She recovered, resumed chewing and swallowed. She took a swig of her drink and sat back in the booth as she stared at Jack. “What the fuck is going on?”
“I’m a private detective,” Jack said. “It’s my job to know things.”
“What else do you know?” Linda said, her lips tight.
“I’m only interested in anything pertaining to finding Marina,” Jack said. “I need that box.”
“If you got that info from my dimwit stepdaughter—she’s got a big fucking mouth!”
Linda said, still staring incredulously at Jack. “That kid’s dumber than a box of hair—she could talk a gate off its hinges and then turn around and tell you how the cat ate the cabbage—”
Jack leaned in and said, “This is your chance to help find a missing woman and save other women who are in danger—”
“I’ll be frank, Jack,” Linda said, “I feel a little violated. What else do you know about me?”
“Nothing I would ever tell anyone,” Jack said, using the element of mystery in his favor. “Help find a missing woman,” Linda mimicked him, disdainfully. “What it’ll help me do is get fired—or worse!”
Jack said, “I think Katya gets the girls to come to America under false pretenses. She lures them here with the promise of a new life and a rich husband and, once they get here, they’re all alone, they don’t speak the language—then she makes sure they get “sick”—so Katya and her husband can file phony medical claims on them.”
Forgetting her anger, Linda said, “Why would they need an actual patient to do phony medical bills? They can just make shit up.” Linda paused, thinking. “How would that work? Especially on a bunch of Russian girls who shouldn’t even have health insurance?”
“Travel insurance?” Jack said, thinking aloud.
Linda wiped her mouth and, catching Marty’s eyes, gestured for her to bring them the bill, which she did.
Jack dug in his wallet and put down cash, which Marty took away. He looked at Linda and said, “I don’t know what’s going on, but I’m going to find out. Let me take a look at your blackmail box. I’ll give it back and I’ll keep my mouth shut.”
Linda gave Jack a wry look. “How come I get the feeling you could charm the magic underwear off a Mormon virgin?”
Jack grinned. “Is that a yes?”
Linda said, “Well, I ain’t a Mormon and I ain’t a virgin, but I have been told my underwear is magic.”
Jack grinned.
Linda said, “At least that’s what my husband thinks—mostly ‘cause I keep telling him.” “Sounds like a lucky guy,” Jack said.
“Thank God I got a man smart enough to know when the gettin' is good,” Linda said, “but it don’t hurt none to keep puttin’ the evidence in his face.”
As if by magic, Marty appeared and said, “Don’t hurt none to sit the evidence right down on his face either.”
Linda grinned and said, “Best seat in the house!”
Linda and Marty guffawed, both enjoying Jack’s reddened face.
Marty nodded at Jack and said, “Look at that, Linda. I think we put the burn on those virgin ears.”
Linda said, “Only thing virgin in this place is the drinks.”
“Play nice, ladies,” Jack murmured, surprised to realize that they had embarrassed him.
On the drive back to Linda’s workplace, Jack made arrangements to swing by Linda’s house later that evening. Jack had to promise that he would return the box of blackmail material to her within the week.
After Linda had deposited Jack next to his car, he glanced at his watch and felt a rush of apprehension. It was already a little after 2:00 o’clock, which meant he had to leave now to get to the jail in time for the wedding.
Jack cracked his knuckles as the urge to beat the hell out of something—or someone—surged through him. He forced himself to unclench his jaw, which was throbbing with a sudden pain. He hadn’t called his dentist yet, but he was growing accustomed to the empty space where his tooth had once been and it was hurting a little less. Briefly, he thought of Bud, wondering if his sudden spike in jaw pain was an oncoming heart attack. If anything was going to give him a heart attack—marrying Eve Hargrove should do the trick.
Jack steeled his nerves and reminded himself why he was doing it—to save the baby. A voice deep inside correct him —
My baby.
Another shot from the cheap seats—
Our baby.
Feeling sick at the thought of what little monster his and Eve’s DNA would create, Jack got in the car and set it in the direction of what felt like his impending doom. On the way, he checked his phone, but Enid still hadn’t called. He decided against leaving her another message. Jack considered calling the police, but he nixed that idea. There was an Urgent Care chock full of nurses ready to “swear to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth” about how he was the guy who brought Enid in with a broken and bloody nose. If he reported Enid missing, the police would be on him like white on rice.
Feeling like a louse, Jack promised himself that as soon as he left the jail, he would concentrate on finding Enid. He’d have to break the news of his marriage to Enid, which sounded about as appealing—and pleasant—as getting a vasectomy done by a one-eyed drunken surgeon with a rusty blade.
Jack remembered his last—and only—wedding day. It had been a rainy day in Phoenix, which should have been a clue, but both he and Stella had raced into that marriage blinder than two horny mice.
Stella was the only woman he’d ever taken the “for better and for worse” leap with and he had cheese in his fridge that lasted longer than that marriage. The “better” had been her great legs, her uninhibited sexual appetite that left him exhausted, satiated and happy, her magical powers of transforming whatever was in the kitchen into a delicious midnight omelette, and the fact that whenever she walked into a room, Jack felt school-boy giddy. The “worse” had been her lightning-quick temper that leapt into the realm of abuse, her jealousy over any woman that Jack’s shadow happened to fall across, the fact that she blew through his money faster than a drunken sailor on a shore leave whorehouse-binge, and the fact that she had cheated on him with his best friend’s wife. As if that wasn’t enough, Stella had a nasty penchant for breaking things—
Like my balls.
Jack sighed, his memories of Stella always an unsettling mix of sexual excitement and anger. Stella was horrible, but Jack would almost prefer to risk another nine rounds of marriage with Stella than to go through with marrying Eve Hargrove. The only advantage to marrying Eve was that she was locked up behind bars. It was poor consolation, but even though he’d have a baby to contend with, he wouldn’t have to deal with Eve. As far as he was concerned, Eve made Stella look like June-fucking-Cleaver. At the word “cleaver,” Jack got the image of the baby growing up to the ripe age of 12 and coming after him with a meat cleaver—maybe because he got her the wrong Barbie doll…?
Jack pinched his nose between his fingers in an attempt to stop the throbbing headache that was starting to grip the back of his skull. He reminded himself that he still had choices. He could go to the jail and marry Eve, exactly like he had resolved to do or—he could no-show to the wedding and Eve would kill the baby and—
Can I live with that?
Jack drove toward the jail, his thoughts traveling down dark paths. After a long time, he could only find one answer —
Maybe.

Chapter 27
We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time. T. S. Eliot
Bud was relieved to find that the terrified dog was too weak to resist being saved. “I’m going to call you Sheba,” Bud said, cradling the trembling dog in his arms. He was surprised to find that he had turned around and was walking back to the funeral home. Bud didn’t want to go back, but he did want to get Sheba someplace safe and warm, which was home.
Bud’s car was in the funeral home parking lot and Gabby had given him back his belongings, including his car keys.
As Bud came within sight of the funeral home and his car, his heart pounded with dread.
With shaking hands, Bud fumbled for the keys and unlocked the driver’s side and got in. Still holding Sheba, he started the car and jolted it toward the exit.
Wiping the beads of perspiration from his brow, Bud didn’t bother to look in the rearview mirror as he pulled onto the road. He didn’t want to know if he had been seen or if anyone was following him.
Bud thought about calling Jenson, but decided he would do it once he was home. He decided to stop at the PetSmart near his home to get food and a bed and anything else the dog would need.
Once at the store, Bud got an old blanket from the trunk and put it in the bottom of a nearby shopping cart, which he used as a makeshift bed for Sheba. He pushed the cart toward the entrance, making a mental list of things he would need.
After he had given Sheba a small bowl of water and one of the free treats, Bud walked up and down the aisles, loading items into the cart—food, treats, collar—everything he would need for Sheba to get clean, comfortable and fed.
Bud wheeled the cart through the store, smiling at strangers and wondering at the mysteries of life. Less than an hour ago he had been locked in a coffin and preparing to meet his Maker. Now he was walking through PetSmart and seeing the world with a clarity that made his heart ache with joy. Everything felt right and good. The universe had saved him—and now he was going to save Sheba.
On aisle 8, no longer able to contain his inner joy, Bud began to softly sing—
“Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound, That saved a wretch like me, I once was lost, but now am found Was blind, but now, I see.”
From one aisle over, a lone woman’s voice joined in. Her voice was a sweet echoing angel to his own unpolished, gravelly voice. Enjoying their impromptu duet, Bud pushed his cart to the end of the aisle and made his way around the corner, curious to find the singer.
Upon turning the corner, the woman’s voice had fallen silent and she was nowhere to be found. Bud stopped, wondering if she had actually been an angel.
“That you singing?” A woman’s voice said from behind him.
Startled, Bud turned around.
A petite woman in her early 30s, dressed in a black-goth outfit with combats boots and sporting a slew of tattoos up and down each arm and into her neck, stood facing him. She had a mess of black hair in a punk-pixie cut, ghostly pale skin and hazel eyes. She also had a four-foot albino snake wrapped around her shoulders. The snake’s head hovered near the woman’s left ear, its tongue darted out as if whispering dark secrets for only her to hear.
At the sight of the snake, Bud jumped backwards with an inarticulate sound.
Grinning, the woman said, “Don’t be scared of Princess! You were singing our favorite song. I sing it to her all the time—especially in the shower.”
Sheba lifted her head once, sniffed the air, and buried her nose into her new bed, dismissing the snake as easily as if it had been a stuffed toy.
“Oh,” Bud said, unable to think of anything else to say. “You single?” the woman said with a quizzical look.
Bud hesitated, then nodded. The thought that this tiny woman, who looked like she was on her way to a mosh-pit, might actually like him—scared the shit out of him.
“Bertha Perry’s my name.” She stuck out her hand.
Not wanting to get near her snake, Bud hesitated, but Bertha grabbed his hand in a firm handshake.
“Bud Orlean,” Bud said with a smile.
Bertha released his hand, pulled a wallet out of her purse. “I don’t mean to be forward, but—” She flipped to a photograph of a pleasant-looking older woman and held it out for Bud to see. “My mother.”
“Is she missing?” Bud said.
Bertha laughed. “No! Why would you say that?” Bud shrugged, feeling foolish.
“My mom is single,” Bertha said, “and I think that meeting a man who sings Amazing Grace the way you just did would be, well—lovely.”
Relief shot through Bud at the knowledge that Bertha wasn’t coming on to him. He smiled and said, “How do you know I’m not a mental case?”
“I heard everything I need to know,” Bertha said. “It’s all in your singing. You can’t hide it. You’re nice.”
“Thank you, but—”
“You sound happy to be alive,” Bertha said. Unexpectedly, tears came to Bud’s eyes.
“Oh shit!” Bertha said, eyeing him. “What’d I say?”
Embarrassed, Bud wiped his eyes. “Somebody tried to kill me—bury me alive in a coffin.
I escaped and I am most happy to be alive.”
“Been there, done that,” Bertha said, nodding knowingly. “I can’t tell you how many times they tried to bury my ass in work and I had to play hooky to escape! Is that what you’re talking about?”
Bud nodded.
“Good,” Bertha said. “My mom needs more of that in her life. A guy who knows all the words to Amazing Grace—and knows how to have fun.”
Bud glanced at her, startled.
Bertha’s brow wrinkled. “We are talking about having fun, aren’t we?” “I’ve never been accused of being Mr. Fun,” Bud said with a wry smile.
“You look like my mom’s kind of fun,” Bertha said with a laugh as she held out her business card. “My mom’s name is Sally and she’s the classiest, kindest person you’ll ever meet. She loves dogs and—I’ll be honest—her and my dad had a great marriage—lots of laughter, lots of love, but he passed away four years ago. As much as I loved my dad, I want my mom to meet somebody who could appreciate her and maybe—” Bertha’s words trailed off.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Bud said, trying to ignore the pleading look in her eyes. “I’ve never done this before,” Bertha said, “but you were singing my all-time favorite song and – I think it’s the universe trying to tell me that you—and maybe my mom—” She hesitated and said, “I know this sounds crazy, but I adored my dad and I miss him something terrible. I quote him at least three times a day. My mom is too damned young to sit at home and be all alone, and I love her too much to not want her to find love again.”
“I’m divorced,” Bud said. “And I—well, I haven’t been on a first date since long before you were a twinkle in your mom’s eye.”
“My mom’s eyes haven’t twinkled in a long time, Bud Orlean,” Bertha said, “so you both have that in common. Seriously, though, no pressure. If you’re interested, call me and I’ll set it up.” She grinned and said, “How’s that for putting it out there?”
Bud smiled and nodded at the snake, who was busy whispering secrets in Bertha’s ear. “What’s she telling you?”
“Princess approves,” Bertha said with a smile. “All snakes are infinitely wiser than we mere humans.”
“Oh,” Bud said, unsure how to respond.
“Nice meeting you, Bud,” she said, reaching out and grasping his hand and giving it a firm squeeze.
In a moment, she and Princess were gone.
Bud looked down at Bertha’s card, which read: Bertha Perry, PhD. Herpetologist specializing in removal of poisonous snakes.
Bud glanced after her, surprised. In his day, doctors were old white men in white coats who did Medicare fraud on Tuesday and played golf on Wednesday. Bud grinned, liking the new days better. Now doctors were anybody who got up off their butts and got a degree—even if it was in ceramics or beekeeping or—removing poisonous snakes from Arizona patios.
Bud tucked Bertha’s card into his wallet and made his way to the register. He paid for the goods and headed to his car. Still humming the song Amazing Grace, Bud tried to picture himself on a date with the Sally he had seen in the photograph. Bud saw himself opening the car door for Sally and telling her how nice she looked. He envisioned picking up the check and being the perfect gentleman—like he used to enjoy doing when he took Bunnie out to their favorite restaurant.
At the thought of Bunnie, Bud’s revelry was broken. He wondered if she was still out in the front yard. Had the police carted her off or had she broken into the house? He didn’t want to think about Bunnie. He wanted to go home and find his house—and front yard—sans Bunnie.
Bud drove home and was relieved to find that the front yard was devoid of all signs of Bunnie—even the pink underwear that had been waving from the saguaro cactus was gone. Bud carried Sheba upstairs to his bathroom. He set up her new dog bed and put out food and water, which Sheba finished.
Bud sat down on the bathroom floor and held Sheba in his lap. For a long time, Bud gently stroked her head and spoke to her in a comforting tone, telling her that everything was all right and that she was safe now. Her trembling subsided and Sheba lay in his arms, drowsy and calm.
After Sheba was asleep, Bud carefully placed her in her new bed and left the bathroom, leaving the door closed behind him.
Bud walked downstairs to the living room, where he planned to call Jenson. Instead, he sat down in his recliner with a sigh of pleasure. Bud said the Lord’s Prayer, paying attention to the words and exactly what each word meant. It was a beautiful prayer—and strong. Within moments, Bud had drifted into a sweet, dreamless sleep.
Bud awoke with a start, terrified at the sounds of a jarring pop song emanating from his crotch area. Confused, Bud dug into his pants pocket and pulled out an unfamiliar cell phone. For a moment, he stared at it, his mind a blank.
The memories came rushing back. Gabby had pressed her cell phone into his hand after she had rescued him. Bud struggled to remember what she had told him —something about Law & Order and —
Cowgirls?
Bud answered the call, but he remained silent. “Hello?” Gabby said, her voice cautious. “Hello?” Bud said, equally cautious.
“Is this—you?” Gabby said.
“Yeah,” Bud said, sitting up and noticing for the first time that it was dark. He wondered how long he’d been asleep.
“Where the hell are the police?” Gabby said, her voice shrill. “Why haven’t they arrested them yet?”
“I didn’t call the police,” Bud said. “What time is it?”
“What!” Gabby screeched into the phone.
Wincing, Bud yanked the phone from his ear. He leaned over and switched on the lamp and checked his watch. He’d been asleep for two hours. He could hear Gabby breathing hard, like she was trying not to have a conniption. Before she could speak, Bud said, “I’m going to the police station on 620 West Washington Street. I can meet you there in one hour.”
“Are you fucking crazy?” Gabby said. “We had a deal!”
“I need you there to corroborate my story,” Bud said. “You’re my witness.” “But you’re a policeman,” Gabby said. “They have to believe you!”
“If you want your husband and Trevor behind bars,” Bud said, “I need you to be at the station in one hour. Ask for Detective Jenson.”
“I want to be free,” Gabby said, “not get myself fucking killed.”
“Then be there.” Bud hung up before she could argue.
Within the hour, Bud was sitting in an interrogation room with Jenson. Bud related the entire story and Jenson stared at him with growing astonishment and horror.
When Bud was done, Jenson sat staring at Bud with a pained expression on his face.
“Buried alive? Gads.”
“Gads is right,” Bud said, eyeing Jenson’s newest outfit of key-lime-colored slacks paired with a shirt the color of soft butter. “They almost had me for not-so-spare parts. If it wasn’t for Gabby—I’d be toast.”
“God bless the cowgirls of Texas,” Jenson said with a smile. “I hope they deserve her.”
“It’s a strange thing,” Bud said, “owing my life to Gabby’s dream of a better life—with a cowgirl.”
Jenson was silent for several moments and then, his voice thick with emotion, he said, “Glad you made it out alive, Bud.”
Bud nodded, too moved to speak.
After several more moments, Jenson cleared his throat and said, “This Gabby—isn’t she supposed to be here by now?”
“She’ll be here,” Bud said, trying to sound more sure than he felt. Gabby was twenty minutes late and he was starting to wonder if something had gone wrong—or maybe he had miscalculated.
Jenson said, “If we get Gabby what she wants—you think she’ll rat out the whole bunch?” Jenson shook his head and said, “None of it means a bushel in a poke if she doesn’t show.”
Bud looked at his watch, his frown deepening. He couldn’t call Gabby because he had her phone.
Jenson said, “You think there’s a connection between the Espillito case and the two funeral homes?”
“There’s got to be,” Bud said firmly. “We get Gabby’s statement—” Jenson cocked his eyebrows questioningly.
Bud pulled out Gabby’s phone to make sure she hadn’t called. She hadn’t.
Bud said, “She risked her life—helping me escape. The easiest part of her day would be getting here.” Bud mentally worked through the possibilities. It could be as simple as she was having trouble finding the place or—
A chill went down Bud’s spine.
What if George or Trevor figured out that Gabby had helped Bud escape?
There was a knock on the door and they both jumped.
A policewoman escorted in Gabby, whose face was pinched white with anger. Gabby towered above Bud, pointing an accusatory finger at him. “You jackass!”
Bud stood up and grasped Gabby’s hands in his own, shocked at the strong emotions of gratitude that surged through him. He tried to speak, to thank her, but his voice was choked.
Gabby yanked her hand from his, her eyes furious. “This is the thanks I get? If those ding-wits find out I’m here – !”
Bud gave her what felt like a foolish smile, hoping that it would convey how grateful he was that she had saved his life.
Gabby’s eyes softened and, after a moment, she shook her head in disgust. “Men!” “Guilty,” Jenson said, standing up and holding out his hand with a winning smile. “Also a victim of my DNA, I’m afraid. Detective Jenson. May I call you Gabby?”
Ignoring Jenson’s outstretched hand, Gabby turned on Bud. “I want relocation! This is the thanks I get? I save your stinking life and you try to get me killed?”
Before Bud could speak, the door was flung open, bouncing off the wall with surprising ferocity.
Startled, they all turned.
Bram Wilson, his face dark with fury, stood in the doorway, glaring at Bud. In one stride, Bram was across the tiny room and nose-to-nose with Bud, who stood his ground.
Bram jabbed a finger into Bud’s chest. “You are in direct violation of your two-week suspension!”
Bud said, “I’m here as a civilian—filing an incident report.”
Bram scowled, not buying the story. He hooked his thumb at Gabby, “Who’s this?” Bud said, “Part of the incident.”
“In my office. Now!” Bram snapped as he turned on his heels to leave. “No,” Bud said, his voice even.
Bram whirled around, gaping at Bud in disbelief.
“I’m off the clock,” Bud said, surprised at how calm he sounded. Bram’s eyes narrowed. “In my office now—or you will be terminated.”
Bud lifted his chin. “Like I said, I’m here as a civilian—filing an incident report.”
Fast as a striking snake, Bram sprang forward and grabbed Bud’s arm. “What?” he said with a sneer. “The great detective Orlean—got mugged?”
In one smooth motion, Bud grasped Bram’s wrist and twisted it, forcing Bram into a violent spin that left Bram’s face pressed against the wall.
Bram gave off an inarticulate, strangled sound that sounded vaguely like a mewing calf.
Bud reached up and pushed Bram’s face harder into the wall—hard enough to shut him up, but not hard enough to break bones.
“Uumph!” Bram puffed out in what Bud supposed could be the strangled version of his name.
Bud released his grip and spun Bram around, pinning him to the wall so that they stood nose to nose.
Unable to move, Bram stared at Bud, his eyes wide with astonishment.
Bud could feel his eyes glow with something that had nothing to do with fear or nine-to-five jobs.
Bram sputtered out, “I—I’ll have your—your badge—!”
“You can take my badge,” Bud said in a low, dangerous voice, “and stick it where the sun don't shine.”
“You—!” Bram spat out as he tried to wriggle free.
Bud’s face twisted with an animalistic ferocity that made Bram involuntarily shrink back. “That’s right,” Bud said through clenched teeth. “I quit, asshole.”
Bram’s face went slack with shock.
Bud released his grip so suddenly that Bram staggered to the left, barely staying on his feet.
Bud turned and left. Shoulders back, chin up, Bud strode down the familiar hallway, feeling more powerful than he had felt in years. Bud had the sensation of transforming into someone he wasn’t sure he recognized anymore, but it sure as hell felt good.
Something his mother once said to him, that he hadn’t thought of in years, came back to him…
When you find yourself in strange waters, you might as well swim.
Bud left the building for what he knew would be the last time. For a swift moment, he felt a twinge of regret, but quicker than the feeling had come on—it was gone. Bud had understood that his career had come to a screeching halt the moment he shoved his boss’s face into the wall. Bigger than all his other thoughts, Bud could only feel grateful to be alive. Today could have been the last day of his life. Instead, the day was now the first day of the rest of his life.
Bud left the police station without looking back. He got into his car and was driving off the property when Gabby’s jangled pop song came from his pocket. Bud pulled out Gabby’s cell phone ring and saw that someone named Maude was calling Gabby. He threw the phone on the passenger seat, recalling that Gabby had told him that he needed to get in contact with a Scott who worked at Biomed Corporation.
Bud frowned, realizing that was the one piece of information that he had forgotten to tell Jenson. At a stoplight, Bud picked up Gabby’s phone and scrolled through her contacts until he found Scott’s information. Bud recognized Scott’s business address as one of the many commercial buildings surrounding the small Scottsdale Airport, which was known for catering to air travelers who preferred the red carpet treatment and waiting limos to the pesky TSA regulations of the much larger Phoenix International Airport. He might no longer be in the employ of the City of Phoenix, but he was going to help Jenson finish this one last case. He refused to let Bram take that away from him. Trevor had put him in a box and Bud planned to pay him back by putting him into a cell.
Bud decided that he would pay a visit to Scott in the morning. Scott could wait.
Sheba could not.
At the thought of Sheba, Bud realized that he was smiling. Both he and Sheba would benefit from a meal and a sound night’s sleep.
From his other pocket, Bud’s cell phone rang. Knowing it was probably Jenson checking up on him, he pulled it from his pocket and, without checking the caller identification, he answered it.
“Bud here,” he said, his smile broadening as he heard the smile in his voice. To his surprise, it wasn’t Jenson.
It was the last person he’d ever suspected would be calling him.

Chapter 28
Be very, very careful what you put into that head of yours, because you will never, ever get it out. Thomas Wolsey
Trapped in the slaughterhouse, hunted by men with guns and the sadistic doctor who had killed Mrs. Rivera, Enid stood, hesitating, in front of the mysterious metal door that she hoped would be her escape. She had unlocked the door, but hadn’t worked up the courage to open it.
Telling herself that nothing could be as bad as hiding in the belly of a dead cow or watching Mrs. Rivera getting cut open and murdered, Enid took a shaky breath, reached out, and cautiously pushed the door open.
The foul stench hit Enid’s nose like a brick wall. Before her eyes had adjusted to the dim light, she staggered backwards, gagging. Even through the bandage on her broken nose, she could smell the unmistakable stench of urine, sweat, and human feces.
Something cold brushed against her neck and, with a strangled scream, Enid lurched away from the thing, which took her deeper into the dimly lit room. Trembling, Enid forced herself to stand still and take stock of her surroundings. Squinting, she struggled to make out what was hiding in the shadows.
Like an electric shock, Enid realized that there were eyes staring back at her. For a split instant, Enid questioned her own sanity. Enid squeezed her eyes shut and then, willing herself to remain calm, she opened them again.
The eyes staring back at her were as real as her broken nose. Enid stood frozen, too terrified to move.
At least twenty sets of eyes in twenty filthy faces were huddled together like some low crouching animal that was cornered—and dangerous. Realization came to her —
They’re people!
The knowledge hit her like a jolt of electricity. Just as quickly, she realized that they were as terrified as she was, which sent her mind reeling with confusion.
They’re scared—of me?
Enid looked down at herself, wondering how they could possibly be scared of her and, to her horror, she saw that she was slick with cow’s blood and—filth.
A woman groaned.
Enid’s eyes snapped upward, but her legs refused to move. Her eyes had acclimated to the dim lighting and she saw that there was a group of at least twenty Mexicans who were huddled together on the floor.
The woman groaned again.
Enid saw her making the sign of the cross and muttering what had to be a prayer.
Hope sprang up in her as she realized that they were probably the doctor’s next victims and, therefore, her allies. Enid stepped forward, so excited that, when she tried to speak, all that came out of her was an inhuman croak.
A stocky man in filthy clothing broke loose from the group and, without warning, rushed at her. Before Enid could react, he gave her a brutal shove that sent her flying backwards. A searing pain went through Enid’s skull as she hit the cinder block wall.
Her ears ringing, Enid sat slumped in a place somewhere between blackness, dim lights and strange buzzing sounds.
Slowly, Enid came back to her senses. The first thing she realized was that she was lying on a cold, concrete floor. With a jolt, she realized that she must have passed out. Groaning, she sat up, rubbing the back of her aching head. She could feel a large knot and her fingers were sticky with blood. Surprised, she looked down and saw that her entire arm was coated with blood and everything came rushing back to her.
Enid remained where she was, not daring to move.
Giving her a wide berth, the group had come to life and they were moving past her and heading out the door with the stealthiness of hunted prey.
Finally, there was only one woman left in the room.
Enid looked up at her, feeling too confused and tired to move—or even ask for help.
The woman stared down at her, examining her with intelligent but wary eyes. Her clothes were smeared with grime, but Enid could just make out a T-shirt that said “take the Pepsi challenge.” The woman’s dark hair was pulled back in a single braid that lay lank over her scrawny shoulder.
To Enid’s surprise, the woman knelt down in front of her and looked into her eyes. Enid remained still, too frightened to move.
The woman hesitated, then pointed to her chest and whispered, “Maria.”
Enid let out a gasp of air, feeling as if she would weep with relief. Maria grabbed Enid and hauled her to her feet.
Gasping with the pain and suddenness of it, Enid’s legs went out from under her and she would have fallen, but Maria grabbed her around the waist to steady her.
Before Enid could speak—or think—Maria grabbed Enid’s hand and pulled her toward the door and down the hallway.
“Venga!” Maria hissed.
With what felt like superhuman effort, Enid struggled to keep up with her.
When they caught up to the others, Enid saw that the group was moving in a ragged line as they cautiously edged their way along the wall of the slaughterhouse, searching for a way out.
The man in front of them glanced back and, when he saw Enid, he glared furiously at Maria.
Maria, never letting go of Enid’s hand, hissed something so fierce that the argument was over before it began.
The area was flooded with light and Enid counted eight women and twelve men, including Maria. Enid wondered if they knew what the doctor was planning to do to them. Thinking of Mrs. Rivera, Enid began trembling so hard that Maria turned and gave her a concerned look.
Knowing that she couldn’t afford to be a burden, Enid gave her a tremulous smile. “I’m okay”
As if in silent agreement, everyone followed the stocky man who had shoved Enid into the wall. As he moved past one of the work stations that held a dead cow, he grabbed a butcher’s knife and indicated for the others to do the same.
Each man and all but one women grabbed whatever they could find that would work as a weapon. The killing floor offered a plethora of options—all of them straight out of a horror movie. Within minutes, almost everyone in the group was armed with a variety of weapons— sharpening steels, grinding tools, and oversized butcher’s knives.
Maria found a wicked-looking metal bar with a jagged tip. Enid had found a hammer, which felt strangely comforting in her hand.
From somewhere in front of them, a man laughed.
The group froze.
Heart pounding, Enid watched as Rick and Mo sauntered into sight like they were on a Sunday stroll—with automatic weapons.
Oblivious to the group hugging the wall, Rick took a drag of his cigarette and said to Mo,
“There’s no fucking kid, I tell you. Doc is playing one of his sick games—testing us. He’s one demented bastard. Remember the time—”
The woman who had been making the sign of the cross let out a ragged sob. Rick and Mo’s heads snapped in the group’s direction.
As if in slow motion, Enid watched as Rick and Mo’s eyes widened and their faces drained of color.
Five men from the group sprang forward, rushing at Mo, who was the closest to them, with their makeshift weapons.
Three Mexican men swarmed over Mo, who went down like a sack of grain. Using their weapons, they pummeled Mo into a cowering bloody pulp.
Rick swung his gun into position and fired. Bullets ripped into the two men who were rushing at him.
The first man screamed and reeled backwards as blood sprayed into the air. Another man collapsed down in a silent heap, suffused in blood.
Terrified, Enid darted behind a pile of pallets. Crouching down, she looked out and saw that the stocky man from their group, who hadn’t been hit, was locked in a hand-to-hand battle with Rick—for the gun.
Enid glanced around and was surprised to see that the rest of the group were scattered.
Anyone who hadn’t attacked Rick and Mo were nowhere to be seen.
Mo lay on the floor, twitching and whimpering.
The three men who had attacked Mo had been sprayed with Rick’s bullets. They were on the concrete around Mo, one trying to crawl to safety as the other two lay bleeding out, dead or dying.
The two men who had come at Rick were also down and done for.
The stocky man was not only alive, but he was grappling with Rick, trying to wrest the gun from Rick’s grip.
Rick let out a bellow and, with stunning force, brought the barrel of his gun upward, slamming it under the stocky man’s jaw.
The stocky man released his grip and staggered backwards. The sudden release of the gun sent it flying from Rick’s grasp. The gun hit the concrete and went clattering until it skittered to a stop.
Without thinking, Enid made a run for the gun, which was about twenty feet away. As she passed Mo, who lay in a bloody, unmoving heap, his hand shot out and grabbed Enid’s ankle in a jerking, convulsive movement that caused Enid to tumble forward. She hit the floor with a painful jolt that knocked the air out of her. For a moment, she lay unmoving and stunned.
Mo made an inarticulate sound. Enid looked at him.
Mo’s face was raw meat. His remaining one eye that was still in its socket wordlessly pleaded with her for help.
Without realizing it, Enid gave a brief shake of her head.
Mo’s one eye filled with tears and a gurgling sob tore from his throat.
Enid turned her attention toward the gun and, to her horror, she saw that Rick was between her and the gun. Luckily, Rick’s back was toward her and his attention was focused on the stocky man, who was down on one knee. With a dazed expression, the stocky man got unsteadily to his feet.
Rick sprang at the stocky man and stuck his six-inch knife deep into his chest.
Eyes wide in disbelief, the stocky man stared down at the knife’s handle that protruded from his chest. He grasped the handle and yanked it free, so that a thick stream of blood shot outward. He opened his mouth to speak—or scream—but only gurgled blood came out.
As if mesmerized, Enid watched as the stocky man sank to his knees and slowly crumpled forward, clutching his chest as if trying to staunch the flow that would not stop. Feeling faint and sick, Enid closed her eyes in an attempt to not pass out. Her face, pressed to the cold floor, helped her.
I have to get the gun.
Thinking her eyes were shut for only a mere instant, Enid opened her eyes and was shocked to see that Rick had retrieved the gun and it was pointed at her.
Enid lay stretched out, belly down, next to the dying Mo.
Rick’s eyes quickly darted over her, Mo and the dead and dying men.
Mo reached a trembling hand toward Rick and made a horrible sound as he tried to speak. Rick stared at Mo and, for a moment, Enid thought that Rick was going to cry.
Rick threw his head back and howled out, “Fuckin’ beaners! Mother fuckers! You will pay for this!”
Enid covered her ears, not recognizing the pathetic sounds coming from her as her own. From where she lay, she saw Rick’s shoes moving closer to her. Enid went silent, thinking that if she didn’t move, maybe he would think she was dead and leave her alone.
Rick came within two feet and stared down at Enid. “You’re the girl.”
Enid didn’t look up. She shut her eyes and kept her face pressed to the floor. “Get up,” Rick said in a voice that couldn’t be ignored.
Enid slowly and painfully climbed to her feet. She was trembling so hard that her teeth were chattering.
Rick looked at her, surveyed the massacre and shook his head in disgust. “Fuck.” Enid stared at Rick’s gun, which he held loosely in his hands and —
It’s not pointed at me anymore.
Enid stared at him in surprise as his eyes flicked past her, dismissing her like she was nothing—like she was —
Just a girl.
Enid’s lips turned upward into what was almost a smile, but she wiped it from her face.
She kept the hammer behind her leg, hidden from view. Enid could hardly keep the hope from her face as she realized that Rick had mentally dismissed her—
He thinks I’m just a girl!
Rick shouted, “Get out here, you dick wipes! God damn it, get your fuckin’ asses out here!”
No one came forward.
Playing the part of a terrified girl, Enid began to loudly sob. “Mister,” Enid said in a pathetic voice, “please—can you help me? I’m just a kid!”
Rick looked at her with a strange light in his eyes. “I guess I get Mo’s portion for finding you.”
Enid sobbed, feigning childish helplessness. “I’m just a girl,” she whined.
“Get over there,” Rick said, gesturing for Enid to step aside. “I gotta get these fuckers back in the pen.”
Sobbing, Enid nodded and gave him an overly grateful look, but she didn’t move. From under lowered lashes, Enid watched Rick as he stepped forward, craning his neck to look around.
For as long as she would live, Enid would never forget the sound of her hammer punching a hole into the top of Rick’s skull—or the sight of the inside of his head exploding upward into a scarlet blossom of blood, brains and bone.
For one instant, Rick’s eyes had found hers. His eyes were wide with something more than surprise—it was actual wonder.
Enid could almost hear his final thoughts —
“She’s just a girl.”
Rick was at her feet, the hammer planted deep within his shattered skull. Enid was vaguely aware of activity. People crowded around her. Someone grabbed Rick’s gun. Enid felt Maria’s presence, like a guardian angel by her side, protecting her from everything—even her own actions.
There was the unmistakable sounds of rattling chains as a distant freight door opened.
From somewhere up ahead, a man shouted, “Rick! What the fuck is going on?”
Two men came into view. They had been running, but when they saw the carnage, they both skidded to a halt. They weren’t dressed like Rick or Mo. These two men wore jeans and flannel shirts—and they had no guns.
One man let out a yelp of surprise and then sprinted down one of the aisles of cows and disappeared. Frozen to the spot, the remaining man reacted too late.
Everyone but Enid swarmed toward him. The woman who had let out the ragged sob earlier broke free from the group and reached him first.
Enid turned aside, not wanting to see, but she could hear. Covering her ears to try to drown out the nightmare sounds, Enid went to the wall and leaned her forehead against the rough coolness.
Within less than a minute, Maria had taken her hand and they were all running. They reached the open freight doors, and Enid felt too numb to feel anything more than a vague relief.
Struggling to keep up, Enid felt herself being dragged along in Maria’s iron grasp as they ran through the almost deserted parking lot. Reaching the exit that stood open and inviting, they raced onto a moonlit road that shone like a black ribbon winding its way through the desert. In the distant horizon, Enid could see a dull yellow upside-down bowl of hazy lights that had to be Phoenix. In every other direction, the sky was dark and speckled with stars. Only Phoenix was big enough to blot out the night stars.
A half a mile down the road, exhausted, the whole group slowed.
Enid kept walking down the road, but Maria jerked her to a stop with a frown. Enid looked at her, confused.
Maria shook her head and pointed toward the desert.
Enid stared in shock as she watched everyone in the group, one by one, disappear into the desert.
Enid stepped back, eyeing the strangely ominous forest of cacti-looking trees that looked like a legion of ancient sorrowful creatures who had been magically frozen in time. The full moon shone down, illuminating miles and miles of the alien landscape that stretched out before them.
Each tree had heavy arms, some reaching to the sky and some twisting down to the earth, and each arm was studded with dagger-like spines.
Enid shivered and wrapped her arms around herself. She could feel a palpable energy coming from them and it was pressing down on her, oppressive and unyielding, as if each tree were issuing a dire warning for her to not disturb their solitude. The cacti-trees were as mysterious as they were beautifully terrifying.
It was a Joshua tree forest.
Enid had only ever seen the Joshua trees from the highway—from the inside of a fast-moving car. She had been safely trapped in the bubble of Jack’s car and she remembered that she had admired the unusual beauty of the Joshua trees, but, as soon as they had passed the forest, she had forgotten them. Now that she was up close and personal, Enid knew that she did not belong here.
Enid opened her mouth to protest, but harsh lights flooded the outside of the slaughterhouse.
Maria gave Enid an imploring look and then darted into the desert, her figure disappearing between the Joshua trees as effectively as if they had swallowed her down in one greedy gulp.
Enid hesitated, but when she heard voices—his voice, Enid bolted toward the hole of darkness that Maria had disappeared into. Within moments, Enid found herself in another world.
Confused and scared, Enid stopped, not seeing anything but the outlines of Joshua trees looming above her. Twenty feet ahead of where she stood, Enid saw a ghost flitting deeper into the clutches of the Joshua tree forest.
Maria.
Enid sprang forward and a wickedly long spine from one of the Joshua trees tore open her cheek.
Enid didn’t cry out.
She ignored the taste of blood in her mouth. She was past tears.
She was an animal—all instinct—
Hunted.

Chapter 29
Under this window in stormy weather I marry this man and woman together; Let none but Him who rules the thunder, Put this man and woman asunder. Jonathan Swift
As he drove toward the prison, Jack reminded himself for what felt like the millionth time why he was marrying Eve—
To save the baby.
The irony wasn’t lost on him. Jack didn’t give a damn about babies. As far as he knew, he’d never gotten any woman pregnant—except Enid’s mother, which he hadn’t known about until the past year. The last thing he needed—or wanted—was another kid.
Eve had promised that if he did this thing—then she wouldn’t kill the baby. He didn’t trust her. She was probably lying, but for the life of him, Jack couldn’t fathom why Eve wanted to marry him. It wasn’t because she needed somebody to take care of the baby—she had enough money to hire a fleet of Mary Poppinses.
Why me?
Jack knew that Eve didn’t love him. The whole thing was probably her idea of a sick joke. He wondered if she would stick to her side of the bargain. If she didn’t—it didn’t matter. All he could do was what he could do, and anything after that was out of his control. Maybe it would be better if she didn't stick to the bargain and the baby was never born. God knows, life wasn’t easy and bringing a baby into the world was—
Jack sighed in frustration. All his mental masturbations didn’t make a damn bit of difference. The wedding was happening. He had less then twenty minutes. For better or worse— and Jack was damned sure it’d be for worse—he was going to dunk his balls in molten lead, man-up and get the fuck married.
As for anything that happened after that, he would just have to wait and see how the shit hit the fan. Jack arrived at the prison and, with a heavy heart, he parked the car and trudged to the entrance, where the smell of institutional disinfectant assaulted him, causing his stomach to turn over with a sickening jolt. He pulled nervously at his collar, which hid the bruises on his neck, wondering if the good warden was going to treat him to an encore performance of attempted murder by strangulation.
Jack worked his way through security. He turned over all his personal effects and a guard escorted him to a visitor’s room. The only barrier on the table was a ping-pong net-like piece of dirty plastic that divided the table in half. Jack took a seat and stared glumly at the empty chair that faced him.
He glanced at the clock on the wall, which read 3:00 o’clock.
A thought flashed through his mind. His ex-wife, Stella, had harbored a fear of the 3:00 o’clock hour. The only religion she had ever believed in was that Jesus died on the cross at 3:00 o’clock in the afternoon. She also believed that 3:00 o’clock in the morning was the “witching hour” and that demons from hell were free to roam the earth. More particularly, her bedroom. Every time that Jack had gotten up to go to the bathroom in the night, she would wake up, check her clock and, if it was 3:00 o’clock, she would cling to him, refusing to let him go until at least ten minutes after the hour.
Of course, Stella was a nut-job.
A door on the opposite side of the room opened and a guard entered. Eve walked in like she was royalty. Carrying the weight of the baby, Eve didn’t move as gracefully or as swiftly as he remembered, but it didn’t matter. Leave it to her not to get cankles!
As always, Eve’s beauty hit Jack like a hammer.
Eve eased into the seat, almost primly.
Jack’s eyes were drawn to hers and he felt a stab of pain. Her eyes were the same clear jaguar-green that he so vividly remembered, but her face was made softer with the slight swelling that came with being pregnant. One pale hand rested on her belly and she gazed at him with a look that seemed —
Disappointed?
“You came,” Eve said, her voice indecipherable.
Jack swallowed hard, resisting the urge to speak. A part of him wanted to call her bluff, but there was a hard knot of fear in his gut that kept him silent. Against his wish, Jack found himself staring into her green eyes as if the answers to his questions lay there. Deep down, he knew that Eve had a rock-solid reason for forcing him to marry her—and that fact is exactly what kept his gut twisting with dread. Jack had learned the hard way that Eve didn’t so much as twitch a facial muscle unless she had a reason. Eve’s philosophy might be twisted, but Jack was sure that, in her mind, it was logical. He was also sure that she had an end game that would make his blood run cold.
The warden, Garrett DaRoss, entered the room, and, at the sight of the man who had almost strangled him to death, Jack’s face flushed an ugly red as he clenched his fists with impotent rage.
Garrett gave a knowing sneer, eyeing the bruises that were just visible above his Jack’s collar. “Bow tie incident?”
“Yeah,” Jack said, “I pulled out a dollar and your mom got a little too excited.” It was Garrett’s turn to flush an ugly red.
Jack shot Eve a glance in time to see her examining his bruises with shrewd interest. He gave her a hard “don’t tell me you don’t know what happened” look and she returned it with an innocent shrug that might have fooled the Pope himself, but Jack wasn’t the Pope and he wasn’t buying it.
Eve’s attorney, Danny, walked into the room, followed by another man who was carrying a Bible. “Mr. Fox,” Danny said, gesturing to the man with the Bible, “this is Peter Heiffer. He’ll be—”
“Performing the knot-tying crime,” Jack said, unable to keep the bitter edge from his voice. He eyed the man in black, with his watery eyes and a scanty comb-over.
Peter’s fingers fumbled with the oversized Bible as his eyes darted nervously between Garrett, Jack and Eve.
Danny stepped forward and placed a sheaf of paperwork on the table in front of Jack. “Mr. Fox, these are legal formalities that will facilitate—”
“Facilitate this,” Jack said, giving him the one-finger salute even as he silently cursed himself for not having better control over his emotions.
Not offended, Danny gave Eve a bemused “you were right” look.
Eve gave a slight nod of her chin, indicating for Danny to back off, which he did. Eve said to Jack, “I’m ready if you are.”
Peter looked at Garrett, unsure, but Garrett gestured for him to start.
Peter nervously cleared his throat and opened the Bible to a tabbed page. “Will the bride and the groom please join hands—”
“Against regulations,” Garrett said, his voice rough with anger.
Jack looked at Garrett, curious. His voice was edged with more than anger. He sounded— jealous. Jack followed the direction of Garrett’s eyes, which were gloomily aimed at Eve. Jack shook his head, hooking his thumb at Garrett and said to Eve, “I get the wedding and this bozo gets the honeymoon, is that it?”
Furious, Garrett made a move toward Jack, but Danny jumped forward, stepping in front of the Jack protectively.
Breathing hard, the warden stared at Danny incredulously.
Danny met his eyes evenly. “The last thing you ever need, warden,” he said in an overly friendly voice, “is an attorney and a justice of the peace—as witnesses.”
After a long moment, Garrett reluctantly nodded and stepped back. Glaring at Jack, he cracked his knuckles menacingly.
“Warden,” Eve said.
Everyone turned to look at her.
Eve smiled politely. “Can we get on with it?”
Her words seemed to have a magical effect on Garrett, and he reverted to his most professional demeanor. “Of course.” Garrett gestured for Peter to continue the ceremony.
“Yes, of course,” Peter said, flustered. He hesitated and began again, “Today, we celebrate one of life’s greatest joys—”
Jack made a derisive sound.
“Fox!” Garrett snapped. “You want out?”
Jack smiled contemptuously. “Nothing would please me more, Garrett, than marrying your—” Jack hesitated, searching for the perfect insult when he remembered one of Enid’s better descriptions of Eve, “walking skank-bag of vermin-ridden STD infestation.” Jack looked away, half expecting to be tackled by Garrett, but nothing happened.
After a long silence, Danny said, “Peter?”
For the next five minutes, Jack listened as Peter assaulted his brain with meaningless phrases about love, sickness, and health. With a speed that left his head spinning, the words ended and Jack had to be asked twice before he was able to choke out the words, “I do.”
Jack was startled to hear Eve’s voice, clear as an echoing bell, chiming, “I do.” Peter said, “I now pronounce you husband and wife.”
Jack stared blankly at Eve, who was staring at him with eyes that were sharp with arrogant triumph. Jack opened his mouth to say something cutting, but Danny interrupted him by placing a marriage certificate on the table in front of him.
“Sign,” Danny said.
Jack stared at the marriage certificate, knowing this was his last chance to escape. If he refused to sign, all of Peter’s three-dollar words would mean nothing.
Danny held out a pen.
Jack hesitated, then took the pen and, with a shaking hand, he signed the contract. Danny took the marriage certificate and placed it in front of Eve.
Jack’s eyes followed the flow of black ink as Eve signed her name, noticing that the ‘V’s in her signature looked like daggers.
Peter wished them an awkward “best wishes” and left the room.
Garrett took the marriage certificate from Eve and stared at it, as if looking for evidence that it wasn’t real. Without looking at anyone, Garrett threw the marriage certificate on the table, turned, and left the room.
Danny stood for a moment as if wanting to say something, but Eve dismissed him with a queenly gesture.
For a moment, Danny looked unsure but, with a sigh, he turned and left. With the exception of the guard at the door, Jack and Eve were alone.
Jack sat in silence, determined to make her speak first, in the hopes that he could get some clue to what was her real motive for forcing him to marry her.
Eve grinned and said, “Vegas odds had Katherine flushed faster than a turd.” Startled, Jack said, “Katherine?”
“As in Katherine the Great, except spelled with a “K,”“ Eve said, patting her belly. “I have high hopes for our spawn.”
“I thought it was Elizabeth?” Jack said, feeling his skin crawl even as he felt a sharp jab of disappointment. What had he expected? A profession of love?
“Woman’s prerogative,” Eve said, “to change her mind, that is.”
“We made a deal,” Jack said grimly. “I kept my end of the bargain. You won’t kill it.” “It’s not an it,” Eve said. “It’s a Katherine.”
Jack hesitated and, when he spoke, his voice was not what he would have liked it to be. “You won’t—kill—Katherine?”
Eve shrugged. “She’ll live to fight another day.”
After a long moment and, against his better judgment, Jack said, “I don’t understand—why?”
Eve gave a mirthless laugh, “Always the detective.” After a moment, she gave him a shrewd look and said, “Have you found out who killed Frank Ficus?”
“You killed Frank,” Jack said, startled by the turn in conversation. Frank Ficus was one of the three people she was accused of murdering, along with her step-sister, Jeni, and her step-father, Daniel Hargrove.
Eve shook her head, playing at disappointed. “I gave you more credit for intelligence than what you’re showing me.”
Jack stared at her, not wanting to fall into any traps. After a moment, Jack smiled sweetly and said, “Honey?”
Eve’s eyes widened in surprise.
“For a wedding gift,” Jack said, his voice unnaturally sweet, “I want a divorce.”
Eve laughed. “You always could make me laugh, Jack. Usually with how stupid you are, but you do have your moments.” Eve let out a cry of pain and doubled over, her hand gripping the right side of her belly.
Jack jumped to his feet, scared. “Are you—?”
The guard moved to Eve’s side and said, “Hargrove?” Eve straightened, her face white. “It’s—I’m fine.”
Jack sat down, sick at the thought that there was another person at the table. Eve was right—it wasn’t an it—it was their baby—a little mystery bundle of DNA named Katherine. He winced at the thought that the child would carry his name—Katherine Fox.
Eve drew back her right fist and sent a vicious punch into the right side of her own belly. Jack jumped up, alarmed. “What the—!”
Eve gazed up at Jack, her eyes gleaming with malice. “Our little cage-fighter, Katherine, kicks like it’s personal.”
“Jesus—” Jack said, turning to the guard for help.
The guard was looking in the other direction like he’d suddenly been paid to be oblivious. “Don’t worry, Jackie-boy,” Eve said. “Katherine can take a punch.”
Jack slowly sat down, eyeing Eve warily. “The deal is you don’t kill the baby, which means you don’t hurt her either.”
“I half hoped you wouldn’t show,” Eve said. “I was getting eager to teach Katherine some manners.”
“For what?” Jack said. “Stretching her legs?”
Eve patted her belly and said, “We’ve got a wildcat on our hands.”
Jack strived to keep a semblance of a poker face as he struggled for something to say.
Eve said, “Danny will meet you in the parking lot. He’s got some more paperwork for you to sign.”
“I did all the signing I’m going to do today,” Jack said, feeling back on solid ground.
“Call it my wedding gift,” Eve said. She waved for the guard and he promptly came to her side like he’d suddenly grown eyeballs. With a grimace, Eve stood up and began following the guard to the door.
Before he could stop himself, Jack called out, “Eve!”
Eve turned, gazing at him questioningly.
Jack wanted to say something, but there weren’t words invented for what he wanted to say to her.
In a gentle voice, Eve said, “Don’t worry your pretty little head about it, dear. It will all come to pass, then you’ll understand.”
Jack’s eyes met hers, and he was horrified to see that she read him like a cheap dime-store novel. She always had. Nothing had changed—except that everything had changed.
Eve shook her head, pityingly. “You poor dumb fuck.” Eve turned her back on him and headed toward the door.
Jack gazed at her ungainly figure that still somehow held power over him. He felt a deep sorrow open up inside of him, knowing that if she had just been a human being with half a heart, he would have loved her forever.
Eve stopped and turned so quickly that she caught the look in Jack’s eyes. Humiliated, Jack scowled and wiped the look of longing from his face, but not fast enough.
Eve gave him a wicked grin, “Remember what the man with the oversized book said—till death do us part.”
A cold shiver ran down Jack’s spine. He watched as Eve disappeared through the metal door. Jack took a deep breath and reminded himself—she was locked up. They’d find her guilty and she’d get life. Jack told himself all these things, but he couldn’t stop the fist of fear inside his heart that was clenching and unclenching relentlessly.
Like an automaton, Jack went through the motions of following the guard, collecting his items from the locker, and signing out. He left the building and was accosted by the bright Arizona sunshine and a perky blonde who shoved a microphone into his startled face. Behind her were a slew of reporters and cameramen that surged toward him like a human wave.
The perky blonde said, “Jack Fox, you just married Eve Hargrove. How do you feel?”
It was so stupid that Jack almost laughed. He was already planning his escape route when the perky blonde surprised him. With a metal rail to Jack’s left and the burly cameraman to his right, the perky blonde planted her tiny frame in front of him, knowing that he would most likely be too polite to physically push her aside—and she was correct.
Jack hesitated, which was his undoing.
It was Perky’s signature move. Her expert blocking plus her hand-picked, damn-near ESP cameraman is what made her the top anchor in Phoenix. And Phoenix, in Perky’s mind, was a dusty cowtown pebble stuck in the tread of her hiking boots on her relentless climb to the Big Time where she intended to crush the current blonde-bimbo, flavor-of-the-month anchor like she was a ninety-nine cent bag of pop-rocks.
Perky got so close to Jack that he could make out the minuscule scars from her recent botox injections lining the outside of her lips. She pushed the microphone into his face. “Mr. Fox, why did you marry Eve Hargrove, who is currently doing time for triple homicide? Do you love her?”
Jack realized, too late, that Perky and the cameraman had him cornered between the metal rail and a wall, barring any retreat back into the prison. Jack scanned the area, looking for his way out. Behind Perky was a was a semi-circle of uncannily good-looking news anchors, each teamed with a weirdly ugly cameraman—or woman. They were moving on him like a pack of hungry dogs who had been thrown a slab of raw meat.
Perky’s eyes were gleaming with determination as she pounded him with question after question, her voice dominating the growing clamor behind her.
Jack gripped the rail and made his move to jump over, but Perky anticipated him. She threw her tiny body between him and the railing, blocking him. As Perky pushed the microphone into his face and opened her mouth to speak, Jack pretended to stumble. He jammed his foot under Perky’s four-inch heel, hoping that it would look like an accident on any future YouTube videos.
Perky stumbled to her left, desperately trying to keep her balance.
“Sorry!” Jack said, reaching out to steady her. He did steady her, but he also “moved” her out of his way and managed to jam her tiny body between him and the cameraman.
“Hey!” Perky said, her eyes snapping with anger.
Jack lunged through the space that he had created and jumped over the rail, landing on the gravel.
From the corner of his eye, he saw reporters scrambling down the steps and coming after him.
A hand gripped his arm.
Jack balled his hands into fists, ready to fight, but when he looked up, he saw Danny’s eyes gleaming at him like a conspirator.
Danny jerked his head toward a black Lincoln parked on the road. “Get to the Lincoln.” Jack jerked his arm from Danny’s grip and, just as the reporters came down on them, Danny did a Tasmanian-devil, whirlwind maneuver that left Jack free to make a run for it.
With a sinking heart, Jack realized that his best bet was to do exactly what Danny said— get to the Lincoln.
From behind him, Jack heard Danny reel off a line of impressive legal jargon that halted several of his pursuers. Jack ran toward the Lincoln and, when a male anchor with perfect hair jumped in front of him and tried to shove a microphone into his face, Jack zig-zagged past him. As if by magic, a chauffeur appeared and held open the door of the black Lincoln.
Jack dove in.
The door shut behind him and Jack found himself encased within the protective bubble of shaded windows and slippery leather Lincoln seating. Jack scowled, wondering which was worse—getting stuck in a Lincoln with Eve’s hired-help lawyer or having to deal with Perky.
A thought occurred to him and he frowned. He wondered if Eve was somehow behind it—the press being here, corralling him into the backseat of her lawyer’s car.
It feels like a set-up.
The chauffeur, a 28-year-old white man, slid into the front seat. His oversized muscles bulged against his short-sleeved shirt to the point of looking like he was wearing tourniquets. The chauffeur turned around, grinning. He had a surprisingly sweet baby face that was in stark contrast to his Hulk-like muscular build. His right front tooth was capped in gold and he sported an award-winning smile. “I’m Virgil.”
Jack turned from Virgil’s gaze and eyed the reporters who surrounded the Lincoln, shouting questions at the closed window separating them from their prey. Jack watched as Danny maneuvered his way through the reporters and, with a struggle, opened the door and slid in.
Jack eyed him distrustfully. “Let’s go, V,” Danny said.
Virgil expertly edged the Lincoln forward, carefully avoiding running down several slow-moving reporters.
“Parasites,” Danny said, shaking his head at the reporters. “That’s funny,” Jack said sarcastically, “coming from a lawyer.” “Attorney,” Danny said, turning to him with a polite smile.
Jack said, “The difference being the zeros, I suppose?”
Grinning, Virgil turned around and said, “I get it! Like in six-figure zeros, huh?” Virgil turned back to the road and jerked his thumb back at Jack. “This guy’s got brains—just like you said.”
Danny said to Virgil, “What I said was that I hope he has brains. We’ll find out quick enough.”
Jack said, “You can drop me at my car.”
Danny shook his head. “The reporters have your car staked out. Besides, you don’t need it anymore.”
Jack shot him a look, too irritated to give him the satisfaction of asking any questions.
Danny opened his briefcase and pulled out the sheaf of legal paperwork that he had tried to get Jack to sign in the prison. “I can assure you, Mr. Fox, that it is in your best interest to sign.”
Ignoring the proffered paperwork, Jack said, “Drop me at—”
Danny gently placed the sheaf of papers in Jack’s lap. “Have your attorney look it over and you’ll see—”
Virgil grinned into the rearview mirror. “Sweet deal, dude!”
Jack threw the paperwork at Danny. “How fucking stupid do you think I am?”
Danny examined him, that same bemused expression on his face. “Are you purposefully being stupid or is this an example of what I’m going to be dealing with?”
Jack leaned forward and said to Virgil, “You can stop up here—or I will stop this car for you.”
Virgil stared at him in the rearview mirror, his face screwed up like a puzzled pug. Danny said to Jack, “If you haven’t figured it out yet—it’s a slow news week and you are it. Everybody wants to know about the guy who married the woman who butchered half her family.”
“Considering I didn’t know I was getting married until yesterday,” Jack said, “how the hell did every fucking news agency in town find out? You wouldn’t happen to know something about that, would you, Danny?”
“I leaked it to them,” Danny said matter-of-factly. “Pay now, pay later. Might as well get the fireworks over with.”
“Stop the car,” Jack said to Virgil.
“You play the lotto, Mr. Fox?” Danny said. “Because you just won.” Grinning, Virgil said, “You stepped in it, man!”
Danny said, “You married an extremely wealthy woman, Jack.”
Exasperated, Jack said, “I don’t give a shit how rich—”
“Eve Hargrove is not rich,” Danny said, his voice full of disdain at the insult. “Eve Hargrove is wealthy—”
Virgil said, “You just got some serious fuck-you money, brother!”
“Virgil,” Danny said with an admonishing look, “this is what I was referring to when we had that talk.”
“Sorry, boss,” Virgil said with a frown, He glued his eyes back on the road.
Danny turned to Jack and said, “As Virgil so eloquently stated, Mr. Fox, you are now an extremely wealthy man.”
Jack said, “She must think I’m six shades of dumb-ass if she thinks—”
“The money coming to you from your wife will come in quite handy for paying delinquent bills,” Danny said with a knowing smile.
Jack shot him a sharp look. “The ink won’t be dry on that marriage certificate before I file for divorce.”
Danny said, “Five-hundred thousand dollars each and every month. And that’s just your mad-money.”
It was several moments before Jack realized that his jaw was hanging open. He snapped it shut. “I don’t want her money. Not one fucking cent of it. She killed—” He was about to say “Jeni,” but stopped himself, remembering that Jeni would still be alive if it wasn’t for him breaking his promise to her. Like always, his stomach twisted with self-recrimination and guilt.
Danny reached into his briefcase and pulled out another contract. “I always carry a spare.
As soon as you sign this, you are the proud owner of eighteen cars, one yacht and three homes: Scottsdale, Paris, and Hong Kong.”
Virgil’s fist flew up and he air-pumped it, “Hong-fucking-Kong!” Ignoring Virgil’s outburst, Danny kept his eyes fastened on Jack. The Lincoln was stopped in traffic at 24th Street and Camelback.
“Danny,” Jack said, “I’ve had better offers from two-dollar hookers.” Pleased with Danny’s surprised expression, Jack got out of the car.
Danny followed him out of the car. “Virgil will take you anywhere you want to go, but I highly recommend that you avoid your home and office. I’ve arranged a place for you and your daughter to stay for the next week. It’s very discreet and the press won’t find you—as long as you keep a low profile. As far as the parasites are concerned, it will be as if you disappeared into thin air. And I think you and your daughter will be pleasantly surprised with your accommodations.”
Jack said, “I don’t—”
Danny held up his hand. “Mr. Fox, you don’t understand, this is not my Lincoln. This is your Lincoln. Virgil will take you anywhere you want to go.”
“It’s a set-up,” Jack said with a scowl, “and I’m not buying your bullshit!” Danny said, “Virgil is yours, too. He’s expensive, but he’s worth it.” Grinning, Virgil called out, “I don’t do windows, boss.”
Danny said, “One of the stipulations, page 27, is that, once you sign the contract, I am your attorney. I look forward to working with you, Mr. Fox.”
Jack stepped back from Danny’s outstretched hand, his scowl deepening. He could feel Eve trying to seduce him into her world, which made him want to punch Danny in the face.
Danny said, “Sign the paperwork, Mr. Fox, and it’s all yours.”
“Go to hell!” Jack said.
Danny opened his mouth to speak, but Jack was already gone. Danny stood a moment, watching Jack as he bounded across the street, which was starting to move again with traffic. Behind them, car horns blared.
Danny jerked open the driver’s door and hooked his thumb, indicating for Virgil to get Virgil got out and Danny took his place in the driver’s seat. Danny pointed after Jack, out.
“You see what I see, Virgil?”
“What?” Virgil said, confused.
“Your 401K, your health insurance, your paycheck—”
Virgil didn’t hear the last of it—he was hauling ass after Jack.

Chapter 30
We know what we are but know not what we may be. William Shakespeare
Bud glanced down at his cell phone and was startled to see Jack Fox’s name. Bud frowned. He hadn’t heard from Jack in months—not since the arrest of Eve Hargrove. Bud had made several attempts to keep up the tentative friendship that they had begun, but he’d gotten the hint when Jack hadn’t bothered to return his phone calls. Bud rubbed his neck and wondered why Jack was calling him now.
Probably needs a favor.
Bud considered letting the call go to messaging, but his curiosity got the better of him. He answered the phone and said, “Bud here.”
“I need your help,” Jack said.
“I’m fine, Jack,” Bud said, “and how are you?” “I’m in a jam,” Jack said, his voice terse.
Bud’s smile faded. Something in Jack’s voice told him that it was serious.
Within ten minutes, Bud was pulling into the underground parking lot behind the movie theater on 24th Street and Camelback. Per Jack’s request, Bud parked on the bottom level by the west stairwell and waited. Within seconds, Jack came bounding toward his car, looking like he was being pursued by a pack of wolves.
Bud unlocked the passenger door and Jack jumped in. “Go!” Jack said.
Bud opened his mouth to speak, but a man with more muscles than a Red Lobster special came thundering out of the exit. Bud saw a flash of gold tooth as the muscle-man yelled something.
Jack slapped his hand on the dashboard. “Go!”
Bud tore out, the screech of tires echoing noisily in the underground structure. Jack was turned around in his seat, watching the huge man pounding after them.
Bud looked in the rearview mirror and was relieved to see the gold-tooth pursuer losing ground fast. “Nothing slower than a guy weighed down with muscles,” Bud said. “It’s the skinny ones you have to worry about.”
“He did okay. Chased me like I was his next paycheck,” Jack said, slumping down in the seat. “What a lousy fucking fucked-up day!”
“You’re welcome,” Bud said wryly, thinking that there was nothing that happened to Jack that could compare to almost being buried alive.
Jack shot him a look. “Thanks, Bud. I owe you.”
“Just so I can testify to the Grand Jury that I at least asked,” Bud said, “I’m not aiding and abetting any illegal activities, am I? Please feel free to disabuse me of this notion if I am incorrect.”
“Nothing illegal,” Jack said. “Just a bad day gone completely off the rails.”
“Twenty dollars says that my bad day trumped your bad day,” Bud said.
Jack gave a bitter laugh. “In case you haven’t been watching the news—I got married today—to Eve Hargrove.”
Bud laughed. When Jack didn’t laugh with him, Bud shot him a look. “You’re joking, right?”
“Hey!” Jack said, pointing to the sharp turn in the narrow exit.
Bud jerked the wheel, barely missing the wall. “Who was that guy?” Bud said, hooking his thumb over his shoulder. “Virgil,” Jack said. “Virgil?”
“Virgil the chauffeur,” Jack said. “Whose chauffeur?” Bud said, frowning. “Not mine,” Jack said.
Bud laughed. “I didn’t figure that.”
Jack said, “You wouldn’t happen to have a spare bedroom that I could invite myself to sleep in tonight?”
Bud’s eyes narrowed as he eyed Jack’s neck. “What happened to your neck?”
Jack scowled, flicked at his crumpled collar. “Cut myself shaving.” “With what? A chainsaw?” Bud said.
“How ‘bout a beer?” Jack said. “I could use a beer.”
“Does it have anything to do with Enid?” Bud said, frowning.
“Shit!” Jack said, grabbing his cell phone and checking messages. Not finding what he was looking for, he scowled.
“What is it?” Bud said, concerned. “Is Enid all right?”
“Hold on,” Jack said, dialing. He listened and, after a moment, he gave a muttered curse and hung up. “I’ve been trying to reach her since yesterday. Now it’s saying her phone is out of service.”
“Yesterday!” Bud said, startled. “She’s been missing since yesterday?”
“She took off with her two ditz friends last night and I haven’t been able to reach her since,” Jack said.
“Did she run away again?” Bud said, gripping the wheel tighter. “What did you do to her?”
“I didn’t do anything!” Jack said.
Bud remained silent, thinking that that was probably the problem. Last time he’d seen Jack, he certainly hadn’t been winning any awards for father of the year. “Okay, so you need help finding Enid.”
“That too,” Jack said.
“Too?” Bud glanced at him, irritated. “You have another emergency?”
“I told you,” Jack said with a weary sigh, “I got married today—to Eve Hargrove.” Bud stared at Jack, who looked as serious as his last heart attack. “Who exactly is after you?”
Jack ticked them off on his fingers. “Channel 3, Channel 12, Perky—and Virgil.” Bud glanced over, noting that Jack’s pupils weren’t dilated or pinpoints, which could indicate drug usage. Bud subtly sniffed, but he didn’t smell alcohol or pot.
“Here,” Jack said, gesturing for him to turn left. “Shady’s Bar is just past 27th.” “Forget the beer,” Bud said. “If Enid is missing, we need to find her.”
“She’s probably holed up with one of her friends, laughing about how she outwitted her old man,” Jack said. “When she’s ready, she’ll call.”
Bud looked at him with disapproval.
“I guarantee, the kid is fine,” Jack said, waving him toward Shady’s minuscule parking lot. “I’ll scour the city later, but right now, I’d give my left nut for a Guinness.”
Not convinced, but knowing that he he wouldn’t be able to change Jack’s mind, Bud decided that he could at least get a beer while he figured out what was going on. Bud parked near a faded sign that read “Shady’s Fine Ales & Cocktails.”
Bud and Jack entered the tiny bar, which had the sparse crowd of an early weeknight. The jukebox spit funky songs into the darkened, retro interior that housed a lone pool table and deep leather couches.
Bud sat at the bar. He looked up at a television that hung above the bar and recognized the elegant black-and-white film “The Third Man.” Joseph Cotton was chasing Orson Wells through the Vienna sewers and, even though the sound was muted, Bud could almost hear the sweet tune of the zither playing.
“Thanks again, Bud,” Jack said, paying the bartender, who put beers in front of them. “Tell me what’s going on with Enid,” Bud said. “And what’s this nonsense about being married to Eve Hargrove?”
“According to her lawyer—oh, excuse me—her attorney,” Jack said, “I am officially Mister Eve Hargrove.”
“You’re not joking,” Bud said, half-wonderingly.
“I wish I was joking,” Jack said, taking a swig of beer. “She’s pregnant.”
Bud’s jaw dropped as he stared at Jack in horror. His first thought was of his son, Chip.
Bud was painfully aware that Chip had at least a fifty-fifty shot of being the father.
Jack held up a hand. “It’s not Chip’s!”
“Did you get a paternity test?” Bud said, trying not to look as relieved as he felt. “Unbind the bowels, Bud,” Jack said. “It’s mine. And she’s not just pregnant—she’s big-time pregnant—like, getting-ready-to-blow-out-a-beach-ball pregnant.”
Bud took an unsteady breath, sending a prayer of thanks straight to heaven that Chip wasn’t the father.
Jack said, “I met with Eve two days ago. I didn’t want to, but her attorney wouldn’t let up. He’s been after me for weeks—kept insisting she needed to talk to me and, well, you know what killed the cat. She gave me a Hopson’s choice—”
“A what?” Bud said, puzzled.
“You know—damned it you do and damned if you don’t.” “Hobson’s Choice,” Bud corrected.
“Whatever,” Jack said with an irritated shrug. “I should’ve never gone. She gave me till three 3:00 o’clock today to marry her—or she’d kill the baby.”
Bud sat silent, too shocked to speak.
“I married her,” Jack said, “so she wouldn’t kill the fucking baby, does that make it clear enough for you?”
“She’s insane,” Bud said in a low voice.
“Mama is insane. Daddy is just stone-ass stupid,” Jack said, matter-of-factly. “We’re quite the mix.”
Bud frowned. “If she’s that pregnant, it’s too late to get an abortion, so how—?” Jack gave him a look.
“Oh,” Bud said, realizing that if Eve Hargrove decided to kill an unborn baby—or a born baby—nothing would stand in her way. “Okay, so you married her to save the baby, but why would she want to marry you?”
Jack laughed.
Bud glanced at him, surprised. Then, realizing what he had said, Bud gave an embarrassed laugh. “Sorry. I didn’t mean—”
Jack waved away his apology. “I’ve been asking myself that same question. I don’t get it either. She’s willing to kill the baby, but she’s going to blackmail me to marry her and raise the baby—”
“Wait! You have to raise the baby?” Bud said, appalled.
Jack gave him a wry look. “You more scared for the baby—or me?”
Bud made a face, making it obvious that he had more sympathy for the unborn baby. “I’m not cut out to be a dad,” Jack said with a sigh.
“Can’t put that smoke back in the bottle,” Bud said.
“I shoulda kept that bottle zipped up,” Jack said grimly. “Her attorney is pushing me to sign some contract that’s chock full of stipulations. She’s got me tied up tighter than a Christmas ham.”
“What stipulations?” Bud said.
“I don’t know,” Jack said, “but it can’t be good.” “So, you are married, right?” Bud said.
“Lock, stock and gripped by the short hairs so hard that my tonsils hurt,” Jack said.
“Damn,” Bud said.
Jack looked at him, startled. “I never heard you cuss.”
“I’ve had a tough day myself,” Bud said with a wry smile. “I’m looking at life differently.
Seeing things clearer.”
Jack gave him a quizzical look. “You had a worse day than being blackmailed to marry a sociopath?”
Bud made a face, not wanting to go into the details of almost being buried alive. “Let’s just say, I’m happy to be breathing.”
“Is it—your heart?” Jack said with real concern in his voice.
Bud hesitated and then said, “I’m being forced out—of the force.”
“Harumph,” Jack said, looking at him with a strange expression on his face. “Forced out nice—or not so nice?”
“Not so nice,” Bud said.
“Sorry to hear that,” Jack said. “What are you going to do now?”
“I want to finish this one last case,” Bud said.
Jack lifted his beer and said sarcastically, “Yeah, like I wanna finish this one last beer.” Bud smiled. “There’s always one more case, isn’t there?”
“We hope,” Jack said.
They drank in silence. Bud looked at the television screen above the bar. It was the end of the movie and the beautifully sad woman walked down the long lane bordered by winter trees. No matter how many times Bud saw the movie, he always waited with bated breath, unsure—would she or would she not stop for the man who loved her?
“We should work together,” Jack blurted out.
The idea was so suddenly put to him that Bud didn't know what to say—or think. He stared at Jack, wondering if he was joking.
Jack said, “Have you ever thought about going private dick?” Bud continued to stare at Jack, too surprised to speak.
Jack’s face reddened and he quickly said, “I mean, I’m not promising anything, but I’ve got the storefront and—you’d work your cases, I work mine. Once you get up and running, we can split the overhead.”
Bud realized that his hand was frozen in midair, holding the beer between the top of the bar and his lips. He carefully set it down.
Jack said, “You don’t have to say anything now. Just—think about it.” Bud sat silent, thinking. He didn’t trust himself to speak.
Jack grinned. “I mean, what the fuck? It’s better than being a mall-cop, right?”
When Bud still didn’t respond, Jack stood up, embarrassed. “Be right back.” He walked to the restrooms.
Bud stared blankly into his beer. The idea of him becoming a private detective had never occurred to him. Jack might as well have suggested that he become a prima ballerina. Bud let his mind wander slowly around the idea and, within moments, his thoughts began racing with excitement.
I could work!
There would be no time restrictions. No Bram. He could keep working. He could stay in the hunt.
What about money?
Bud had never not received a regular paycheck. Being a private detective meant he’d be self-employed. He hadn’t been self-employed since he was a paperboy in seventh grade. Of course, he had also been depending on his retirement and pension funds, but Bunnie had nuked that plan.
Impulsively, Bud pushed back from the bar stool and walked toward the restrooms. His heart was pounding painfully in his chest, but he didn’t want to stop and take a pill. He pushed open the men’s room door.
Jack was at a urinal taking a long, healthy piss.
“I’ll do it!” Bud said in an unnaturally loud voice. Jack looked at him, startled. “Jesus, Bud.”
Bud followed Jack’s eyes and glanced behind him. A hipster girl leaned on the pool table and was grinning at the clear view of Jack that Bud had afforded her with the open door.
She gave them a knowing grin and said, “Just do it behind closed doors, please.”
Blushing, Bud stepped into the tiny bathroom, shutting the door behind him.
Jack zipped up his jeans and said, “If I knew I was putting on a floor show, I woulda worn my dancing shoes.”
“I don’t want to pay half the overhead,” Bud said, cracking his knuckles nervously.
“Welcome to the club,” Jack said, washing his hands. “I don’t want to pay overhead either, but that’s the game.”
“Would we be partners?” Bud said, frowning.
Jack returned his frown. “I don’t know. I’ve never done this before. It’s always been just me.”
“I want to finish the case I’m working on,” Bud said.
“Anything interesting?” Jack said, holding his hands under the dryer. “It involves black market organ trafficking. Transplant tourism—”
Jack’s hands dropped. He spun from the dryer and faced Bud, his eyes gleaming. “What?” Bud said, startled.
Jack grinned. “Brother, you and me—we got some talkin' to do.”

Chapter 31
The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep. Robert Frost
Enid had never imagined that the desert could be so bone-numbingly cold. And she had never dreamed that pain could come in so many excruciating varieties. Every square inch of her body felt torn, battered and bruised. Her broken nose throbbed so that she could feel every painful heartbeat reverberate through her face.
Before she had entered the Joshua tree forest, Enid had sensed the ominous trees warning her not to enter, but she had ignored everything but her own fear of being caught by the evil doctor and dragged back to the slaughterhouse. With blind faith, Enid had followed Maria as she pushed deeper into the mysterious and forbidding tangle of twisted trees.
Enid couldn’t shake the feeling that they were disturbing ancient, prehistoric monsters that, although motionless, pulsed with fierce life. Enid could feel the coiled energy of the Joshua trees threatening her from all sides as their thorns jabbed at her clothes, piercing through to her flesh, drawing blood. Like the Roman emperor who took pleasure in killing his enemies by cutting them with a thousand tiny cuts, the Joshua trees had the same type of cruelty as their arms, covered with spines, lashed out and stabbed at Enid with unrelenting and mathematical precision.
When the spine had cut open her cheek, Enid had cried out in pain, but Maria had turned and given her such a forbidding look that, after that, Enid hadn’t dared to so much as breathe too loudly. As they pushed deeper into the moonlit desert, the lights from the slaughterhouse got swallowed up by the night. The voices that had pursued them, at first so dogged and loud, had subsided. They were no longer being chased by men trying to cut out their livers—now they were being attacked by the never-ending jabs of the Joshua thorns.
Yellow animal eyes stared down at Enid from atop the trees while other animal eyes glinted upward from the ground. Enid shivered and pushed forward. To keep from falling, she kept her eyes alternating between the moving shadow that was Maria to the ground in front of her own feet.
They walked for a long time. They walked until Enid’s legs trembled and burned with the effort. Just when she thought that she couldn't take another step, the man leading the group came to a halt.
Everyone gathered nearer to the man who had become their new leader. In the moonlight, Enid could see that he was small and wiry, barely taller than her. She wondered where he had been while the other men had attacked Mo and Rick. Anger flared up in her, but then she remembered that her first instinct had been to hide behind the pile of pallets and it made her feel ashamed that she had judged him. He was the smallest of the remaining four men, yet he had stepped forward to lead them. Enid glanced around the group that had shrunk in size, feeling grateful that she was with them.
The man spoke in a low, urgent tones. Enid strained to understand the foreign words, but they meant nothing to her.
Feeling frustrated, Enid had a strange thought. If she knew Spanish, she would feel safer right now. In fact, if she could learn to speak and understand as many languages as possible, then she maybe wouldn’t feel so confused and powerless.
When she was a kid, she thought the world would get easier to understand when she grew up, but now that she was older, she was finding that the world was far more terrifying and unpredictable than she had ever imagined. Enid promised herself that, if she survived, she would become fluent in Spanish and as many other languages as she could dig her teeth into. She remembered the question that Jack had asked her—what did she want to do with her life. He had shocked her by telling her that he thought she was smart enough to go to college. If he was right and she did manage to live through this—maybe she would surprise him by telling him that she wanted to learn how to speak as many languages as possible. Imagining how surprised he would be, she almost smiled.
Maria touched Enid’s arm, startling her from her thoughts. Maria sat down and gestured for her to sit and rest also. Two men broke from the group and forged ahead, disappearing into the dark. Everyone who remained sat down on the ground.
Exhausted, Enid sat down where she had stood. At first, sitting had felt like heaven, but the ground was so cold and hard that a numbing pain travelled up her butt and into her bowels. Chilled to the bone, Enid was soon shivering so hard that her teeth chattered like she was some diabolical wind-up toy.
Maria laid a hand on her arm and Enid understood that she was too loud. Enid clenched her jaw to stop from chattering, and she repositioned herself on the ground so that her right foot was tucked under her butt in an attempt to stop the cold from taking over her body.
Maria moved closer and, after a moment’s hesitation, she wrapped one arm around Enid’s shoulder. Enid leaned into Maria’s warmth, clinging to her like a child.
The next thing Enid knew, Maria was shaking her awake. For a moment, Enid didn’t know where she was—and then it all came rushing back.
Enid jolted into the sitting position, her heart pounding with fear. Enid’s eyes darted around, looking for the doctor who she expected to see hovering over her with his scalpels.
All she saw was stars and the moon in the black night sky. Only when she was convinced that the doctor was nowhere in sight was she able to feel a semblance of safety and her breathing returned to normal. Enid realized that she had been curled up on the dirt, her head resting in Maria’s lap. Everyone was struggling to their feet and, with difficulty, Enid stood up.
Everything hurt—every joint, every muscle, and especially her nose. Forcing herself to follow Maria, who was already on the move, Enid stumbled noisily after her. Within minutes, Enid was seized with a severe pain in her side. She doubled over, feeling lightheaded and nauseous.
Maria appeared at Enid’s side and tried to pull her forward.
“Noooo,” Enid rasped out, not recognizing her own voice. It was a stranger’s voice— something ragged and hoarse. Enid’s legs collapsed under her and she sank to the ground. She was so thirsty that she felt like she would trade in half her life for one glass of water.
Maria grabbed her, forcing her to remain on her feet. Weakly, Enid fought her, but Maria half-dragged Enid after her as she pushed forward through the desert.
A sob tore from Enid’s parched throat. Hot, angry tears rolled down Enid’s face as she stumbled forward, feeling sick and exhausted.
Enid was about to refuse to go one step further when she caught a glimpse of Maria’s face, which had been momentarily illuminated in the moonlight. Maria’s face was haggard with a fear and a terrible desperation made up of hunger, thirst, and deprivation.
As bad as she felt, Enid saw that Maria was suffering far worse. It flashed on Enid that, as bone-tired as she was, Maria was having to keep herself going and pull Enid along, which had to be doubly exhausting. A wave of shame swept over her. Maria had saved her life—and Enid was repaying her by making her burden heavier.
Enid gritted her teeth, suddenly determined that she could at least pull her own weight.
Enid sought within herself for strength and courage, but she came up empty. Stumbling after Maria, another thought popped into Enid’s mind.
I can’t do it, but, if I pretend to be somebody else, somebody stronger and better than me, maybe she can do it.
She straightened her shoulders and was surprised to find that the girl named Enid was already gone. Without willing it, the old Enid Iglowski, like a snake’s skin, had been shed and left behind in the dirt. The new girl’s lips curled in disdain at the remembrance. Enid Iglowski was a puny, nothing, loser who couldn’t keep up, so she had to be left behind—like garbage. Feeling strength and courage flowing through her, the new girl smiled.
The new girl reached up and touched her raven black hair that coursed down her back like reams of silk. Her muscles felt hard and strong and her belly was filled with fire. Everything came into sharp focus and the new girl was astonished at the stupidity of the old Enid Iglowski. How could she have forgotten—or not known—
I am a Warrior!
The new girl’s pace quickened. She evaded the jabbing thorns with the surefooted skill and grace of a true warrior. The landscape around her was changing as fast as she had changed. Everything was transforming. The Joshua trees’ outstretched arms now receded from her with a newfound respect. They bowed down to her as they whispered—
Goddess Warrior.
She lifted her chin, feeling deeply moved by their reverence.
Maria glanced back and, hesitating, she examined Enid’s face with a puzzled expression. Enid gave Maria a radiant smile.
For a moment, Maria seemed frightened by the change in Enid but, after another moment, Maria gave an almost imperceptible nod and released Enid’s hand.
The Warrior walked for miles. She and Maria passed others in the group and soon they were even in front of the two leading men who were now lagging behind them. Many times, the Warrior and Maria slowed, encouraging the others to keep going.
After a long time, they entered a twisted, narrow dirt path and, after a longer time, it began to widen.
The Joshua trees thinned, gradually releasing the group of humans back to their own world that consisted of a dirt path.
“There!” the Warrior said, pointing to a distant light. The men looked at her, unsure.
Maria stepped forward and spoke to them in a pressing tone. The men listened, then nodded.
While the remaining group, including the lead men, squatted down to rest, the Warrior and Maria headed up the road and toward the distant light.
By the side of the road, the Joshua trees were fewer and farther apart, and their voices were getting fainter and fainter. The Warrior strained her ears, but the Joshua trees were now mumbling, barely audible.
Maria began speaking in a low voice. The Warrior listened to the Spanish words, but she didn’t understand. As Maria continued to speak, it dawned on her that Maria was telling her the story of her life. Where she was from, the people that she had left behind, the hardships, and how she had ended up in the Arizona desert.
The path got wider and the distant light got brighter.
Maria’s words flowed from her. The Warrior listened and was able to understand—from the tone, the urgency, the pathos of Maria’s soft voice as it rose and fell in the night air—she understood.
Their feet hit the asphalt road.
Enid was so startled that she cried out and, as if waking from a dream, she realized that the Warrior was gone. The Warrior had evaporated into the cold night air faster than her breath was disappearing six inches under her painful, throbbing nose. Scared at the sudden transition, Enid looked behind her as if expecting to see her doppelgänger Warrior self standing at the edge of the Joshua tree forest that she had just emerged from. Enid scanned the desert’s edge, but there was nothing. There was only her and Maria, both exhausted, ravenous and hurting.
Enid turned to face the light, which was no longer a distant dot of electricity—it was a neon sign that read: Julioberto’s Gas-N-Go.
Enid grasped Maria’s hand and said, “We’re going to be okay!” She desperately wanted to tell Maria about Jack and how he would fix everything—not just for her—for all of them.
At the thought of Jack, Enid winced, recalling her brash talk about how she wasn’t a kid anymore. Now, she wanted nothing more than to go home and be a kid for just a little while longer. Even as she thought this, she knew it was too late.
Being a kid was done.
Just like the Warrior had disappeared, the kid inside of Enid had also disappeared. She felt like she was lost inside some grey, confusing land between childhood and adulthood. Maria was an adult and had protected her like she was a child. Jack was an adult and he would be there to pick up the pieces. And that’s what Enid felt like—like she was in pieces. A mess of broken, jagged-edged pieces that could never be put back together again. She saw Rick’s head exploding upward in a mass of blood and brains. She could still taste the rust-blood of the dead cow’s gut that she had used as a hiding place. She could still feel the terror of waking up on that mattress in the cold, dark room so long ago.
Enid didn’t realize that she had almost fallen to her knees until Maria’s arm was around her waist, supporting her. Enid straightened and, together, they limped in the direction of the gas station.
It wasn’t far and Enid desperately tried to bring back the Warrior, but that part of her was also gone. The only thing left was her own puny self—insignificant and weak.
Enid focused on the gas station. If she could get to a phone, then she could call Jack. He would know what to do. Everything would be okay.
She’d be safe.

Chapter 32
If it were ever to rain soup, the poor would have only forks. Brazilian Proverb
Starting his third beer at Shady’s Bar, Jack said to Bud, “Holy shit, Bud! We’ve been working the same case!”
Bud shook his head as he took a sip of the ginger ale that he had switched to after one beer. “I don’t like coincidences.”
Jack glanced at Bud. He didn’t like coincidences either, but if they were both working on cases involving the sale of human organs, there was a chance that there was some cross-over or connection between the two cases. Jack said, “Phoenix may be a city, but it’s still pretty damned small. How many black markets can exist? I mean, we ain’t New York.”
Shady’s Bar was getting crowded and noisier, but Jack didn’t want to leave. Not yet. He and Bud had been talking for the last thirty minutes, exchanging information on their individual cases. Jack suspected that Bud was being cagey with some of his information, but he decided not to press him.
Jack said, “I think we’re coming at the same case from two different angles. I got Russian brides getting expensive surgeries—” “Plastic surgery?” Bud said.
Jack shook his head and said, “I have a source getting me copies of medical claims. I—” Jack glanced at his watch. “Shit!”
“Another emergency?” Bud said drily.
Jack got out his cell phone and typed a text. He hit send. “I was supposed to meet Linda tonight.”
“Who’s Linda?” Bud said.
“The woman getting me a box of medical claims on Russian brides,” Jack said. “I don’t suppose—?”
“You do all the drinking and I do all the driving?” Bud said sarcastically. “Because that’s what it’s beginning to look like to me.”
Jack stood up, grinning. “Bud, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.”
They drove to Linda’s house, which was a one-story cinderblock home with landscaping that bordered on neglected. Every light in the house was on and Mexican pop music blared from the back yard. The street was jammed with cars and trucks.
As they walked to the front door, Bud said, “Did you know she was having a party?”
“I wasn’t invited, if that’s what you mean,” Jack said.
“Anything I should know before we go in?” Bud said. “It wouldn’t be the first time you hit me with a surprise.”
“I didn’t sleep with her, if that’s what you mean,” Jack said, giving him a look. “That’s not what I meant, but—good to know.”
Jack rang the bell and waited. Through the front window, Jack watched as three large poodles trotted toward the front door. To his surprise, the poodles sat down in a neat row on the other side of the window and stared up at him, politely expectant.
An elderly Hispanic woman’s head popped into view.
Startled, Jack stepped back.
The woman eyed him suspiciously. Her bun was pulled so tight that her wrinkles pulled upward toward her hairline. She had on bright pink lipstick and blue eyeshadow. She gave the poodles a command and they trotted away with the precision of show dogs.
She opened the door and said in a prim voice, “You are Linda’s friends, yes? She is expecting you.” The woman was in her 60s and barely five feet tall, but Jack noticed that she held herself with the erectness of an aging ballerina.
They followed the woman through the house and Jack noticed that, although Linda’s job was to clean office buildings, she was a relaxed housekeeper in her own home. The weary-looking furniture was cheered by festive pillows, and the brightly painted walls and numerous kitschy trinkets on display kept the place looking pleasantly comfortable.
Jack and Bud stepped into the back yard, which was filled with at least thirty party-goers who were grouped at various tables, talking, laughing, and eating barbecue. A “Happy Birthday” sign was stretched along a laundry line that hung between a tree and a high block wall that separated them from their neighbors. Kids ran around, yelling and laughing and squirting water guns at each other.
Linda, wearing a denim mini-skirt and a low-cut T-shirt that said “I’m sorry for what I said when I was hungry” stepped forward with a smile.
“Jack!” Linda said with a bright smile.
“Thanks for letting us come over, Linda,” Jack said with an apologetic look. “I didn’t know—”
Linda waved her hand, “No worries.”
Jack gestured to Bud and said, “This is my associate, Bud Orlean.”
Bud’s face flashed with surprise, but he quickly suppressed it. He put out his hand and said, “Nice to meet you. You have a lovely home.”
Linda laughed. “It’s not much, but it’s all ours—in another fourteen years and three months!” Linda turned to the party-goers and said, “Hey everybody, this is the guy I was telling you about—the detective—a real detective—just like Magnum P.I.!”
Jack felt his face redden as a murmur of appreciation went through the group.
Linda pointed to a man who was slick with sweat from cooking over the grill. He was in his 50s, Hispanic and still retained hard muscles from years of construction work. He had a head of lush black hair that swept back from his square forehead and handsome black eyes. Pride tinged her voice as Linda said, “That’s my husband, Ralph.”
Ralph looked up from his plate of barbecue and, mouth full, he waved a friendly hello. Linda gestured toward the woman who had answered the door, “This is my mother-in-law, Madera. It’s her birthday, but she won’t tell us how old she is. We’re guessing 32.” “Happy Birthday,” Jack said, turning to Madera with a smile.
Madera nodded and gave him a bright smile. One of the dogs sitting in the neat line whined. Madera said something in Spanish and the poodles all laid down in perfect unison.
Linda said, “Madera used to work in a Mexican circus—she’s got a way with animals.” Madera said, “I raised a good son, if that is what you mean.”
Linda grinned and said, “Yes, that’s exactly what I mean.”
Madera shook her finger at her and said affectionately, “You’re welcome, you ungrateful girl.”
Linda pointed to a blond teenage girl that Jack recognized as the girl with the mop from the Perfect Match agency. The laughing girl looked nothing like the girl he remembered. The last time Jack had seen her, the girl had been terrified at the sight of Enid who was stretched out unconscious on the floor, bleeding all over Katya’s white carpet.
“My step-daughter, Allie.” Linda said, giving Allie a warning look. Linda turned to Jack with raised eyebrows. “Like you told me, Jack—Allie and your kid—they’re friends, right?”
Allie scowled and said, “I think I’d remember if I knew somebody named Enid.”
“Sometimes she goes by her middle name—Brittany,” Jack said, hoping that Allie would know at least one girl named Brittany at her school.
Allie frowned, unsure.
Linda gestured to the group sitting around the table, pointing out each, “Marvin and Rochelle, our neighbors. Marvin’s a dentist—and Jou-jou, she makes and sells her own homeopathic toothpaste. Melba and Stan, their kid just graduated from ASU with a degree in sustainable tourism, can you believe that? They’ve got degrees in more stuff that I’ve never even heard of! Tudie and Al—she’s Phoenix’s own “Celebrity Chef” and Tudie has been featured in Phoenix Magazine’s top restaurants more times than you can shake your stick at! Tudie made the birthday cake, which is a piece of art and is so good that it will make your face melt off.” Tudie gave a friendly wave and Al held up his beer in greeting. Pointing to more party-goers, Linda said, “Digger, Martha, Carla, and Carlos, who just turned 2 and, you won’t believe this, Carlos will eat anything—even a lemon!”
Jack nodded in appreciation as Carla bent down and proudly kissed Carlos’ head. Ralph said, “Help yourself to barbecue—we’ve got enough for a small army.” Jack said, “We’d love to, but—”
“Sounds great,” Bud said, heading toward the food with a smile.
Jack gazed at Bud in surprise. The people at the largest table moved to either side, making room for Bud. Everyone began passing bowls of food to Bud, who helped himself to generous portions.
Linda eyed Bud with appreciation as he chatted easily with his neighbors. She turned to Jack, gesturing for him to follow her. “Come on, I’ll get you that stuff.”
Jack followed Linda through the kitchen and into the garage. She hit a button and the garage door opened. “There you go,” Linda said, pointing at two boxes that sat stacked by the door.
Jack walked toward them and said, “I can’t thank you enough, Linda.” Linda turned to him, thoughtfully. “Well, maybe you can.”
Jack felt his stomach sink, wondering why there always had to be a catch. “It’s my husband’s ex-wife,” Linda said, biting her lip.
“Yeah?” Jack said, noncommittally. He picked up a box and headed toward Bud’s car, knowing it was best to have the boxes safely stashed in the trunk of the car before Linda could ask him to do something that he couldn’t—or wouldn’t—do. To his surprise, Linda picked up the other box and followed him.
“Ralph’s not actually my husband,” Linda said. “Not legally anyway.”
Jack looked at her, trying to look more surprised than he felt. It had crossed his mind that Linda seemed far too in love with Ralph for them to actually be married.
Linda made a face and said, “You know the story—the ex-wife is a psycho-bitch and loves making his life a living hell. She gets more happiness from torturing him than she’d ever get from giving him a divorce and moving on with her life.”
“I’ve met the type,” Jack said, thinking of his own new marriage to Eve and hoping that there was a divorce in his near future.
“Half my paycheck goes to her!” Linda said. “We’re killing ourselves to keep our heads above water—not to mention taking care of Allie, his mom and her damned poodles, which, by the way, eat better than we do half the time.”
“Is Allie—?”
Linda said, “Allie is from his first wife. I want to be the third, but first we have to get rid of the second.”
“Where do I fit into this?” Jack said, putting the box on the ground as he leaned into Bud’s unlocked car so he could pop the trunk. Before she could answer, he picked up the box and stowed the box in the trunk.
“Oh, I ain’t talking “get rid of” as in killing her or anything like that! If I could just get something on her—something that—”
“Something you could use as leverage,” Jack said, purposefully not using the word “blackmail.” He took the box from her and put it in the trunk.
Linda tapped her finger on her nose. “You is smart, but I was thinking something a mite stronger than leverage. A little blackmail goes a long way.”
“Blackmail is illegal,” Jack said as he slammed the trunk shut.
“Okay, then, let’s call it leverage,” Linda said with a smile. “Anything to hoist that old bat out of the picture so we can stop giving her half of every dime we earn. We’re living hand to mouth and—it’s hurting us. Ralph and me—we can’t build a better life until we get her out of our life.”
“Sounds like you need a lawyer.”
“I’m up to my gizzard with lawyers!” Linda said, irritably. “I need a detective and I can’t afford a detective. I can barely afford cereal much less somebody like you. I’m telling you, me and you meeting—this is kismet! All I want is for you to dig up some dirt on her. Something, anything. I need to get us some leverage that we can put under her butt and heft her fat ass out of our life—and off my paycheck!”
“It’s not that easy,” Jack said, shaking his head.
“Oh, but it is that easy! She’s stupid and I ain’t picky. Here’s her info,” Linda dug a paper out of her front pocket and shoved it toward Jack. “I gave you two boxes full of stuff I’m not even supposed to have ‘cause you sold me on a rat-trap story about saving people’s lives and the least you can do for me—”
“Okay!” Jack said, grabbing the paper and shoving it into his pocket. “I’ll do it, but I can’t tell you when.”
Linda threw her arms around his neck and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you, thank you, thank you!”
Jack let Linda hug him. He couldn’t deny it, he did like the feel of a grateful woman’s hug—even if she did want a big-ass favor and was married to a man that looked tough enough to crap brass tacks. “I can’t promise anything and I don’t know when I’ll have time—”
“Whatever and whenever—I don’t care! Just dig up some dirt on her, so me and Ralph can be free,” Linda said, her face glowing with happiness. She released Jack and said, “Gosh, I feel like I just hired Magnum P.I.!”
Jack didn’t want to remind her that “hired” usually meant a transaction involving money that landed in his pocket, but, thinking about the two boxes of possible evidence in Bud’s trunk, Jack decided to keep that one to himself and be grateful for what he could get.

Chapter 33
Do not fear going forward slowly; fear only standing still. Chinese Proverb
After leaving Linda’s house, Bud drove back to his house while Jack made several phone calls, looking for Enid. Not getting anywhere, Jack hung up with a muttered curse.
“We can look for her,” Bud said. “It’s not a problem.” “Not yet,” Jack said.
“What are you waiting for?” Bud said, shooting him a look. “Her obituary?” Jack scowled. “That’s a bit dramatic, don’t you think?”
“Not in my business,” Bud said.
“She’ll show up,” Jack said. “In the meantime, I want to dig into those boxes.”
Bud was about to argue, but decided against it. He wanted to get home so he could see how Sheba was doing.
Once at Bud’s house, they carried the boxes into the kitchen, depositing them on the table. Bud took care of Sheba and set up her bed by his feet, so she would feel safer. For the next two hours, Bud and Jack worked their way through the paperwork that filled the boxes, taking turns on Bud’s laptop to occasionally Google information.
Bud was surprised to see Jack methodically working his way through his share of the papers. Somehow, Bud had never envisioned Jack doing the boring grunt work that it took to be a detective. He’d always pictured Jack out and about—breaking the rules and sticking it to the police just for the fun of it. Bud was surprised to see Jack working with a laser-like focus—and he was fast.
Bud glanced at the clock, which read 1:00 o’clock in the morning. “Getting tired?” Jack said, looking up.
“No,” Bud lied.
“Look at this,” Jack said, handing him a paper. “These are EOB’s, which are—” “Believe me, I know what an EOB is,” Bud said, tapping his chest. “I got more doctors than Carter has liver pills. Explanation of benefits. You go to the doctor, the doctor bills the insurance company and the insurance company sends you an EOB—explaining what was charged, what the insurance company will pay, what the doctor will write off and what the patient is responsible for.”
“I guess I don’t go to the doctor as much as you,” Jack said. “Give it another twenty years,” Bud said drily.
Jack gestured to a small stack of papers that he had separated from the others. “All these patients were women with a date of birth showing the oldest one was 32 and the youngest was 21. Every one of them ended up in Maricopa County Hospital. I’ve been Googling the procedures and diagnosis codes from the EOB’s, and we’re talking liver failure, kidney failure, heart failure—”
“Pretty big organ failures for such young women,” Bud said.
Jack said, “Perfect Match dating agency imports woman from Russia who barely speak the language and probably don’t know anybody in the United States—”
“And they end up in the hospital with serious medical conditions,” Bud interrupted. “The question is—are they surviving?”
“I don’t know,” Jack said, “I have a list of their names, so I’ll put Rachel on it in the morning.”
“Rachel?” Bud said, curious.
“Receptionist,” Jack said. “Worth her weight in gold. She’s got the uncanny ability of finding people who don’t want to be found. She’s positively ruthless when it comes to deadbeat dads.”
“Valuable skill,” Bud said with an appreciative nod.
“No potential boyfriend has ever made it through one of her background checks,” Jack said. “She once called the police on a blind date—he was wanted for a bank robbery in New Jersey.”
Bud hesitated, knowing it was none of his business, but also knowing that if he was going to go into business with Jack, it would be wise to get the facts.
“What?” Jack said.
After a moment, Bud said, “Are you involved with Rachel?” Jack frowned. “I give her her paycheck, if that’s what you mean.” “That’s not what I mean,” Bud said evenly.
Jack examined him and, after a long moment, he said, “I’m her employer. That’s how it is and that’s how it’s going to stay.”
Bud nodded, filing Jack’s statement away for future use—if needed. Bud had a sudden thought and he felt a prickly sensation run down his spine. “Let’s assume these women aren’t surviving. Let’s say they end up in the hospital and—they die.”
“Super convenient if someone is out to harvest your organs,” Jack said. “These women are perfect candidates for falling through the cracks. They just got to the U.S., don’t know anybody, don’t know the language—”
“What about their family and friends in Russia?” Bud said. “Somebody has got to be reporting them missing.”
“Layla hired me to find her sister,” Jack said, “so maybe there are other missing person reports out there. Or, maybe only women with no family are being picked to come over.”
Bud gestured to the paperwork, “If someone is going to bring women in from another country and then murder them so that their organs can be harvested—why take them to a hospital in the first place? They’re setting up a paper trail that any idiot can follow—”
“There’s big money in medical fraud,” Jack said.
Bud stared at him, surprised. “Nobody’s that stupid! It’s one thing to kidnap girls, steal their organs, but now you’re telling me that the bad guys are double-dipping—on medical fraud?”
“Not even triple-dipping,” Jack said, leaning forward, “they’re quad-dipping. They’re getting money on the paid fee that the women pay in Russia to get what they think is a service that’s going to get them a rich American husband—”
Nodding, Bud said, “Then the women get here, get sick and get sent to the hospital—”
“Always Maricopa County Hospital,” Jack said, jabbing his finger at the stack of paperwork, “then the bad guys run up the medical bills on procedures and operations that the women don’t even need, so they can collect that money from the insurance companies—”
Puzzled, Bud said, “How do the women have health insurance?”
“I don’t know,” Jack said. “Traveller’s insurance, identity theft—or maybe somebody at the insurance company is in on it. Then, when the bad guys have maxed out what they can get from the insurance companies on procedures—they take the women in for one final operation— and harvest their organs.”
“Murder,” Bud said grimly. “And then they sell their organs on the black market.” He shook his head. “It’s too easy. The paper trail through the hospital, the medical claims—nobody is that stupid!”
Jack gave a derisive grunt. “Please! Who are the most arrogant, stupid bastards in the whole world?”
Bud looked at him, questioningly.
Jack leaned forward. “Who thinks they’re smarter than everybody else, who thinks they’re above the law and who loves to play God?”
“Doctors!” Bud said.
Jack said, “There ain’t nothin’ stupider than a greedy doctor. I mean, Jesus! It’s not like they haven’t already made the ultimate million-dollar mistake of going to medical school—when everyone knows that they are being phased out and the physician assistants and nurse practitioners are being phased in—”
“They’ll never get rid of doctors,” Bud said, thinking about his cardiologist, who was still trying to sign him up for smoking cessation program even after Bud had told him on five different occasions that he did not smoke and had never smoked.
“Are you kidding?” Jack said. “Doctors are the next buggy-whip! Besides, I met Charkov and he’s the perfect fit for an arrogant asshole doctor.”
Bud looked at him in surprise. “Charkov?”
“Part of my investigation,” Jack said, suddenly wary.
Bud eyed Jack. His intuition was telling him that there was more to the story than Jack was telling him. “What did this Charkov think about being questioned by a private investigator?”
“I don’t know,” Jack said. “I guess you’d have to ask him.”
Bud remained silent, deciding that he didn’t like Jack’s answer and would wait for another.
Jack seemed to understand and, with a shrug, said, “Charkov definitely knew Marina and, given the option of sending Marina back to Russia, he didn’t want to do it—or couldn’t—” “What was the other option?” Bud said.
“Whaddya mean?” Jack said, frowning.
“You just said that Charkov had an option, so—what was the other choice?”
Jack made a “ya got me” face and said, “Weeeell, there’s a certain Dmitri Derzhavin in Moscow that wants Marina Orlov back—”
“Says who?” Bud said, suspicious.
Jack shrugged with mock innocence. “Some guy showed up at Charkov’s office with a message from a Moscow kingpin that Charkov needs to put Marina’s butt on a plane and send her back—pronto.”
“Pronto?” Bud said skeptically.
“That’s what the guy said,” Jack said, still playing it innocent. “And you know this—because…?”
“Come on, Bud,” Jack said with a laugh. “Stop bustin' my balls.” “Then give it to me straight,” Bud said.
Jack sighed. “Number one, Charkov is scared of Dmitri Derzhavin. Number two, when Charkov found out that Dmitri wanted Marina back—he was scared and said, and I quote, “it is impossible,”“ Jack said, a stubborn and defiant gleam in his eyes, “that is as straight as I know how to be.”
Bud nodded, not because he was satisfied with the answer, but because he had learned long ago that choosing your battles was the better part of wisdom. After a moment, Bud said, “So, we have a greedy doctor trying to pay down his student loans, but when it comes to operating a black market on human organs, you still have to have the classic triangle—”
Jack ticked off on his fingers. “One, a corrupt corporation—usually medical. Two, a dishonest mortician to dispose of the bodies. Three, a greedy son-of-a-bitch doctor—except our doctor is extra greedy. This asshole throws medical fraud in for good measure.”
“I’ve got a whistle-blower,” Bud said, thinking about Gabby and how she was going to snitch on her husband and boyfriend. “She’s ready, able and willing to turn witness for the prosecution—on two dishonest morticians.”
“I’ve got the doctor,” Jack said.
“Charkov,” Bud said, more a statement than a question.
“Yeah,” Jack said, “and his wife, Katya, who is the owner of Perfect Match and is funneling in women from Russia. Then the women get sick, they go to County Hospital and the good doctor does his unneeded procedures, files for the insurance money and then, when he’s gotten everything out of them that he can on the medical fraud—then he carves them up for parts.”
“Perfect Match,” Bud said, shaking his head, “in love—and organs.”
“Bastards,” Jack said, his voice thick with emotion. “They named that place like a fucking joke! I’m gonna get this bastard and nail his fucking balls to the wall.”
Bud shot him a look. “We’re turning him in to the police—for a fair trial.”
Jack was staring down at his knuckles, which were white from clenching. “Scum like that should be—”
“Given a fair trial,” Bud said, interrupting him.
Jack’s eyes met Bud’s. After a moment, Jack’s face twisted into a grimace. “Yeah, well— what the hell did you think I meant?”
Bud remained silent, examining him. For the first time, he wondered if Jack was more than just a detective who bent the rules. The last thing he wanted was to go into business with a loose cannon who was ready to take the law into his own hands.
Jack grinned. “Jesus, Bud! You look like you’re about to bring me up on charges.” Bud forced an awkward smile. “I play by the book, Jack. I bring them in alive.”
“I ain’t gonna kill the doctor, if that’s what you’re afraid of,” Jack said with a shrug.
There was an awkward silence and then Bud said, “I have a friend who met his wife through Perfect Match. It can’t all be fraudulent.”
“Edward Farnship,” Jack said. “That’s the guy you referred to me, right?” Bud nodded.
“His wife, Layla,” Jack said, “she’s the one who hired me to find her sister, Marina.
That’s what started everything.”
“That means that at least part of Perfect Match is legit,” Bud said. “Otherwise, Layla would have never ended up married to Ed. How come they picked Marina? Why not pick the sister, Layla? I wonder what the difference was—the deciding factor? Seems like sloppy work that they would let Layla marry an American and then turn around and kill her sister. That doesn’t fit with the idea of them finding girls who don’t have relatives or friends.”
“Unless Layla and Marina aren’t sisters,” Jack said. “But why would Layla lie? What does she have to gain by lying about Marina being her sister?”
Bud said. “The next link in my chain is Gabby’s connection—Scott at Biomed Corp, which is most likely the corrupt corporation.”
Jack said, “First thing tomorrow, I’ll put Rachel to work—figuring out if any of the women on these EOB’s are still alive.”
“I’m going to go to Scott’s office tomorrow morning. I just have to remember that I’m not a homicide detective anymore,” Bud said, unable to keep the bitter edge out of his voice.
Jack said, “You’re a private detective now, Bud—and that’s a good thing.”
Bud gave him a sharp look. “I’m not a private investigator till I get my license.” Jack laughed. “I bet you were the hall monitor in grade school.”
“And I bet you were the kid who gave me the most trouble,” Bud said.
Jack grinned and then said, “If we end up working together—you’re your own boss and you can do things the way you want, but I’m my own boss and I do things my own way—no interference.”
“Is that going to work?” Bud said with an expression on his face indicating that he didn’t think it would.
Jack shrugged. “I never worked with anyone before. I guess we’ll have to take it as we go.”
“Sounds like it might be—a disaster.”
Jack said, “You’re talking to a guy who just married a serial killer today.”
“You married her yesterday,” Bud said, pointing to the clock that showed it was well after midnight, “but—point taken.” Bud stood up and stretched. “I’m going to hit the hay. I’ll get you some blankets and a pillow and you can sleep on the couch. It’s more comfortable then it looks,”
Bud said, remembering the many times he had been relegated to the couch after arguments with Bunnie. His mind shot back to earlier in the day when Bunnie had been running around the front yard in her lingerie, hurling insults at him. He winced, wondering if she had a safe place to spend the night. After the performance art she put on in the front yard, Bud hoped that the safe place wasn’t jail.
Jack was checking his cell phone, which he had been doing throughout the night.
“Still haven’t heard from Enid?” Bud said, reaching down and scratching Sheba behind the ear.
Jack shook his head, frowning.
Bud wanted to reassure him that everything was going to be all right, but he knew too much about the world to say anything that ridiculous.
Jack said thoughtfully, “I knew this guy once. Big, strapping guy—muscles out the azzu—then he had a stroke. This huge, healthy man went from bench-pressing Toyotas to tottering around on a cane. His wife, she was all of five-foot-four, she had to help him get in and out of a chair. I’ll never forget—he told me that he felt physically vulnerable—like somebody could come up and mug him or do whatever the hell they wanted to him, and there wasn’t a damned thing he could do about it. He told me that, for the first time in his life, he understood how it must feel to be a girl.”
“Maybe Enid is already home,” Bud said. “You can borrow my car and go check.”
Jack shook his head, “One of my neighbors has been keeping an eye out. She’d call me if Enid was back.”
Bud said, “It’s too early to put in a missing person’s report. Have you—called the hospitals?”
For a moment, Jack looked sick. He ran his hands through his hair, unsure.
“We are detectives,” Bud said. “if anybody can find Enid, I think we’re the Cavalry.” Jack shook his head and said, “She’ll turn up. She always lands on her feet.”
“I don’t know, Jack,” Bud said, frowning. “She’s just a kid.”
Jack said sarcastically, “Yeah—and I’m gonna blink and she won’t be a kid anymore— she’ll be a woman—and then what? I can’t help her now. I don’t know where she is—and I’m starting to get too scared to find out.”
“Jesus, Jack!” Bud said, exploding with exasperation. Jack looked at him, startled.
“You’re her father! That basically means that you are always too scared to find out what your kid is really up to and you are always terrified that he—she—is doing the wrong thing—but it does mean that you at least try to—do something!”
“I don’t know where to start, Bud,” Jack said, throwing out his hands.
“You can start by—stop trying to save the rest of the world,” Bud said, gesturing at the paperwork spread over the kitchen table. “Damn it, Jack—you need to find your daughter!”
Jack stared at him, unsure. After a long moment, Jack nodded.

Chapter 34
I have heard (but not believ'd) the spirits of the dead May walk again: if such thing be, thy mother Appeared to me last night; for ne'er was dream
So like a waking.
William Shakespeare (The Winter's Tale, 3.3)
Enid and Maria crouched behind a battered ice machine that stood near the entrance of Julioberto’s Gas-N-Go. The tiny gas station had one employee, a guy who couldn’t have been more than 23 years old and had the deadened expression of someone accustomed to the long, boring hours of the night shift. Other than him, the place was deserted.
Enid peeked from her hiding place, eyeing the cashier nervously. He was gangly and shaggy-haired and had his dirty, size-13 Vans kicked up on the counter as he listlessly watched an episode of Law and Order. Every slurp he took from his Coca-Cola was followed by a loud, prolonged belch, which he performed with an intensity that suggested that he was practicing for a world-championship burping contest.
Enid looked behind her. From either direction, the road stretched into the night, lit only by the moonlight. The gas station was a tiny patch of fluorescent glare in the night and, as desperate as Enid had been to get back to civilization and a phone, she was now feeling a profound paranoia, which left her frozen into inaction.
Enid glanced down at herself and saw that her clothes and skin were filthy with dirt and dried blood—some of it hers, some of it not. The memory of the horrible sound of her hammer cracking open Rick’s skull and the sight of brains and blood exploding upward was burnt into her like someone had taken a vicious branding iron to her soul. Enid shuddered and wrapped her arms tight around her body as she tried to muster the courage to move. She glanced at the cashier again and Jack’s cautionary words rang in her mind —
Look before you leap.
Maria nudged her and, caught off guard, Enid almost toppled over, but Maria grabbed her and kept her steady. Maria pointed at the front door and pantomimed talking on a phone.
Enid gave her a wan smile, feeling sick to her stomach. Since they had reached the gas station, Maria was now looking to Enid for guidance. Enid shifted nervously, desperately wishing that her Warrior alter-ego would return, but that part of her was as gone as gone could get.
Maria gestured toward the entrance, urging her to go in.
Enid nodded reassuringly, but she didn’t move. She had been racking her brain for any ideas of what to do next. After working through and discarding a series of elaborate schemes, she finally, to her surprise, decided to do what seemed like the easiest and most logical.
I’ll walk in and ask for help.
The idea was so simple that it actually made her almost smile. Besides, just like in the movies—weren’t guys always looking to rescue the girl? Enid decided that she would make herself appear as helpless and damselly-distressy as possible, so he would immediately recognize her as a damsel in distress—and then he would have to help her. She would explain that their car had broken down and, while they were walking up the road, they got robbed and had run into the desert. She would ask to use the phone, so that she could call Jack. After that, Jack would take care of everything.
The plan was simple, but she had learned the hard way never to ask herself “what could go wrong?” She had played that game before and lost big time. From here on out, she would assume that absolutely everything that could go wrong, would go wrong.
Enid swallowed hard and stared at the open front doors. Gathering up the tattered remains of her strength and courage, which felt painfully scanty, Enid gestured for Maria to wait there and she stood up. Grimacing with pain, Enid limped toward the open doors.
“Damsel in distress,” Enid muttered softly to herself. “I’m a damsel in distress.” She walked into the brightly lit store and stopped. She stared at the cashier, who was oblivious to her presence. After a moment, she called out in a timid voice, “Yoo-hoo.”
He didn’t hear her. His eyes were glued to the television as Briscoe cracked a joke over a dead body.
Enid cleared her throat and said louder, “Hello?” The guy glanced over.
As if in slow motion, Enid watched as his eyes got huge as two gaping potholes filled with liquid terror. A loud sound ripped through the store, which sounded suspiciously like the guy dropped a equally liquid load of fear into his drawers.
Alarmed, Enid popped her hand up in what she hoped was a friendly wave. “Hi!” The guy lurched to his feet so violently that his chair went careening backwards, knocking down a rack of cigarettes that came pelting down on his shaggy head. Shrieking incoherently, he staggered backwards, jabbing his finger at her as he twisted his head in all directions as if he were pointing her out to people who weren’t there.
“Aaaaaaah!” he shrieked, his face haggard with unholy terror. Enid stepped forward, hands outstretched. “No! I—”
The cashier grabbed a Coke bottle and hurled it at Enid.
Enid ducked, narrowly avoiding getting hit in the head. The flying bottle hit the plate glass window behind her and there was an explosion of shattered glass. Enid scurried away as glass shards rained down on her head.
“Zombie!” They guy screamed, “Fuuuuuckin-Zombieeeee!” He grabbed everything and anything he could from off the counter—bags of marbles, candy bars, plush toys, miniature flashlights—and hurled them in rapid succession at Enid.
Enid tried to crawl behind a nearby candy rack, but she was surrounded by a sea of glass shards and was too scared to move. In desperation, she threw up her hands, warding off the hurled objects until, with a flash of sharp pain, one of the miniature metal flashlights hit her in the temple. Eyes stinging with tears, Enid screamed, “I’m a damsel in distress! DAMSEL IN DIS-TRESS!”
The effort of yelling and fighting off the barrage of hurled items was too much for her. Defeated, Enid curled up like a turtle without a shell, her hands clenched protectively over her head. She had used up the last of her strength and she was done.
Let him kill me. I don’t care.
The cashier stood frozen, his arm up and ready to throw a purple plush octopus. After a long moment, he said, “What?”
Enid looked up at him, her words punctuated with a sudden case of painful and violent hiccuping. “Da - dam - sel - i - i - in - di - stres - s.”
His mouth formed a soundless “O” and, after a long moment, his arm dropped to his side.
Cautiously, he came around the counter and made his way toward her.
Head still down, Enid held out her hands, palms upward to show that she didn’t have a weapon.
He grabbed a broom and, walking toward her, held it in front of him for protection. Enid squeezed her eyes shut, dropped her head down and braced herself.
To her surprise, she heard the whisk of the broom sweeping broken glass. She opened her eyes, watching him as he swept a path through the shattered glass, making his way toward her.
When he was within a broom’s distance of her, he paused and, hesitatingly, he reached the broom out and carefully brushed glass from her left shoulder and her hair.
Enid sat still, letting him brush her clear of glass.
He sank down next to her, eyeing her up and down. “What the fuck?” “R - robbed,” Enid said, weakly.
“By who? Genghis Fuckin Khan?” He shot a frightened look at the door. “Holy batshit!
Did they follow you?”
Enid shook her head vehemently.
He relaxed, then lifted his chin with false bravado. “Good thing! Or I’d knock out the whole jack-assed bunch.”
“Phone,” Enid gasped out.
He hesitated, then said, “You gonna call the cops?” Enid shook her head, hiccupped, then said, “M’dad.” He nodded, thoughtful. “I’m Link.”
“Enid,” she said, making a face. Even through her broken nose, she could smell that Link reeked of pot.
Link leaned closer, examining her clothes. “Is that—blood?”
Enid looked down. Under the bright lights, the blood looked like —
“Chocolate,” Enid said, surprised at her fast lie. She glanced down again. The blood did look like chocolate.
“Chocolate?” he said, skeptical.
Worried about Maria and protecting the rest of the group that was still hiding in the desert, Enid decided that the only person she would tell the whole truth to was Jack. Stumbled over her words, she said, “There was a—chocolate factory—accident.”
“Ain’t no chocolate factory round here,” Link said with a frown. “It’s, uh—illegal. My aunt, Maria—she runs it.”
“What’s her chocolate called?” Link said. “Mel-li-ka,” Enid said, hesitatingly.
“Mel-li-ka?”
“Mellika chocolates,” Enid said. “They sell it in Mexico.”
“So, they’re illegally cooking up chocolate here and shipping it to—Mexico?” Enid nodded. “It’s a new thing. USA Today is doing an article on it next week.”
“Fuuuucked up,” Link said, reaching out and scraping off a chunk of blood from her shirt and bringing it toward his mouth.
Enid grabbed his wrist. “No!”
Link looked at her in stoner-surprise. “Dude?”
“It—it’s not processed yet,” Enid said. “It’s got toxins—it’ll kill you.”
“Aw, shiiit!” he said, violently wiping it off on his jeans. “I didn’t know chocolate was fucking dangerous!”
“More people get killed making chocolate than making meth,” Enid said.
“Jaaaacked up! Your auntie should get a job at the—” Link held his fingers to his temple like a gun and made a ‘pop’ sound, “pop a cow in the noggin place. Best job around.”
Enid shivered, mumbling more to herself than to Link, “Except for the doctor—” “Huh?” Link said, confused.
Enid’s eyes ran hungrily over the nearest candy rack and she reached out and grabbed a Snickers bar, tore off the wrapper and bit into it. A look of bliss sped over her face. “Ooooooh,” she said.
Link watched her, a smile spreading across his face. “You wanna smoke?” Enid stopped chewing for a moment, then shook her head.
Link said, “You look like you could use a hit.”
“You got Coke?” Enid said.
“You is a choco-covered baller, ain’t you?” Link said, shaking his head in disapproval. “I do plants, I don’t do powder. That stuff’s bad for ya, like, on a molecular level—like 3-D movies, man.”
“Coca-Cola,” Enid said.
“Oh! The soda. Yeah, man, I got tons of sugar water syrup. Ain’t got nothin against that kind of chemical.” Link started to get up, but Enid reached out and stopped him.
“I need a phone,” Enid said.
Link dug in his pocket and handed her his cell phone. “Thanks,” Enid said with a weak smile.
“By the way,” Link said, turning to her with a puzzled expression. “What’s a damsel?
And why is it in dis dress?”

Chapter 35
I didn’t fail the test. I just found one hundred ways to do it wrong. Benjamin Franklin
Jack knew that driving around the city and searching the streets for Enid was useless and stupid, but it didn’t matter—he was going to do it. His daughter was missing and he had done nothing to find her. Bud’s words had thrown stark illumination on the situation and Jack suddenly felt sick with shame.
What’s wrong with me?
Jack knew that it wouldn’t take much digging to find the gigantic flaws within himself that made him such a shit dad. Jack clenched his fists, hating that he had spent more time on trying to find Marina than on finding his own missing daughter. He had given Enid’s disappearance the same importance as a missing sock. Self-loathing swept over him as he remembered the promise that he had made to Enid—that he would try to be a better father and, at the first real test of that promise—
I failed.
It was his same old holding pattern of broken promises that he done a million times before, but this time, it wasn’t some woman he was trying to shake free of—it was his own daughter.
Bud had volunteered to call the police as well as all the local hospitals, while Jack decided that he was going to do what any normal father would do—search the city streets for his daughter. Keys in hand, Jack was on his way out the front door when his cell phone rang from a blocked number. He answered it.
“Hello?” Jack said, his stomach tense with anxiety—and hope. There was a hiccup and then, “J - Jack?”
“Enid!” Jack gasped, his legs going weak with relief.
Bud was instantly at Jack’s side, listening.
Enid said, “I can’t explain now, but you have to bring cars—or vans—enough for fourteen people—and me. You have to come get us—”
“Where are you?” Jack said, scowling. She sounded strange, like she was on drugs or coming down off a high. “Are you okay?”
An unfamiliar voice came on the phone and said, “Yo, man. Link here. The damsel says I got to text you the address and you come get her—K?”
“Stink?” Jack said, incredulously. “God damn it—put Enid back on!”
Enid got back on the phone. “Bring two vans! Don’t forget water and food—”
“Enid! Tell me where you are and I will come get you.” Fear prickling through Jack at the thought that Enid was high on Ecstasy, which was probably what was making her thirsty enough to want so much water. All the food was probably the results of the munchies. She probably wanted two vans to bring home everybody at the Rave.
“They tried to kill me!” Enid said, her voice shaking. “They tried to kill us—”
“Who—?” Jack said, fear tearing at his guts.
“They saved my life!” Enid said, “You have to help them—”
Link’s voice came back on the phone, “Dude, Enid and her auntie look like two extras in a fucking zombie flick—”
“Auntie?” Jack said, confused.
“Yeah, man!” Link said. “They got blown up doin their illegal chocolate. Man! Who knew choco-bakin’ was more dangerous than meth? Their car went broke-dope and they got jacked, then they hit the desert runnin' like two broke-dick dogs. I ‘bout shit my pants when she walked in here lookin' like Night of the Living fuckin’ Dead—”
“Give me your address!” Jack demanded, promising himself that once he got there he was going to beat the living tar out of Stink. Bud handed Jack a pen and, having no paper, Jack wrote the address on his own arm.
“Yeah, you best hurry! She’s a little—” Link made an odd whistling sound, indicating that Enid was off her rocker. “Now she’s talkin' bout the slaughterhouse up the road and some crazy doctor out to chop her up for her liver. I gave her a Coke—uh, the liquid, sugar kind, sir— and she wolfed five Snickers and suckered me for two more to take out to auntie—”
Jack realized his mouth was hanging open and he snapped it shut.
Bud, standing by his side, said, “Did he say liver?”
“I’m on my way,” Jack said to Link. “You keep Enid there or—or—I will fucking kill you!”
“Whoa, man!” Link bellowed indignantly. “That’s, like, uncalled for—!”
Jack hung up on him. He punched the address into his phone’s GPS and looked at Bud in surprise. “What the hell is she doing out there? That’s a two hour drive—” “Is she all right?” Bud said.
“This is nuts!” Jack exploded. “She’s either trashed out of her head on drugs—”
Bud said, “I heard the kid say “liver”—”
“He did,” Jack said grimly. “He also said slaughterhouse—and doctor.” Bud grabbed the car keys and headed for the door. “Let’s go.”
Jack grabbed his arm, stopping him. “I go alone.”
“I’m going with you,” Bud said, shaking off Jack’s hold on his arm.
Thinking about Bud’s heart condition, but not wanting to give that as a reason, Jack said, “You need to be fresh for tomorrow’s meeting—with Scott at Biomed.”
Bud frowned, unconvinced.
“Enid’s alive. She’s safe,” Jack said. “I just need to go get her and bring her home.” Bud hesitated, then said, “Be careful.”
Jack nodded, wondering if Enid really was safe. He didn't know what was worse—Enid high on drugs or her having anything to do with all the other stuff Stink had mentioned— explosions, doctors, livers, slaughterhouses, jacked cars, and meth! Jack’s head spun at the multitude of possible explanations for what had actually occurred.
“Call me when you can,” Bud said. “Let me know Enid is safe. Call me if you need anything.”
Jack nodded and headed out the door, determined that nothing was going to stop him from bringing Enid back home where she belonged—and she was going to be grounded until she was eligible for Medicare!

Chapter 36
And indeed there will be time
To wonder, “Do I dare?” and, “Do I dare?” Time to turn back and descend the stair, With a bald spot in the middle of my hair—
[They will say: “How his hair is growing thin!”]
My morning coat, my collar mounting firmly to the chin, My necktie rich and modest, but asserted by a simple pin— [They will say: “But how his arms and legs are thin!”]
Do I dare
Disturb the universe? In a minute there is time
For decisions and revisions which a minute will reverse.
T. S. Eliot
As soon as Bud’s head hit the pillow, he slipped into a deep, dreamless sleep.
The next morning, when Bud awoke, he lay in bed, wide awake and watching the prison-stripe pattern of sunshine that streamed through the blinds as it advanced across the floor toward him. The alarm had gone off twenty minutes prior and it was unlike him to linger in bed. He had never hit a snooze button in his life. He was in the habit of waking up well before the alarm went off, but this morning was different.
Bud was thinking about his future. Yesterday, he had almost not had a future. Today felt like a new starting line—the first day of a new life. He was filled with a mixture of fear and excitement at the thought of starting a new career as a private investigator. He had never envisioned himself being anything except a homicide detective for the City of Phoenix. It had become more than a career—it had become a huge part of his identity.
Bud winced at the memory of all the times he had jokingly said that he would work as a homicide detective until they forced him to retire. Those words, so lightly tossed out, had become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
That impossible, faraway date called “retirement” had rushed up and cold-cocked him in the face—hard. And then, from the least expected source, Jack Fox had offered him a new opportunity to continue doing the work that he loved.
Bud sat up, suddenly eager to be out of bed. He’d come within a frog hair’s breadth of sleeping in his final resting place yesterday and the memory of being trapped inside that coffin sent him hurrying into a steamy, hot shower.
Freshly scrubbed, he stood in front of the medicine cabinet and began feeding himself the first wave of his daily heart pills. Usually, his pill regimen made him feel old, but today the pills felt like a fresh start on life. He glanced at the clock. It was 7:45, a ridiculously late hour for him to be getting out of the shower. He caught his reflection in the mirror and stopped brushing his teeth, so he could look—really look—at his face. His eyes were bright with excitement, but they were not bright enough for him not to notice the deepening lines in his face and the greying hair. Grimacing, Bud turned away from his reflection and resumed brushing his teeth.
Wondering why he hadn’t heard from Jack yet, Bud thought about calling him, but decided against it. Jack would have had a long night and was probably sleeping in. Besides, Jack had talked to Enid on the phone, so she was going to be all right.
A frown darkened his face. Bud understood that just because Enid was found, it did not mean that she was all right. He checked his phone again and, no, Jack had not called. Bud rinsed his mouth, deciding that if he didn’t hear from Jack by 9:00 o’clock, he would call him.
From down the hallway, Bud could hear the sounds of Chip in the other bathroom. Chip was keeping strange hours, often coming in after 4:00 o’clock in the morning.
Bud had questioned him on several occasions, but Chip had given vague, evasive answers that made Bud sure that Chip was hiding something—maybe a new girlfriend that he was keeping under wraps. Bud didn’t press him for answers. Chip wasn’t a kid anymore. Bud decided to bide his time because, like always, he would eventually find out what was going on.
Remembering that he had lent Jack his car, Bud caught a disheveled and tired-looking Chip in the hallway.
“Where were you last night?” Bud said.
“Out,” Chip waved his hand airily, beelining it back to his bed.
“If you’re not working today,” Bud said, “I need to borrow your car.” “Where’s yours?” Chip said.
“Lent it to a friend,” Bud said. “I’ll get it back later today.”
Chip nodded and disappeared under his rumpled covers.
Within the hour, Bud was at the Biomedical Corporation, which was located in the North Scottsdale Airpark. Thanks to a missing-in-action secretary, Bud had gotten surprisingly easy access into Scott’s private office. The only decoration was a group of community service commendation plaques that hung on the wall and several robust-looking potted plants.
Bud had let himself in and was sitting in Scott’s office when Scott walked in. Scott stopped, startled.
In a glance, Bud took in Scott’s blond buzz-cut, sharp blue eyes and fair skin, which made him look like a grown-up Nazi youth gone corporate. His suit pressed to perfection, Scott had the cookie-cutter handsomeness of a successful pharmaceutical salesman.
Bud stood up, held out his hand and said, “I’m Bud Orlean. I was wondering if I could ask you some questions?”
Scott silently appraised him with wary eyes. “Who are you with?”
“No one,” Bud said with what he hoped was a winning smile. “Just myself.” “Are you a police officer?” Scott said. “You look like a police officer.”
Bud flinched. Scott had asked him the one question that he couldn’t answer—at least, not honestly. As a homicide detective, Bud knew exactly how to handle any situation, but he was not a homicide detective anymore and he wasn’t about to risk a misdemeanor by impersonating one.
Bud hesitated. “I’m a—private investigator.” Scott pursed his lips and sat down at his desk.
Bud resumed his seat and put on what he hoped was his best poker face. “I’d like to see your identification,” Scott said.
Bud flushed red, mortified to be caught in a lie. Before he realized exactly what he was saying, Bud blurted out, “I’m being blackmailed!”
Scott’s eyebrows went up in surprise.
Sweat breaking out in his pits, Bud stuttered, “I—I’m involved—in, uh, the same—triangle—that you are! I thought we could help each other.” Scott stared at him, his face unreadable.
Feeling physically uncomfortable with the unaccustomed lying, Bud forced himself to remain still. Silently cursing himself for telling such a reckless lie, Bud was about to stand up, apologize and leave when, to his surprise, he heard himself blurt out, “Dr. Charkov—he’s working with the FBI!”
Scott’s body jerked as if he had been stabbed by a fork.
Bud felt a surge of triumph and all of his fear melted away. Not recognizing himself, Bud leaned forward, his voice urgent. “Dr. Charkov cut a deal with the Feds. He’s going to testify against us while he gets off scot-free! Charkov gets the witness relocation program while we rot in prison for the rest of our lives!”
Scott’s face drained of color as he sat staring at Bud in shock.
Bud said, “I’m on the hook—just like you! There’s only one thing we can do—” “Kill him,” Scott hissed, his eyes shining like two blue diamonds.
Bud froze, startled.
Scott eyed Bud like a snake eyeing a mouse.
Bud took a deep breath and tried to steady his nerves. “You and me—we go to the FBI— since Charkov is the big fish trying to lock up a bunch of small fish—we give the FBI the big fish and then we cut a deal with the Feds. Then we’re the ones that get relocated and Charkov goes to prison.”
“Who are you?” Scott said, his voice low and ominous.
Bud jabbed his thumb into his own chest and was surprised to hear the words that were racing out of his mouth. “I’m the guy that’s not going to jail! I’m the guy that’s not going to be taking it up the ass from some hillbilly-Joe-Bob-Thornton who wants me to suck his dick! Don’t you get it? We’re two fucking tiny cogs in Charkov’s wheel, and we are going to get screwed and tattooed—unless we screw him over first!”
Scott’s eyes narrowed. “How do I know you’re not the FBI—or one of Charkov’s people?”
“I am one of Charkov’s people,” Bud snapped, “just like you are! I tell ya—Charkov is blackmailing me. Are you telling me that he hasn’t approached you yet—to blackmail you?”
Scott jumped up and paced with clenched fists. “Fuck, fuck—fuck! I knew I couldn’t trust that bastard!”
Legs trembling at his own audacity, Bud stood up. “One hundred thousand in cash—or he testifies against me.”
“That’s your problem!” Scott said. “What’s that got to do with me?”
“We’re all getting thrown under the bus, Scott!” Bud said. “Don’t think you’re immune just because he hasn’t button-holed you yet.”
“Jesus,” Scott gasped, his breathing coming fast.
“That’s why I’m here,” Bud said. “I want to turn the tables. We can blackmail Charkov.” Scott stared at Bud, eyes wide as if considering the scheme.
“We can go there now,” Bud urged. “Get the evidence we need. Once we have that—I know exactly who to contact in the FBI.”
Scowling, Scott shook his head. “They’ll never go for it—” “We have to get the evidence—now! Before it’s too late.”
Nodding his head, Scott slowly turned to stare at Bud, his eyes colder than a Canadian manhole in January.
Wary, Bud kept his eyes locked on Scott, unsure what his next move would be if things went off the tracks.
Scott hesitated, then said, “I know exactly where we can get everything we need—it’ll be enough for seven lifetime sentences for that bastard—if they don’t fry him first.”
Too stunned to speak, Bud stood unmoving, waiting for Scott’s next move.
Scott grabbed his wallet and keys and stalked to the door. “We’ll go in separate cars. Can you keep up?”
“You bet!” Bud said, following him.
As Bud hurried to keep up with Scott, Bud felt a strange, new sensation burning within him. The first time he had told a lie, telling Trevor at the funeral home that he was a reporter, it had almost gotten him killed. For some inexplicable reason, he had told another whopper and it was paying off big. He was going to get to the evidence that would put Charkov behind bars like the degenerate killer that he was.
It felt good.
Damned good.
Warning voices from from somewhere deep inside began caterwauling at him, but he pushed them back down into silence. He had started this and he was going to finish it. Realizing that he was smiling, Bud wiped the look from his face and thought—
I could get used to this.

Chapter 37
I figure if a girl wants to become a legend, she should go ahead and be one. Calamity Jane
It was 10:00 o’clock the next morning and Enid was fighting her way out of a fog of pain-medication-induced sleep. Memories were coming back to her—some hazy and some in sharp jabs. What seemed like moments before, she remembered being in the car with Jack as they drove from the gas station to the emergency room. The ER receptionist had taken one look at her, and the next thing Enid knew was that she was being swarmed by a bunch of people in blue scrubs as they hauled her onto a gurney and whisked her into a brightly lit room. She had fought them when they tried to cut off her clothes, but a nurse with a soothing voice had calmed her by telling her what they had to do in a no-nonsense, friendly way.
The doctor had poked and prodded her, looking for—well, she didn’t know what. They stuck needles in her arm and pumped her full of meds that made her feet feel like giant bags of cotton candy and her fingers feel like floating bananas. She had the sensation of being on a raft that was drifting out into a sea of darkness.
Clanging.
Someone was pounding a metal wrench against a metal door and, when she came to, she found herself trapped in a coffin. Fear lashed at her insides as she fought to escape. A ghostly voice told her to stay calm and hold still—they were running a test—an MRI. She got confused and thought that it was Maria telling her to hold still or the cow would wake up and she would be stuck in its gut forever. Terrified, she did remain still as she listened to the clanging cave that now reverberated with the sounds of metallic Jiffy Pop. That mysterious raft came up under her and she drifted back onto dark waters.
When she awoke again, the first thing she was aware of was that her feet were feeling less like cotton candy and more like throbbing, aching human appendages. The next thing she was aware of was that she was in a hospital room and there was bright sunshine splashed across her legs, warming them. She wiggled, trying to find a position that was more comfortable, but every motion sent jabs of pain through her aching body.
A shadow fell across her face and she looked up, eyes wide with the horrible fear that it was the doctor.
Jack.
Enid stared at him, too relieved to speak.
Jack gave a lopsided smile and said, “The doctor said you wouldn’t be awake for a couple more hours. They gave you enough painkiller to make a crack-head think it was Christmas morning.”
Enid stared at him. She had never seen that particular lopsided smile on his face before—and she had no idea what words came after a smile like that. Wanting to know, she stayed silent. “You’re going to be okay,” Jack said, his voice strangely gentle. “That’s what the doctor says.”
Enid stared at him, waiting for more.
Jack gave her a funny look. “Are you—do you understand what I’m saying, Enid?” “I’m not stupid!” Enid snapped, her anger mixing with disappointment. She didn’t know what she had expected, but it wasn’t that.
“There she is,” Jack said, smiling. “My sweet Enid.”
Enid gave him a sharp look, unable to tell if he was laughing at her. After a moment, she said, “Since when am I sweet?”
“Since I almost lost you,” Jack said simply.
There was something in his voice that went straight to Enid’s heart and she bit down on her lip in an attempt to keep it from trembling.
Jack said, “The doctor says you broke three ribs, your tailbone and you re-broke your broken nose, which they re-set. You were dehydrated, multiple contusions and they had to stitch you up in quite a few places. You’re going to have quite a scar on your left cheek.”
Enid’s hand went up to her cheek and she felt the butterfly bandages that went from her jawbone up to below her eye.
Jack said, “Twenty-two stitches—that’s just in your cheek. The doctor says scar cream will help it go down, so nobody will even notice.”
“Liar,” Enid said.
“Scout’s honor,” Jack said, holding up three fingers, “that is what the doctor said.” “I hate doctors,” Enid said softly, her face darkening.
Jack opened his mouth to speak, but a nurse entered the room.
The nurse gave Enid a pleasant smile. “Ah! Up and awake. How are we feeling this fine morning?”
Enid tried to smile, but couldn’t.
Jack nodded at the nurse and moved to the window, examining the blue sky as it held something of great interest.
The nurse said to Enid, “Time for your medicine.”
Enid hesitated, then took the pills that the nurse held out and put them in her mouth, chasing them down with a Dixie cup of water that the nurse handed her.
Jack turned to the nurse and said, “You’ll be cleaning her up today?”
The nurse glanced at Enid, who was in a hospital gown and, despite her fresh bandages and some minor cleaning, Enid still had mottled patches of dried dirt and blood, and her hair hung in lank, filthy strands. The nurse gave a bright smile and said to Jack, “There are wipes in the bathroom. You can clean her up.”
Jack’s brow wrinkled. “Don’t nurses—what do you call it—?”
“No,” the nurse said sweetly, “but feel free to help your daughter clean herself.” She turned and left.
Jack shook his head and went to the bathroom, returning with a box of wipes. He looked at Enid, unsure. After a moment, he said, “Enid, I hate to say this, but—you’re—really dirty. I’m going to—”
“What’d they give me?” Enid said, frowning at the empty Dixie cup.
“Pain meds,” Jack said as he took a wipe and began to hesitantly dab at her face.
Allowing him to clean her face, Enid lay still, calmly surveying him. After a long moment, she said, “Why do grown-ups do that?”
“Do what?” Jack said, trying to un-crust blood and dirt from her left ear.
Enid grimaced with his efforts and said, “Hey! You’re not working a jackhammer—that’s my ear and I might need it someday.”
“Sorry,” Jack said, switching to a fresh cleaning wipe and returning to the same ear with less force. “I’m new at this.”
After a moment, Enid said, “Grown-ups are such logical—assholes.” Jack looked at her in surprise. “Where’d that come from?”
Enid shrugged, embarrassed. She liked that Jack was trying to clean her ear. She had meant to say something nice—like thank you, but the asshole comment had come out instead.
After a moment, Jack said, “Adults may be logical assholes, but kids are illogical assholes. Becoming a logical asshole is actually making progress as a human being.”
Enid grimaced, trying hard not to look like she was enjoying his efforts as he worked his cleaning cloth across her face, carefully avoiding the butterfly stitches on her cheek.
“And stop with the cussing,” Jack said, “It’s not ladylike.” “I’m not a lady,” Enid said.
“Give me your hand,” Jack said.
Enid gave him her left hand and he began cleaning each finger.
Jack said, “I can’t believe nurses don’t clean patients anymore. When did that start happening?”
“How long do I have to stay here?” Enid said.
Jack sighed and said, “I’ve got an HMO, so they’ll probably have a bouncer in here any minute now.”
“A bouncer?” Enid said, puzzled.
“To bounce our butts out of here and back home,” Jack said with a wry smile. “I must have signed up for the plan that doesn’t even buy you a decent scrub-up.”
“How come you get to cuss and I don’t?” Enid said, pretending like she wasn’t enjoying the feeling of being cleaner.
Jack reached down and tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear. Grimacing, Jack pulled his fingers away from her hair, examined them in disgust. He began scrubbing his fingers with the wipes. “I have seen drains in public showers cleaner than they cleaned you.”
“Can you do my feet?” Enid said drowsily.
Jack hesitated and then said, “Sure.” He moved down to her feet and removed the socks that the hospital had given her. He stared in horror at her dirty feet. “How in the hell can they give you clean socks—and they don’t even bother to clean your feet?”
“Careful,” Enid murmured. “Hurts.”
Frowning with concentration, Jack gently went to work on her feet. After several moments, he said, “Enid?”
“Hmmm,” Enid said.
“I wanted to talk to you about the stuff you told Link.”
A frown skittered across Enid’s face, but her eyelids felt too heavy to lift. Jack said, “You said something about a doctor—and a liver?”
“Told him I was in a chocolate factory explosion,” Enid said, wishing that sleep would hurry up and get her out of answering any more questions.
“Were you?”
Reluctantly, Enid shook her head.
“Why’d you tell Link you were in a chocolate factory explosion?”
“Didn’t want to scare him,” Enid said sleepily. “Blood looks like chocolate.” “How’d you know that dried blood looks like chocolate?” Jack said.
“Stephen King,” Enid mumbled, feeling herself slip back down into sweet sleep.

Chapter 38
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes. William Shakespeare
Jack stared down at Enid as she lay asleep in the hospital bed. Except for the occasional truck-driver snore, she looked pathetically small and helpless. Jack frowned, knowing that Enid Iglowski was not as helpless as she appeared. That knowledge didn’t stop him from experiencing a bone-chilling horror at the thought of everything that she must have been through since her disappearance. His eyes lingered on the butterfly stitches that held together the wickedly long scar on her left cheek. There wasn’t a scar cream on the planet that would make that thing disappear.
It had taken superhuman effort for Jack to go easy on the questioning. He had had every intention of giving Enid an unrelenting third-degree interrogation on what exactly had happened to her, but everything had changed when he saw the shape she was in—and it had shaken him to his core.
Jack looked down at Enid. Despite his best efforts to clean her, she still didn’t look clean.
Random specks of blood and dirt clung to her exposed skin and her hair hung in lanky, blood-caked strands.
Jack’s mind returned to the previous night. He had driven to the small gas station in the middle of the Joshua tree forest and found Enid delirious and looking like she had taken a detour through World War III. Jack quickly realized that Enid had taken her life into her own hands when she walked into the Gas-N-Go looking like something out of a slasher movie. Thankfully, Link hadn’t been a good old boy with a gun, but it soon became clear why Link hadn’t wanted to call the cops. Link smelled like a skunk farm and was higher than a working man’s taxes.
Jack had struggled to get Enid to the car because she had insisted that they stay and look for someone named Maria. Link had even said there had been a Maria, but she was nowhere to be found. Jack didn’t care about anything but getting Enid to the hospital.
To get her into the car, Jack had tricked Enid. He had promised that, once she got in the car, he would go back and find Maria, but, once he got Enid into the car, he took off before she could do anything about it. She had thrown bitter words at him, but Jack had kept driving. Enid eventually sank into a lethargy of mumbled insults and uneven sobbing that eventually turned into a silent stupor.
Afraid that she had a head injury, Jack had tried to keep Enid awake and talking during the long ride to the nearest hospital, which was easier said than done. Jack threw out questions, which she had to be prodded to answer and, when she did answer, all he got was a series of incomprehensible mumblings. Every time her voice trailed off, Jack would reach over and shake her awake. At some point, she stopped getting angry and would respond by opening her eyes and looking around in surprise. Then he would throw out another question, which she would struggle to answer.
“What’s your favorite class, Enid?” “Hmmm?”
“Favorite class, Enid. In school—what’s your favorite class?”
And so it went. Jack lobbed questions and periodically shook her awake, wondering if she had been drugged or was using drugs—maybe with that skunk-farm named Link?
Jack tried to ask her about drugs and Link, but she could never quite form a complete sentence or thought on that subject. Several times, Enid would start crying and try to tell him about Maria, a doctor and what she called the people, but then she would fall abruptly silent, staring at the road ahead with wide, terrified eyes—like she was watching a horror movie that only she could see. The gash on her cheek was so hideous that Jack thought he saw something that looked like a molar, but since the wound was clotted with blood and wasn't actively bleeding, he didn’t dare do anything more than shudder and keep driving.
When they reached the hospital, Jack got Enid out of the car and carried her into the emergency room. One look at Enid and the staff had her whisked off on a gurney faster than the receptionist could wrangle Jack’s insurance card from his wallet.
While Jack was filling out the paperwork, a police officer arrived. Officer Candy was in his 40s and had a sunburnt face, grey eyes, and a buzz-cut that would rival the most zealous jarhead.
Jack looked up in time to see the receptionist make eye contact with Officer Candy and then point to Jack.
Jack had resolved that the best thing to do was tell the police the truth. Upon questioning, Jack told Officer Candy when Enid had gone missing and when and how he had found her. Jack made sure to mention that, when he got the call from Enid, he had been with a friend who was a retired homicide detective with the City of Phoenix.
Officer Candy took down pertinent information and the receptionist led them to where Enid was being treated. Enid lay on a gurney in a small treatment room.
Entering the room, Officer Candy came to an abrupt stop. He stared at Enid, shocked.
The doctor, who was in the process of suturing the gash in Enid’s cheek, looked up from his work. His eyes flicked between the policeman and Jack, and then landed on Jack. “Are you the father?”
“Yes,” Jack said.
“There are no signs of sexual assault,” the doctor said matter-of-factly. Jack’s legs went weak and he grabbed a chair for support.
Officer Candy put a hand on Jack’s shoulder and guided him toward the chair. “Sit down.”
Jack sank into the chair, feeling sick with relief.
The doctor said, “She’s medicated, so she won’t be able to answer any questions, but she has said some interesting things. She was talking about, let’s see—hiding in a cow, punching a flying liver, an evil doctor—of course, I didn’t appreciate that—nurses trying to kill her—that I can buy—and, let’s see, she mentioned Maria, Mrs. Rivera, Rick—I don’t think she liked him— and, hmm, there were people—lots of people—in the desert, evil trees that tried to kill her, but then the Warrior took over—and I think she hit somebody in the head with a hammer—possibly Rick.
Jack stared at the doctor in astonishment. “She talked about—livers?”
The doctor raised his eyebrows in surprise. “That’s what you got from all that? Livers?” “Did she name the doctor?” Jack said.
“Wasn’t me,” the doctor said with a shrug. “Did she say—Dr. Charkov?” Jack said.
The doctor looked up in surprise. “Charkov—the surgeon?” “You know him?” Jack said.
“I know all I need to know,” the doctor said with a shrug as he returned to suturing. “He doesn’t golf.”
Officer Candy said to Jack, “What does Dr. Charkov have to do with this?”
“I’m working on a case,” Jack said. “It’s unrelated—”
“A case? Are you a lawyer?” Officer Candy said with a frown. Jack hesitated, then said, “I’m a private detective.”
Officer Candy’s eyes lit up in recognition. “Oh! You—you’re the guy on the news—”
The doctor looked up, startled.
“I’m working on a missing person’s case,” Jack said, interrupting him. “It involves the black market on human organs.”
Officer Candy shook his head, wonderingly. “Why would you marry a woman who murdered half her family?”
The doctor’s eyes snapped in Jack’s direction, his eyes widening. “Ohhh—that’s you—you married the Hargrove woman! That’s all the news is talking about—”
“My daughter!” Jack said, his face reddening. “Can we talk about her?”
“Oh, it’s obvious what happened to your daughter,” the doctor said facetiously, waving his bloody hemostat in the air. “Some doctor tried to steal her liver and your daughter had to hide in a cow to escape from him—or her. I don’t want to stereotype,” he rolled his eyes and said sarcastically, “God forbid I have to go to another seven hours of torture on how to be politically correct and gender-sensitive—”
“The case I’m working has nothing to do with what happened to Enid,” Jack snapped.
“There’s simply no way the two can be related!”
Officer Candy stared at Jack with blunt curiosity.
“It’s impossible,” Jack said, as if trying to convince himself.
“Come on,” Officer Candy said, gesturing for Jack to follow him as he headed for the door. “Good luck with that sensitivity training, Doc.”
“Two more classes and I get a certificate,” the doctor said, disdainfully.
Once in the hallway, Officer Candy turned to Jack. “Has your daughter ever done drugs?” “Not to my knowledge,” Jack said, frowning. “All that stuff the doctor said she said—it’s mixed up, but—there’s got to be truth in there somewhere.”
“She talked about cows,” Officer Candy said. “There’s a slaughterhouse some miles back from where you picked her up. We can send a patrol car to check it out. What’s this Dr. Charkov got to do with your daughter?”
“Nothing. It was a shot in the dark,” Jack said. “The people in the desert—this Maria, Mrs. Rivera and Rick—do you think Enid was talking about illegal Mexicans?”
“More likely, your daughter came across something to do with drugs—like a meth lab.
That’s not our usual hot spot for trouble, but we’ll check it out.” “How?” Jack said. “With helicopters?”
“This ain’t Phoenix,” Officer Candy said with a mirthless laugh. “If you didn’t notice, we are in the sticks. The only helicopter you get here is if you’re at the local hospital and about to go belly up. Stay available, Mr. Fox.”
“You have my phone number,” Jack said.
Officer Candy turned to go, then stopped. He gave Jack a thoughtful look and said, “I didn’t mean to be rude back there, but, seriously, why did you marry Eve Hargrove?”
Jack sighed and said, “It’s a long story.”
“Always is,” Officer Candy said. “They say she’ll get life.” “I hope so,” Jack said.
Officer Candy looked at him, puzzled.
“Don’t worry,” Jack said. “I won’t be galavanting off on any honeymoon. I’ll be here— easy to find.”
They said their goodbyes and Jack went in search of a soda machine. He got a Pepsi and returned to Enid’s room. The doctor was gone and a nurse was cleaning up the mess that the doctor had left behind.
The nurse turned to Jack with a reassuring smile. “Your daughter is being admitted.
We’re waiting for a room to open, which shouldn’t be too long. We’ve been so busy! Luckily, we have a number of people in the process of checking out.”
“Not feet-first, I hope,” Jack said wryly.
A mischievous smile broke over her face. “Now that’s not good for business.” Enid let out another buzz-saw snore.
The nurse looked at Enid and shook her head, “You need to get this child checked for sleep apnea.”
“She’s got a broken nose,” Jack said.
“Well, then, I’m glad she’s on pain meds because that sounds like it would hurt,” the nurse said. She looked disapprovingly at the Pepsi. “I hope that’s not breakfast!” Without waiting for an answer, she said, “Cafeteria is on the first floor. You can have a nice, healthy dose of fried eggs and bacon.”
Jack took her advice and found his way to the cafeteria. While he ate breakfast, he used his napkin to write all of the key words or phrases that the doctor had mentioned.
flying liver
evil doctor
evil trees
Warrior
Warrior saved her
hiding in a cow
Maria
Mrs. Rivera (Riviera?)
People in the desert
They saved my life
Rick
Didn’t like Rick
Killed Rick with a hammer
Jack frowned and crossed out “killed Rick with hammer” and wrote the word “hammer.” Jack examined each line, looking for any connection or potential meaning. Officer Candy had said there was a slaughterhouse in the area, so that could explain the cows, but—what was Enid doing in a slaughterhouse? Jack shook his head, wondering if it were even possible to hide inside a cow—although he recalled stories his grandmother had told him about Apaches surviving sudden blizzards by cutting open their horse so they crawl inside to keep warm until the storm had passed.
Jack considered this, but quickly dismissed it. There was no way that Enid would be capable of doing such a thing. It was probably some pain pill hallucinations.
As far as Maria, Mrs. Rivera and Rick—there were tons of possibilities. Maybe Maria was another doctor? Maybe a nurse? An illegal immigrant? Or maybe Maria ran the meth lab that Enid stumbled into and the people in the desert were the people at the out-of-control Rave where Enid got bonked out of her skull on drugs—
Jack sighed. There were so many possibilities that, until Enid woke up, it was a big fat mystery that was like fingernails scraping down the chalkboard of his brain.
He turned back to his notes and examined the name “Maria.” A cold chill jangled down his spine as Jack suddenly recalled Bud telling him about La Bestia, the train that was notorious for having its travelers kidnapped by the Mexican mafia, so that the Mafia could steal their organs to sell on the black market. Jack wondered how many black markets were in existence in Arizona. Was it only one or were there multiple organizations working separately? It seemed like such a simple question, but he had no idea. If it was only one organization—what if they had multiple suppliers?
Jack’s eyes lit up at a new thought. What if it was one organization gathering human organs from multiple sources—then those sources could be the luckless travelers on La Bestia or illegal immigrants making their way across the border or mail-order Russian brides. Jack was struck with the fact that they were all people in vulnerable situations that were custom-made to slip through the cracks of society, disappearing without a trace.
Jack frowned, finding it impossible to believe that Enid could have, against astronomical odds, stumbled into the middle of his case—not to mention Bud’s case.
Jack bit his lip in frustration as he recalled Officer Candy scoffing at the idea of having a helicopter search the desert. How in the hell were the police going to find a group of people in the vast Joshua tree desert if they weren’t able to search from the sky? It would cost a fortune—
Jack froze.
An idea sprouted in Jack’s mind, but the idea was so monstrous that, at first, he didn’t want to believe that it had come from within himself. The Jack Fox that he knew himself to be would never consider such an idea. That Jack Fox would rip out an idea like that and destroy it like it was poisonous kudzu heading for the garden. Jack watched, half-amazed and half-horrified, as the idea grew within him, taking its first tentative roots.
Like a mouse under the spell of a cobra’s dance, Jack felt helpless under the weight of the new idea even as he felt it growing stronger within him. Just as he became convinced that he must break free of the idea, it was too late. The thing had taken hold of him and—what had been the impossible had suddenly become—the possible.
Jack remembered the pleading expression in Enid’s eyes when she begged him to look for Maria. He had lied to Enid, saying he would, and then tricked her into the car so he could get her to the hospital. On the phone, Enid had begged him to bring vans, food and water—and he had not. While Enid had been fighting to survive, he had been screwing her school counselor and looking for Marina.
Shame flooded through Jack at the realization that he had failed Enid in every possible way. At any point in time, he could have been a normal, decent, human being of a father. He could have stopped her from going out with her friends. He had heard her leaving the apartment that night, but he had done nothing to stop her—and now Enid was paying the price of having him as a father. Jack knew he couldn’t go back in time and change anything that he had done in the last 48 hours, but he could take action now.
Danny’s words rang in his ears, ‘Sign the contract and you are a wealthy man.’
Virgil had called it “fuck you” money, and Jack couldn’t help but think that it was exactly that kind of money that could pay for a fleet of helicopters to search the desert for whatever it was that was out there—Maria, a band of illegals, meth labs, or simply the trashed area after a Rave.
Jack stood up and looked around the noisy cafeteria. The old Jack Fox would never sign a contract that put him under Eve’s power, but the old Jack Fox was—a horrible dad.
Jack felt a stab of pain as he remembered how much he hated his own father and, to his horror, he realized that he was no better than his old man. Enid was eventually going to realize that he was a total loser and she would end up hating him the way he hated his own father.
Just once, he wanted to do the right thing—not for himself, but for Enid. Jack got out his cell phone and made the call.
Danny answered on the first ring. “Mr. Fox, how can I be or service?” “I’ll sign the contract,” Jack said, “but I want something in return.”
Danny’s smile was almost audible. “Excellent! Once the contract is signed, the full power of my office is at your service. Where can we meet?”
“I need you to hire enough helicopters to do a complete aerial search of the Joshua tree desert. I’m looking for a group of Mexicans.”
Without missing a beat, Danny said, “For what purpose?” “Didn’t Virgil call it fuck you money?” Jack said. “Well—” Danny said.
“Then fuck you, Danny,” Jack said. “Just do it.”
“It’s going to cost you,” Danny said, not sounding offended.
“My attorney told me I’m wealthy,” Jack said. “If that’s still you, then you’re going to hire a fleet of helicopters to search the Joshua forest. If you find a trashed area after a Rave, then clean it up. If you find a bunch of meth labs, then report back to me. If you find any illegal immigrants, then pick them up, get them to a secure location for water, food, medical attention— whatever they need.”
“What’s the end game?” Danny said.
“Maybe nothing,” Jack said. “Maybe witnesses—to a crime.” “Heinous?” Danny said, his voice strangely hopeful.
“That’s what we’ll find out,” Jack said.
“Once you sign the contract, you’ll have full access to your wife’s money,” Danny said. “I’ll sign the contract as soon as you can get it to me,” Jack said, “but I start spending that money right now, Capisce?”
Danny hesitated, then said, “When you say heinous—?”
“If what I think is happening is happening—these dick-wipes make my wife look like Mother-fucking-Teresa.”
“Hmmm,” Danny said.
“We’re looking for a doctor, a nurse, Maria, Mrs. Rivera—or a Mrs. Riviera—and/or a Rick. Any or all of the above will do.”
“In the Joshua tree forest?” Danny said, unsure.
“Your job is to use that money to do whatever you have to do to find them before anyone else does,” Jack said.
“You’ll sign the contract?” Danny said. “You have my word,” Jack said.
“Said the man who just told me to fuck off,” Danny said, his voice pleasant. “Proves I’m honest,” Jack said.
“I need the coordinates for the area you want searched—” “It’s the Joshua tree forest,” Jack said.
“Could you be more specific?”
“No,” Jack said. “Just find them.”
“I’ll put my best team on it,” Danny said.
Jack gave him his location and ended the call. For the first time, Jack felt the heady powers of an unlimited budget. It felt surreal—and addicting.
He had the added pleasure of knowing that Eve would soon find out that he was spending her money like a drunken sailor in a whorehouse.
He’d make sure that Enid would go to the best schools and get the best medical care as she recovered. In fact, he’d send her and her friends and her whole damned school to college! He’d cut through Eve’s fortune like a hot knife through fresh-churned butter.
When Eve saw how fast he was spending her money, maybe she would even agree to give him that divorce he wanted. She’d have to! Or, if she did manage to beat the charges and get out of prison, he’d make sure to leave her busted flat and looking for dimes on a flophouse floor.
Whistling, Jack walked back to Enid’s room, where he remained with her while she slept.
Within an hour, she was transferred to a private room. That’s when she had awoken for the first time and they had talked and he had attempted to clean her.
As much as he wanted to press her for information, he had forced himself to keep the conversation light. Jack hadn’t even minded that the nurse refused to clean Enid and that he had to do it. Of course, the pain pills had knocked Enid out again and, for another two hours, he’d been hanging out in her room, waiting for her to wake up again.
Jack was just considering going to the cafeteria for lunch when Enid awoke with a shout of pain.
Jack was instantly at her side. “What? What is it?”
“It hurts,” Enid gasped, her hand clenched to her side. “I’ll get the doctor!” Jack said, reaching for the buzzer.
“No!” Enid said, grabbing his hand. Wincing, she released his hand. “I—uh—I’ll be okay.”

“If you’re hurting—”
“I—I had a bad dream,” Enid said with a frown.
“Well, I’m right here,” Jack said, grimacing at how stupid and inane his words sounded.
Like he could protect her from nightmares!
Enid looked down at her hands and said, “You cleaned me.”
“Somebody had to,” Jack said with an awkward smile. “I’ve seen farms with less dirt.” Enid looked up at him, curious. “You said you had people looking for Maria. Are you lying?”
“It’s the truth,” Jack said, unable to hide his smile of pleasure.
To his surprise, Enid’s eyes filled with tears.
“What? What did I say?” Jack said, alarmed. “Oh, please,” Jack said, looking around the room as if seeking help, “don’t cry! It’s not good for your bandages—or your nose—”
To his surprise, Enid laughed so hard that she snorted.
Jack stared at her in confusion as her snort-laughter morphed into violent sobbing. “Jesus,” Jack said, stepping forward. He patted her shoulder awkwardly. “You’re a freaking mess.”
Struggling to speak through her sobs, Enid managed to choke out. “I—I—I killed somebody!”
“I know, kiddo,” Jack said with a frown as he remembered Dennie Dutter, the pedophile scumbag that she had killed in self-defense over six months ago. “You had to do it. Haven’t you and Mel—Ms. Stuckley—been talking about that?”
“Nooo!” Enid choked out through broken sobs. “Another one—I killed—another—one…”
Jack stared at her, his mouth hanging open in shock.
“I used a ha-ha-ha-hammer—and his head ex-PLODED!” Enid said, her sobbing escalating.
Jack moved to the door and shut it, turning the lock. He came back to Enid’s beside, deadly serious. “Enid—”
“I don’t wanna go to j-j-j-jail!” Enid wailed.
Jack placed his hand on her arm, wishing he could hug her, but knowing that he would probably only hurt her. “Shhhh,” he said, feeling helpless as he tried to sound calmer that he felt, “It’ll be okay…”
Enid sobbed, “I didn’t mean it—it just—h-h-happened.”
Mechanically, Jack patted her arm and kept repeating, “Shhh, it’ll be okay,” but his mind was racing with chaotic thoughts that scrambled over each other like skid-row drunks fighting for the last bottle. Jack had a sudden, intense wish that Melody was by his side—she’d know what to do.
“I’m scared!” Enid gasped out.
The next thing that Jack knew, he was in the bed and had Enid cradled in his arms the way his mother used to hold him when he was a boy. He gently stroked her hair and murmured soft, comforting sounds, which might have been words—he didn’t know. Jack held Enid in his arms and gently rocked her back and forth. It was a long time before her sobs subsided. When Enid did pull away from him, her eyes met his with a look of such pathetic pleading that he felt his heart contract painfully.
“Do you hate me?” Enid whispered.
“No!” Jack said, deeply surprised. “Why would you think that?” Enid gave him a tremulous smile. “Even after—what I told you?”
Shaking his head, Jack said, “You wouldn’t do it—unless you had no choice. I wish—it should have been me there—taking care of you.” “But you don’t hate me?” Enid said.
Jack gave her a lopsided grin and said, “No, kiddo. I love you.”
Enid’s lips trembled with a grateful smile, but she was too overcome to speak. “When you’re feeling better,” Jack said, “we’ll figure everything out. I promise.”
Enid nodded, carefully wiping away some of the tears that were soaking her butterfly bandages over the new scar.
“In the meantime,” Jack said, glancing behind him at the locked door, “you can’t tell anybody—not even the police. Promise me you’ll keep it a secret—between us—until I can talk to a lawyer and figure out what to do. Can you do that, Enid?”
Enid nodded.
“Okay,” Jack said. “Are you going to be okay? Just till I come back—I have to make some phone calls.”
“Promise you’ll come back,” Enid said. “Ten minutes,” Jack said. “I promise.”
Enid leaned back on the pillows, her eyelids beginning to droop sleepily.
Jack leaned down and planted a kiss on her forehead the way his mother used to do with him. “I’ll be right back,” he said, then hurried from the room.
Jack headed down the hallway, quickening his pace with every step until he was running.
He barged into the stairwell and bounding downward. He wanted to be outside in the open air where he could think.
He flew out the exit, stumbling and almost falling into the parking lot. He grabbed a nearby car, which set off the car’s alarm, which sent him hurrying past the blaring car and into the next row of parked cars.
Jesus!
Enid killed a man—with a fucking hammer!
His mind reeling, Jack walked unseeingly between rows of parked cars. He felt sick and helpless with fear. The memory of his horrible vision about Enid being in danger came back to him like a sickening punch to his gut. Somehow, Enid had gotten herself out of a dangerous situation, but Jack knew from personal experience that that was just the beginning of her troubles.
Just like he had to deal with the pain of his mother’s suicide, Enid would have to deal with the knowledge that she was responsible for not one, but two killings—and all before she turned 18!
Just like his childhood had been snatched away when he found his mother hanging from a noose, Jack knew that Enid’s childhood was being snatched away also. He had spent years not dealing with the trauma of knowing that his mother took her own life and that she felt she had nothing to live for—not even him. That was the moment his childhood had ended. He had spent years pushing the pain down into a locked-up, hidden place where he would never have to deal with what was wrong with him. And there was something wrong with him. He had always known that there would be no magical “someday” when he would wake up and all the bad stuff that was wrong with him would be suddenly okay.
All that stuff with his mother and his dad—he had never dealt with it and it had fucked up his head. With women—he’d always made promises that he never intended to keep. He’d lied, he’d cheated…
His mind jumped back to his ex-wife —
Psycho Stella.
For the first time, Jack lifted the edge of the soiled tablecloth that hid all the lies he’d told to himself over the years. For a man who prided himself on getting to the truth—he had a sudden flash of understanding that when it came to the truth about himself—he was the master of deception.
When he had met Stella, she had been crazy, yeah, but she had been crazy good. By the time he’d put her through the wringer, he was the one who had turned her into psycho-Stella. When she left him, she took everything—drained his bank account and, as bitter as he’d been at the time, he had also, deep down, felt relief. He’d always told himself that Stella was a gold digger who had stolen all his money, but, truth be told, hadn’t he somehow imagined that it was a cash payoff that let him off the hook and made everything even-Steven between them?
Sure, Stella had cheated on him, but hadn’t he cheated on her? Jack hadn’t meant to screw Stella’s best friend—didn’t she know that? And didn’t the money Stella stole from his bank account make it better?
Or did it?
His mother had killed herself.
His father was a bigamist, and Jack and his mother were the family that his father had carefully kept hidden from public view. That was all Jack had to contend with, and that had been enough to screw him up, but —
Enid killed another person—with a hammer!
Jack leaned against a car, feeling nauseous at the thought that Enid was a screwed-up kid who was going to turn into a screwed-up woman—if she didn’t end up dead first—or in jail—or—
And he hadn’t even told Enid that he had gotten married and she had a little sister on the way. Jack pushed himself off the car and returned to wandering through the parking lot, not seeing anything. He had never been given to self-reflection, but this was different. Enid needed help and he was going to have to step up to the plate and help her in any way he could.
No more screwing Enid’s counselor! No more screwing serial killers! No more lying and no more breaking promises!
Thinking of promises, Jack checked his watch and saw that he needed to get back to the room. He had said ten minutes and, come hell or high water, he was going to keep every promise from here on out—if it killed him!
From behind him, a man’s voice said, “Jack Fox.”
Jack turned and, before he could speak, he saw a man holding out something. Before he could react, the whirring blur of Taser leads flew through the air, implanting in his chest. Electric pain seared through every muscle and Jack hit the asphalt, helpless against the convulsions that were shaking him like he was a jerking rag doll. The electric storm of pain abruptly ended in blackness.

Chapter 39
The devil is an optimist if he thinks he can make people worse than they are. Karl Kraus
Driving Chip’s beater Honda south on Scottsdale Road, Bud had to push himself to keep up with Scott’s Mercedes, which sported an obnoxious vanity license plate that read LOADED. It never failed to amaze Bud when people involved in criminal activities flaunted excess income— and to flaunt it using a vanity plate, in Bud’s opinion, was failing a very basic I.Q. test. Scott being an idiot was definitely working in his favor. Bud still couldn’t quite believe that Scott had bought his bogus story that he was being blackmailed by Charkov, but Scott had bought it—hook, line and sinker. And now Scott was actually leading him to Charkov so that they could gather evidence for the equally bogus FBI agent.
Bud gave a grim smile of satisfaction. During his long career, Bud had been forced to occasionally improvise, but nothing he had done in the past had come close to what he had just pulled off with Scott. Being a homicide detective meant following certain rules and regulations. Bud didn’t mind. He had always been conscious that he was good enough at what he did that he never had to break the rules. He had never even been tempted to stick so much as a curious toe into any grey areas.
As of this morning, Bud felt like he was a man entering a new world. In Scott’s office, he had lied and schemed in ways that, just days ago, would have been unimaginable. He, him—Bud Orlean, the original straitlaced, play-it-by-the-book, true-blue detective, had walked into Scott’s office and told a huge whopper of a story—and it had worked.
Bud unsuccessfully tried to keep the grin from spreading across his face. He couldn’t recall another time in his career when he had felt quite the same way. Pulling the wool over someone’s eyes—particularly a scumbag like Scott—felt amazing! He felt a thrill of delight— impishly mixed in with something boyish—like playing hooky, which he had never done—or being an awkward teenage boy and stealing a kiss from a beautiful girl, which he had done.
Bud was driving behind Scott’s car as they both slowed for a yellow traffic light. Bud wiped the smile from his face and replaced it with a grim look that was more in keeping with what Scott would expect to see if he looked in his rearview mirror.
Without warning, Scott swerved his Mercedes into the left lane, causing a lumbering U-Haul truck to screech to a jarring halt, which perfectly blocked in Bud’s car, making it impossible for him him to escape. Bud watched helplessly as Scott’s Mercedes careened through the yellow light, barely missing an SUV.
“Crap!” Bud said, staring in dismay at Scott’s disappearing car. He scanned the road, looking for a place to follow, but he was blocked in with an SUV in front of him, the U-Haul to his left and, to the right, his car was up against a sidewalk bordered by a concrete wall.
Bud impatiently tapped his fingers on the steering wheel as he watched the flow of opposing traffic. The red light felt painfully long.
Taking a chance, Bud dialed Scott’s cell phone and wasn’t surprised when he didn’t answer. Without leaving a message, Bud hung up.
The light finally turned green and Bud moved forward with the traffic until he could find an opening that he could wedge forward through, which he did—earning himself a one-finger salute from a soccer mom in a sedan. Bud gave an apologetic wave, which earned him a double-jabbed salute. Speeding forward, ahead of traffic, Bud knew that his only hope of catching up with Scott would be if Scott had managed to wrap the Mercedes around a telephone pole. He drove as far south as Camelback and, knowing there was no way that Scott would have entered the notoriously slow-moving traffic of Old Scottsdale, Bud turned and headed west on Camelback Road. Bud pulled into a parking lot and phoned Jenson, who picked up on the first ring.
Jenson said, “Good Gracious and Mother Mary, Bud! Your friend, that crazy Jack Fox— he actually up and married Eve Hargrove! It’s all over the news. What the hay-beans is that dafter thinking—marrying that cracked teapot of a so-called woman?”
“I got a break in the Espillito case,” Bud said. “I need you to put out an APB on a black Mercedes with the Arizona license plate L-O-A-D-E-D.”
“Subtle,” Jenson said dryly. “Might as well get a bull-horn announcing he’s a drug lord— or impotent.”
Bud said, “Jenson—”
“Consider it done,” Jenson said. “Bud, I—uh—think you should know that there’s a rumor working its way through the mill—”
“I resigned,” Bud said, interrupting Jenson before he could say the dreaded words. “I’m done—out.”
Silence.
“Jenson?” Bud said. “You didn’t know?”
“I’m a detective, Bud.” Jenson said, his voice thick with irritation. “I think that if you resigned—I’d know about it.”
Bud remained silent, unsure what to say or think. He had supposed that Bram, with his usual vindictiveness, would have made sure that everyone in the department knew about his Virgily over Bud—even if Bram had to shell out his own cash to paint it over the precinct in sky-writing. After several moments, Bud said, “What’s the rumor?”
Jenson hesitated. “It’s Bunnie.”
“What about her?” Bud said, his voice rough with concern. “Is she all right?”
“Snug as a bug,” Jenson said with feigned cheerfulness. “And, uh, it’s not really a rumor—more along the lines of, well—it’s a fact.” “Jenson!” Bud yelled. “What about Bunnie?” “She’s cooling it in the can,” Jenson said.
Bud felt the blood run out of his face.
Jenson said, “Disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, indecent exposure and, uh—”
“And what?” Bud said, wincing at the memory of Bunnie running around the front yard in her scanty lingerie, which would explain the indecent exposure charge.
“She called Judge Hedgehog—a putz,” Jenson said.
“Ooooh,” Bud said, letting the air go out of him like a deflating balloon. Judge Hedgehog ran his court like a fiefdom—with himself set up as king. “How much time did she get?”
“Thirty days,” Jenson said.
“For Hedgehog—that’s letting her off easy.” “Thought you might want to know,” Jenson said.
“Thanks,” Bud said, feeling more than a little relieved that Bunnie hadn’t used her one phone call to phone him. He couldn’t help but wonder who she had called.
“Are you and Bunnie back together?” Jenson said.
Bud shook his head, then remembered that Jenson couldn’t hear a head shake. “No,” Bud said. “By the way, I was joking about resigning.”
“The rumors of your resignation have been greatly exaggerated, is that it?” Jenson said with a laugh.
“If Bram didn’t put it up in sky lettering, then I guess it’s not true,” Bud said.
“You retiring—or resigning—is about as likely as you showing up for work singing a Broadway musical revue in an Easter bonnet.”
“Or Jack Fox marrying Eve Hargrove,” Bud said dryly. He wondered what Jenson would think when he didn’t show up for work tomorrow. He also wondered why Bram hadn’t told anyone about forcing Bud out. Either way, it would all come out tomorrow—when he didn’t show up for work as scheduled.
Jenson said, “What are we picking up L-O-A-D-E-D for?”
“Bring him in for questioning on the Espillito case,” Bud said. “He’s in the medical company that launders human organs for the black market. He can lead us to all the proof we need to nail the doctor who is involved, most likely a Dr. Charkov. That’s with a C.”
“Doesn’t sound like you’re working part-time to me, Bud,” Jenson said, impressed. “You been out making deals with the devil?”
Briefly, Bud filled Jenson in on the facts, leaving out the fact that he had misrepresented himself and purposely misled Scott into believing that he was being blackmailed by Dr. Charkov.
“I’ll call you when we pick him up,” Jenson said. “I appreciate it, Jenson,” Bud said.
“Toodles,” Jenson said and hung up.
Bud’s eyebrows went up with surprise at the new “toodles” sign-off. That was a new one and pushing it, even for Jenson.
Bud phoned Jack, but there was no answer. Irritated that Jack hadn’t called him with an update on Enid, Bud left a message for Jack to call him. He then looked up the phone number for the Gas-N-Go where Jack had gone the night before to pick up Enid. He phoned the number and a man with a gruff voice answered.
“Julioberto’s,” the man said.
“I’m a relative of the girl who came in last night,” Bud said. “I wanted to find out what happened to her.”
“That kid’s got a family tree bigger than my first wife’s ass,” the man said.
“Just one family member,” Bud said with a frown. “Her father picked her up last night—” “Then who are the other yokels that keep calling here ‘bout her?” he said.
“How many people have called about her?” Bud said.
“Not that many,” the man said. “Only about as many teeth in my first wife’s cheatin' smile.”
“How many is that?” Bud said, almost afraid of the answer. “Three,” he said.
“What did they want?” Bud said.
“Same thing as my first wife always wanted,” the man said with wheezing chuckle. “What’s that?” Bud said, exasperated.
“More than I ever wanted to give her, that’s for sure!” the man said with a cackle.
Bud rolled his eyes and said, “Without giving me any more information about your first wife, can you tell me what hospital that they went to?” “I can do that,” the man said.
“Well?” Bud said.
“Same place as my second wife got her hysterectomy,” the man said with a guffaw. “And where would that be?” Bud almost yelled.
It took three more bad jokes to get to the name of the hospital and, without thanking him, Bud hung up.
Bud called the hospital and asked to be connected to Enid Iglowski’s room. After a couple of minutes, a woman came back on the line and told him that Enid Iglowski was no longer in the hospital.
“Was she discharged?” Bud said.
“Are you a family member?” the woman said. “I’m her uncle,” Bud lied.
“I can put you through to the floor that she was on.” “Thanks,” Bud said.
The phone rang for almost a minute before a woman answered. “Third floor. Tanya.”
“Hi, Tanya,” Bud said, “I’m trying to reach Enid Iglowski. The lady at the front desk told me she’s no longer there. Was she discharged?”
“Hold on,” Tanya said, placing him on hold. Within moments, Tanya came back on and said, “You’re a family member?”
“I’m her uncle. My brother, Jack Fox, brought her in early this morning.”
“Oh,” Tanya said, hesitating. “She had some complications. We had to do a Medevac to Maricopa County Hospital in Phoenix.”
“What?” Bud said, startled. “When?”
“Just happened,” Tanya said. “I can give you the number to the County Hospital. They helicoptered her there, so she’s probably just getting there—or, wait,” she listened to someone speaking in the background, “Yeah, she’s probably just getting there. She needs emergency surgery that our hospital is not equipped for.”
“Surgery?” Bud said, feeling his legs go weak with fear at the thought of Enid being in the same hospital as Dr. Charkov.
“Do you want that phone number?”
With shaking hands, Bud took down the number and hung up. He dialed Jack and, when he didn’t answer, he left the message, “Enid’s at County Hospital—about to get surgery! Charkov is there! I’m heading over there now. Where the hell are you?”
Before he had hung up, Bud was tearing out of the parking lot and toward the hospital.

Chapter 40
All are not cooks that walk with long knives. Russian Proverb
After Jack had left her room, Enid lay perfectly still in the hospital bed, feeling miserable and sick. She hadn’t planned to tell Jack that she’d killed a man with a hammer. In fact, she’d sworn to herself that she would never tell anyone as long as she lived. Then, she had opened her mouth and, before she knew it, she was spurting out the story like it was high-pressure water out of a fire hydrant. The look of horror on Jack’s face was super-glued in her brain, and now all she wanted was for him to come back, so she could explain and try to make him understand—
I’m not a monster!
Enid had seen the look in his eyes and, as sure as she knew her own name, she knew that Jack now thought that she was a horrible murdering monster. A voice from somewhere deep inside whispered…
What if I am?
Enid pulled the covers up under her chin as if they could protect her from her own thoughts. If she could somehow explain what had happened—why she had to do it—maybe he would understand and it would take that horrible look off his face. Maybe, if he didn’t look at her like that, then maybe she could believe that she was going to be okay. Her eyes went to the clock and she frowned, puzzled at what was taking Jack so long to return.
Fighting against the pain and the effects of the medication that was making her thoughts blurry and her movement slow, Enid struggled to sit up. The effort of making it into the sitting position made her feel lightheaded, but she forced herself to take slow, deep breaths until she felt less dizzy. She leaned forward, straining to see out the window and down into the parking lot. If she could spot Jack’s car, then she would know that he hadn’t left.
Instead of spotting his car, Enid saw Jack. He was walking through the parking lot and, to her surprise, he was meandering around like he was deep in thought—or lost. Enid wrinkled her brow, puzzled. He wasn’t talking on the phone—he was just wandering around like a mental case, which made her anxiety spike.
What’s he doing?
Is he going to leave?
Feeling panicky, Enid hit the call-button for the nurse. The motion made her feel nauseous enough that she grabbed the kidney-bean-shaped vomit-bowl and held it tightly in her lap. It felt like there was nothing in her stomach, but something was threatening to come up.
Enid nervously pinched at the plastic edge of the bowl as she watched Jack take a turn between two cars that took him farther from her view, which gave her an almost irresistible urge to break back into tears. She wanted Jack here. Even if he was just sitting there, not talking—she didn’t care.
When she was alone, every time she closed her eyes, all she could see was that man’s head exploding in a burst of blood and bone. The sound of the hammer cracking into his skull filled her ears again and again—like the crack of a whip that kept coming down on her unprotected flesh—and she couldn’t make it stop.
The nurse came into the room and, snapping on gloves, she said, “What’s wrong, honey?
Not feeling good?”
“Can you get my dad?” Enid said, pointing down into the parking lot. “I—I need to talk to him.”
The nurse glanced out the window, frowning. She was about to say something, but, seeing Enid’s worried face, she changed her mind and gave a kind smile. “I’ll see what I can do.”
Enid nodded her thanks because she didn’t trust herself to not start crying again. The nurse left the room.
Enid looked out the window, watching Jack. Her eyes were caught by a windowless grey van that slowed to a stop near Jack. A big man in jeans and a black T-shirt got out from the passenger side and began walking toward Jack, who was headed in the opposite direction. The man’s arms were heavily tattooed and Enid felt a prickling of recognition, but couldn’t quite place him.
As Enid watched, the man called out something to Jack, who turned around questioningly. The man advanced and pointed something at Jack and, the next thing Enid knew, Jack hit the asphalt like a sack of potatoes, his body disappearing between two parked cars.
Enid didn’t feel the pain in her hands as she pounded on the window, shouting, “No!” She turned to the door and yelled, “Help! Help!”
Helplessly, Enid watched as another man jumped out of the van. The two men grabbed Jack’s inert body and hauled him into the back of the van. They slammed the doors and drove off.
A male nurse hurried in.
Frantic, Enid yelled, “They took him! They took my dad!”
The male nurse looked to where she was pointing and said, “I’ll have security check it out.”
He tried to guide Enid back to bed, but Enid fought him. “No! Now! Do it now! Call the police!”
A female nurse hurried in, “What’s going on?”
“She got out of bed and fell,” the male nurse said, picking up Enid and unceremoniously dumping her back into the hospital bed.
“They took my dad! I saw them! You gotta call the police!” On the edge of hysteria, Enid waved toward the window.
The man got between Enid and the nurse, blocking the nurse’s line of vision. Enid opened her mouth to yell and the male nurse took something from the pocket of his scrubs and held it tightly over her mouth and nose.
Panicking, Enid fought to break free of his iron grip, but his hand pressed down so hard on her broken nose that she almost passed out from the pain. Fighting to twist out from under his grip, Enid opened her mouth to gasp for air and had the sensation of a brick smashing into her face.
The last thing she heard was the male nurse shouting, “She’s coding! Get the crash cart!”
Things were crashing. Enid caught a flash of the man’s coldly glinting eyes—then the blackness came up from below and swallowed her whole.

Chapter 41
I’d punch that cocksucker in the balls before I’d cup him for the comfort. Calamity Jane
Cold.
That was the first thing that registered with Jack as his mind struggled to come to life. A dull, excruciating ache burned from his shoulders up to his hands, which were numb. His thoughts were heavy, almost unmovable. He tried to shift his position, but the motion caused so much pain that he cried out.
Disconcerted, Jack stopped moving and struggled to open his eyes, which felt heavier than two barbells. A harsh, unrelenting light blinded him. He turned his head, jerking away from the glare, but found that he couldn’t move.
In a flash, Jack was as awake and alert as if someone had jolted him with a cattle prod.
His arms were tightly bound above his head and his feet were fastened to the floor. Frantically, he tried to break free, but a searing pain shot up from both shoulders and into his hands, which were so painfully numb that tears filled his eyes.
“Pretty bride,” a man’s voice hissed.
Jack froze, his bowels turning cold with terror.
The light blinded him. He couldn’t see a damned thing, but that voice…
Charkov.
There was a click and the harsh light disappeared. As Jack’s eyes adjusted to the more normal lighting of the room, he saw Charkov’s beefy hand reaching toward his face. Jack tried to pull back from Charokov’s outstretched hand, but his jerking motion only caused pain to scream up his arms and he was forced to remain still.
Charkov’s thick fingers landed on Jack’s upper lip.
Despite the fact that Charkov’s touch was startlingly delicate, Jack flinched like he’d been struck.
“There,” Charkov said, gazing at Jack’s face with appraising eyes. “I knew you’d be pretty.”
Jack stared at him, too horrified to speak. He felt like he was in a nightmare, but knew that he wasn’t. Instinctively, he knew that words were useless. He was Charkov’s prisoner and Charkov probably got off on his victims begging. Jack decided that he’d rather die than give the asshole one iota of a plump jolly.
“Wedding day jitters,” Charkov said with a smile as he turned and walked away. “They’ll pass.”
Jack’s eyes darted around the room, desperately looking for an escape. What he could see of the room was large—at least two hundred feet wide and forty feet spread out in front of him. In the far left corner, a staircase led upward. It was the type of staircase that had the spare appearance of one that would be found in a cellar. There were no windows, and the floor and walls were concrete and painted white. Jack’s stomach roiled when he saw the makeshift operating room—complete with an operating table, adjustable lighting above the table, and a variety of expensive-looking medical devices and equipment.
Jack forced his eyes away, but was ill-rewarded for this action. In the far right corner was what looked like a Las Vegas wedding chapel. An altar sat on an elevated stand and above it was a large stained-glassed window that had lights behind it, illuminating a kindly faced Jesus with outstretched arms as he gazed lovingly down on the scene before him. Statues as large as two small children stood on either side of the altar. Joseph and a Mary, both gazing at the altar with strangely detached expressions. Large vases of what looked like fake lilies surrounded the altar and, to Jack’s horror, where the pews should have been was a king-size bed with black silk sheets and pillows. A mirror that was as large as the bed hung from the ceiling, reflecting all that would go on in the bed.
Ignoring the pain, Jack frenetically fought to break free from his bonds.
Charkov carefully wheeled a full-length mirror toward Jack. Its reflective mirrored surface was hidden under a sheet and only the bottom part remained uncovered to show it was a mirror. Charkov stopped it in front of Jack.
Charkov gave him a honeyed smile. “Are you ready for your special day?” When Jack didn’t answer, Charkov carefully removed the sheet from the mirror.
Jack blinked at his reflection, stunned. For a moment, nothing registered. Then disbelief, then—terror.
Jack was—a bride.
An elaborate wedding gown of heavy taffeta flounced in every direction. Meticulously applied makeup had morphed Jack’s face into a grotesque mask of feminine beauty. His lips were an obscene siren-red that looked like a slash of blood. His well-muscled shoulders and arms contrasted wildly with the overtly feminine wedding gown. Jack’s eyes darted upward and he saw that his wrists were handcuffed above his head, held fast by a thick chain suspended from a massive hook in the ceiling.
Forgetting all of his former resolutions about remaining silent, Jack screamed and hurled vicious curses at Charkov. He barely registered the pain as he violently fought to break free.
Charkov watched him, his eyes gleaming with anticipation, like a connoisseur admiring his next gourmet meal. After a moment, Charkov bent down and removed his own right shoe. He removed his black sock and, holding it gently in his hand, he stepped toward Jack.
Jack continued to struggle as he screamed obscenities and threats at Charkov.
Charkov gazed at Jack as if fascinated by his screams. After a moment, Charkov sighed.
He balled up the sock and, slowly and delicately, wedged it into Jack’s mouth.
Gagging, Jack tried to bite off his fingers, but Charkov took a pen from his pocket and used it to wedge the sock deeper into Jack’s mouth.
“Tsk, tsk,” Charkov said. “Don’t be a bad pussycat.”
Gagging, Jack fought to spit the sock out, but it was too late. Charkov had pushed the sock in so deep that it was touching Jack’s tonsils.
Jack stopped moving and concentrated on one thing—breathing through his nostrils, which suddenly felt as minuscule as the eyes of two sewing needles. Jack fought to calm himself as he concentrated on breathing through his nose.
“That’s better,” Charkov said softly. “But I feel that I still don’t have your full attention.”
Jack stared at him, repulsed by the smell of Charkov’s gamey socks and hot breath that polluted the little oxygen he was getting.
Charkov reached up and, using his thumb and index finger, he gently pinched both of Jack’s nostrils closed.
Panic exploded in Jack like a Molotov cocktail. Jack struggled to pull away, but no matter how he twisted or turned, Charkov kept his fingers pinched over his nose. Black spots danced before Jack’s eyes and his lungs burned like acid. Just when Jack was sure that he couldn’t stand another moment—Charkov released his fingers from his nose.
Jack sucked in the oxygen as hard and fast as he was capable. Sweet oxygen filled his lungs and the burning pain within him subsided as his brain quieted. His entire existence now danced on the head of a pin. The only thing he cared about was would he be allowed to continue to breathe. Nothing else mattered. He gazed at Charkov, feeling a horrible helplessness and, even worse, a monstrosity that could only be described as a very close and intimate—
Connection.
Jack found that he was minutely studying Charkov's eyes, searching for the tiniest clue—anything—that would help him stay alive.
Charkov said, “Your daughter—such a strange name—Enid. What could you have been thinking?” Charkov shrugged and said, “I feel that it’s my responsibility to tell you that Enid has suffered a setback. A medical emergency.”
Jack felt as if time slowed down to fractions of his own heartbeats. Every muscle in Jack’s body went rigid as he studied Charkov’s eyes. Jack watched with fascination as his pupils dilated and shrank, back and forth, ever so slightly. His eyes were grey with streaks of steel-blue that reminded Jack of dirty snow that got pushed into the city gutters, polluted by car fumes. The whites of his eyes were marred by a network of tiny, blood-red burst of capillaries.
Charkov said, “Enid—may I call her Enid? Yes, well, she was airlifted to the only hospital in the state that has the robotic equipment that can surgically perform the operation that can save her life—my hospital.”
Jack’s mind raced as he wracked his brain for any way to escape. His eyes sought the staircase, which was the only exit out of the room.
“Of course,” Charkov said, “Enid won’t survive.”
Jack tried to push the sock from his mouth by working his jaw, but it only intensified the foul taste of bad feet.
Charkov said, “Unfortunately, I won’t be there to perform the surgery. My resident, who I personally trained, will be doing the honors. Do you know how much Enid is worth?” Charkov took his index finger and it jammed it up Jack’s left nostril, blocking it completely.
Battling his rising panic, Jack sucked oxygen into his lungs through the right nostril.
Whatever expression was in Jack’s eyes, it pleased Charkov, who then rewarded him by pulling his finger from Jack’s nostril.
“That’s more like it,” Charkov said, lightly tracing his finger over Jack’s lips. “So many people go through life never knowing their worth. Desperate people give me their life savings simply because I can procure what they need to live—a liver, a kidney and, my personal favorite, a heart.” Charkov reached up and delicately maneuvered the sock deeper into Jack’s mouth.
“Theoretically,” Charkov said, “if every chemical and organ could be perfectly harvested, Enid is worth forty-five million dollars. Of course, perfection is impossible. In reality, Enid is worth less than one million dollars. Corneas, twenty-four thousand each, liver, one hundred and sixty thousand, kidneys—ah, kidneys—that’s where the real money is—two hundred and sixty-two thousand each. Hearts are my personal favorite, though, even though they bring in a mere one hundred and fifty-seven thousand. Skeletons are chump change at five thousand. Skin—ten dollars per square inch.”
“Have you ever skinned a cat?” Charkov said. “Well, it’s done the same way on humans. Luckily, as a boy, I had some experience skinning more than one neighborhood cat. Legally, of course, each organ is worth much more, but then you have too many factors cutting into your profit and then there is always the paperwork.” Charkov rolled his eyes. “Medicine was so much more pleasant before the damned electronic medical systems and the government oversight. You have no idea how much time I put into doing the electronic charts! Of course, I eliminated that problem by going rogue, which, I have to tell you, brings me great personal happiness and fulfillment—not to mention money. Being a doctor simply isn’t what it used to be. Enid’s heart is going to pay for my new Benz. I’m thinking powder-blue with a white leather interior. Nothing garish, you know. Classic and understated, that’s what I prefer.”
Charkov reached out and gently plucked his sock out of Jack’s mouth. “Let her go,” Jack rasped hoarsely. “Use me—to pay for your Benz.” “But, darling,” Charkov said in an almond-oil voice, “You’re my bride.”
Against his will, Jack’s eyes went to the pseudo-wedding chapel—and then to the satin-encrusted bed. He shuddered, terror mixing with his revulsion.
Charkov leaned in and his voice was rough with passion as he said, “Then—I’m going to fuck you—like you’re a blue-ribbon pig.”
Jack’s legs went out from under him and, if he wasn’t strung up by the wrists, he would have fallen. Jack couldn’t help but think that suffocating to death was starting to sound not so bad.
“Every bride deserves a wedding gift,” Charkov said. “Tell me—what’s your heart’s desire?”
“Enid,” Jack said in a ragged voice that he didn’t recognize. “Let her go.”
“Ah!” Charkov said, “That will be contingent on how well you perform on our honeymoon! I’m a generous bridegroom—what else does your heart desire?”
“Marina,” Jack said, too terrified to know what he was saying, but knowing that if he could keep Charkov talking, maybe he could delay the whole fucking-like-a-blue-ribbon-pig thing.
Charkov said, “Is that what you want—to solve your little case?” Jack jerked his head in a spastic nod.
Charkov sighed. “Yes, my wife is still upset over that little situation. I’m afraid I landed in the doghouse on that one. My wife had her heart set on a certain mink coat from one of her ghastly New York stores and, instead of giving her the money that one of Marina’s corneas would have brought in—I—well, I can admit it—I got a wee bit carried away. Marina was such a delectable—oh, she was lovely! Her skin was so—you could just tell that every organ in her body—right down to her individual optic nerves—would be perfect. She was that type of girl—an all American dream-girl, you know?” Charkov laughed, “Except for the fact that she was from Russia. Oh! But her skin was grade-A perfection! I can honestly say that that has never happened before—and it will certainly never happen again. Marina was—well, my wife was jealous. And who can blame her?” Charkov gave a smug smile. “It’s nice when you’ve been married as long as Katya and I have been—and you can say that your wife still gets jealous. It’s not easy to keep that flame alive, but when it came to Marina, well, I can admit it—I behaved like a besotted teenager. Fool that I was, I killed Marina before I could enjoy her. Before I realized it—it was done—and there was nothing salvageable,” Charkov smiled wistfully, “except sweet memories.”
“Your wife knows what you do?” Jack said, attempting to keep Charkov talking. “Katya is an exceptional woman,” Charkov said with an admiring smile. “Intelligent, independent—understanding.”
“Your wife doesn’t mind that you, in your spare time—fuck me like a pig?” Charkov shrugged. “She encourages me to pursue my hobbies.”
Jack jerked his chin toward the altar. “What are you waiting for? Aren’t we getting married?”
“Eager-beaver,” Charkov said with a lascivious smile.
Jack hesitated, then nodded. He was thinking that Charkov would have to unfasten him— and then he would have a fighting chance.
As if hearing Jack’s thoughts, Charkov shook his head and gave him a disparaging smile. “I prefer my pigs trussed, darling. So sorry, but you’ll understand, I hope, as to why the restraints must stay on during the ceremonies.”
Jack’s heart sank.
Charkov said, “And the honeymoon.”
Jack gritted his teeth to keep from saying what he planned to do to Charkov when he got free.
Charkov leaned in and gently kissed Jack on the lips.
Before he could think, Jack jammed his tongue into Charkov’s mouth, returning the delicate kiss with raw passion. Startled, Charkov froze.
Jack moaned as if in ecstasy. “More!” he said into Charkov’s half-opened mouth. Charkov hesitated, unsure.
Jack moved his tongue deeper into Charkov’s mouth, kissing him passionately.
Excited, Charkov moved closer and began grinding himself against Jack’s crotch as he returned Jack’s kisses with matching intensity.
Jack forced himself to continue until Charkov’s tongue was deep within his mouth. At the perfect moment, Jack bit down on Charkov’s thrusting tongue.
Charkov gave a muffled scream as he pushed himself backwards, writhing to break free.
Jack’s upper and lower teeth met and Charkov did break free – with a mouth full of blood and what was left of his stump of a tongue.
With an inarticulate howl, Charkov dropped to the floor, writhing in agony as blood spurted from between his fingers, which were tightly clenched over his mouth.
From his depths, Jack ripped forth a primal scream—wordless, inhuman, terrifying—a promise of death.

Chapter 42
The world's male chivalry has perished out, but women are knights-errant to the last. Elizabeth Barrett Browning
As Bud hurriedly drove westward toward Maricopa County Hospital, he was halted by an ugly snarl of traffic that sprang up in front of him like Phoenix black magic. He had been crossing 44th Street when the brisk moving traffic had died a sudden death that could only be the result of an accident involving a fatality. Even if he had the siren to put on top of Chip’s car, there was nowhere to go. He was as boxed in like a sardine in its canned prison.
Bud was dialing Jenson with the intention of asking him to get to County Hospital when he got an incoming call from a number he didn’t recognize. Thinking it might be Jack, Bud dropped Jenson’s call and answered it.
“Jack?” Bud said.
“Mr. Orlean? I mean—Detective Orlean?” A young girl said.
“Who is this?” Bud said, impatient to get the girl off the line, so he could call Jenson. “My name is Micki. I’m a friend of Enid’s—”
“It’s not a good time—” Bud said.
Micki said, “We tried to call Enid’s dad but he won’t answer! I remember Enid talking about you being a police detective and—”
“I can’t talk right now!” Bud said, hanging up and dialing Jenson.
While he was waiting for Jenson to answer, Micki called again.
Ignoring her call, Bud left a message for Jenson, “Jenson, Enid Iglowski, Jack Fox’s daughter, is at County Hospital for emergency surgery! I need you to drop whatever you’re doing and get over there now! Charkov knows that Jack is Enid’s father and that bastard will try to kill her. I’ll get there as soon as I can, but I need you to get there—or get an officer over there and make sure Enid doesn’t end up in surgery!”
Bud hung up. He craned his neck, twisting in his seat to see if there was any possible way he could maneuver out of the traffic.
There wasn’t.
Bud cut the engine, got out of his car and began walking. Angry motorists trapped behind his car honked and yelled obscenities. Ignoring them, Bud walked as fast as he was able toward the next intersection, where hoped to call a taxi.
Bud’s phone rang and he recognized the cell phone number as the girl who had just called.
Scowling, Bud answered it and said, “Listen—”
“Enid’s gone!” Micki said, her voice sounding desperate—and determined. “Goddamnit!
Are you a cop or what?”
Taken aback by the girl’s vehemence, Bud didn’t answer. “Give me that,” another girl’s voice said.
Bud listened as the two girls physically fought over the phone.
The other girl won. “Detective Orlean,” she said, slightly out of breath. “My name is Claire Houston. The police won’t let us report a missing person for forty-eight hours and we can’t wait that long. The last time we saw Enid was two nights ago at County Hospital—”
“You were there?” Bud said, startled.
Claire said, “We were visiting Micki’s mom, who was supposed to get discharged—” “She did get discharged,” Micki yelled in the background.
Correcting herself, Claire said, “Micki’s mom did get discharged, but she ended up going right back—”
Bud’s mind raced as he hurried up the street. “Where are you now?”
“The hospital,” Claire said. “Micki’s mom is scheduled for surgery—”
“You’re at Maricopa County Hospital—right now?” Bud said, so surprised that he stopped walking.
Bud heard Claire cover the speaker and her muffled voice as she said to Micki, “I thought Enid said this guy was smart? He sounds dimmer than a seven-watt light bulb! We need to forget this bozo and get my mom to help us—”
“Claire!” Bud yelled into the phone. “What?” Claire said.
“I can help you,” Bud said.
“How?” Claire said.
Bud was approaching the fatal car accident that caused the traffic jam. Two cars were crumpled where they had come to a grinding halt—one was wedged under the belly of a cement truck and the other was jammed into the side of the wedged car. Emergency crews were working to get a man out of the driver’s seat of the less damaged car. The man’s eyes were large in his pasty white face and he stared forward like he was not registering what was going on around him. From the other car, the emergency crew had already extracted a person—and that person was stretched out on the asphalt, with the telltale sheet covering the entire body.
“Behind the tape, mister!” a fireman shouted at Bud.
Bud followed the fireman’s direction and moved quickly, leaving the wreckage behind him. His heart was beginning to pound uncomfortably.
“Hold on,” Bud said to Claire as he stopped, rummaging in his fanny pack. He pulled out the pill he needed and placed it under his tongue.
“Well?” Claire said. “What are you going to do?”
Careful to keep the pill under his tongue, Bud struggled to talk normally. “Lishen, uh need oo—”
“Why are you talking like that?” Claire said.
Scowling, Bud removed the pill from under his tongue, holding it carefully, so that he could take it after he got done talking. “Claire, listen carefully. I need you to do exactly as I say—”

Chapter 43
Gladiators seek to best all, it is how they survive. Spartacus
Micki bit down on the ragged edge of her newest hangnail and, gripping it hard between her teeth, she ripped off the tiny bit of flesh that was trying to be a cuticle. It was a bleeder. Micki covertly clamped the edge of her T-shirt over the wound in an attempt to stop the bleeding. She eyed Claire’s perfect nails and felt her all too familiar feeling of being the world’s biggest loser.
With Enid gone, Micki and Claire were struggling to act like they were friends who actually had something in common. In reality, the only thing they had in common was Enid—and Enid had disappeared faster than the contents of one of her mother’s bottles of Bowman’s vodka on a Saturday night.
Micki watched Claire, who was listening to whatever Detective Orlean was telling her.
She contemplated snatching the phone back from Claire, but decided against it. Micki would rather have died then admit it, but she knew that Claire was probably the better person to be talking to a cop—and a homicide detective at that!
From as far back as she could remember, the mere glimpse of a cop—or even a crossing guard —would send Micki’s skin crawling with a strange combination of guilt and fear. She had never admitted it to anyone, but, deep down, Micki was convinced that all crossing guards knew that she was a jaywalker and all cops knew that she had just shoplifted her new kicks from Target, which she had, but that wasn’t the point.
Micki frowned, glancing around the hospital’s post-op waiting room that they had been sitting in for the last two hours. Micki had mentally divided the motley collection of “waiters” into three groups: the crybaby, drama queens who were working the floor like it was a soap opera tryout; the stoic, stoney-eyed zombies who she had the perverse desire to sneak up on and pinch hard just to make them make a sound and prove they were human. And then there were the ones that she wanted to be like, but knew that she wasn’t. They were the only ones that she could respect—the ones that sat with quiet resignation in the face of the shit-storm that was happening behind closed doors.
Micki desperately wanted to be one of the quiet and resigned ones, but it wasn't happening. Her insides were a mess of jumpy nerves—and equally jumpy bowels. She was riddled with anxiety and it was showing on her bleeding cuticles—and her frequent runs to the bathroom.
“Micki Buckbee,” a nurse called out.
Micki jumped to her feet and darted forward. “Yeah,” she said breathlessly, dancing from foot to foot as she stared up at the nurse.
The nurse smiled, “Your mother is still in surgery, but things are going well. It’ll be another hour or so.”
Micki realized that she was twisting her hands together like a total yutz, so she forced herself to stop by jamming them into her jeans pockets. She wanted to ask if her mother was going to be all right, but the words were stuck somewhere deep inside.
The nurse gave her arm an encouraging squeeze. “Why don’t you and your friend go down to the cafeteria and get something to eat? It’ll be more pleasant for you.”
Micki tried to smile, but her face refused to do anything more than give an ugly twitch.
Startled, the nurse turned and disappeared behind a closed door.
Micki stared at the door, knowing that her mother was somewhere behind that door. Her mother was on an operating table, cut open and— She might die.
Micki shivered, feeling terrified at how alone she felt. Without willing it, her mind skimmed back to the last time she had been this scared. She’d been 8 years old, and her mother had rented out half the trailer to a wanna-be meth cooker who turned out to be a stocking-fetish pervert who didn’t know his ass from a hole in the ground when it came to cooking meth. On his first attempt to cook a batch, he had misread the meth recipe and he’d managed to blow up their trailer in a fireball of flames that she and her mom had seen from three trailers over. He had made the local news and landed in the burn unit at County Hospital. It was sheer luck that Rose and Micki hadn’t been home, but the incident had left them homeless and living out of a beater car. It took Rose two weeks to find a new trailer park that accepted rent by the week—with the money part of the rent being negotiable.
“What’d he mean by that, mom?” Eight-year old Micki had asked. “What’s that word mean—negochee-ble?”
Rose shot her a glance, “You got a pair of ears on you, Mick, that would hear a mouse fart from a block away.”
Micki said, “If he don’t take money, what does he take?”
Rose hesitated, then gave a grim smile. “Good conversation, Mick. Everybody’s hungry—for good conversation.”
Micki hesitated, then said, “You mean, like—oral sex?” Rose scowled. “Where’d you hear that?”
“I heard it,” Micki had said, lifting her chin defiantly. “What’s that—oral sex?” Rose thought, then said, “You know what sex is, right?”
Micki nodded, not willing to admit that she didn't know, although she had figured out that it was something that could be traded for other things—like money and food and a warm place to sleep while the adults made funny noises in the next room. “Yeah, I know,” Micki lied.
“Well,” Rose said, “Oral means mouth, right?” Micki frowned, unsure.
Rose said, “Oral means mouth and you talk with your mouth, right? Well, oral sex is when you talk about having sex someday.”
“Oh,” Micki said, pretending to understand. “Then, when do I get to have oral sex?” Rose grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her so hard that Micki’s teeth rattled. “Mom!” Micki wailed.
“Listen up, dummy!” Rose had snarled, “Grown-ups have sex—not little kids like you!”
“But—” Micki had gasped out.
“Sex is this,” Rose’s mother jabbed her finger at her own crotch. “And this,” Rose pointed at Micki’s crotch. “Anybody try to put anything near that—or in that—you tell your mama—scream as loud as you can and I’ll come runnin'! I’ll cut their fuckin’ balls off and force-feed ‘em to their fat ugly mugs like they was stuffed veal. You promise me, Mick! You tell your mama if anybody tries anything anywhere near that, K?”
Micki nodded, too scared to speak.
Rose shook her, “Say it! Promise your mama—on the blood of Christ—promise!” “I promise,” Micki said in a small voice.
Rose glared at her, then roughly turned her loose. “Jesus! I don’t got enough on my mind without an eight-year-old talkin’ ‘bout—Jesus!”
“Sorry, mom,” Micki had said, sidling up in the hopes of getting a rare hug.
Rose grabbed Micki’s head and pulled her to her side in a bastardized version of a hug. It was good enough for Micki, who happily threw her arms around her mother’s waist.
Rose tried to push Micki away, but her voice was softer. “What’d I tell you ‘bout clinging vines?”
“Yes, mama,” Micki said, not letting go.
Rose reached down and tousled Micki’s hair and said, “You remember—you made a promise on the blood of Christ, right, Mick?”
“I’ll remember,” Micki said, “But—what’s a—?” “What’s a what?” Rose said. “Spit it out.”
Micki looked up at Rose with big eyes and said, “What the heck is a Christ?”
Micki could now smile at the memory of her mother’s shocked face when she had asked that question. It was one of her favorite memories from when she was a kid.
Micki suddenly realized that she was standing in the middle of the waiting room with a big, stupid smile on her face, which she instantly subverted into a scowl. She looked around, angry and feeling guilty that she could smile at such a time—when her mother was on what her mother had always called “the chopping block.”
Micki glanced over at Claire, and was glad to see that she was still on the phone and hadn’t seen her smiling like a goofball. She wondered what Claire and Detective Orlean were talking about for so long. Hopefully, it would turn out just like Claire said—they would convince Detective Orlean to help them find Enid.
The last time Micki and Claire had seen Enid was in Rose’s hospital room, which had been two nights ago. That night, after Zip had left Rose’s room, Claire and Micki had emerged from their hiding place in the bathroom only to find out that Enid was gone. Rose told them that the “one who wasn’t the brain” must have hidden under the Spic’s gurney and was on her way to wherever Zip was taking old Mexican jumping beans, which was probably surgery.
“Don’t worry none,” Rose said, hauling herself out of bed, “Enid—and who the fuck names a kid Enid anyway? Might as well name a kid Penelope or Helga—or Martha! Your friend, Enid,” she said Enid’s name mockingly, “she might be the dumb one, but if the kid’s got two cockleshells’ worth of sense, she’ll figure out to meet us at the car—and she better have my Marilyn Monroe lighter!”
As Rose got dressed, Micki and Claire were arguing over the best way to sneak Rose out of the hospital when Rose flicked her cigarette into the bedpan and walked out of the room.
Startled, Micki and Claire darted after her in time to see Rose walk up to the nurse’s station, place both hands flat on the counter and sneer contemptuously at the surprised nurse. Rose said, “It’s been real—and it’s been nice, but, bitch, it ain’t been what I call real nice.”
The nurse stood up angrily, “Mrs. Buckbee—!”
Rose wagged her finger at the nurse. “Before you get any bright ideas of sending security after me, Martha, I’d think real hard. I know you been short-sheeting me on my Vicodin pills and don’t say you ain’t—cause I got it all recorded on my iPhone and, bitch, I got a hair-trigger finger on it going viral!”
The nurse gaped at her, horrified.
Rose said, “Don’t get your knickers in a pinch, Marth. If you don’t know nothin’—I don’t know nothin’. Got it?”
The nurse snapped her mouth shut, her eyes glinting with hatred—and fear.
Rose turned and strolled down the hallway as she shot Martha a double-fisted backward-bird.
Micki and Claire hurried after her and, catching up, Micki gasped, “Mom, you don’t have an iPhone!”
“Shut it, Mick!” Rose said as they got on the elevator.
To Micki’s shock, no one stopped them—not even the security guard at the entrance of the hospital.
Claire led the way to the car and, as they piled in, Micki said, “What about Enid? We can’t leave without Enid!”
“You snooze, you lose,” Rose said with a shrug. “But mom—!” Micki said.
Rose jabbed a finger at Claire, “Drive!”
Claire hesitated, then said, “Mrs. Buckbee, we can’t leave Enid behind.” Micki jumped out of the car. “I’ll go find her!”
A police car pulled into the parking lot and Micki shrank back as that creepy, crawly feeling of guilt washed over her.
Rose said, “Get in the car before I tan your hide, Mick! And you,” she pointed at Claire,
“drive! Or, God help me, I will blow this car so full of cigarette fumes that your mom will shit-a-brick and ground you for life.”
As they drove away, Micki looked back at the hospital, feeling a horrible foreboding. Micki had watched enough “Band of Brothers” to know that leaving someone behind was not cool. Micki said to Claire, “We can drop my mom off and then go back for Enid, right?”
Claire handed back her phone and said, “Call Enid.”
Micki took the phone and scrolled down until she found Enid’s name, which was under “favorites.” She felt a twinge of jealousy and wondered if Enid had Claire would have listed her under “favorites” also. For the millionth time, Micki wished that she had a cell phone, but it was something that cost money, so it wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. Cell phones weren’t like underwear or shoes—you couldn’t just shoplift them.
Micki called Enid’s phone and was startled to hear the muffled ring of Enid’s ring tone coming from within the car. Following the sound, Micki leaned over and pulled up Enid’s book-bag, which had been shoved under the back of Claire’s seat.
“Why’d she leave her phone in the car?” Claire said.
Ignoring her, Micki dug into the book-bag, searching for the ringing phone. Her fingers landed on something hard and metallic that felt completely foreign, yet she knew exactly what it was. She pulled out a gun and, in an instant, the memory came back to her—Enid had stolen Claire’s mother’s gun!
A slow smile spread across Micki’s face as she gripped it tightly in her right hand. A new sensation of power rushed through her, but it was quickly chased down by fear.
“What’s wrong?” Claire said. “You can’t find it?”
Micki shoved the gun into the book-bag. “Hold your horses!”
“Jeez,” Claire said, “I can write a term paper in the time it’s taking you to find that phone.”
Micki gave her a sour look and fumbled around the book-bag until she found the phone.
Aware that her pits were sweating profusely, Micki struggled to find something intelligible to say, but came up empty. Instead, she held up the phone for Claire to see.
Satisfied, Claire returned to concentrating on driving.
Rose shook her head and said, “My dead grandmother drives faster than you, kid.”
Claire remained silent, but Micki saw her grip the wheel tighter. Micki held the book-bag in her lap and tried to think. She tuned out her mother’s voice as Rose began chewing up Claire’s ear as she explained the method she used to calculate what daily lotto numbers to play each day and what she was going to do with the cash once she hit it big. Micki knew all too well that her mother’s daily lotto numbers was based on a complex equation of her previous night’s dream, her daily horoscope and how many times she sneezed each morning, so it was easy to tune her out.
Micki frowned, knowing that she had to keep the gun a secret from her mom and Claire. If her mother found out there was a gun in the car, Micki had no doubt that her mom would have it pawned and traded for enough cash to make a sizable investment in her retirement plan—also known as the Arizona lotto.
As her mind raced over various options, Micki chewed on her cuticles until they burned like little fires. Quicker than she would have thought it possible, Claire pulled up to the tiny trailer park.
“Here?” Claire said, her voice weak with disbelief.
Micki followed Claire’s eyes. For the first time, Micki saw the tiny trailer park where she lived through Claire’s eyes. The area was the size of two normal house plots, but, instead of houses, it held a motley collection of battered and mismatched trailers packed in so tightly that it looked like an illegal dumping ground for derelict trailers. The high fencing on either side gave the impression that the neighbors were trying to quarantine the area like it was a highly infectious disease that threatened to run rampant.
A wave of shame and revulsion swept through Micki. They weren’t even real manufactured homes! They were dilapidated trailers that had been the pride and joy of some happy couple who had splurged on a recreational vehicle in the 1970s and, in several cases, the 1950s. Drooping laundry lines of now-grey-but-once-white underwear and T-shirts and bagged-out old-lady bras were strung up between trailers, giving them the appearance of a sad parody on Christmas lights.
Micki scowled, her shame turning to anger at the thought that Claire would look down on her or, worse—feel sorry for her.
With Rose directing, Claire parked next to their trailer, which was more junk than vintage.
Rose had grown quiet and her eyes were heavy with impending sleep. Micki helped her mom out of the car and into the trailer. To Micki’s surprise, Claire appeared on the other side of her mother and helped steer her into the trailer.
“Thanks for the ride, but I got it from here,” Micki said to Claire, unable to hide the anger in her voice. As Micki dug out the keys to the front door, Rose stumbled and Claire steadied her, which kept her from falling.
“God,” Rose said, “I’m more tired than a two-dollar hooker on Navy payday.”
Micki and Claire practically hoisted Rose up the two rickety steps and into the tiny living room, which was none too neat.
“Wait here,” Micki snapped at Claire. “I gotta get her to bed.”
Claire stood awkwardly, waiting as Micki helped her mother into her bedroom, which was dominated by a frowzled, unmade bed that reeked of cigarette smoke and beer-sweat. With a weary groan, Rose tumbled into her bed.
Micki turned on the television set. The volume was set to blaring, which was the noise level that Rose required to sleep soundly.
“Thanks, kid,” Rose said sleepily.
Micki flipped off the lights and started to close the door. “Night, mom.” “Mick?” Rose said.
“You just got out of the hospital,” Micki said, “so there’s no way I’m gonna do a beer or cigarette run to Circle K.”
“Naw,” Rose said. “I was just gonna tell you—you’re a good kid, Mick.”
Micki reddened, feeling embarrassed by the burst of happiness that filled her. Not knowing what to say, Micki made an inarticulate sound that was vaguely affectionate—and grateful. On impulse, Micki grabbed the remote control off the top of the television and placed it closer to her mother, so it would be easier to reach.
Rose grabbed Micki’s wrist, “Oh, and Mick—”
Micki shook her loose and bounded from the room, shouting, “The doctor said you have to stop drinking!”
Rose’s shouted, “I got eight dollars in my—”
Micki slammed the bedroom door shut and jammed her fingers in her ears as she sang, “La-la-la-la-lalalala!”
Claire was standing in the middle of the living room looking as out of place as a nun in a barroom brawl. Micki had to give Claire credit for attempting to not look horrified at her surroundings—although she was failing miserably. Micki unplugged her ears, determined to ignore Rose’s shouted instructions of what she wanted from Circle K.
Claire pointed tentatively at Rose’s door. “Are you going to—?”
“No!” Micki said. She turned and shouted at the closed bedroom door, “Forget it, mom!
Ain’t happening.”
Rose fell silent and the only sound that came from her room was the blaring television game show.
Claire shifted awkwardly. “Nice house.”
“It’s not a house, dumbass,” Micki said, feeling ugly anger well up in her. “It’s a trailer.” “It’s—nice,” Claire said, struggling over the words.
“It’s a shit-hole, Claire! If we’re going to be friends, you can stop blowing smoke up my ass and then try and tell me it’s sunshine—’cause I’m not stupid!”
“No problem,” Claire said, visibly relieved at Micki’s words. “This place—ugh! I can’t believe you live here.”
Taken aback, Micki said, “Yeah, well—”
“It’s horrible!” Claire said, gesturing at the room. “Jeez! I wouldn’t let a dog—” “Okay!” Micki said, exasperated. “You can blow a little smoke up my ass —” “It’s disgusting!” Claire said, making a face. “And your mother—!”
To shut her up, Micki grabbed Claire’s arm and dragged her out the front door. “We have to go back to the hospital and find Enid.”
“I know that!” Claire said, shaking Micki loose as they clambered into the car. Micki shot her a surprised look.
“What?” Claire said, giving her a disparaging look. “You don’t think I ever saw Band of Brothers?”
Micki shrugged irritably, not wanting to let Claire know that she was impressed.
They went back to the hospital and searched every part of the hospital that they were allowed into—and some that they weren’t. A security guard caught them in an off-limits area and escorted them to the front entrance, where he gave them the official boot—with a warning not to return. Micki and Claire decided to walk the perimeter of the hospital, but they couldn’t find any trace of Enid.
“What now?” Micki said. “We’ve got Enid’s phone, so how is she going to call us?” Claire reached for Enid’s book-bag, which was on Micki’s back. “Let’s see if—”
“No!” Micki said, jerking away. She wasn’t about to tell Claire that her mother’s gun was in the book-bag. Enid was in enough trouble without Claire making a full confession to her mother about how Enid stole it from their house.
Claire looked at her in surprise.
“I mean,” Micki said with a sheepish shrug, “I already looked through it and there’s nothing but a soggy sandwich and some books.”
“Books?” Claire said with raised eyebrows.
“Notebooks,” Micki said and, seeing that Claire wasn’t going to be diverted, she added, “and some dirty socks—from gym class.”
“Oh,” Claire said, stepping backwards. “Gross.”
Claire looked around the parking lot. “Maybe we should go home and wait for her to call us.”
“She’s gotta come to school tomorrow,” Micki said.
Claire drove Micki back to the trailer park and, as Micki climbed out, Claire grimaced and said, “Don’t let the bedbugs bite—literally.”
“Jesus,” Micki said, staring at Claire in surprise. She was starting to regret telling Claire to not blow sunshine up her ass. Micki had the sneaky suspicion that she’d created a monster—an honest, non-sunshine-blowing Claire-monster who would be only too happy to spew the unwanted truth.
Micki watched Claire drive away, envying that Claire got to go home to a clean house with clean sheets on the bed and a refrigerator full of food and enough money in the bank to pay for college and a beautiful new car in the garage that Claire would never have to be afraid that she would end up living in.
Micki stood in one spot for a long time, listening to the sounds of the trailer park. It was late enough that things were quieting down—there were no fighting couples, no screaming kids— there was only an occasional barking dog or the sound of a stray car motoring past. Micki tilted her head back and gazed up at the stars as she made a solemn promise to herself that someday she was going to see those same stars—from a way better place.
Anywhere is better than here.
Sighing, Micki went into the trailer. She hid Enid’s book-bag under the couch that doubled as her bed. She had planned to stay up, so she could think, but she’d fallen into a deep sleep as soon as her head hit the musty-smelling pillow.
The next day, Micki hurried to school carrying Enid’s book-bag, eager to see if Enid was there. Claire was sitting at their usual table. Seeing Enid’s empty chair, Micki’s heart skipped a beat.
For once, Claire’s nose wasn’t wedged in a book. Instead, she was worriedly twisting a strand of her hair in her fingers. “Maybe she’ll be in homeroom,” Claire said, her voice hopeful. “She comes late sometimes, right?”
Micki nodded, not wanting to put any words to her fears.
When the bell rang, Micki and Claire walked to their lockers, where Micki hid Enid’s book-bag with the gun. With her heart in her throat, they hurried to homeroom and, at the sight of Enid’s empty desk, Micki felt like puking.
Claire said, “What should we do?” Micki shrugged, unsure.
Anxious and jumpy, the two girls spent the day waiting for Enid to call Claire’s phone or her own phone and to tell them that she was okay, but she never did. As the day dragged on, Micki and Claire argued about whether or not to call Enid’s father or talk to the principal or go to Dr. Stuckley.
“We should call her father,” Claire argued. “He’s a detective. He’ll be able to find her.
Plus, she might be home. She could be sick—”
“She would have called us!” Micki said. “If we tell her dad, we’ll just get her in more trouble. He probably doesn’t even know she’s gone. Last we heard, Enid thought he was trying to kill her—”
“Please!” Claire said, making a face. “That’s been settled. It was all just Enid being—
Enid.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Micki said with a scowl. “We can’t fight!” Claire said. “We have to figure this out.”
Micki fumed in silence, too proud to admit that Claire was right.
Claire said, “We can call the police and report her missing, but it’s not advisable to report a person missing before 24 hours.”
“Not advisable?” Micki said with sarcastically raised eyebrows.
“I researched it,” Claire said. “The police don’t take missing person reports seriously until after 48 hours.”
Micki and Claire spent every spare moment of the day arguing over what to do. When 3:00 o’clock rolled around, they were both startled to realize that they had done nothing.
Micki was surprised when Claire offered to drive her home. After a moment’s hesitation, Micki accepted. They drove in silence and, when they were less than one block from Micki’s trailer park, Claire had to pull to the side of the road to make way for an ambulance with a wailing siren that raced past them.
Somehow, Micki just knew that the ambulance was for her mother. Micki pointed at the ambulance, and yelled, “It’s mom!”
“What—?” Claire said, startled.
“Go! Go!” Micki shouted. “It’s mom—I know it! Why didn’t I stay home with her?” Claire chased after the ambulance and, sure enough, Micki was right.
Before Claire could bring the car to a complete stop, Micki jumped out. She ran toward the trailer, shoving past the gathering group of rubber-neckers. “Mom!” Micki yelled.
Micki got as far as the doorway, but was blocked by the a burly paramedic. Desperately, she fought to get around him and, in the process, caught a glimpse of her mother. Two paramedics were maneuvering the unconscious Rose onto a stretcher. Micki stared in horror at her mother’s face, which was slack and grey.
“Mom?” Micki said in a quavering voice.
Another paramedic expertly pulled Micki out of the doorway as the two men carried the stretcher with Rose out of the trailer.
“Is she—?” Micki said, trying to follow them to the ambulance.
One of the paramedics said, “County Hospital, kid. You can follow us to the hospital, but you can’t ride with us.”
Micki tried to climb in the back of the ambulance, so she could be with her mom, but somebody yanked her back. Micki watched helplessly as the paramedic slammed the doors of the ambulance door behind her mother.
“Why can’t I come with you?” Micki yelled at no one in particular. Everyone was ignoring her and the ambulance was already backing out, and she was forced to retreat out of its way.
Pauline, a neighbor who was one of Rose’s many drinking buddies, walked up to Micki, waving her cigarette excitedly. “It was me that called 9-1-1! I told your ma not to party with that three-time loser!”
“Party?” Micki said weakly.
Pauline pointed her cigarette at the ambulance as it pulled away. “Tim-Tim couldn’t hold down a job if if you showed up, beat it to death for him and planted Big-Bertha from 10th Avenue on top of him! Your ma and T.T. took to drinking and the next thing I know is,” she jabbed her cigarette at her trailer, “I saw that punk take off outta her trailer like a jackrabbit trying to outrun a frying pan, so I came over to check on your ma cause the last time I saw T.T. move that fast was—well, never no mind on that one—you too young to hear that. Anyhoo, I go in and Rose was up and decorating the floor with what looked like coffee grinds and gut-chunks.”
“Can you drive me to the hospital?” Micki said, turning desperate eyes on Pauline. From behind her, Claire said, “I’ll drive you.”
Micki spun around, startled. She had forgotten about Claire.
Pauline said, “Good! ‘Cause the only thing I got with wheels on it is my grand-kid’s roller-skates, which I ‘bout kill myself on ten times a day.”
Micki didn’t wait to hear any more. She grabbed Claire and steered her towards her car. “Thanks, Claire!”
“Uh, your mom,” Claire said nervously. “What happened? She didn’t look so good.”
“My mom don’t look good even when she looks good,” Micki said, climbing in the car and buckling her seat belt. “Hurry!”
They drove to the hospital in silence. Claire dropped Micki at the entrance to the emergency room. By the time Claire had parked and made her way to the emergency room, Micki had gathered enough information to chew her cuticles into a fresh batch of raw meat.
Micki turned on Claire. “She needs surgery!” “Is she going to be okay?” Claire said.
“I don’t know,” Micki said. “They won’t let me go back yet. They’re doing the surgery tomorrow morning, so I’m gonna skip school tomorrow. I have to be here.” “I can be here with you too, if you like,” Claire said.
Surprised, Micki simply nodded.
It was a long night for Micki, who never went home. Claire stayed another hour and then promised to return in the morning. When they finally let Micki visit her mother in the ICU, Micki was shocked to see that her mother was still unconscious and even had a tube taped over her mouth that the nurse said helped her to breathe.
Micki was Rose’s only relative and, since she was underage, the doctor explained in medical terms what Micki translated into the fact that her mother had a bum liver, a bum gut and needed to get Roto-Rootered. The surgery was scheduled for the next day.
The next day, Claire had doubly surprised Micki by actually showing up. She had figured that Claire would chicken out and be a no-show and she was secretly glad that Claire proved her wrong.
While the surgery was going on, Claire passed the time by doing schoolwork on her laptop while Micki chewed her cuticles and people-watched. Micki's staring at strangers had made one man so nervous that he had gotten up and moved, making sure to sit with his back toward her. The television was on and droning through the local news. Micki was paying no attention until Claire gave her a sharp jab of her elbow and pointed at the screen.
“Hey!” Claire said, jumping up to get a closer look at the television. “That’s Enid’s dad!”
They watched in fascination as Enid’s dad came out of a jail and was instantly surrounded by reporters. He shoved past a newswoman, jumped a rail and made a run for a fancy-looking black car.
Claire gasped. “Oh! Enid’s dad married Eve Hargrove—” “He married Ice-Tits?” Micki gasped.
Heads snapped in their direction, all disapproving. Micki said, “Holy shit! Why would he marry her?”
“Shhh! Not so loud,” Claire said, smiling apologetically at the people who were frowning at them.
“That’s weird!” Micki said. “Do you think this has anything to do with Enid disappearing?”
“I don’t see how,” Claire said.
“He’s crazy,” Micki said. “We can’t call him for help—about Enid, I mean.”
“Maybe we should call the police,” Claire said. “Her father just married a woman who killed half her family. Maybe he did something to Enid! I’m worried—”
“What about that detective?” Micki said, feeling her skin crawl at the thought of the cops. “Remember? Enid saved his life! I bet he’ll help us.”
“That’s a great idea!” Claire said.
Micki got Enid’s phone from the book-bag and quickly found the detective’s number under ‘D’ and was listed as Detective Bud Orlean.
Micki had called him, but he gave them the brush-off. Micki called back and Claire had taken over the phone call. Micki watched as Claire listened intently to what Detective Orlean was telling her. After what seemed like a long time, Claire said, “We’ll do our best.” She hesitated, then hung up.
“Well?” Micki said impatiently.
“He said that Enid is here,” Claire said, her eyes big.
Micki threw up her hands in disgust. “Is everybody taking the dumb-ass pills, or what?
Enid can’t be here! She disappeared yesterday—how can she still be here?”
“Detective Orlean says that Enid is a patient! He said that Enid was at some other hospital and they helicoptered her here and she needs surgery, but he says we have to find her and stop it.”
Micki stared at Claire blankly.
Claire said, “Detective Orlean says that they’re taking Enid to surgery and he thinks a Dr Charkov, with a ‘C,’ is going to try to steal her organs!”
Micki’s mouth fell open as she continued to stare at Claire, incredulous.
Claire said, “Somebody is trying to kill her, but it’s not her dad! He said the police are on their way—and so is he, but we need to find her!”
“Holy crap,” Micki said, too stunned to remember to chew her cuticles. “What are we going to do?” Claire said.
Micki bounded to the receptionist’s desk.
The woman looked up and smiled, “Your mom is still in surgery. As soon as she’s done, someone will come out and talk to you.”
Micki stuttered, “I—we—just found out that our friend—Enid Iglowski—she’s here—” “She’s having surgery,” Claire said, “Probably right now!”
“How do you spell her last name?” the receptionist said.
Claire spelled Enid’s name and the nurse typed it into the computer. After a moment, she said, “Oh, yes. Hmmm.” She gave them an inquisitive look. “You’re her friend, you say?”
Claire said, “Her sister! I’m—we’re—her family.”
The receptionist said, “Are either of you here with an adult?” Micki said, “My mom—”
“Oh,” the nurse said, “of course.” She looked up, puzzled. She pointed at Claire, “So, you are Enid Iglowski’s sister, and you two,” she pointed between Micki and Claire, “are friends?”
Claire and Micki looked at each other, unsure.
“Yeah,” Micki said, her face turning red. She was too embarrassed to look at Claire because she didn’t know what Claire was going to say—or think.
“Yes, we are frieeeends,” Claire said, rolling her eyes and drawing out the word “friends” with exaggerated emphasis.
Micki nodded, feeling relief and—
Happiness?
The nurse pointed to Micki, “And your mother is in surgery—and Enid Iglowski is—” “My sister,” Claire said, “and her cousin, but we’re all friends.”
“All three of us are friends,” Micki said, enjoying the sound of saying it aloud.
“Oh,” the nurse said, looking unsure.
Claire said, “Is she here?”
The nurse nodded. “She’s scheduled for surgery any moment now. She’s being prepped in the pre-op area.”
“Can we see her?” Micki said eagerly.
The nurse gave them a knowing look and, pointing from one to the other, said, “Sister.
Cousin.”
“Yes!” Micki and Claire said in unison.
The nurse gave them directions and Micki and Claire hurried to the pre-op area. At the entrance, an older man with a volunteer badge led them through a series of doors into an area with a series of partitioned areas separated by curtains.
“Enid Iglowski,” the volunteer said, gesturing them toward one of the curtained-off areas.
He disappeared and Micki and Claire rushed at the curtain, yanking it aside.
Enid lay sleeping on a gurney and, for a moment, Claire and Micki thought that the old man had led them to the wrong person. Enid’s face was bruised and swollen, her nose was hidden under a bandage, her hair was hidden under a blue scrub cap and, worst of all, she had a Frankenstein scar running the length of her left check.
Claire let out a shriek, then clapped her hands over her mouth as she stared in horror at Enid.
Micki darted to her bedside, staring in disbelief at Enid’s face. “What the hell—!”
“We have to get her out of here,” Claire said. “Detective Orlean said that doctor is going to try to kill her!”
“Looks like the bastard got a head start,” Micki said grimly. “He said we have to get her out of here!” Claire said.
Micki eyed Enid’s battered face and said. “What if—what if Enid needs the surgery?” “Detective Orlean said—”
“I know what he said!” Micki snapped, “But who the hell is he? What if he’s some nut-job? What if he’s the one trying to kill her?”
“Micki!” Claire hissed, “Detective Orlean said—if we don’t get Enid out of here— they’re going to cut out her liver and sell it on the black market!”
Micki hesitated, then nodded. Micki bent over Enid, carefully shaking her shoulders.
“Enid! Wake up—”
Enid’s eyes flickered and she moaned, but she didn’t wake up.
Claire pulled the curtains shut as Micki tried to shake Enid awake. After several unsuccessfully attempts, Micki said, “She’s out cold!”
Claire darted to the cabinets and began opening them, one after another, until she found a small vial taped to the inside of one of the cabinets. Claire ripped it off and held it up triumphantly. “Smelling salts! Every time I go to a doctor’s office—I pass out.” Claire crushed the vial between her fingers and practically shoved it up Enid’s nose.
Sputtering, Enid jolted awake. She sat up, eyes wide with terror. “Cool!” Micki said, impressed.
Claire got in Enid’s face and said, “Shhh! We’re going to get you out of here, got it?” Enid looked around, frantic and terrified. “Whaa—?”
Micki said to Enid, “Chill, Duffs! You know how long we been lookin' for you?”
Micki’s words had a calming effect on Enid. After a moment, Enid mumbled, “What happened?”
Claire said, “Remember Detective Orlean?” Confused, Enid nodded.
Claire said, “Detective Orlean says you’re in danger and we have to get you out of here.
Okay?”
“Danger?” Enid said, looking instantly more alert. Claire darted to the curtain and peeked out.
Micki said to Enid, “Where have you been? What happened?”
Enid looked at Micki, her eyes intense. Micki instantly noticed that Enid’s eyes were different than before—there was something in them that gave Micki goose pimples. Micki tried to pull away, but Enid’s fingers dug into her arm.
“What kind of danger?” Enid said, her voice low.
Claire came back to Enid’s side and said, “I have a plan.” Claire eyed the i.v. lines that led deep into Enid’s arms. Grimacing, Claire said, “We have to unhook you—”
“Is it the doctor?” Enid said, her voice tense. “How’d you know?” Micki said, surprised.
Claire’s fingers hovered over the i.v. line and she said, “I see this all the time on television—it can’t be that difficult—”
Enid reached down and ripped off the tape and pulled the i.v. lines out of her arm. Blood spurted out and, for a moment, Claire looked like she was going to faint.
Seeing Claire turn pale and begin to waver, Micki reached out and pulled the smelling salt vial out of Enid’s nose and jammed it up Claire’s nose.
For a moment, there was complete bedlam as Enid continued to pull other tubes out of her arms and Claire jolted about the small area as she clawed the vial out of her nose.
“Jesus!” Claire said, glaring at Micki, “You trying to lobotomize me, or what?”
“You’re welcome,” Micki said. “Now help me with—”
Enid tried to get off the gurney and almost went down on her head, but the girls caught her.
“Gotta get outta here,” Enid said, fighting them off as she stumbled toward the exit. Claire grabbed her, stopping her. She turned to Micki and said, “Get undressed.” “Good idea!” Micki said, catching on to Claire’s plan. Within minutes, Micki had stripped down and changed into Enid’s hospital gown and they had helped Enid get dressed in Micki’s jeans, T-shirt and sneakers.
Getting onto the gurney, Micki hissed, “What if they accidentally take me to surgery?”
“Don’t let them!” Claire said.
“Gee, why didn’t I think of that?” Micki said, settling into the gurney and trying to avoid the multitude of fresh blood stains.
Claire said, “You only need to pretend you’re Enid long enough for me to get her out of here—then you can make a run for it!”
Micki said, “What if they get their drugs in me?” Claire opened her mouth, but Micki interrupted her. “I know, I know,” Micki said, “don’t let them.”
Enid said weakly, “I don’t feel good—”
“Shhh!” Claire said to Enid, “Just do what I say and follow my lead.” “K,” Enid mumbled, swaying so that she almost fell.
Claire grabbed Enid and held her around the waist with one arm.
A nurse flung open the curtains and walked in, carrying a chart. She stopped, staring. “What’s going on?”
Micki leaned back on the gurney, groaning. “Oooh! When’s my surgery? It huuuurts!” The nurse stared at Enid’s pale face and bloody arms. Turning, she yelled, “Security!”
Knowing that they were busted, Micki jumped off the gurney. Cold air hit her butt through the generous opening in the back of the hospital gown that she hadn’t had time to tie shut. Micki grabbed the other side of Enid and she and Claire began to half-ran, half-drag Enid toward the exit.
“Security!” the nurse screamed. “They’re taking a patient!”
As Claire, Micki and Enid reached the pre-op exit, a security guard rushed past them. The nurse grabbed the security officer and pointed at the three girls. “Stop them!”
At the top of her voice, Claire screamed, “Ebola! Oh, my god, it’s Ebola!”
The security guard froze, unsure.
The nurse jumped forward, shouting, “She’s doesn’t have Ebola—they’re kidnapping her!”
Micki shouted, “There’s Ebola and the hospital’s trying to keep it quiet! Call the police!
Call the FDA!”
Micki and Claire hustled Enid down the hallway, shouting the entire time that there was an Ebola outbreak and the hospital was trying to cover it up.
“Call the police!” Claire yelled. “Call Rachel Maddow!”
“Call Channel 3! Call ESPN!” Micki yelled into a terrified middle-aged woman’s face. “Oh my God!” The woman gasped as she hurried in the opposite direction.
Supported on either side by Claire and Micki, Enid struggled to keep her feet moving under her as they hauled her down the hallway. People scattered away from Micki and Claire’s shouted warnings as they careened down the hallway and into an empty elevator.
“Are you okay?” Micki said to Enid as soon as the elevator doors closed. Trembling and grey-faced, Enid shook her head.
“Hang in there,” Claire said, eyeing Enid with concern.
“We’ll never get past security,” Enid said, wincing.
“Bullshit!” Micki said, her skin crawling at the thought of dealing with a security guard. The elevator doors slid open and before anyone could argue, Micki dragged them both towards the front entrance.
Claire continued to yell Ebola warnings and, to Micki’s shock, everyone cleared a path for them like they were diseased royalty.
As they barreled down the front steps, a taxi cab pulled up to the curb. An older man, looking disheveled and sweaty, climbed out of the back seat and headed for Enid.
“Enid!” he shouted.
Enid stumbled and fell forward into Bud Orleans’s arms. Bud picked Enid up and tried to carry her into the taxi, but Micki, not realizing who he was, punched and slapped at him, fighting to get him to release Enid. “Let go of her, you stinkin' perve!”
“I’m Detective Orlean!” Bud said, drawing back from Micki’s onslaught.
Horrified, Micki sprang backwards.
“It’s him,” Enid said, weakly gesturing at Bud. Bud gently helped Enid into the back of the taxi.
The taxi driver turned around and, eyes widening in alarm, he shouted, “No way, man!
She’s got blood on her!”
“Get in, girls,” Bud gestured to Micki and Claire.
Claire got in the front seat while Micki climbed in after Bud and Enid.
The driver shouted, “Get that girl out of my taxi! I just got it cleaned and—she’s bleeding, man!”
“This is police business!” Bud snapped. “Drive—or I’ll have you up on obstruction charges.”
The driver hesitated, then, with a muttered curse and something about taxpayer dollars going toward steam cleaning, he turned around and got to the business of driving.

Chapter 44
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity. Edgar Allan Poe
In the back of the taxi, Enid sat wedged between Micki and Detective Orlean. Claire sat in the front passenger seat and kept turning to examine Enid as if she were watching a science experiment that had gone terribly wrong. Before they had made their escape from the hospital, Enid had been in a semi-medicated stupor, but getting dragged through the hospital corridors with Micki and Claire yelling Ebola warnings into strangers’ faces had done wonders for snapping her out of her dazed state.
“Are you okay?” Bud said, eyeing Enid’s face with concern. “What happened—?”
Ignoring the fact that her nose bandage was gone and the butterfly stitches down the left side of her face were itching like they were infested with chiggers, Enid blurted out, “They got Jack!”
Everyone stared at her.
“I was in the hospital—wait!” Enid said, looking around, “Where are we? Phoenix?” Not waiting for an answer, Enid said, “A man—he came into my room and covered my mouth with something that smelled sweet—”
“Ether?” Bud said, almost disbelievingly.
“That’s the last thing I remember,” Enid said, “until Micki and Claire started slapping me—”
“You’re welcome,” Claire said primly.
Enid gripped Bud’s arm, “Before that, I was looking out the window—I saw them—they took Jack!”
“What do you mean, took?” Bud said, frowning.
“I saw it all from my window!” Enid said excitedly. “Jack was in the parking lot and a van pulled up and two guys got out and they knocked him out—”
“How?” Bud said.
Enid said, “One of them pointed something at him and he was on the ground and his feet were—like this,” Enid put her two arms out and jerked them in imitation of how Jack’s legs had flailed.
“They tasered him!” Micki said. “Like in the movies!”
“They threw him in the back of the van and took off,” Enid said, turning to Bud. “We have to find him!”
“Did you get the license plate?” Bud said.
Enid shook her head, wishing she had even thought of doing such a thing, but she had been too panicked.
The taxi driver pulled into the parking lot and said to Bud, “This is as close as I can get you, Mister.”
“Where are we?” Micki said, looking around.
Bud didn't answer as he examined the cross-streets closest to where he had abandoned his car, which were still closed to traffic.
“One moment,” Bud said, gesturing for the taxi driver to wait. Bud pulled out his cell phone and called Jenson and, when there was no answer, Bud left a message stating that Enid was with him and that they had left the hospital. Bud hung up and made another call to Jack’s office. Jack’s secretary, Rachel, answered and Bud introduced himself.
“I remember you,” Rachel said. “You’re the homicide detective that Mr. Fox spoke so highly of.”
“He did?” Bud said, startled.
“Well,” Rachel said, “he didn’t speak badly of you, which, for him, is speaking highly.”
Enid nudged Bud, indicating for him to tip the phone in her direction, so she could hear the conversation.
Bud ignored her, but Enid spoke loudly toward Bud’s phone. “Rachel! Have you heard from Jack?”
“Is that Enid?” Rachel said, surprised.
Bud pulled the phone away from Enid and gave her a warning look.
“Well, if you’re calling for Jack,” Rachel said, “I haven’t seen him since yesterday.” With another warning look at Enid, Bud said to Rachel, “Did you get any messages from Jack about doing research into some missing women? Not Marina—I’m talking about Russian women who went into County Hospital for procedures.”
“How did you know that?” Rachel said, surprised. Enid’s eyebrows also went up in surprise—and respect. “We’re you able to trace any of the women?” Bud said.
“Not one,” Rachel said. “It’s like they disappeared off the face of the earth.”
Bud took a deep breath, thinking. After a moment, he said, “Do you have Dr. Charkov’s home address?”
“Is that where Jack is?” Rachel said, exasperated. “I told him it was a stupid idea!”
“Which idea?” Bud said, pretending like he knew what the stupid idea was, so that she would tell him more information.
“You know, Detective Orlean,” Rachel said, “I really shouldn’t be talking to you about this.”
“I know for a fact that Jack is at Dr. Charkov’s home,” Bud lied. “I need that address.” Silence.
“Rachel?” Bud said. His cell phone beeped and he looked down and saw that Rachel had texted him Charkov’s address. “Thanks, Rachel,” Bud said.
Rachel said, “If I just did the wrong thing, I’m going to tell Jack that you had a warrant and you better back me up!”
Before Bud could answer, Rachel hung up.
“It’s the doctor from the slaughterhouse,” Enid hissed.
“Slaughterhouse?” Bud said, so startled that he almost dropped the phone. “Doctor Charkov,” Enid said.
Bud stared at her, incredulous. “How did—?” Bud stopped and looked from one girl to the other. “You three are going—” his eyes landed on Claire and he pointed at her, “to your house.”
Claire’s eyes widened in surprise.
“And all three of you are going to stay there until you hear from me,” Bud said. Claire nodded, happy to comply.
“Mister,” the taxi driver said to Bud, waving his hands around the inside of the cab, “You got an address or you gonna stake your claim? I got toenails that grow faster than this!” Claire turned to the taxi driver and gave her home address.
“Wait!” Enid said. “Claire lives in the opposite direction from where you’re heading. Shouldn’t you go to Dr. Charkov’s house first and then the taxi can take us to Claire’s house. Jack’s in trouble and you don’t have any time to waste!”
Bud hesitated.
Enid gave him an angelic look. “I’ll do exactly like you say, but you have to help Jack first. I promise—I’ll go to Claire’s house, but after we drop you off. I swear!”
Claire said, “Detective Orlean, we’ll take good care of Enid till you get back. Isn’t that right, Micki?”
Troubled, Micki hesitated. “You know, my mom is still at County.”
Claire gasped, “That’s right!” She turned to Bud and said, “Her mom is getting surgery right now!”
Micki said, “She’s probably out by now—”
Claire handed Micki her phone and said, “Call the hospital and ask if she’s out of surgery—and how she’s doing.”
Micki snatched the phone and, with trembling hands, she called the hospital.
Enid looked up at Bud, worried. “Is there any way—?” she lowered her voice, “that Dr.
Charkov is Micki’s mom’s surgeon?”
“No,” Claire said, shaking her head emphatically. “How do you know?” Enid said.
Claire gave Enid a “duh” look and said, “Dr. Isabelle Palamino is her surgeon. While we were waiting I did a background check—she only has one complaint with the state board and it was for a bill—not malpractice.”
Enid frowned and said, “Do you think that Dr. Charkov was going to be my surgeon?” “No,” Claire said, “Dr. Lamster was going to do your surgery.”
“How do you know that?” Bud said, surprised.
“I saw it on the big board they have up on the wall in the pre-op area,” Claire said. “Dr.
Lamster was listed as her surgeon and Dr. Adeep was her anesthesiologist. I did this memory class in third grade and, when I saw Enid’s name on the board, I remembered Lamster as Hamster, that was easy. I remembered Dr. Adeep as ‘beep, beep, beep’ with an ‘A’ in the beginning because they can’t start the surgery without putting the Anesthesiologist first—see?”
Bud was staring at her, open-mouthed.
Enid pointed at Claire and said to Bud, “She’s going to be President someday.” Claire said, “Or on the Supreme Court. I’m not sure.”
Bud made an “alrighty then” face.
Within fifteen minutes, the taxi was winding its way up a narrow road lined on either side by high walls hiding large homes. It stopped in front of a gate blocking access to the driveway.
“This is it,” the driver said, turning around to look at Bud expectantly.
Bud pulled a credit card from his wallet and handed it to Claire. “Pay whatever is due plus a tip when you get to your house. Stay put until you hear from me.”
Claire gave him a little salute and said, “Yes, sir.”
Bud shot one more worried look at Enid and said, “If you start feeling worse—” “I’m fine,” Enid said, surprised that anyone could be so gullible as to believe such a blatant lie.
Bud hesitated, then nodded. He got out of the taxi and walked toward the closed gate that guarded Charkov’s home.
All the properties on Charkov’s street had walls, but Charkov’s wall was the highest.
Puzzled, Enid watched as Bud walked past the front gate and toward a landscaping truck that was farther down the street.
Micki hung up the phone.
“Well?” Claire said.
Micki nodded, smiling tremulously. “She’s out of surgery and she’s going to be fine.” “Thank God,” Claire said with a smile.
The taxi driver was starting a K-turn on the narrow street.
“Can we wait?” Enid said. “Just to make sure he gets in safely?” The taxi driver sighed and said, “Meter’s running, kid.”
Enid watched as Bud got into a conversation with one of the landscapers, who was throwing a bag of debris into the back of the truck. Two other landscapers, one blowing leaves and the other pruning trees from a ladder, paused their work to watch Bud and their co-worker talking. Bud pulled out his wallet and slipped him something that could only be cash.
The man shrugged and then called for the other worker to come down from the ladder.
Within moments, the workers had vacated the ladder and were taking an impromptu smoke break on the other side of the truck.
Bud began climbing up the ladder.
“What’s he doing?” Enid said, startled. “He’s got a bad heart!”
Claire said, “He won’t be able to get down from the other side. It’s too high.”
Enid turned to Micki, who was still wearing Enid’s book-bag. Enid shoved Micki forward, unzipped the book-bag and dug around in it until she found the gun.
“Hey! Micki yelled in protest.
As soon as Enid’s fingers touched the cool metal of the gun, she felt her strength return.
She pulled it out, surprised at how good it felt in her hand. “Enid!” Claire gasped. “You took my mom’s gun!” “Gun?” the taxi driver turned around, alarmed.
Enid hid the gun under her thigh and said, “Don’t be stupid! I don’t have a gun—” “The taxi driver eyed her suspiciously.
Enid saw the glint of her cell phone in the book-bag and grabbed it, noting that Micki must have charged it for her.
Claire glared at her, fuming.
Enid tried to get out of the car, but Micki grabbed her shirt. “No! I won’t let you—”
Enid jerked free of Micki’s grasp and jumped out of the car. Her legs felt rubbery and, for a moment, the trees above her swam dizzyingly. She took a deep breath and, ignoring Micki and Claire’s protests, she walked toward the ladder, which was empty.
Detective Orlean was nowhere to be seen, which meant he had made it over the wall, which meant that she could make it over the wall also. She remembered the two men throwing Jack’s unconscious body into the back of the van and she moved forward faster. She didn’t know if Jack was in there, but Detective Orlean seemed to think he was and there was no way that she was going to let that doctor do to Jack what he had done to Mrs. Rivera.
From behind her, Enid felt Micki and Claire grab her. Not caring that she might hurt them, Enid fought like a scalded cat and broke free, running for the ladder. She pushed past the landscaper, who was in the process of moving the ladder, but Enid shoved him aside.
“Hey!” the man shouted.
Enid grabbed a rung and scrambled upward. Every movement hurt, but Enid forced herself to climb. She reached the top rung and threw her leg over the wall, straddling it. She glanced down at the ten-foot drop that ended on the doctor’s perfectly manicured lawn. A wave of nausea passed over her and, for one terrifying moment, she felt herself go faint. She squeezed her eyes shut and clenched the wall with her legs and both hands, willing herself to not fall.
Enid’s concentration was broken by the top of the ladder beating rhythmically against the wall next to her dangling leg. Enid opened her eyes.
The landscaper was climbing up after her with a look of anger his face that boded no good.
Without thinking, Enid hooked her foot under the top rung of the ladder and kicked it just hard enough to scare him, but not hard enough to topple the ladder backwards.
The landscaper’s expression morphed to terror as the ladder moved backwards and then, slowly, reversed direction and landed safely against the wall.
The man was staring up at her like she’d grown devil horns.
Enid locked eyes with him and stuck her foot out, wordlessly threatening to do it again— but harder.
The landscaper didn’t hesitate. He clambered down the ladder and, in revenge, he removed the ladder from the wall and carried it to the truck, muttering darkly.
Enid reached back and checked the gun, which was stuck in the back of her jeans, applied a reassuring pressure against her skin. She looked down, eyeing the distance she would have to jump when a troubling thought occurred to her —
What if I jump—and the gun blows off my butt?
Enid carefully pulled the gun out of the back of her jeans and dropped it onto the grass below her. She maneuvered, slowly and awkwardly, until she had the top of the wall tucked under her armpits, her legs dangling down. She wormed and midged her way carefully into a position so that she was hanging from the top of the wall by her hands, which were burning like fire with the effort. She glanced down and saw a flash of green that was still far beneath her dangling feet.
Taking a deep breath, she jammed her right foot into the wall, pushed herself backwards so she wouldn’t scrape her way down the wall and—she let go.
Enid plummeted to the ground, and her right heel hit the ground with a jarring thud that sent her sprawling backwards. She landed so hard that the impact knocked the air out of her with a sickening jolt. She lay on the grass for several moments, too dazed with pain to move.
The sound of a garage door opening—or closing—came from the house. Struggling against the pain, Enid rolled over and, without warning, she found that she was violently puking on the doctor’s lawn, which, when she was done, actually made her stomach feel better. Not daring to rest for too long and wishing that she could rinse her mouth, Enid forced herself to crawl to her knees. Shakily, she stood up and a lightning pain shot upward from her right heel. The pain was so intense that she almost fell to her knees. Enid stood for several moments, breathing deeply and willing the waves of pain radiating from her heel to recede.
It didn’t work.
Enid picked up the gun and hobbled toward the house as every bone and muscle in her body screamed for her to stop. Enid gritted her teeth, tears of pain in her eyes as she forced herself to keep moving.
Enid eyed the house, which had the blunt architecture of a giant cube of concrete. All of the windows were so high up that there would be no peeking in. It was weirdly modern—and creepy.
There was no sign of Detective Orlean, but Enid did spot a fuse box on the side of the house and made her way toward it. A thought came to her. She remembered something her mother said about people who turned tail and ran whenever a hurricane hit their home state of Florida.
Her mom compared those people to rats jumping off a sinking ship. Enid glanced at the setting sun in the west and a thought came to her—maybe rats were also the first ones out of dark houses.
Enid opened the door to the fuse box, revealing three long sets of switches, all of them neatly labelled. She was surprised to see that one third of all of the circuit breakers where labelled “basement.” Enid went down the rows and switched them all off.
The house and yard fell into that strange duskiness that falls between the red glow from the west and the darkness of the night. The low hum of the air conditioner and other nameless appliances from within the house all fell startlingly silent.
Enid stood still and listened. The silence was eerie.
Enid shivered, pulling her arms tight around her. There was no sound from the road and Enid briefly wondered if Micki and Claire were still out there. They were probably so mad at her that they had taken off—and she wouldn’t blame them.
Enid cautiously made her away along the outside of the house, doing her best to avoid the clusters of cacti that were cloaked in the dusk. She remembered the cell phone and pulled it out of her pocket, turning on the flashlight application. She dimmed the brightness to as low as it would go while still allowing her to make out where she was going.
Enid turned the corner of the house and found herself standing in the driveway that led into a massive garage. She shone the light in and saw four rows of cars, each row was two cars deep. Enid slipped into the garage and edged past the draped cars and towards the door at the far end.
Reaching the door, Enid reached out and gently turned the knob. To her surprise, the door wasn’t locked, and she wondered if Detective Orlean had already gone through that same door.
Heart pounding, Enid went in and found herself in a laundry room. She shone her light around and was startled to see several full-length white gowns hanging up with clear plastic over them. She moved toward them, puzzled. They looked like—bridal gowns?
Curious, she reached out and touched one that wasn't in a plastic bag. Even in the dim light, she could see that someone had spilled a whole bunch of chocolate down the front of it.
Enid recoiled from the gown, remembering the Stephen King factor—dried blood looks like chocolate. She shuddered and turned away from the gown, moving toward the next door. Before going through the door, she stopped to listen, but the house was silent.
Enid cautiously went through the door and found herself in a large, modern kitchen. She stopped, listening for any movement that would give her a clue as to where to find Detective Orlean. Just as she was about to move forward, a man’s scream tore through the house.
Terrified, Enid dropped into a crouch behind the kitchen’s island counter. It took her a few moments to realize that she had dropped her phone and was gripping the gun in both hands, ready to shoot. At what, she didn’t know, but she was ready!
Keeping the gun in position, she reached down with her left hand and retrieved her phone, which was the only light in the darkened kitchen. The sound of the man’s scream was still ringing in her ears—it had sounded more animal than man, but she could tell—it was a man.
Was it Bud? Jack?
The scream had come from somewhere deeper within the house and Enid knew what she had to do. Enid stood up on shaky legs and, forcing herself to be braver than she felt, she moved in the direction that the scream had come from.
Leaving the kitchen, Enid found herself in a wide and long hallway that was punctured with multiple large archways on either side. At each archway, she paused, pressing the cell phone’s light to her leg as she listened for any sounds. Once she was sure the room was empty, she shone her flashlight in and made sure. The sparsely furnished rooms held furniture that looked as uncomfortable as a church pew. The flashlight briefly illuminated jarringly ugly artwork that featured naked women who had bleeding stumps where hands should have been. Enid winced as she moved past a particularly bad painting of what looked like a giant vagina-spider sitting on a flowerbed made up of penises.
Enid painstakingly made her way past the third archway when she heard the muffled sound of a man groaning.
Enid froze, gripping the gun tighter in her sweaty palm. She lowered her flashlight and pressed the illuminated side to her jeans to hide the light. The sounds were coming from somewhere in front of her. Using the phone’s light, Enid edged her way down the hallway, following the moaning, until she got to a metal door, which was open by only an inch. She shut off her cell phone’s light and slipped her fingers around the edge of the door, gently pulling it open. She looked in and, her eyes not accustomed to total darkness, saw nothing. She stood still and listened.
Silence.
Enid turned back on the cell phone’s flashlight and shone it through the door. A flight of stairs led downward and Enid remembered the fuse box with the abnormally large number of circuit breakers labelled “basement.”
Enid was taking her first step through the stairs when a voice stopped her. “Don’t move,” a woman’s voice said softly.
Enid froze, terrified.
A woman was standing behind her, in the darkened hallway. She spoke softly, like she was afraid of being overheard. “I’ve got a gun aimed at your head. You move, I blow your brains out. Got it?”
Enid was too scared to nod, so she remained frozen in place. The woman said, “Put your hands up—slow!”
Enid did as she was told, but made sure that her flashlight was pointed away from her other hand that gripped the gun.
The woman said, “Turn around—slow.”
Hands up, Enid did as she was told, but she swiveled her wrist so that her light was shining at the woman.
Enid gaped in astonishment. It was the woman from the dating agency—the one that she had blown bloody snot on.
Katya Charkov was wearing a flowing white chiffon gown and oversized eyeglasses, which Enid recognized from the movies as being infrared, which Enid knew meant that she could see in the dark. Enid also saw that Katya was as good as her word—she did have a gun aimed at Enid’s head.
Enid wasn’t sure if her blood ran cold or she peed herself, but something cold ran down her legs. She stared in paralyzed horror at Katya’s gun. She suddenly and very deeply regretted blowing bloody snot onto the woman.
“You!” Katya hissed, jabbing the gun at Enid, “You’re the brat—!”
Enid moved her wrist, aiming the light at Katya’s infrared glasses, hoping that it would blind her.
Katya ducked her head, hissing, “Turn off the light!”
Enid moved the light so it wasn’t shining at Katya, but she didn’t turn it off. Enid drew a ragged breath and burst out, “The police—they’re on their way!”
“Piz-da!” Katy said, taking aim with the gun.
Enid heard a click and, without thinking, she hurled herself backwards and went tumbling down the dark stairwell. The explosion of Katya’s gun was right behind her and, as Enid flew through the air, time slowed to a series of meticulous slices of fractions of seconds. The thought was crystal-clear in Enid’s mind—the clearest thought she had ever had —
This is gonna hurt.
And it did.
Enid’s head was filled with her own animal grunts and groans as she took the long, painful bone-crunching fall down what seemed like a million miles of brutal stairs. In slow motion, Enid saw her hair whip past her eyes and felt searing agony rip through her left hip, then her shoulder—then her wrist, her arm—
The cold concrete floor flew up to meet her and, as Enid came to a painful jolting halt— time sped up to what she had always known it to be. Only one thought now remained—Katya was coming for her!
Grunting in pain, Enid rolled to her side and got on all fours as she crawled deeper into the darkness, which now seemed like her best friend—except—
Katya can see in the dark!
Enid half-dragged, half-crawled forward, her hands patting the floor, desperately seeking the gun or the phone, which she had dropped.
Light flooded the room.
Enid shut her eyes against the harsh glare. She struggled to her feet and stood, swaying unsteadily. She was too confused and hurt to know what to do. There was a buzzing in her head and she tasted blood in her mouth and, as her eyes adjusted to the light, she looked around her and—
Enid’s mind ran rampant with confusion. She blinked her eyes, unsure if what she was seeing was real. Her eyes darted between a wedding chapel, a garish bedroom with a huge mirror above the bed and—
An operating room.
Enid reeled back, engulfed with an electrifying terror that made it hard to breathe. Her back pressed into the cold, concrete wall, her eyes darted around the bizarre room, searching for an escape.
That’s when she saw Jack.
Despite the ghoulish, heavy makeup, Enid recognized Jack instantly. He was wearing a flouncy wedding gown that would have been perfectly white—except that blood slashed down the front of it. His wrists were tied above his head and held aloft by a thick chain bolted to the ceiling. Jack was twisting and jerking so violently that blood was running from his wrists and arms.
Someone was screaming and, startled, Enid realized it was her. Jack’s gaze riveted on her, his eyes wide with horror—then hope.
Their eyes locked and Enid understood him as clearly as if he had spoken to her. She followed his eyes as they guided hers to the other side of the room where a man was crawling up from the floor to a standing position.
Enid gasped, recognizing the man as the doctor from the slaughterhouse. Panic roiled through her at the sight of his massive form and she might have turned and run, but her legs refused to move. Enid stared at the fresh blood that ran from the doctor’s mouth, chin, and onto his blood-soaked shirt, giving him the look of an animal interrupted from feasting on its prey.
It’s Jack’s blood!
A savage fury filled Enid, consuming everything within her like she was dry tinder. Only one thing survived. Her entire existence came down to one thought—
Kill!
The doctor saw Enid coming and he lurched onto his feet and toward a fire extinguisher hanging from a nearby wall. He reached past it and grabbed an axe that hung on the wall. The doctor turned and swung the axe upward and came at her, his cold eyes zeroed in on her tiny frame.
To her shock, Enid realized that she was no longer scared and the feeling was delicious. Her lips curled into an animal snarl as her eyes lock onto the doctor’s. Eyes blazing, Enid ripped an animal scream of rage from somewhere deep inside of herself.
The doctor was coming at her, but he stopped no more that ten feet from her. He stood like a statue, the axe still hovering above his head. The doctor’s eyes moved past her and he stood as if transfixed.
Enid followed the doctor’s eyes and she saw, framed in the doorway at the top of the stairs, Katya and Detective Orlean. Katya was on her knees while Detective Orlean stood above her, one hand gripping her hair so hard that Katya’s facial skin was pulled upward like she’d had a bad face-lift. In his other hand, Bud had a gun aimed at Dr. Charkov.
Katya’s face was contorted with pain as she screamed something unintelligible in Russian.
Enid’s attention snapped back to the doctor, who stared past her. He was looking at Katya, his eyes filled with uncertainty—and fear.
Enid looked back to Katya in time to see Bud’s gun crack down hard onto Katya’s skull.
Katya’s screaming abruptly stopped and her body crumpled forward. Bud released his grip on her hair and Katya, unconscious, slid down the stairs like a broken doll.
Enid stared up at Bud, who stood framed in the doorway, his gun still aimed at Dr.
Charkov. Enid heard Bud’s shouting, but her mind couldn’t register any meaning to the sounds.
Knowing what she had to do, Enid’s eyes searched the floor and she spotted the gun that she had dropped. Enid darted forward and grabbed it from the floor.
Without thinking, Enid turned on the doctor and, with the sureness of someone doing a simple mathematical equation—one that included the doctor as a permanent subtraction—Enid stalked toward him, took aim—and fired.
That strange acrid smell of a fired gun assailed Enid’s nose, but she heard nothing.
Savage animal joy filled her heart and she never felt so sure about anything. It was as if God had come down from heaven, stood beside her and guided her gun. Lights flashed around her and she suddenly heard a chorus of angels gather around her, protecting her as they sweetly sang “kill, kill, kill.”
Her aim was true.
Enid felt at one with the universe as each bullet found a new home deep within the doctor’s flesh. Still shooting, Enid watched as the doctor staggered backward, one hand outstretched toward her as if to stop the bullets and the other hand releasing the axe, which fell to the floor.
Then he fell to the floor.
Enid reached Charkov, but his face turned from her. Enid bent down and used all of her strength to roll him over so that he was lying on his back. With satisfaction, Enid saw that his grey eyes were staring up at her in terrified disbelief.
Maybe he was praying, maybe he was begging for mercy—Enid didn’t know and didn’t care. The only thing it meant to Enid was that his mouth was already open, so she shoved the gun into his mouth, which he tried to stop by clenching his teeth together. She jammed the gun deeper and harder, hearing and feeling the satisfying sound of teeth breaking. His hands that had been tearing at her fell away. He put his hands out, palms facing her and his eyes begging for mercy.
Enid bent over him, studying the play of emotions on his face and in his eyes. With the gun in his mouth, Enid watched as Lucifer fled from the doctor’s eyes and was satisfied to see that it was only the doctor who was left lying on the floor beneath her. He wasn’t a monster. He was just a horrible, little man with a horrible, little plan.
The doctor stared up at Enid, eyes pleading and pathetic. “This is for Mrs. Rivera,” Enid hissed, pulling the trigger. Empty click.
Enid pulled the trigger—again and again and again—
The only thing that Enid could hear was the horrible blankness of the empty clicks. Wild with fury, Enid pulled the gun from the doctor’s mouth and began beating his face with the gun handle, screaming at him—unintelligible things that only the angels could understand.
Strong arms encircled Enid, dragging her upward. Enid fought to break free, frantic with desperation, knowing that it was the two men she had killed—they weren’t dead! They had come back and they were going to kill her, but she had to kill them before they killed her—
The last Enid remembered was—a flash of Jack’s grotesquely made-up face looking at her in horror from where he was chained up and unable to move—and then Bud’s face—grey and haggard—yelling something at her—
She didn’t care—she didn’t hear. God retreated.
The angels fled.
Enid felt a giant crevasse of devastation open within her and she felt completely alone—
Why did they leave me?
Enid fought against the arms that restrained her. She was furious at herself—and them—for leaving her. Electric wires of rage stormed through her—she wanted at Charkov—she wasn’t done! Enid fought to break free—she wanted to rip Charkov to shreds—feed him to the vultures—
Something hit her in the head and, before she slipped into the black abyss that was always there—always waiting for her—she sunk her teeth into warm flesh and felt the satisfaction of hearing a howl of pain.

Chapter 45
You’re in pretty good shape for the shape you are in. Dr Seuss
Jack stared at the blank television screen in Enid’s hospital room. Enid was still asleep and he was relieved that he didn’t have to talk to her.
It had been a mere 48 hours before when two firemen had cut Jack down from Charkov’s chains. As far as Jack was concerned, it felt like moments ago. Tylenol had taken the fiery pain in his bandaged wrists down to a dull ache, but he knew that nothing short of a bullet to his brain would have the power to dull the memory of what had almost happened to him in Charkov’s cellar. That would be branded into his memory until the day he died.
Jack glanced at Enid. Asleep in the hospital bed, Enid looked downright fragile. Despite the way she looked now, Jack couldn’t shake the image of Enid when she went bat-shit, fucking medieval insane on Charkov’s ass.
Jack shuddered and looked away from Enid. He had actually been worried for her sanity, and the vision of her going berserk was another memory that he was sure he would see again—in his nightmares.
Jack turned back to stare at the blank screen of the television. He sunk lower in the chair and told himself, for the thousandth time, that he was happy that they were alive, but if he had to see the footage of him on the local news one more time—him looking like a bridal version of the Rocky Horror Picture Show getting rescued like he was some cross-dressing damsel in distress by two burly firemen—he was going to kill somebody!
They’d taken him and Enid to the emergency room and, after they’d done a cursory patch-up job on him, Jack had checked out, against medical advice. Of course, he’d then gone one room over so he could stay by Enid’s side.
Jesus.
The kid looked like she’d gotten run over by a Mack truck. Her right heel was broken, which had required surgery and she now had a below-the-knee cast on her right leg and was limited to a wheelchair because she couldn’t handle crutches due to the injuries to her hands, wrists and shoulders. Enid now had layers of bruises—the newest ones were purple, the older ones yellow and brown, and some were even a sickly green. Her broken nose had gotten re-broken again and that was going to be another surgery in the not too distant future.
Jack got up from his chair and stood by the side of her bed. He looked down at her face, examining it while she slept.
Enid’s eyes popped opened. “What?”
Jack jumped back, startled. “Jesus!” he said. “How long have you been awake?” Enid didn’t answer, she just stared at him.
Jack tried to smile, but it felt rusty—and fake. After an awkward moment, he said, “How do you feel?”
“Like I ate shit and died,” Enid said.
Jack opened his mouth to tell her not to cuss, but he stopped himself. She had earned the right to tell it like it was—even if it meant cursing like a long-haul truck driver.
Enid said, “When can I go home?”
“Doctor says maybe tomorrow,” Jack said. Enid nodded, not arguing.
Enid was still subdued, but Jack could see the fire slowly returning to her eyes. The medications were wearing off—or she was building up a tolerance to the pain meds. Either way, Enid was starting to show signs of returning to her usual persnickety self.
There was a knock on the door.
Jack turned and saw Bud standing in the doorway, waiting to be invited in. Jack grimaced and looked away, unable to meet Bud’s eyes. To his mortification, he felt his face flame red as he gestured for Bud to enter. Jack hated the fact that Bud had seen him dressed up like a bride and ready to be —
“How’s our girl?” Bud said cheerily as he limped into the room with the aid of a cane. Enid slunk down in her hospital bed, her face also bright red with embarrassment.
To Jack’s surprise, Enid seemed to be suffering more emotional turmoil over biting Bud’s arm than she was over plugging Charkov to within an inch of his life. Enid had unloaded a entire clip into that bastard and, ironically enough, she hadn’t hit any major organs. Charkov was going to live a full and healthy life—in prison.
Embarrassed, Enid said to Bud, “How’s your arm?”
Bud sat down and nodded to his right arm, which was bandaged where Enid had bitten him. “After what you’ve been through—if the only damage I sustained was a bite and a bum knee—I think I’ll survive.”
“I’m really sorry,” Enid said, looking miserable with shame.
Bud waved his hand and said, “Water under the bridge, kiddo. I’m here to find out how you’re doing.”
“Pablo is going to fix my nose,” Enid said, smiling happily. Bud raised his eyebrows and looked at Jack questioningly.
“He’s Doctor Pritchard,” Enid said, “but he told me I could call him Pablo.” “He looks like a movie star,” Jack said, shaking his head.
“And he drives a Spyder! He showed me a picture,” Enid said. “I didn’t know you were into cars,” Bud said to Enid.
“She’s not,” Jack said, giving Enid a sly glance. “Pablo looks like he stepped straight off the movie screen.”
Ignoring Jack’s remarks, Enid said to Bud, “The nurses told me that Pablo is the best traumatic plastic surgeon in Phoenix. I asked him if I could get a nose like the girl in the Twilight series—I forget her name, but he said he’d Google her and see what he can do.”
“Find out the girl’s name,” Bud said with a smile. “You don’t want to get the wrong actress’s nose.”
“Good idea,” Enid said with a grateful nod.
Bud turned to Jack with a wan smile. “Well, the deed has been done. Just came from downtown and I am officially retired.”
“How’s it feel?” Jack said, curious.
“Different,” Bud said with a forced smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. Jack said, “So, you’re still on board for—?”
“Yes,” Bud said.
Jack said, “You can come down to the agency and meet Rachel—although I haven’t told her yet. I’ll keep my office and I guess you can have my client office—”
“Hey!” Enid said, sitting up excitedly. “You two—you’re going to work together?” Bud said, “Went online yesterday and applied for my private detective license.” “Wow,” Enid said, “I never would have figured the two of you—”
“Me neither,” Bud said. “It’s a trial,” Jack said.
Bud shot him a look, confused.
Jack quickly said, “To see if you like it.” Bud hesitated, then nodded.
To change the subject, Jack said, “I talked to my client, Layla, this morning.”
“Ed Farnship’s wife,” Bud said, shaking his head sympathetically. “How’s she doing?”
“Not good,” Jack said, “but at least she knows what happened to her sister, Marina.
Maybe now she can get some closure. They’re working on getting Marina’s remains so that her sister can give her a proper burial.”
“I saw photos of Marina,” Bud said. “She was stunning. Like a young Bunnie.”
“What’s a young bunny?” Enid said, puzzled.
Bud glanced at her, startled. “Oh, like my—ex-wife. Still sounds funny—calling her my ex.”
Sensing Bud’s embarrassment, Enid turned to Jack and said, “So, what happened to her—
Marina, I mean.”
Jack said, “Marina’s sister, Layla, handed over her life savings to an agency in Moscow, so she could bring Marina to the States—so she could marry an American man and start a new life. The “agency” in Moscow was a front for the Russian mob and it was run by Dmitri Derzhavin—he was the d.d. in Katya’s phone—and he was funneling Russian mail-order brides into Katya’s Perfect Match dating agency here in Phoenix. Layla arrived first and married Ed Farnship. Then Layla paid for Marina to come here. Marina thought she was marrying Dr.
Charkov, but he was already married to Katya, but, of course, Marina didn’t know that. During their “engagement,” Charkov made Marina promise not to tell Layla his identity until after they were married. All Layla knew was that Marina was coming to Phoenix to marry a rich, important man and she would find out who he was after the honeymoon.”
Bud said, “I wonder how many other women Charkov did that to?”
Jack said, “Charkov’s own wife, Katya, set up Marina as her husband’s mail-order bride. As owner of Perfect Match, Katya was in the perfect position to find the most vulnerable women who wouldn’t be missed if they disappeared. Katya’s dating agency was a front—”
“Not entirely,” Bud said.
“Yeah,” Jack said, “some guys, like your friend Ed Farnship, actually did get their mail-order brides, but some of those girls—who knows how many—got funneled off for Charkov’s medical fraud scam or for their organs or—” Jack’s voice faltered, but he forced himself to continue, “Charkov was taking some of the girls for himself—before he killed them.” Jack took a shaky breath, thinking how close he had come to being one of Charkov’s girls.
Enid was staring at Jack with wide eyes.
Jack caught her looking at him and they both looked away.
After a moment, Enid said, “So, Katya had to know, right? I mean, Katya was living in the house and you said Marina was living there too—and that was when Marina thought she was engaged to the doctor—”
Jack said, “Eyewitnesses have Katya taking Marina shopping for a wedding gown. They think that Katya was posing as Charkov’s personal assistant and that she knew that he was going to kill her.”
“Who’s they?” Enid said.
“The FBI,” Bud said. “It isn’t a local investigation anymore.” “It’s so—evil,” Enid said.
Bud nodded and said, “I think it’s safe to say that Charkov has a pattern: dress the victim up like a bride—”
Jack shot Bud a look.
Bud stopped, embarrassed. “Sorry,” he said with a grimace. After a short silence, Bud said to Enid, “Long story short, Charkov sells his victim’s organs on the black market.”
Enid looked at Jack, frowning. “So, when he dressed you up—” Jack jerked his hand up, stopping her. “Please!”
Bud turned to Enid and quickly interjected, “Let’s just say that Charkov was intent on killing Jack.”
“Ya’ think?” Jack muttered as he suppressed a shudder. “Sorry,” Enid muttered, making an apologetic face.
Jack said to Enid, “I’ll make you a deal—you don’t ever bring up that—and I’ll never bring up—”
“Okay, okay!” Enid said, clapping her hands over her ears and screwing up her face like she was in pain.
Bud eyed them, curious. “I take it there’s something you two forgot to tell me?”
Speaking too fast, Enid said breathlessly, “It’s about the slaughterhouse! Jack’s talking about how I saw Charkov at the slaughterhouse.” Enid gave Jack a warning look. “Right?”
Jack looked down, nodded. He didn’t want to think about Enid killing that man by putting a hammer through his skill.
There was an awkward silence. Jack knew that Bud wasn’t buying Enid’s lame story, but Bud surprised Jack by letting it slide. Jack glanced up at him, grateful.
Bud gazed at him, his eyes unreadable. After a moment, Bud turned to Enid and said, “Charkov had connections to the Mexican mafia, who regularly kidnapped travelers off La Bestia.”
“What’s La Bestia?” Enid said.
Bud said, “A train that runs from Mexico to south of the US border. The Mexican mafia is known for kidnapping travelers from La Bestia and selling those people into human slavery—”
“Or to the highest bidder,” Jack said grimly.
“Maria,” Enid said, her eyes clouded.
“Maybe,” Jack said. “Or maybe Maria came up from Mexico with the help of a coyote who then sold her to Charkov.”
Bud said, “The Mexican mafia controls most of the coyotes who are paid by Mexicans to guide them through the desert, over the border, and into the United States. Unfortunately, lots of them never made it further than Charkov’s slaughterhouse. The Mexican mafia would pay the coyotes more money to turn the illegal immigrants over to them and then turn around and sell them to Charkov.”
Jack said, “Charkov created a dummy company that he used to purchase the slaughterhouse three years ago. He’s been using the slaughterhouse to hold kidnapped Mexicans and use as a makeshift operating room to remove their organs to sell on the black market.”
“But there were,” Enid said, gulping, “cows.”
Bud said, “Charkov hired people to run the place as a slaughterhouse—to keep up appearances. Actually, it was causing quite a stir with the community because Charkov was bringing in his own workers and lots of local jobs had been lost. The FBI is also investigating that because Charkov was housing the shipped-in workers in dormitories at the slaughterhouse.”
Jack looked at Bud, startled. “More human slavery?”
“Most likely,” Bud said. “From what Jenson told me, most of them didn’t speak English, but, for now, the FBI is being very closed-mouthed. Charkov had the slaughterhouse set up as a massive front for his more lucrative black market activities—not to mention a secure place to perform surgeries that harvested the organs for the black market.
Enid looked at Jack, “What about Maria?”
“We have your Maria and she’s safe,” Jack said, smiling. “She’s getting the proper medical care.”
“And the rest of them?” Enid said, her eyes lighting up.
“Danny called while you were sleeping,” Jack said, “and, thankfully, my people found them. They’re in a safe place—food, water, medical care and a top-notch legal team.”
“For real?” Enid said, unsure.
“Scout’s honor,” Jack said with a laugh.
Frowning, Enid said, “What do you mean—my people? And who’s Danny?” “My attorney,” Jack said with twinkling eyes.
Bud grinned. “Looks like you’ve been spending somebody’s money.” “Like it’s on fire!” Jack said, laughing.
Bud shook his head, amused.
“What’s going on?” Enid said, puzzled. “Did you get a new case?”
Jack leaned back and gave a giant stretch and yawn as he said, “Let’s just say that an eccentric billionaire has been spending money like he’s got a machine in the basement printing it up by the truckload—and he’s spending that money on helping Maria—and her friends.”
Enid was staring at him, her face going from puzzled to angry.
Jack tried to wipe the smile off his face, but he couldn’t. Spending Eve’s money to help Maria—and give Enid something to smile about—was one of the few things in this whole mess of a case that made him feel any semblance of honest pleasure. And he’d been saving that tidbit of information until he was sure it was done before he told Enid.
At the thought that he also hadn’t yet told Enid that he was now married to Eve Hargrove—well, that managed to wipe the smile off his face. Jack had unplugged the television in Enid’s room for the last two days, so that she wouldn’t accidentally see anything on local news. He’d also talked to the nurses, so they wouldn’t helpfully plug the television back in when he wasn’t there. It had taken some doing, but the television had remained off.
Enid’s eyes were beginning to snap with anger. “You’re messing with me! Who’s Danny?”
Jack gave her a conciliatory smile and said, “I’ll explain everything later. I promise.” Enid crossed her arms and scowled at him.
Before Enid could argue, Jack said, “You might not know this, Enid, but to sell human organs on the black market, you need three things: a doctor who performs the surgeries, a dishonest funeral home willing to dispose of the remains of the people, and a medical corporation who can “launder” the organs and take them from being illegal to legal and then funnel them back into the medical system.”
Still glaring at him, Enid said sarcastically, “I’ll write my next term paper on it.”
“That’s not a bad idea,” Jack said. “On the next parent-teacher meeting, I’ll mention that you want to write that term paper.”
Enid rolled her eyes and said, “So, what you're saying is that people who think they’re getting a heart legally—”
“Exactly,” Jack said, “It’s like the cash in your wallet—it looks legal—and is legal, but you have no idea where the cash actually came from. Is it fresh from the Federal Reserve or is it laundered drug money?”
“Let me get this straight,” Enid said, “Dr. Charkov was getting Russian mail-order brides through his wife’s dating agency and he was kidnapping illegal aliens coming up from Mexico— and he was doing surgeries on all of them—stealing their organs and selling them—”
“Biomed Corp,” Bud said. “That’s the only one that we—uh, the police—know of so far.
Gabby gave up Scott’s name and the police have him in custody.”
Jack shook his head and said, “There’s no way that Scott was the only guy in the company who knew what was going on. To run an organization like Charkov was running, they’d have to have layers of people working together at Biomed—on all different levels.”
“That’s a problem for the FBI now,” Bud said. “Scott was Charkov’s point-man, so he’s the first domino to fall.”
Enid said, “What about the funeral home?” Bud grimaced and said, “George.”
“Who’s George?” Enid said. “Is he with Danny?”
“No,” Bud said. “I knew George from the old days. Firebug turned mortician.” “Sounds logical,” Jack said.
Bud said, “At some point, George started doing business with Charkov. According to George’s wife, Gabby, she was part of Charkov’s payment for services rendered. George was getting lonely—”
Jack said, “I’m sure the dating world is not kind to men who stink of embalming fluids.” “George isn’t exactly a ladies’ man,” Bud said, “so Charkov arranged that George could get his own mail-order Russian bride through Perfect Match.” “Gabby?” Enid said.
“Yes,” Bud said. “but what George didn’t realize was that, as he got his buddy, Trevor Wissman, involved in the illegal activities, that Gabby and Trevor began having an affair behind his back.”
“Gross,” Enid said.
Bud said, “So far, George and Trevor have the only two funeral homes that we know are involved with Charkov’s operations. Both George and Trevor are already in custody.”
“What about Gabby?” Enid said.
“Gabby is going to testify against them in exchange for getting into the witness relocation program, where she will get exactly what she wants,” Bud said, grinning at the thought of Gabby cavorting with the lesbian cowgirls of Texas.
“What’s she want?” Enid said.
Jack grinned and said, “Delicious dishes!”
Bud made a face and looked away, trying not to laugh.
Enid looked from Jack to Bud. “What’s that mean? Delicious dishes? Does she want to start a restaurant?”
“Something like that,” Jack said.
Enid frowned, then said, “So, Dr. Charkov steals Mexicans from La Bestia and mail-order brides from his wife’s dating company and then he steals their livers and sends the rest of them to the firebug’s funeral home—”
Bud said, “And then the stolen organs go to Biomed Corp, where they got laundered back into the system.”
Jack said, “Don’t forget that Charkov was also funneling the Russian girls into his hospital, where he did bogus procedures, so he could file fraudulent medical claims and then, when they were used up—but not so used up that their organs weren’t good—then he’d do the final surgeries that removed their organs.”
“How many people did he kill?” Enid said, frowning. “I don’t know,” Bud said. “Hundreds?”
“It’s been going on for three years,” Jack said, shaking his head. “Maybe more.”
Enid said, “Why couldn’t he just do the fake medical claims—without killing people?”
Bud said, “I’ve been thinking about that. If a surgeon bills for the procedure, that’s one charge, but if they have an actual patient and they can bill for the hospital room, the anesthesiologist, the medications—”
Jack shook his head. “It’s not just the money. He’s a sadistic bastard. He likes to cut up people.”
“That too,” Bud said quietly. “If there’s a God in heaven, which I truly believe there is, he won’t wait for the devil. He’ll send angels to drag that monster straight to hell.”
As if talking to herself, Enid said softly, “And the angels sang—kill, kill, kill…”
“What?” Jack said, startled.
“Oh!” Enid said, looking at him with wide, puzzled eyes. “I don’t know—I guess— maybe—maybe I heard it—in a dream…”
Jack smiled nervously. When Enid had said those strange words, a look had come over her face that had somehow reminded him of when she had lost her mind and gone after Charkov. Shaken, Jack pushed the terrible memory away.
Jack cleared his throat and said to Enid, “When you were in the first hospital I took you to, right after I picked you up at the Gas-N-Go, Charkov wasn’t on staff, but he used to be—he got kicked off over a year ago. He still had connections who would put in a friendly call if anyone showed up with anything unusual—”
Bud said, “As in any medical conditions that might result in death and no relatives or friends to call.”
Jack nodded and said, “And then Enid shows up spouting off about livers and slaughterhouses and evil doctors and Mexicans—”
“It was all true!” Enid said.
“I know that,” Jack said, “but that is what triggered the call. Somebody on Charkov’s payroll alerted him and they sent—”
“The guy who drugged me!” Enid said.
Jack said, “He knocked you out with ether and someone else who works there—they don’t know who exactly yet, but it had to be a doctor—they transported you by helicopter down to County Hospital for emergency surgery.”
Enid shivered, wrapping her arms around herself protectively. “They were going to cut me open—like they did with Mrs. Rivera.” After a moment, Enid said to Jack, “But Dr. Charkov wasn’t there. Claire said that another doctor was going to do the surgery—a Hamster or—”
“Dr. Lamster,” Bud said.
Enid said to Jack, “But Dr. Charkov was at his house—with you!”
Jack grimaced. “Maybe Lamster was in on it—or maybe they were going to keep you there until Charkov showed up to take over. I guess the FBI will sort that out.”
Enid said, “Claire researched him and said that Dr. Lamster is an excellent surgeon. And board-certified.”
“Then, hopefully, the FBI will clear him,” Jack said wryly. Enid said, “I don’t ever want to see a doctor again!”
Jack said, “What about Pablo?”
“Oh!” Enid said, feigning indifference, “Him—he’s okay. I’ll let him be my doctor.”
Jack gave her a mischievous look and said, “Oh, Dr. Pablo Pritchard is just—okay? Is that like Chip was just—okay?”
“What’s he got to do with this?” Enid said, scowling. “Besides, you better thank God that I showed up when I did to save your butt!”
Jack’s smile morphed into a scowl.
“Which reminds me!” Bud said to Enid, “You should have done what you promised to do and go back to Claire’s house.”
Enid said, “No way I was going to leave you there alone.” “You broke your promise,” Bud said sternly.
“Well,” Enid said, screwing up her face in a semi-apologetic expression, “I won’t do that again and—I’m sorry.” Before Bud could respond, Enid burst out, “But if I didn’t go in there, you’d both be dead!”
“If that’s your official apology—you need to brush up on your skills,” Bud said, not unkindly.
Enid said to Bud, “Where were you? I went in, but I couldn’t find you.”
“How’d you get in?” Jack said.
Bud sighed. “I went in through—a dog door.” Jack raised his eyebrows, surprised.
Bud said, “It was a large dog door and, lucky for me, there was no dog.”
“But the garage door was open,” Enid said. Bud stared at her. “Really?”
“I walked right in,” Enid said, “through the open garage door.”
“That would have been—easier,” Bud said wryly, rubbing his shoulder. “Anyway, I went in and I heard something, so I found my way upstairs and, when I was in Katya’s bedroom, that’s when the lights went out—”
“That was me,” Enid said, smiling. “I found the circuit breaker and shut everything off.” “I know,” Bud said, “I about killed myself going back down the stairs.”
“Oh,” Enid said. “Sorry.”
Bud said, “I was coming down the stairs when I heard the scream—” “That was Charkov,” Jack said crisply.
Enid looked at Jack, “I heard one of the nurses say you bit his tongue off—how’d that happen?”
“Don’t worry about it!” Jack said, his face bright red. Making a face, Enid said, “Did he kiiiiiss you?”
“Shut up!” Jack yelled. He jumped up and looked around the room, wanting to grab something and break it.
“Sorry!” Enid said, holding up her hands. “Jeez!”
Jack turned on Enid furiously. “You bring that up one more time and I’m gonna start talkin'—”
Enid stared up at him, her face white with terror.
With effort, Jack got himself under control and returned to sitting down. During the outburst, Bud had stood up as if ready to defend Enid.
Jack looked up at Bud. “I’m okay,” he muttered.
“It’s not you I’m worried about,” Bud said, giving a significant look at Enid, who looked on the verge of bursting into tears.
Jack looked at Enid and his face softened. “Sorry, Enid. I didn’t mean to lose my temper.” “That’s okay,” Enid said softly. “I shouldn’t have—I’m sorry, too.”
Bud looked from one to the other and made an “I’m impressed” face. “That was very mature. I think there’s hope for both of you.”
Ignoring his comment, Jack said to Bud, “You start work on Monday, right?”
“Not till I get my license,” Bud said.
“You should come in,” Jack said. “Just to get the lay of the land. You can work under my guidance—”
Bud shot him a look.
Jack lifted his hands and said, “Just till you make it legit—till your license comes through.”
“Can I work at the office?” Enid said, “Part-time?” “You have school,” Jack said, sharply.
“On weekends,” Enid said. “After school too, if you need me.”
Jack hesitated. “Well, I don’t know—”
“You’ll have to pay me,” Enid said. “And I’m not cheap.”
“Glad to hear it,” Jack said drily. “What, may I ask, do we owe this sudden work ethic to?”
“I want a car,” Enid said.
“How long has that been brewing?” Jack said with a short laugh.
“Didn’t you want a car?” Enid said defensively. “When you were my age—if you can remember back that far—didn’t you want a car?” “I did,” Bud said. “Worked for it, too.”
“I had a car when I was your age,” Jack said to Enid. “I also had a car payment, insurance payments and I was working on a construction crew.”
Enid made a face and said, “Well, I do not want to work on a construction crew, but I could help around the office. I really want a car.”
Jack said, “What are your two friends’ names?”
“Micki and Claire,” Enid said, frowning. “You’re just trying to change the subject—” “No,” Jack said thoughtfully. “I want you to have fun—hang out with your friends and stay a—” Jack stopped. He was about to say “kid” but he didn’t know if she was a kid anymore.
She’d been through too much.
“I want a car,” Enid said stubbornly. “I can get a job and pay for it myself – “ “I’ll get you a car,” Jack said.
Enid stared at him, her mouth dropped open in astonishment.
Jack looked at her, his face surprisingly earnest. “But we’re going to make a deal and you are going to have to make me some promises that you absolutely must keep.”
“Like what?” Enid said, suspiciously.
Jack took a deep breath. “You have to promise to always wear your seat belt—and everybody in the car has to wear a seat belt! You are going to have a strict curfew and you have to promise to tell me where you are going and check in with me if you even think you are going to be one minute late. We can’t keep doing what we’ve been doing, Enid. It just doesn’t work. We haven’t been—” Jack fell silent, not knowing what to say.
“Communicating?” Enid said, hesitantly.
“Yeah, that,” Jack said. “We need to get on the same page and—yeah, communicate. I think—if we were better at talking to each other and—respecting each other—”
Enid’s eyebrows shot up, surprised.
Seeing her reaction, Jack said, “You almost got killed—more than once! I’m worried about you. I want you to stay safe and—happy.”
Enid stared at him as if not quite believing him.
“You don’t need to work,” Jack said. “You have the rest of your life to work. I want you in school. This is a time in your life when you should be studying and having fun with your friends—Micki and—”
“Claire,” Enid said.
Jack said, “We’ll come up with some ground rules that will keep me in the loop and keep you safe and happy and—I’ll get you a car.”
“But—you’re broke,” Enid said.
Bud stared at Jack in astonishment. “You haven’t told her?” “Haven’t told me what?” Enid said, eyeing Jack suspiciously.
Jack felt his face flame with embarrassment, but he couldn’t help grinning.
“Ohhhh!” Enid said, “I get it. You’re both chipping in to get me a car because I saved your sad, sorry butts. Without me, you both would’ve been toast, so this is your way of thanking me. Well, okay, that makes sense.”
Bud stared at her in astonishment.
Jack shook his head in disbelief and said, “Wow.” “That’s wow—with a car!” Enid said, happily.
Two day later, when Enid limped out of the hospital on crutches and wearing a below-the-knee walking boot, she was also the proud owner of a new nose—compliments of Pablo. Enid hadn’t seen her new nose yet and it was still hidden under the bandages, but she had the fresh raccoon-eyed bruises—on top of her older bruises—that gave her high hopes that Pablo had worked his magic and given her a Kristen Stewart nose.
Jack told Enid that he had given her school photo to Dr. Pritchard with the instructions for him to give her back her own nose, but Enid didn’t believe him. She was convinced that, under her bandages, there was a movie star nose.
At the hospital entrance, Enid crutched her way toward Jack, trying to hide her surprise that he wasn’t even trying to help her.
Jack was busy trying to ignore the looks of sympathy—and horror—that Enid was getting from total strangers who were walking in and out of the hospital. As Enid awkwardly made her way nearer, Jack became aware that the looks from strangers were now zooming in on him—with hostility.
Jack sighed in resignation, knowing it would be another six weeks before anyone within a thirty-foot radius of him and Enid would not think he was a child abuser.
“So glad I’m out of there!” Enid said, breathless from the effort of using the crutches.
“Where’s Bud?” Enid said, secretly proud that Detective Orlean had told her to call him Bud, which felt strange but made her feel more like an adult.
“At the office,” Jack said. “He’s already got Rachel working on his first case. And tonight—I think he’s going on a first date with a woman named Sally.” Enid’s eyebrows went up in surprise. “Cool!”
“Yeah,” Jack said, “and the woman’s daughter has an albino snake named Princess.” Enid made a face and said, “Not cool!”
“He wanted to be here,” Jack said, “but I told him that I needed some father-daughter time with you.”
“Where’s the car?” Enid said, not willing to admit that the short distance of walking with crutches was making her feel shaky and was causing her broken heel to throb. A nurse had brought her down to the front entrance in a wheelchair and Enid now wished that she had not insisted that she was fine and could go the rest of the way on her own.
“You want the good news or the bad news first?” Jack said.
Enid stared at him, aghast. “I knew it! You’re going to try to welch out of getting me a new car! I should’ve known—”
A gorgeous black limo pulled up in front of them, blocking their path to the parking lot.
Enid maneuvered herself backwards, even as she continued berating Jack about breaking his promise of getting her a new car.
A chauffeur with huge muscles got out of the driver’s side of the limo and hurried around, opening the back door with a flourish. He stood there, grinning at Enid as a gold tooth glinted in the sunshine.
Enid stopped talking and looked behind her, irritated that she was probably blocking the path of some fancy-pants who would be soon shoving her aside to get past her and into Queen Elizabeth’s borrowed tank.
To Enid’s surprise, there was no one behind her. She looked at Jack, who was acting weird—just standing there like Gold Tooth hadn’t just blocked their path.
“Good news or bad news?” Jack said.
“I knew it,” Enid muttered darkly as she ineptly clomped her way backwards on her crutches so that she could get out of Gold Tooth’s way.
To her surprise and annoyance, Gold Tooth followed her.
“Ex-cuse me!” Enid said to Gold Tooth angrily. “Where exactly am I supposed to go?
You’re the one with all the muscles and I’m the one that’s practically in a wheelchair—” “Madame,” said Gold Tooth, who reached out toward her like he was going to touch her.
Before she thought better of it, Enid swung up her right crutch and knocked him hard in the shoulder, which was as high as she could reach.
“Ow!” Gold Tooth said, backing away from her with real fear in his eyes. “Jesus, Enid!” Jack said, darting forward and grabbing her before she could fall.
On one foot and one crutch, Enid wobbled crazily until Jack had his arms around her, steadying her. With an exasperated sigh, Jack picked her up and carried her to the limo. “You,” Jack said, shaking his head, “are a fucking menace!”
“What about him!” Enid said, pointing to Gold Tooth. “He tried to grab me!”
Enid stopped talking and watched in astonishment as Gold Tooth gathered up her dropped crutches and stowed them in the front seat. To her growing astonishment, Jack deposited her none to gracefully in the back seat of the limo.
“What—?” Enid said, staring up from where she was sitting.
Jack closed the door and Enid was left blinking into her own reflection in the tinted window. She sat for a moment, too stunned to speak.
Gold Tooth climbed into the front seat. She would have yelled for help, but Jack, a moment later, got into the other side of the back seat.
“What’s going on?” Enid demanded.
“Good news or bad news?” Jack said. Enid hesitated and then said, “Good.”
“Enid,” Jack said, gesturing to Gold Tooth, “I’d like you to meet Virgil.”
“Nice to meet you, Enid,” Virgil said, rubbing his shoulder where Enid had whacked him with the crutch. “You can call me V.”
Enid looked back at Jack, her eyes demanding an explanation.
“Here goes, kiddo,” Jack drew a deep breath and said, “This is our limo. This is Virgil.
Virgil is the chauffeur.”
Enid glared at Jack, wondering what game he was playing.
“You’re still getting a car,” Jack said.
Enid’s scowl fled her face, replaced by hope.
Jack continued, “A safe car that we’ll pick out together. We’re also moving to a new house—”
“A house!” Enid exclaimed.
“I’m already there,” Jack said, “and the movers have your stuff in your new bedroom, which you can redecorate any way you want—except pink. No pink.”
“Did you win the lotto?” Enid said. “No,” Jack said.
Enid stared at him. “If this is a joke—it’s not going to work. You promised you’d get me a new car.”
“The bad news,” Jack said, speaking slowly and deliberately, “is that—I got married.” Enid eyes went wide with shock.
Before she could say anything, Jack said, “I am married to Eve Hargrove.”
Enid’s jaw dropped and she opened her mouth to speak, but she found that she was speechless.
“Eve’s in jail,” Jack said, “and, as her husband, her money is now my money. And, um, she’s about to give birth to a baby—a little girl. Elizabeth, I think. Maybe Katherine, I don’t know. The baby is, uh—I mean, I’m the, uh—uh, the—father.”
Enid stared at him, stunned.
Jack shifted uncomfortably as he said, “After I take you to the new house—Danny and me—uh, Danny is my attorney—we’re going to, uh, pick up the baby—who is going to be living with us—because I, um—I’m the father and, uh—I’m going to be raising it—the baby— Elizabeth, I mean.”
Mouth agape, Enid stared unblinkingly at Jack. There was a long silence.
Jack remained silent, not knowing what to expect, except that she’d be furious with him for being so stupid and turning their lives upside-down.
Enid’s eyes travelled from Jack, to Virgil and back to Jack. She thoughtfully examined the shiny interior limo.
Jack watched Enid, waiting for the torrent of abuse that would be spilling out of her mouth at any moment. He hadn’t expected to feel nervous and it irritated him.
A smile broke over Enid’s face.
Jack looked at her, surprised. “What?” he said, bracing himself for her onslaught of insults about marrying a sociopath and foisting a baby on them just because he couldn’t keep it in his pants.
“I want a Mustang!” Enid said, her face shining with excitement.
It was Jack’s turn to look astonished.
“I want a cherry red Mustang!” Enid said. “With black interior and a souped-up—” Jack exploded, “I just told you all that—and all you can think about is a car?” Beaming, Enid said to Virgil, “Take us to the nearest Mustang dealer!”
“Jesus, Enid!” Jack said, “I just told you that you are going to get a little sister—a whole new human being is being born into the world—” “How rich are we?” Enid said to Jack. “It doesn’t matter,” Jack said.
Enid turned to Virgil and said, “How rich are we, V?”
“Filthy rich!” Virgil said with a beaming smile.
Enid sat back against the soft leather seats and examined the interior with a sigh of pleasure. “I’m rich!”
Exasperated, Jack said, “You are not rich! I’m rich.”
Enid grinned up at Virgil and said, “I’m rich, aren’t I, V?” With gold flashing, Virgil grinned an affirmation.
“Oh my God,” Jack said, looking from Enid to Virgil helplessly.
A thought hit Enid and she turned to Jack, “Hey! Don’t think just ‘cause I’m a girl that I’m going to be an automatic babysitter! We’re rich enough to get a nanny—”
“Didn’t you hear a word I said?” Jack yelled, throwing up his hands. “Come on, Enid! Just say it—I’m a terrible father! If you’re not going to say it then I’m going to have to say it! How in the hell—why in the hell would I be so irresponsible and stupid as to bring another human being into the world? What’s wrong with me that I can’t keep from having babies with sociopaths and one-night stands with drunk—”
“Hey!” Enid said, glaring up at him. “That’s my mom you’re talking about!”
“That’s what I’m talking about!” Jack exclaimed. “Right here—you—perfect fucking example of what a rotten father I am—”
“What are you talking about?” Enid said, confused.
“You!” Jack said, “since I’ve been your so-called father—you have—” Jack glanced up at V and said under his breath to Enid, “killed—two men—”
Enid yelled, “Why don’t you just announce it to the whole friggin’ world! Jeez! We had a deal!”
“I don’t have to announce anything!” Jack yelled. “The whole fucking world knows cause you’re all over the news and I’m the guy who is the worst fucking father ever—”
“It’s on the news?” Enid said, stunned. “Everything,” Jack said. “It’s all out there.”
Virgil turned around in the front seat and said, “You mean about how you clocked that dude with a hammer? You are all everyone is talking about! You even knocked your old man off the front page—”
“Virgil!” Jack said.
“Sorry, boss,” Virgil said and turned around. “I’m on the front page?” Enid said, upset.
“You’re a hero!” Virgil said without turning around. “You killed one of the bad guys.” “I didn’t mean for it to get out there, Enid,” Jack said.
“Did you—?” Enid said, looking uneasy.
“No,” Jack said, “but it’s all out there. Everything.” Enid remained silent, thinking.
“Why don’t you just say it?” Jack said. “What?” Enid said.
“I’m a horrible father.”
“What are you talking about?” Enid said, “You’re fine—” “Fine!” Jack choked out in disgust.
“Well,” Enid said, “for the past three days—you’ve been great.”
“Three days! How can you even think that? I’m the world’s worst father—and I shouldn’t be having this baby!”
“Well, you don’t have a choice, do you?” Enid said. Jack stared down at her.
Enid wrinkled her brow thoughtfully. “Maybe Elizabeth—or Katherine—is going to be—lucky.”
“Lucky?” Jack said, not believing his ears.
“Yeah, maybe Elizabeth is lucky to have you as a dad. I mean, look at Elizabeth’s mom.
Jeez, compared to having her as a mother—the kid won the daddy-lotto with you.”
Jack stared at Enid in disbelief. There was no way that Enid could possibly think that he was a good father.
“You’re—” Enid struggled over the words, but stopped. After a moment, she looked up at him, eyes wide. “You’re my dad and—I’m doing all right.”
Jack stared at her, speechless. Enid was bruised, bandaged and beaten to hell. Did she actually think she was doing all right?
Enid shrugged and said, “I’m your kid and I’m normal, so you did—or you’re doing—a good job with me, right?”
Jack stared, wondering on what planet Enid Iglowski would pass as normal. Slowly, it dawned on Jack that Enid was watching him closely, waiting for an answer.
When he didn’t answer, Enid said, “I’ve been with you for over six months and, if you weren’t a good dad, there’d be something seriously wrong with me, right? And there’s not anything wrong with me, right?”
Jack stared into Enid’s eyes and realized that she was serious. He was so taken aback that he almost laughed. He couldn’t believe it. Enid Iglowski considered herself a normal kid.
Enid frowned. “Unless, of course, you think I’m not normal?”
Jack gave a bright smile, which he hoped she wouldn’t recognize as fake. “No, you’re the most normal person I know.”
“See?” Enid said, smiling.
Jack nodded his head and said, “You’re a good kid, Enid. I got lucky—getting you as a daughter.”
Embarrassed, Enid waved her hand and looked away. After a moment, she said, “I don’t mind helping out with the baby.”
“Oh, we’re getting a nanny,” Jack said. “We’re getting a fleet of nannies!”
“But, uh,” Enid said, hesitatingly, “I guess with me, you and Elizabeth—or Katherine— we’re a family, huh?”
Jack looked at her, startled.
She was looking up at him and her eyes were shining with hope.
Without knowing how it happened, Jack pulled Enid close and hugged her. He saw her wince in pain, but when he tried to release her she wouldn’t let him go. She was hugging him back. Jack suddenly wanted very badly to prove her right. If Enid could dare to think that she was a normal kid, then maybe he could try his damnedest to be a good father.
“I love you,” Jack whispered, kissing the top of her head. The words surprised him. He hadn’t planned to say it, but the words had popped out of their own volition.
“I love you, too,” Enid said into the crook of his arm. “Jack?” she said, timidly. “Yeah?”
“Instead of Jack—can I call you dad?”
Jack leaned away from her, frowning. “You don’t like calling me Jack?” Enid shook her head. “I want to call you dad.”
“You bet,” Jack said, pulling her in for another hug, which surprised him by feeling good—like getting hugs from his mother when he was a boy—only different. “Dad?” Enid said.
“Yeah?” Jack said.
“Cherry red Mustang, right?”
Jack laughed and held her away from him so he could look at her face. Her large hazel eyes were wet with tears, but she was smiling.
“You look like my mom,” Jack said almost wonderingly. “She would have loved you. She would have been so proud.”
Enid’s eyes widened.
“She was—” Jack’s voice caught and, for a moment, he thought that he wouldn’t be able to get the words out, but then he saw the longing in Enid’s eyes, which made it easy to to finish the sentence. “She was beautiful. Just like you.”
Her face flushed with pleasure, Enid whispered, “I’m not beautiful.”
Jack put his fingers under her chin, lifting her face so that he could see her eyes. “You’re too smart, too strong—and too beautiful. I am so proud of you.”
Overwhelmed, Enid threw herself at Jack and hugged him as tears of happiness rolled down her cheeks.
Jack held Enid close, happy that she was alive—happy that they had been given another chance.

About The Author
C. Mack Lewis, aka Cathleen A. McCarthy, is a podiatrist in private practice in Scottsdale, Arizona. She and her husband, Dennis Lewis, met in a screenwriting class in 2003 and they currently reside in Sunnyslope, Arizona with their pit-bull, Daisy.
Can I Ask You A Favor?
If you enjoyed this book, I’d really appreciate it if you would post a short review on Amazon. I do read all the reviews personally and I greatly appreciate your feedback.
Here is the link to review the book:
https://www.amazon.com/Gunning-Angels-Fallen-Book-ebook/dp/B00I84NSE0
Thank you for your support!

Other Books By C. Mack Lewis
Gunning For Angels 
https://www.amazon.com/Gunning-Angels-Fallen-Book-ebook/dp/B00I84NSE0
