Black Messiah 
 
by 
  Maysam Yabandeh  
 
 
ACT I
Crucifixion
The Church
The Mosque
Jesus, The Black
Crystal
The Miracle
ACT II
Omar
The Apostles
Maria
O Brother, Where Art Thou?
When Mari Met Sally
In the Wrong Place At the Wrong Time
Echoed Whispers
Waves of Compassion
Mr. Morgan
Messiah Show
It Is On
This Is War
In Morgan We Trust
Religions United
And God Created Common Sense
Karma
The Church, Take 2
Carousel
Name the Price
Unforgiven
ACT III
Ascension
The Last Goodbye
There Will Be Blood
Thou Shalt Not Kill
The End
Redemption
Resurrection
(c) 2020 Maysam Yabandeh
ACT I
Crucifixion
Crucified on the cross, Jesus’s black skin makes a sharp contrast with the blue sky above him. His head is tilted down, but not because he has fainted. Fury bursting through his eyes, Jesus is intently looking at something below the cross. 
The left hand trembles. Drops of red blood fall from the nail that is put through his left hand. The nail shakes when Jesus’s fingers bend and form a black fist. 
Below the cross stands a young, beautiful, dark-skinned woman with wisps of red hair poking out from under her white headscarf. A charming smile on her face, she looks like an innocent angel sent directly from heaven. No wonder in the last moments of his life Jesus’s eye is on her. But why with the fury? Why would Jesus be mad at an innocent woman?
The beautiful woman is offering a flirtatious smile to a Roman soldier. The soldier is a handsome man with an athletic body and long blond hair. His eyes, however, are repulsive, with lust overflowing from them. The woman does not seem to mind though. Using her white ribbon, she is kindly attending to the wound on the soldier’s hand. ‘Wound’ is too much of a word; it is more like a small scratch on the tip of his middle finger.
Resting his left hand on the cross, the soldier has stretched out his other hand toward the woman. The cross is mostly red from Black Jesus’s blood. Some drops of blood are also dripping on the white headscarf of the woman, but she does not notice them. Or perhaps she does but conveniently ignores it. All her attention is on treating the scratch on the extended middle finger of the Roman soldier. Could Jesus ever forgive him for the crucifixion? Could Jesus ever forgive her?
The fury in Jesus’s eyes becomes wilder and wilder. THUNDER strikes suddenly! And half the Roman soldier’s face turns black. The young woman is still smiling at him. THUNDER strikes again mixed with a furious scream! And the soldier’s face is all immersed in black color.
The brush hits the Roman soldier in the painting harder and harder until it tears the canvas. Jesus’s scream gradually turns into a pitiable sobbing. The brush drops from his hand, and he himself falls to his knees. His head hits the palette that has fallen on the ground. He rolls and lies on his back as he is still crying. Jesus’s black face is now covered with a variety of colors; blue on his forehead, green on his nose, and orange and red on each of his shaved cheeks.
“God, how can I ever forgive you?” Black Jesus says with excruciating pain. He looks at the canvas torn around the Roman soldier. He then looks at himself crucified in the painting. And then turns his look down to the young woman below the cross. She still has the flirtatious smile on her face. The smile, however, no longer looks innocent.
“God, how can I ever forgive you?” Jesus repeats in agony.
The Church
“Would God ever forgive me?” a woman says with a regretful tone. Sitting in the confession booth, her face is covered with guilt. On the other side is Father Kelly, a half-Irish, half-German pastor who has devoted most of the 54 years of his life to the church. His part-baldness is compensated by a very nice, black clergy jacket, on which a cross necklace made of silver and gold shines. He was checking the time on his Rolex when he heard the confessor’s question.
“Would God ever forgive me?”
Father Kelly takes a deep breath.
“Well—”
“You don’t need God’s forgiveness.” A mysterious voice that fills up the whole church interrupts Father Kelly. Having her attention grabbed, the confessor turns her face from the latticed opening toward the voice. “You are the one who should forgive God. Come. Come, my victim friends. Come outside and let’s forgive God for…” The voice continues with a pitiful sob. “… for what He has done to us.”
Father Kelly notices the woman leaving the booth as if she is hypnotized. He moves the curtain. Everybody is leaving the church. “Damn. Jesus, you son of a bitch,” he says furiously before he pulls the curtain violently and jumps out of the booth. Leaving the curtain partly torn down, he follows the people outside the church, where the voice comes from.

The churchgoers are gathered in front of the church, at the churchyard. Although this is not a Black Church, there are a few black people among them. Pushing through them, Father Kelly joins Otto, his assistant, at the front. People watch Black Jesus who is standing with open arms on top of a blue open top trash can across the sidewalk, his feet on the rim. Jesus, now bearded, has symptoms of multiple fresh burns on his face and on his hands. Half of his beard and part of his hair also seem burnt. His face covered with tears, he screams in such agony as if the words come from deep inside him. It is hard to tell whether he is a mental patient or a very talented character actor.
“That crosses every line of decency,” Father Kelly growls. Enraged and irritated, Father Kelly notices Jesus’s shaking feet. Jesus is quite unstable, and it looks like he might fall into the garbage bin any second now. Stroking his chin, Father Kelly is contemplating how to save his church from this madman on the trash can. The more Jesus talks, the madder Father Kelly gets. He is like a barrel of gunpowder that only needs a small spark to fire off and unleash himself on Jesus.
“Pray no more, my children,” Black Jesus says. “Time to answer God’s prayers. Time to forgive. Let’s forgive Him for the pain and agony that we are born into.”
That is it, Father Kelly thinks, marching toward Jesus with clenched fists when he suddenly finds a tall man blocking his way. Father Kelly looks up and recognizes him. That is Paul, a former regular of the church, Jesus’s longtime friend and apparently his present supporter. Standing tall with crossed arms, the tall young man is nonchalantly chewing gum while staring down at Father Kelly. His eyes locked on Paul, Father Kelly backs into Otto.
“Sorry, Father,” Otto says.
His face in shock, Father Kelly turns and looks at Otto. Not being able to find the words, it takes a few moments for Father Kelly to slowly regain his temper.
“We need to do something about this son of a bitch,” Father Kelly tells him.
“But he’s harmless!” Otto says while pointing to Jesus.
When Father Kelly turns to Jesus, his gaze falls on Paul’s hand instead. Extending his hand, Paul is flipping off Father Kelly. Reassured by that, Father Kelly turns back to Otto.
“Yeah, at first, when they’re a few. Harmless and even kind of cute. But the harm starts when the cult grows big. And this asshole is set to grow enormous.”
“You want me to call the sheriff again? Or Imam Zahed?”
“No, that wouldn’t do. We need to do something worse. Something much, much worse.”
Otto is all ears.
“Call his mom,” Father Kelly says and pushes the crowd around to go back inside the church.
Otto is left there with a puzzled look. “His mother?!” he mutters.
The Mosque
In the grand, well-funded mosque of the city, Imam Zahed performs Friday’s sermon. His beard is shaved except a bit on his chin and a few hairs on the thick, brown mole that shines out on his big, white cheek. He rearranges his glasses quite often. One can tell he is in his forties by the gray hairs that grows here and there around the temples.
The grand mosque, which on Fridays was always packed solid with Muslim prayers of all races and all colors, is now barely half full, of which only a small portion is young. Imam Zahed is not happy about the recent developments. If the trend continues, he will end up performing the Friday sermons only for himself and perhaps few elderly people. Being their spiritual leader, he is concerned that his followers are being perverted from the path of righteousness.
Imam Zahed surveys the crowd. Many hundreds of eyes are laser-focused on him, none blinking. He not only has a charismatic character but also is a great public speaker who grabs everyone’s attention the moment he starts talking. And now is the perfect time to use his talents for good.
“Prophet Muhammad—peace be upon him—has warned us already. That, Shirk, when it approaches you, makes less noise than a black ant walking on a black stone in the black of the night.” While rearranging his glasses, he scans the crowd and gives them a few seconds for the last sentence to sink in. “A black ant walking on a black stone. That is how silent Shirk is. What should the believer do? Be vigilant, always, at all moments. Satan is everywhere, and we have to reject him when it attempts to break our faith. That is what Satan is after. Your faith. Yet, I hear some young believers, unfortunately, take this matter of utmost importance lightly. They have let Satan rob them of their faith. They follow the vibe, or vibrant, or… I don’t know whatever teens say these days…”
The audience laughs, except for Omar, who is listening to the sermon intently. He takes Friday sermons very seriously; probably more seriously than Imam Zahed himself. Omar has in his eyes the innocence and stubbornness typical of a teen of his age. He has shaved his mustache but has let the beard grow very long. He would have looked more handsome without it. The recently shaved head does not help him look nicer either.
“They follow trendy nonsense; blasphemies of this Jesus guy, a black con artist. Subhanallah! Subhanallah! A black ant on a black stone. The prophet has warned us already, but would you listen to the prophet of God or you would listen to a black con artist who is sadly becoming more popular every day?”
Imam Zahed takes a deep breath and continues with a raised voice.
“Vallah, Vallah, no one enters heaven unless they believe in prophet Muhammad—peace be upon him—and follow him fully and completely. That is what being a true believer means. That is faith,” he states authoritatively while pointing his hands up, toward the sky—well, toward the ceiling, to be accurate. “They say ‘but I am doing good deeds’,” he says mockingly. “This is not what we will be asked in the other world,” he shouts. The audience’s heartbeat reaches the top; many have goosebumps. “On judgment day, when you are facing the hellfire, Allah will ask you ‘Did you believe in my prophet? Did you follow his tradition?’ No, then Hell is prepared for the deniers no matter how much good deed they have brought with them.” Imam Zahed scans the crowd and waits for his last sentence to sink in. “Brothers, Vallah, Vallah, whoever follows this black agent of Satan is an apostate, and on the judgment day he will have no place but in Hell.”

People have dispersed after the sermon. Some are still scattered around the mosque, chatting in small groups. Omar is sitting with two other men, one of them an Arab of his age, Ali, and the other is Frank, a middle-aged blond Caucasian with a long, pretentious beard. Frank is the one who is doing most of the talking.
“Sermon after sermon after sermon,” Frank says, “and nobody does a damn thing. If this isn’t Jihad then what is. This is Jihad, but it takes guts, and not everybody has them.”
Frank notices Imam Zahed leaving the mosque. Imam Zahed graciously and humbly returns the salutes when people stand up before him to show respect. Frank jumps up when he passes by.
“As-salamu Alaykum,” Frank salutes Imam Zahed in an overly enunciated way. 
Recognizing Frank, his face turns disgusted right away. He turns his face away and responds to the salute of another Muslim on the other side. Quite humiliated, Frank rolls his eyes around to see how many people have witnessed his embarrassing moment; quite a few. But thick-skinned Frank just needs a few moments to regain his confidence. After taking a couple of deep breaths, he then turns to sit back with Omar and Ali, only to find that Ali is no longer there. Disappointed by that, Frank sits back with Omar, who is still waiting for him to continue.
“It’s time to act,” Frank continues, “and it takes real men, ah… I mean a real man, to do it.” He extends his hand, showing his palm. “This black Kafir shall be stopped.”
Omar looks at the invitation for the handshake. He has a tough decision to make.
Jesus, The Black
A painter by evening and a zip line operator by day, Jesus is an ordinary skinny 33-year-old black man of average height. Average is the word that would describe most of his traits. He is well shaved as he has been since puberty kicked in. His palette and canvas under his arm, he approaches his usual evening spot, a willow tree at the edge of the cliff in the Eden Adventure Park where he works. 
While walking, he wakes his beaten-up Samsung phone. The notification shows 3 missed calls, all from Mom. Jesus clears them and instead goes directly to Twitter, opening his own last Tweet. It is the picture of his last painting, the portrait of himself crucified on the cross. Two people have liked it so far. Jesus refreshes the page, just in case. The number of likes does not improve.
On Twitter, Jesus has 15 followers, 2 of which are spam accounts. He can tell since neither have any followers and also because of their suspicious account names: HotChick193 and SexyRose942. The two spam accounts are the only ones that ever like Jesus’s tweets, each time almost immediately after he posts them. Jesus does not block the two spam accounts because… well, because 15 followers are still better than 13, even if some of them are fake. Jesus refreshes the page again. The number of likes on his last painting is still 2.
Painting is his only joy in this world. It eases the pain like no other drugs can. Especially when the wound is deep, old, and rotten, and Jesus has had one of those for ten years now. He picked up painting shortly after Sally dumped him. Starting off by painting his father, the first paintings depicted a strong tall black man with serious, yet kind, eyes. Over time, the portrait of his father in his next paintings became more and more godlike until recently that it looks more like a Greek god than a human dad. There is no limit on a young man’s imagination.
His father passed away before he was born. Jesus has never understood how no picture could be left of his father. The explanations that his mother, Maria, gave him was never convincing enough. He has always felt that there is something fishy in the stories that Maria tells about his father. He has thought about all kinds of scenarios. One theory that has crossed his mind was that his father might actually be alive and that Maria hides the pictures so that Jesus would not recognize him.
The phone vibrates. The notification bar says, “TheTrueGod666 replied to your tweet.” His eyes sparkling with excitement, Jesus taps the notification. The Twitter app opens, showing the replied text: ‘LET IT GO!!!’.
“Let it go!” Jesus mutters, puzzled. He opens the sender’s profile on Twitter. It might be a spam account since it has no followers. Nevertheless the message of the reply kind of makes sense. Spam accounts usually reply with unrelated messages.
Jesus stares at the ‘LET IT GO!!!’ text when a like appears below it. And another. And another. In a short time, all the Jesus followers like the reply—except for the two spam accounts of course. One even replies to that with a GIF of Princess Elsa from the Frozen movie singing the Let It Go song. That gets Jesus to thinking. “Let it go,” he mutters. He joins his followers and likes the reply to his tweet.
Under his other arm, he holds the portrait of himself crucified on the cross. The canvas is still torn around the face of the Roman soldier. The beautiful woman in the painting, however, is still intact, although the furious eyes of crucified Jesus are not taken off her yet. This evening, he wants to try the painting again without, however, the same violent ending. He is thinking about what should be changed in the picture: the Roman soldier, the red-haired, beautiful woman, or his own unforgiving look. I gotta let it go. I should be able to forgive; that is what Jesus would do, Black Jesus thinks. But whom should he forgive? The soldier, the woman, himself, or God. After all, it was God who has painted the story of his life. He has not figured that out yet; he badly needs a moment of clarity, an enlightenment, or a miracle perhaps.
The evening is half cloudy. His eye on the sky, Jesus tries to find the sun that is hiding behind the clouds. His left foot hits something. Sadness covers his face when he looks down. A dark-gray pigeon with green-purple iridescence is lying on the ground. 
He puts the canvas and the palette down and holds the seemingly dead pigeon in his hands. It is not moving. What would Jesus do? Jesus wonders. 
Drowned in his daydreaming, he closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, and desperately blows upon the lifeless pigeon. Suddenly, a light shines on the pigeon. He looks up and notices that the sun is ruling the sky again. Inspired by that, he throws the pigeon over the cliff and watches it with wishful eyes, expecting to see the resurrected pigeon fly again.
The dreamy moment does not last long and terminates abruptly when the pigeon plummets to the bottom of the cliff like a dead stone; so does Jesus’s self-esteem. It hurts. His face wrinkled with pain, he closes his eyes and turns his head down.
FLAP! FLAP! FLAP!
Confused by the sound, Jesus opens his eyes. As he turns his head up, he sees the pigeon appearing from the edge of the cliff and flying up to the sky. Hurrah! His face splits into a wide smile. He feels the joy of the world when he sees the pigeon flying again. Or was it the same pigeon? It must be. He does not want to ruin the moment by overthinking it. He congratulates his miraculous hand with a gentle kiss; or was it the blow that was miraculous? Does not matter, he thinks.
Jesus looks around. There is no one to share this joyous moment with, nor anyone to witness the miraculous act. Who cares? he thinks. I witnessed that, and I know it is true. That is all that counts.
Inspired, he is ready to start over. He looks around to find a place to throw away the old painting. There is no trash bin around. Behind the willow tree, there is a bush, but people might find it by accident. His gaze falls on the cliff. An idea! No one would look down there. Taking a deep, relaxed breath, he throws the painting over the cliff. It feels good. All energized, he sits on the grass, leaning back on the tree. He takes a blank stretched canvas and paints himself on the cross. A reborn Jesus, a new painting.

“NOOOOOOO,” a seven-ish-year-old black girl with short curly hair screams. Holding her by the arm, a Caucasian man forcefully takes her toward the adventure park’s exit gate. It is lunchtime, when there is little visitor traffic around the gate. No other visitor seems to be around to respond to the girl’s scream.
“Hey, what is going on there?” A voice yells from behind. The girl turns to the voice, but the man who is pushing her ignores it. A black hand taps him on the shoulder. “Hey,” the voice yells again.
The man stops, angrily turns back, and sees Jesus, wearing the park’s official vest. Jesus still has in his hand a half-eaten burger that he was eating during his lunch break.
Jesus sizes up the athletic tall man who has muscles popping out of every corner of his body. He subconsciously takes a step back when the man gives him a dirty look. He is no match for a muscular guy of that size. Gulping in fear, he cannot say a word or make a move.
The man sneers at Jesus’s scared face while giving him a condescending look. Without wasting any more time, he turns toward the exit gate and pushes the girl with him. Jesus watches her being taken away, but there is not much that he can do about it. Or is there? He remembers the miraculous moment he experienced a few days back.
The little girl starts crying. It is time to use my powers for good, Jesus thinks. He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, and wishfully blows in the direction of the girl, his palms out toward her. After a moment of silence, Jesus hears her continuing cry. He opens his eyes, disappointed. Perhaps my blow has a range, he thinks. The thought, however, does not help with her begging cry. Jesus cannot bear an innocent kid’s tears. He has to do something, anything, no matter the consequences. He takes a leap in the dark, gathers all his courage, and yells: “Leave the kid alone.”
The beefy man stops. By his shoulders moving up and down, Jesus can tell that the man is breathing fiercely. The man lets go of the little girl’s arm, returns to Jesus, and stomps toward him. Jesus’s heart is pounding fast, but he tries to ignore the huge man who is approaching. “Do… do… do you know this man?” Jesus asks the girl with a trembling voice. She does not say anything and just wipes her tears with her sleeves. The huge man’s shadow falls across Jesus when he arrives.
“None of your damn business.”
“I… I… I’m making it my damn business,” Jesus responds with a trembling voice after he swallows hard against the lump in his throat.
The guy puts his big hand on Jesus’s face and violently pushes him back. Jesus falls back on the ground. Surprisingly, the man also follows and collapses next to him. Jesus looks up with shocked eyes and finds Omar, his 20-year-old Indian colleague, rubbing his knuckles after having punched the man in the back of his head. One punch is all it took for Omar to knock him out. Omar, as always, does not look handsome in his long beard and shaved mustache. At least, he still has not yet shaved his greasy hair, which makes him look more likable. 
“Dude,” Jesus objects to Omar, “I wasn’t finished talking.”
“Talking, talking, talking,” Omar responds with a sneer. “It doesn’t get things done. Punching does. You should learn how to throw one. I’ll teach you.” 
“You could get fired.”
“Not if no one saw,” Omar says while checking the surroundings. “Except this little one.” He turns to the girl and kneels next to her. “Where’s your dad, Missy?”
She slowly raises her hand, pointing to the Caucasian guy who is knocked out on the ground. She is not crying anymore. Omar turns to Jesus and shares an awkward moment with him.
“Well,” Omar says while standing up, “my job is done here. Are you finally joining us this Friday or what?”
“Dude, seriously? You’re leaving?”
“I leave it to you to clean the mess with… your talking. Friday. Yes or No?”
“I’m not sure yet.”
“You gotta start sometime,” Omar says while stepping away. “Imam Zahed is the man of God. Trust me. It’ll be good for you.”
Watching Omar leave, Jesus thinks about how to turn down his invitation without hurting his feelings.
Jesus’s phone rings. It has three missed calls from his mother. Silencing the notification, he turns the screen off. He turns his gaze on the man that is passed out next to him.
“Is this really a father?” Jesus asks the little girl.
She nods with a sad face.
“Don’t worry. We’ll call your mom, and soon you’ll be safe at home.”
That does not seem to put her at ease. The words ‘safety’ and ‘home’ are not correlated in the mind of Crystal, the little black girl from the inner city.
Crystal
From the corner of her eyes, Crystal watches her mother talking on the phone.
Roma, a black woman from the inner city, has a butt that Sir Mix-a-Lot would describe as very healthy; the same goes for her round belly. The ashes of the cheap cigarette that she carelessly holds in her hand falls on the ground. She does not seem to be enjoying smoking, but that is the only drug she can use while on the phone. Too agitated to stand in the same place, she keeps marching left and right but cannot go far from the kitchen counter because of the phone’s short chord. Even if the chord were longer, there is not much space to walk around in her tiny one-bedroom apartment.
“Crystal. That’s enough. Bring the sugar can back to the kitchen.” Roma sounds agitated and aggressive. Crystal has let her curly hair grow, now reaching her shoulder. With her four-year-old brother, Malcolm, she is making a castle out of everything they found around the apartment. It might look nothing like a castle to Roma, but to be fair, adults don’t have the imagination of two innocent kids either. When Crystal finds her mother back to the phone conversation, she also resumes building her dreamy castle with the sugar can.

“You don’t know how much I missed you, Babe,” the male voice over the phone says. He sounds miserable and frustrated. “Can you forgive or something? We can start over.”
Roma takes a long drag of the cigarette before she responds. “Well, you should… you should…, hey, I’m talking here. You should’ve thought about it before you raise your fucking hand on me.” Roma’s yelling scares Crystal and Malcolm. They stop playing and turn to Roma. She notices that.
“Crystal. Bring back the fucking sugar,” Roma yells angrily.

Feeling threatened, Crystal reluctantly gets up to bring the sugar can back to the kitchen. It is a large cylinder tin can and hard to carry. She lifts the can by the handle on its lid.
“Don’t touch my castle,” Crystal says to Malcolm and starts moving the large can little by little.

“Baby, try to understand. Sometimes I feel a little mad. You broke my phone, you bitch. What did—” the voice over the phone says before it gets interrupted.
“You know what. I am glad I broke your phone, you animal. Going around talking to bitches you think I wouldn’t know, you son of a bitch.”
“What bitches, you crazy fuck.”
“Fuck me? Fuck you. When they let you out, if I see you anywhere near my children—”
“They’re my children too, you crazy—”
“I’ll call the police. Get it in your head, Tyler. This ain’t your family no more. And I’ll do everything to protect my children from your crazy ass.”
Crystal trips. The can falls, and the sugar spreads all over the dirty floor. Noticing that, Roma drops the phone, and furiously runs toward Crystal.
“I’ll kill ya,” the angry voice over the phone yells. “I swear. I’ll fucking kill ya, you crazy bitch.”

Little Crystal sees giant Roma running toward her. Recognizing the mad look on her face, Crystal runs toward the door to escape. She has no plan yet, but perhaps if she could find Security George, he can save her again. Crystal is near the door when Roma’s hand reaches and grabs her by the hair. Her hair is pulled. It hurts. It hurts really bad. Crystal bursts out crying. Malcolm is watching with unbelieving eyes.
“How many times I tell you be careful, you moron,” Roma mercilessly slaps Crystal over and over.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” These are Crystal’s desperate words, hoping that they save her from more abuse.
“Stop crying. Not a sound. Don’t cry or I slap you more.”
Crystal shuts her mouth and cries silently.
Roma takes a cold look at Crystal’s face, which is soaked with tears. “Go bring the vacuum. I want this floor to be cleaned like it’s new.”
The voice over the phone is still talking. Roma leaves Crystal alone and resumes her phone call. Crystal, as she is wiping her tears with her sleeves, leaves to bring the vacuum from the closet. She notices Malcolm staring at her in shock. She approaches her little brother and without missing a beat mercilessly grabs his hair and yanks it left and right.
“How many times I tell you don’t touch my castle, you moron.”
Malcolm bursts out crying. Roma drops the phone and runs toward Crystal. This time, Crystal is ready and manages to reach the door before Roma catches her. Roma’s shoe hits her in the back as she is running out of the apartment. It hurts, but she does not stop. She knows this pain is not comparable to the pain she has to endure if her mother catches her. She runs toward the safety that she might find outside that hellish apartment.

Late at night, runaway Crystal wanders in empty streets. Frightened by the darkness, she thinks perhaps she should go back home and take the beating when suddenly she hears loud music. She turns and finds that the music is coming from the open door of a strip club. It is called ‘Black Angels’. A few light poles are guarding the strip club, one of them flickering. A large poster next to the door shows a couple of strippers who are posing half-naked. They seem happy, Crystal thinks. She wonders whether she can find peace there. Perhaps one day she will be as happy as the girls on the poster. After one step toward the strip club, she notices a young white man—Chandler—leaving through the open door. She gets scared and hides behind the garbage cans.
Wearing an expensive suit with a loose tie, the young man seems entirely wasted. The strip club’s door shuts behind him, and with that, the music stops too. Silence reigns again on the empty streets. His drunken steps toward the main street are the only sound that breaks the silence of the night.
A half-burnt cigarette is thrown on the street. The man who was smoking it—Julio—steps into the light. He is a Latino man with scars all over his face. If it were not for his cheap clothes, Julio would resemble the leader of a drug cartel—the way it is portrayed in Hollywood. He is wearing boots with thick soles, worn-out jeans, a checkered shirt, and a vest. One of the sleeves seems to be loose. Yes, he is one-handed.

Hearing Julio’s steps, Chandler stops, but the sound of the stalker’s boot stepping on the empty street does not. Chandler turns back.
“Remember me, Wall Street?” says Julio, the scarface. His thick voice is scarier than his face.
Chandler panics and hastily searches for his pocketknife. His heart sinks into his stomach when he does not find it. Julio seems to enjoy watching that.
“Julio doesn’t forgive. It’s payback time, big mouth.” There is no mercy in his tone.
Chandler finally finds the pocketknife and takes it out. With a press of a button, its sharp blade comes out. “Hey, fuck off,” he says to Julio while pointing the knife at him.
Julio’s confidence terrifies Chandler when he keeps approaching. He frantically stabs the air with the knife to scare him off. Julio sneers and keeps approaching. He reaches Chandler. While screaming, Chandler stabs at him with the knife.
Chandler gulps in fear when sees that Julio has intercepted the blade with his one bare hand. Looking directly into Chandler’s eyes, Julio tries to turn the knife back on him. Both men are pushing hard. Chandler’s stamina is running out. Some blood drips from Julio’s hand that is wrapped around the blade. He finally bends Chandler’s wrist, having the knife pointed back at him. Chandler lets go of the knife when his wrist is about to break.
Julio throws the knife away and without missing a beat chokes Chandler with his bloody hand. Running out of breath, Chandler is using both his hands but fails to remove Julio’s firm grip on his throat. Julio takes pleasure in looking into his helpless eyes.

Julio watches Chandler’s face turning red. His eyes are rolling back, and his hands are giving up. Right before Chandler passes out, Julio throws him on the ground. Chandler inhales deeply which is followed by multiple painful coughs. Julio watches his misery, and that gives him satisfaction. Chandler, on all fours, throws up blood.
“Next time, think twice before disrespecting a stripper.” Julio interrupts Chandler’s painful coughs. “And get your Wall Street ass off my block,” he says while walking away.
“Fuck you,” Chandler says while still on all fours.
Julio stops and turns. Looking enraged, he approaches Chandler again and without saying another word, he kicks Chandler in the stomach with his heavy-sole boots. Moaning in pain, Chandler falls on the ground. Holding his stomach, he takes labored breaths. Julio does not seem satisfied. He kicks him again, and again. And again. He stops when no more sound is coming out of Chandler. After a second, he regains his breath, fixes his hat, and says: “Fuck you too.”
Julio spits on Chandler’s body, turns, and leaves. After a few steps, he hears Chandler inhaling deeply. It is as if he came back from the dead. The resurrected says with a shaky, hoarse voice: “I’ll remember your fucking face.”
“I’ve forgotten yours already,” Julio responds without turning back. “Julio forgets but never forgives.”
Julio notices that Crystal is standing next to the garbage cans, watching the whole scene. He stops. She screams.

Crystal wishes that bearded brown man—Omar—was here to protect her with his punches; or that shaved, heroic black employee of the adventure park—Jesus—taking punches for her.
The Miracle
The view from the summit of Paradise Mountain is spectacular with the mountain range in the background. Most mountains shine red in the sun because of the Iron-rich stones that are abundant in this area. 
From up here, one could barely see the people in the Eden Adventure Park. They look like some small ants that are standing still. People of all colors, races, and religions from across the world come to the park mostly to experience the most amazing ride of their life. It is the 4th longest zip line in the world that measures a whopping 2.6 miles of cable. It made the headlines in the national newspapers when it first came out in 2018.
In the launching platform at the summit, wearing their harnesses, riders wait for their turn. Lucy, a cute, young French girl, is already in line to go next. She has her feet pushed against the launch gate and is eagerly waiting for the operator to open it. She is smiling, which makes her look even more attractive. She must be good in bed too, Paul thinks. Paul is the playboy/operator who is now on his break—from being an operator. He enjoys his break by eating ice cream while staring at Lucy. He is actually licking the ice cream to be accurate.
Lucy’s eyes fall on Paul when she turns her head. Their eyes lock. Paul does not miss the chance and takes a shot at her; he extends his tongue way out and gives a long, suggestive lick on the ice cream while maintaining the lustful eye-contact with her. His move does not work on her. Acting creeped out, she turns her face away.
Shortly after, Lucy smiles again. Paul follows her look and finds Vincent, the tall, handsome boyfriend of hers with pretty, blue eyes and soft, long hair. If it were not for his oddly fat belly, people would assume that he must be an underwear model. What a piece of shit, douchebag, Paul thinks. He is disgusted by Vincent—although he does not know why yet.
Vincent is being helped by Jesus, who is reluctantly tightening the straps on the harness and doing the final safety checks. Standing with open arms, he takes a condescending look down at Jesus’s depressing face. What Vincent does not know is that Jesus has been struggling with depression for quite a long time now, ever since Lucy left him. Not understanding why, Jesus has never managed to get quite over it and has never been able to forgive her. Forgiveness is a concept alien to Jesus’s heart, so far at least.

While tightening the bottom of Vincent’s harness, Jesus gets curious about his odd, fat belly. “Do you have something—” Jesus says while his look is down at Vincent’s belly.
“Quack, Quack,” Vincent says playfully while poking Jesus in the middle of his head.
Jesus angrily looks up. He is so upset that he could totally punch Vincent if he was not so goddamn tall. 
“What’s up, Officer Boring?” Vincent says with his thick, French accent. He changes the subject before Jesus’s rising hand reaches his collar. “I actually have a safety question, Officer Boring. What if someone hits that concrete platform right before landing?”

“No way,” says Mr. Morgan, the owner and the director of the park, with a charming chuckle to the inspectors standing at the landing platform. “There is at least 9 feet of space here. Even Michael Jordan is not tall enough for that.”
“But the speed—,” the unconvinced inspector insists.
“Speed is what makes it fun. Look, look. What do you see?”
“Those paddings?”
“State-of-the-art de-accelerators I ordered right from mother-fucking Germany. Forty-five fucking thousand dollars. You could come with the speed of light, and these de-accelerators would make it like a baby jumping into her mother’s arms.”
The inspectors, still suspicious, give each other a weird look. Morgan’s salesmanship skills are working on them. That would reduce the price of the bribe that he later has to pay.
The landing platform is where most of the facilities of the adventure park are located, ranging from less-adventurous rides such as bumper cars, Helter Skelter, and carousel that is exclusively used by kids, to exciting ones like pendulum ride, pirate ship, and a roller coaster that is enjoyed by people of ages four and up. This is much less than the minimum standard age that is enforced in other adventure parks. However, Morgan has managed to pull off his powerful connections to reduce the minimum age and hence increase the profit. That is how he does business, and that is how he got so rich.
“It’s all clear,” the operator at the landing platform says over the radio.

“Send the next. Over,” the radio speaker says at the launching platform.
“Ready?” Jesus asks Lucy.
“Yeah,” she responds with excitement. Turning her head, she looks at Vincent. Paul, who is still staring at her with lustful eyes, follows her gaze and finds Vincent winking at her. He gets suspicious, but his attention breaks with Lucy screaming in excitement. Jesus has opened the gate, and Lucy is going down the zip line, gaining more and more speed every second.
“Allez. Allez. Allez,” Vincent shouts while putting both hands around his mouth.

Both of her hands holding a grip on the rope, Lucy enjoys the wonderful ride with the heavenly view. The start of the ride is like free-falling from the sky. Holding her breath, her heart beats at its peak, thinking: what a beautiful way to die. It is only after the first five seconds that she feels the pressure of the hook on the back of her harness as if somebody is holding her from the fall. In no time she learns to trust it, all of it, the cable, the hook, the safety straps on her harness, and just enjoy the most amazing view of the mountain range on the side and of the creek at the bottom. The end of the cable cannot be seen with naked eyes, and it appears as if she is going to hit the bottom of the creek at an insane speed. It is only after the midpoint when she realizes that the cable bends and connects to the landing platform at the edge of the cliff that is overlooking the creek.
Lucy takes her eyes off the spectacular view and looks at her inflated belly. Letting go of the grip on the rope, her right hand reaches the belly. What the hell is she doing? She starts opening the strap on her harness!

Vincent gets behind the gate, ready to go next. Jesus’s eyes fall on Vincent’s inflated belly again, and his suspicion comes back.
“Wait a minute, what’s that?”

“What the fuck?” Morgan says when his eyes fall on Lucy, who is approaching the landing platform at a high speed. Scared to death, he starts running toward the cliff’s edge while waving his hands at Lucy. “No, No, No.”
BOOOOOOM!
That is the sound of an explosion on the concrete wall at the edge of the cliff, right below the landing platform. A watermelon explodes into a million pieces after hitting the concrete wall with that insane speed. Lucy, who had dropped the watermelon, lands safely.

“Yee Haa,” Vincent screams out of excitement. “Je t’aime, mi bebe,” he shouts like a madman, which is followed by a mad laugh.
Jesus, who is now certain that Vincent’s fat belly is fake, does not miss a beat in unstrapping the harness, searching under his jacket.
“Hey, get off me, shithead,” Vincent complains.
His teeth grinding from the rage, he finds the watermelon in a large inside pocket stitched to the jacket interior, pulls it out, and holds it before Vincent. “This is a joke to you?” he yells. “People could get hurt, you idiot.”
“Hey, get your hands off me, you boring American. You don’t know how to have fun.”
Losing his temper, he is about to get physical when Paul, the ice cream in his hand, interferes.
“Hey, hey, hey, relax. Jesus, why don’t you take a break?” Paul is now in between them, facing Jesus.
“Jesus!” Vincent exclaims. “Your name is Jesus! A black Jesus! Ha ha ha. You make me laugh, you little man.”
Paul wraps his arm around outraged Jesus before he can attack Vincent. “Hey, easy, easy, bro, easy. Hey, look at me.” Paul says, looking right into Jesus’s eyes. Jesus looks up at Paul as he is still breathing rapidly, angry as a bear. “I’ll take care of it. Alright? Leave it to me. I’ll take care of it.” Jesus calms down right away. Paul certainly knows how to talk to his best friend. It has been almost twelve years since they have been friends. There was always a purity and innocence in Jesus that attracted Paul. He always stood behind Jesus and defended him in every situation. You, idiots, don’t get him, he would say. Jesus is not of this world; he is made of heaven—whatever that means.
Jesus reluctantly complies with Paul’s suggestion. Before he leaves, he yanks the watermelon and takes it with him.
While still laughing madly, Vincent follows Jesus with his eyes. “What is your miracle, little Jesus? Hey, when I die I want you to bring me back to life.” he follows that with a forced laugh.
Jesus does not turn back. He just angrily throws the watermelon in the garbage bin as he is walking away.
“Let it go,” Vincent mutters.
Jesus stops right away as if he might have heard it. He does not turn back though; just stands there like he is frozen.
The sneer disappears when Vincent turns back and finds Paul’s face right before his. Although his eyes look angry his lips are smiling. Feeling threatened, Vincent takes a step back.
Without saying a word, Paul starts redoing the straps on Vincent’s harness. Turning his look away, Vincent’s eyes fall on the shelf. Paul’s melting ice cream is lying down there next to the radio handset.
“A nig*** Jesus. So funny.” Vincent does not know when to shut up.
Paul is tightening the last strap when he hears that. He pauses. He needs a second to make his mind up on how to respond to the horrifying slur.
“Jesus, what are you waiting for? Over.” The voice says over the radio. That brings Paul to attention. The rage successfully suppressed, he smiles and leaves the strap the way it is.
“It’s coming. Just a sec. Over,” Paul says over the radio.
Vincent gets behind the gate, pushing his feet against it.
“Remember, knees up or you’ll swing. Ready?”
“I’ll see about that.”
“We all will see,” Paul says and pushes the button. The gate opens, and Vincent departs with a loud scream.
“Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.”
Disgusted by that, Paul puts the radio handset back on the shelf and picks up his half-eaten ice cream.
Jesus turns back to the platform to take over. He notices that Paul is leaning on the gate, eating the ice cream while joyfully watching Vincent. That is weird, he thinks. He follows Paul’s look and notices that Vincent is messing around again by throwing his legs left and right.
“What the hell is that idiot doing?” Jesus says in a worried tone.
“Playing with his odds?” Paul responds rhetorically.
Jesus takes a suspicious look at Paul, who is back on licking his ice cream. Not to overthink it, Jesus goes to prepare the next rider. A teenage girl takes his place, watching Vincent.
“JESUS!” the girl screams. With one of the straps on his harness torn apart, Vincent hangs only on one strap. Worried to death, Jesus runs toward Vincent only to be stopped by the fences. “Knees up. Knees up,” he screams pointlessly, Vincent being a mile away.
Vincent continues his reckless behavior of throwing his legs around.
Lucy with open arms is waiting for Vincent at the landing platform. “Allez, Allez, Allez,” she excitedly screams while jumping up and down.
“AHHHHHHH.” Vincent falls when the other safety strap gets busted open. His scream is filling the whole creek.
Her mouth half open and her eyes highly dilated, Lucy has stopped jumping up and down. She still cannot believe her eyes. This cannot be happening.
Vincent’s scream continues.
“Oh, shit,” Paul says while dropping his ice cream.
Vincent’s scream continues.
Jesus extends his hands as if he is trying to do a miracle. If there is any Jesus-y miracle in him, now it is the time to show it.
Vincent’s scream continues.
A mother looks away while covering the eyes of her son.
Vincent’s scream stops.
“Oh, my God,” Jesus says with a hoarse voice. “Oh, my God”
Having run over the edge of the platform, Morgan and the two inspectors also watched the fall. One of the inspectors takes pictures, and the other takes a pen and a notepad out of his jacket inside pocket. Seeing that, Morgan falls to his knees while holding his head between his hands. “Fuck me. I’m fucked.”
Jesus’s tearful eyes are still staring at his miracle-free black hands.
ACT II
Omar
Combing his fingers through his greasy hair, Omar walks on the sidewalk of 11th Street. Taking this shortcut, he will be able to catch the night prayer at the grand mosque. Playing with his hair is an old habit of his. He is lucky for having such nice hair; everybody tells him that. If it was not for his shaved mustache and long beard, he would have been quite a catch.
“If I catch one Rakat of the prayer,” Omar thinks to himself, “I’ll earn one blessing. But if I catch all four, then my total for the day will be 72 blessings; the same as the number of virgins awaiting me in heaven.”
Omar is immersed in his thoughts when the light that shines on a pair of golden shoes attracts his attention. Without thinking, his gaze locks on the tan legs of the girl who is wearing them. Looking up, he finds the Latino girl clad in a miniskirt and a blue tank top. Standing on the balcony of the shop, the girl smiles the moment Omar’s gaze falls on her face. Mouth agape, Omar stops, his fingers gradually falling through his hair.
“Am I dead or alive?” he wonders. “So, that is what heaven looks like. It was worth it. It was all worth it.” His pulse racing, he feels weak in his knees. Finally in heaven, and now gravity invites him to fall.
Omar snaps back to attention when the girl winks at him. That comes off unnatural to him. Looking further up, he finds a sign above the shop that says: ‘Latina Strip Club, $10 entry fee’. His face tightening, Omar lowers his gaze. The girl maintains the same smile, which now comes off mirthless.
“Why?” Omar asks, his voice tight. He swallows hard against the lump in his throat and tries again. “Why do you do this?” he asks, his voice almost squeaky.
The smile disappears from the girl’s face. Staring back at Omar’s questioning eyes, she presses her lips together.
“Hey, keep walking,” yells a beefy black guy with a thick voice, clad in a tight, black t-shirt. A thick gold necklace shining on his pumped chest, he appears through the darkness of the strip club. He has to slide a little to fit through the door.
“It’s OK, Gabriel,” the girl says, her voice worried. Her eyebrows drawn together, she leans and tries to block Gabriel’s way with her skinny hand.
“You shut the fuck up, honey,” Gabriel responds. His eyes locked on Omar, he approaches, slapping the girl’s feeble hand away. He stops his march awfully close to Omar.
“Walk away,” he says, showing the end of the street with his hand. 
The girl falls to her knees, pressing hard on the bruise on her hand. Her long, brown hair is in a ponytail down her back. 
Standing tall, Omar slowly turns his gaze from the girl onto Gabriel. Judging by his bad breath, he must have been drinking all day. Wrinkling his nose in disgust is the only reaction Omar shows to Gabriel’s threat.
Maneuvering the confrontation, Pedestrians step into the street to pass by.
“Did you make Honey expose herself like this?” Omar growls, panting, his fist clenched.
“Yeah. And after that, she sucks my cock too.” Gabriel gets closer to Omar, almost pushing him back. “Now, walk away,” he roars, showing the end of the street, again.
Omar closes his eyes when Gabriel’s spit hits his face. Thinking about what Gabriel just said, he pictures the girl kneeling before Gabriel’s crotch. Breathing angrily, he slowly opens his eyes again, his teeth grinding.
“You’re still here!” Gabriel yells, showing his teeth.
“Your teeth still there!” Omar mutters.
“What—”
Before Gabriel begins the sentence, Omar knocks him out with one punch under his jaw. The sound of his teeth cracking fades into the girl’s scream. The shocked pedestrians do not dare to approach. “Call the police,” one says to another.
Omar, standing still, turns his flushed face onto the girl, shooting her menacing glares. The girl turns her face down, rubbing her bruised hand.
While still breathing noisily, he looks her up and down.
“Tomorrow, Honey, this place will be torn down,” Omar says as if he prophecies of an upcoming Biblical torment. “You better not be here, you stupid whore,” he spits.
The girl is still looking downward.
Omar takes his condescending gaze off her, spits on Gabriel’s body, and leaves.
She watches Omar walking away as she hears a pedestrian talking on the phone, describing Omar’s physical features to 911.
The Apostles
SQUASH!
The black fly is squashed, when Sandy’s white hand slaps on his neck. He then takes the dead fly and stares at it. “Enjoy your destiny, you black devil,” he says with a chuckle. That would be the inciting incident of his boring day. The Pendulum Ride that he is in charge of is standing still. There is a sign on its entrance gate that says it would need at least two passengers to operate—and there are none. There is a similar sign on the roller coaster’s entrance gate. The roller coaster cars are sitting there silent. The carousel is still running but with no music, and there are only two or three kids on it. The zip line in particular has no customers.
The entire amusement park is relatively empty, and it has been since the last week when Vincent fell to his death at the bottom of the creek. Morgan, the park owner, did manage to bribe the inspectors and the city officials—as he always does—to turn a blind eye on the incident, but one cannot wipe out the public’s fear with money. If this continues for too long, Morgan will have to declare bankruptcy.
Sandy, who is bored to death, notices that some operators are gathered around the cafeteria. He is tempted to join them. Nobody would come for the Pendulum ride anyway, he thinks. He flicks the dead fly out the window and leaves the booth to join his fellow operators.

Sandy approaches the other operators. It is quite a diverse community composed of people from a variety of ethnicities. It seems there are also quite a few park visitors among the operators. Apparently, they have found this gathering more interesting than the park itself. Everyone, except Omar, is huddled around Jesus who is preaching to them. That is new! Sandy thinks.
Hanging from the bar that he has attached to a tree branch, Omar as usual does impressive pull-ups but with only one hand. Sandy takes his eyes from Omar’s muscular body to Jesus who is now visible through the standing crowd.
Sitting on the grass, he obviously has not shaved for a few days. That is new too! Sandy thinks. Everybody else is standing, including Paul, who is awfully close to a good-looking female operator.
“Everybody is mean these days,” Jesus continues his speech, “so much hate, full of anger, full of unforgiveness. It’s like we wake up every morning thinking whom should I hate today? It’s like we have an endless stack of injuries in our hearts, we have never forgiven them for what they have done to us, and we are constantly seeking revenge.”
“On whom?” one asks.
“On everybody,” Jesus responds immediately, “on anybody who comes across our way. Once you let your heart be filled with hate, you have little control over whom you project it on. We need peace in our hearts. It starts by letting things go. By forgiving—”
“Then do what?” one interrupts Jesus with an unenthusiastic tone.
“Do good. Isn’t that the goal? Growing into a merciful human who does good to people, exercises compassion, and shows clemency. We have gotten ourselves so busy with the details of prayers and rituals that we have forgotten the purpose. The simple, sensible purpose: doing good.”
“So, who did you forgive?” one asks half-sarcastically.
“God,” Jesus responds right away without a doubt. “I forgave God. If you can forgive God for what He has done to us, you can forgive everybody else.”
“Enough blasphemy for today,” Omar yells from behind, attracting everybody’s attention. All sweat from the pull-ups, he pushes his way through the crowd and approaches Jesus. “Take it back before I break your teeth,” he says, pointing his clenched fist at Jesus. 
Jesus sitting on the grass seems totally powerless against muscular Omar standing above him. The crowd does not interfere. They rather take a step away to safety. It is hard to blame them since Omar is quite a scary person even when he is calm and partly savage when he is angry. 
Paul, however, leaves the girl operator alone and jumps in to defend defenseless Jesus. He puts his hand on Omar’s chest and pushes him away.
“Hey. Easy, easy. Easy tiger,” Paul says.
Omar looks furiously at Paul, who is taller than him.
Staring back at Omar, Paul stands his ground. “He’s just talking, bro,” he says, trying to defuse the tension using his charm. “Relax, alright. Take it easy.”
Omar eventually turns with an aargh and walks away. After only two steps, he stops and turns back to Jesus.
“I wasted so much time trying to save you from the church and guide you to the path of righteousness. But you instead go crazy, rambling blasphemies, making yet another cult. I will fix you. Swear to God, I will fix you, even if that’s the last thing I do in this life.”
Omar turns angrily and violently pushes the crowd away to leave.
“Omar,” Jesus calls.
“What?” Omar shouts while turning. Everybody turns to Jesus. In contrast to Omar, he is quite calm and peaceful. A few moments pass by. 
“What?” Omar shouts again.
“I forgive you.”
“Forgive your ass,” Omar says before he furiously leaves.

The adventure park is closed for today and the workers are leaving one by one. Jesus has laid back on the willow tree in his usual evening spot, at the edge of the cliff overlooking the creek. Artistically painting half the sky red, the sun is setting behind the mountains. Jesus, the paintbrush in his hand and the canvas on his knees, is (re-)painting the sunset—on the canvas.
The colorful palette lies on the ground. Next to it, a dark-gray pigeon with green-purple iridescence is standing, watching over Jesus’s painting. It is as if the pigeon is teaching Jesus how to paint.
“Coo-Coo,” the pigeon says.
“Yeah, I know,” Jesus responds.
Suddenly, the pigeon flies away. Surprised by that, Jesus turns his head and sees his colleague, Guneet, approaching. He is a bearded, 40-year-old Punjabi Sikh, wearing a dark blue turban. Without saying a word, he sits on the ground next to Jesus and joins him in watching the sunset and the beautiful energy around it. Jesus smiles and goes back to painting.
After a few moments, Guneet finally breaks the silence.
“Who is that on the cross?” he asks, gesturing to the painting.
“That’s Jesus.”
“Hah. It looks a lot like you.”
“Yes! I’m Jesus.”
“Hah. What’s the painting about?”
“It’s an old painting that I’m trying again. The ending, I’m not quite satisfied with. I want to—”
“Are you scared?” Guneet interrupts.
“Always. Of what?”
“What got into you, man? You aren’t the same person after the last week. It wasn’t your fault, you know.”
“Wasn’t it?”
“What could you have done? A miracle?”
“I could’ve forgiven him.”
“He was a French asshole.”
“Yeah, he was. But I could’ve forgiven him.”
“And he would be alive?”
“Perhaps. If I had tightened the straps myself—”
“What happened up there? Did Paul—”
“I don’t know. But something did happen to me. I can see things now.”
“You surely can ramble now,” Guneet says with a sneer.
“So, like Omar, you also think I’m crazy?” Jesus asks with a sad tone.
“I hope Omar hasn’t scared you too much?”
“I guess he did a bit, to be honest,” Jesus responds hesitantly.
“Omar is a good boy, most of the time. He could go both ways. He’s crazy.”
“Sometimes,” Jesus continues, “I think perhaps I should just shut up, you know, try to be normal—”
“No, never,” Guneet says firmly as he turns to Jesus. “Look. Why do you think I wear this damn turban all the time?”
“I thought it is a sin in Sikhism to show your hair.”
“Yeah, but do you really think I believe in that shit? That hiding my hair would make me a better person?”
“Well—”
“It’s not about beliefs. It’s about freedom. Punjabis have gone through so much shit to keep their faith against the tyranny of Hindus and, after them, Muslims. They had to sacrifice with their blood to earn their freedom, to practice rituals that they literally made up. This is to honor their sacrifice.” Guneet says while pointing to his turban. “Who the hell are they to tell Punjabis what to believe and what not to believe. Listen, if you really care about the bullshit you’re making up—”
“Forgiveness is not—”
“then the hell with whoever who doesn’t. Don’t chicken out just because bullies like Omar are not happy with your way. Fight for your way. Fight for your freedom. It’s worth it, no matter the consequences.”
Contemplating on what Guneet says, Jesus is silent for a few moments. “Thanks, friend,” he says finally with a reassured tone.
“Always. And shave that pathetic beard, will you?” Guneet says jokingly.
“You have a beard!” Jesus says with a chuckle.
“Mine comes with the turban,” Guneet says, bursting into laughter.
Laughing out loud, they do an arm-wrestle handshake. Before it hands the earth over to darkness, the setting sun is watching from behind the mountains the beautiful synergy between the two friends.
Maria
A lit cigarette dangling from his lips, Julio has his right hand on the green curtain that is hanging before the open door of the church. It seems that he wants to enter but somehow cannot make the last move to remove the curtain.
Maria, Jesus’s mother, stays back and watches him for about a minute. She is a God-fearing 49-year-old black woman with a pure heart and a simple mind. One can tell life has not been kind to her by the wrinkles that have appeared too early on her face. Father Kelly has summoned her to the church, and if there is one thing he hates more than a shaken belief, it would be being late. Himself being as punctual as a Swiss watch, in a matter of a second he would absolve one, of a massacre of a thousand babies but has no forgiveness for one who keeps him waiting in the confession booth.
Maria cannot wait forever. “Are you coming in?” she asks the man. Taking a drag on his cigarette, Julio turns his scarred face to Maria. The scars do not scare her. This is the house of God, and not everyone deserves to be at its doorstep. Although the scars imply a history of violence, beyond that hard exterior there must be a heart with a capacity for love.
Julio, while exhaling smoke out of his nose, lingers his glance on Maria and then on the rusty cross necklace on her chest. Maria does not rush him, returning his glare with a kind smile.
“There is this little girl,” he says eventually, “that is still freaking me out. The look she gave—”
“Son,” Maria interrupts. “I don’t work here. I’m a sinner myself, came here to pray.”
“Fine with me. The look she gave me when—”
“But laypersons are never allowed to hear confessions. You wanna see Father Kelly.”
“How much does he charge per confession?” Julio asks after taking another drag on his cigarette.
“Ah… I’m not sure. It’s been a while for me. But donations are voluntary, it used to be, although highly encouraged.”
“No one gives you a free lap dance,” Julio says. The blank look on his face shows no indication of him being convinced.
“Come on,” Maria says, “let’s get in. I’ll introduce you to Father Kelly. He is the man of God,” she says while removing the green curtain. She steps inside and holds the curtain open for Julio. Patiently waiting for him to make his mind up, with her kind look she invites him in.
Julio, the cigarette still between his lips, bows and sticks his head inside the church.
“Holy Mother of God!” he exclaims. “This place is deserted!”
Maria turns her face to the church. Julio was right. There is only an old couple sitting on a bench in the middle, one of them seems to be taking a nap.
“Yeah,” Maria gasps. “It used to be filled with prayers.”
Julio retracts his head.
“Are you leaving?!” Maria asks, showing her disappointment with her tone. Standing inside, she is still holding the curtain open for him.
“This dump freaks me out. I’m not getting in here, even if it’s half-price,” Julio says and turns to leave.
“Have faith, Son.” Maria finds herself saying that. Julio stops, turning back to Maria. “Have faith, and He will speak to you. He’ll save you if you have faith.”
Julio takes the half-burnt cigarette out of his mouth and exhales the last puff of smoke.
“I’ve taken care of many assholes,” he responds, “some as faithful as shit.” He flicks the half-burnt cigarette on the church door and walks away.
Watching Julio leave, Maria is still holding the curtain open; not sure if it is for him to enter or for her to exit. He touches the rusty cross necklace on her chest. As if the Lord has just spoken to him, she feels her heart filled with confidence right away. Having the sinful doubts inspired by the devil washed away, she draws the curtain and steps through the empty church toward the office of Father Kelly in the back.

Maria, is sitting in the church’s back office. Nothing in this life has ever entered her heart except the love for her country, her church, and her family. She has loved no man in her life but her late husband, who disappeared before Jesus was born. Maria has taught her son that his father proudly died fighting for his country; a story that Jesus used to believe when he was younger. Devoting her life to bringing up Jesus, she has been to him both a merciful mother and a wonderful father.
Being a single mom, her biggest challenge has been managing the finances. Thanks to her prayers and the blessing of the church, she has managed to overcome the financial problems, most of the time. One can tell that by the cheap clothes that she has on, and the stitches on the left side, which she tries to cover with her worn-out purse. Her black skin is in sharp contrast with the white sofa that she is sitting on. Worried that her cheap clothes might leave a spot or a scratch, she is a bit uncomfortable sitting on the expensive, all-white, leather sofa.
It is not only the sofa; the whole office is artfully decorated with expensive furniture; from the antique, giant wall clock, to the 17th-century paintings, to the desk made of rare wood that grows only on the side of Amazon riverbank, and finally to the giant armchair behind it. The chair is so big and fancy that it looks more like a throne.
Otto, Father Kelly’s assistant, enters, bringing coffee in a fancy-looking Chinese cup. The churchgoers know him as a young man with a kind heart, full of enthusiasm to learn.
“There you go, Ms. Freeman.”
Maria is humbled by the hospitality that she receives. A bit stressed holding such an expensive cup, she receives it with so much care. If she breaks it, that would probably cost more than all the clothes that she has on—when they were new.
“Thank you, my dear. Didn’t want to trouble you.”
“No trouble at all. It was so good of you to come over. Father Kelly will be with you shortly.”
“Did the Father say what this is about?”
Hearing the sound of a throat being cleared, Otto looks at the door standing ajar. Looking upset, Father Kelly is standing outside the office where Maria cannot see him. Otto gets nervous.
“Sure, yeah,” Otto says to Maria while his worried look is still on Father Kelly, “just a second”. He leaves the office, shutting the door behind him.
“What is she doing here?” Father Kelly asks right away.
“That is Jesus’s mother. You called for her!”
“No, genius. I mean what is she doing in my office, being treated like she is the queen of England?”
“Ah, well, ah, I… ah, I thought before we ask her for a favor, it would be nice—”
“Nice?! Nice?! People don’t do things to be nice. They do it because they’re motivated, and that is the priest’s job. Listen, junior,” Father Kelly takes a parental tone as he puts his hand on Otto’s shoulder. “It is a tremendous responsibility to be the Lord’s voice to your sheep, I mean to His sheep. It takes more than a good heart and good intentions to make a good priest. If you wanna run this parish one day, you gotta pick up the pace in learning your people skills. I cannot spell out every single word for you.”
“Sorry, Uncle Jack.”
“Father. Here, you call me Father.”
“I mean Father. Sorry, Father Kelly.” Otto’s gaze is down, embarrassed.
“Alright. Bring her to the front row. Just watch and learn.”

Maria is kneeling in the first row. Father Kelly is standing in front, looking down at her. Maria, as her head is down, holds Father Kelly’s hand and kisses the golden ring that has on it seven diamonds in the form of a holy cross.
“It’s been quite a while since your last confession, Maria.”
“You must forgive me, Father,” Maria says while looking up. “I am a bit short on cash these days.”
“Oh, please Guardians,” Father Kelly closes his eyes and says while looking up. “Turn that fire away, just for a second. My skin is gone, my flesh is turning into ashes, and my bones are burning from inside. Just for a second, please, just for a split of a second turn that fire away.” Father Kelly opens his eyes and looks down at Maria’s petrified face. “You know who would be saying that?” Father Kelly asks.
“Satan?” Maria responds hesitantly.
Father Kelly sneers. “That would be you, tasting the result of your sins. And we both know what you did on the night of Easter, don’t we?” He says while giving Maria a meaningful look.
“Wouldn’t Lord save me?” she asks with a shaking voice.
“He would. But His redemption is saved solely for the believers. Are you a true believer?”
“I am,” Maria responds excitedly. “I truly believe in Him.”
“Then what have you done for His Church lately?”
“I’m sorry, Father.” Maria turns her look down.
“Have no fear, my dear. We can fix that. Tell me, how is that apostate son of yours?”
“He’s just sick, Father,” Maria says beggingly as she looks up. “He keeps asking if his father is really dead. Lately, he has been saying that he might be the son of God. I cannot reason with him.”
“Reason would not heal a broken heart,” Father Kelly says and notices the surprise on Maria’s face. “Yeah, I know the story too. He used to confess here, before losing his mind entirely. Listen, Lord has a mission for you. Are you a true believer?”
“What God wants me to do?” Maria asks submissively.
Father Kelly victoriously smiles.
O Brother, Where Art Thou?
“For 15 years I was trained to be a believer.”
Jesus, now bearded, is giving a speech to a crowd that is gathered around him at the parking lot next to the entrance gate of the Eden Adventure Park. He is using his break to come outside the park and to give the speech that is close to his heart. This has been the routine in the past few weeks. The crowd, composed of all races and religions, seems more interested in Jesus than in the park itself. Word of mouth has spread the news, and most of the crowd has come solely to meet him.
“For 15 years I was trained to be a believer, to believe everything they tell me. For 15 years they taught me why we are different. Why we represent the religion and everybody else is a cult. Why we are better people. Why we will deserve redemption and the others don’t. Why? Because of some magic words we say, or a magical story we hold on to.”
The crowd chuckles.
“What did I tell ya?” Paul says with a chuckle to the pretty girl standing next to him. He wraps his arm around her shoulder when she reciprocates the smile.
“Through the years,” Jesus continues, “I’ve seen many good people at church. They have a universal virtue, in that they all are kind to strangers. Those are the good ones, and in all honesty, I’ve seen some bad ones too. These two are different. Good and bad are not the same. If there is only one truth in this universe, this is it. There is something called being good, and that is different than being bad. But, despite this clear difference, there is still something common between the two groups at my church; that they all hold on to the same story, calling it faith. What does it tell you? That this is not their faith that turns them good or bad. It must be something else. And I’ve met wonderful people from other faiths too, many of them at this very park. People with different rituals, traditions, and each with their own unprovable story of how the unseen, divine world works. And yet, they are all good people. People that I would confidently nominate for salvation if I was in charge.”
The crowd laughs at Jesus’s humor. They relate to the phenomenon that Jesus is referring to. It is like they always at some level already knew about it, but now that Jesus is pointing it out, they recognize it right away. The more Jesus talks, the more the crowd identifies itself with his words.

In the very last row, a short, middle-aged Chinese woman is trying to stand on her toes to be able to see Jesus. “Excuse me,” a voice says from behind. She turns back to the voice and sees an angel-face, shy, teenage girl. There is a black hand on her shoulder. The Chinese woman turns more and sees a 50-ish-year-old, blind man behind her. His mouth half-open, he is looking away so that his ears would be directed at Jesus. He is not even trying to hide the excitement on his face. It is as if he hears the voice that he has been waiting for all his life. The Chinese woman, impressed by the blind man’s enthusiasm, opens the way for him to get closer to Jesus.

“What is it then that makes a person good. If it is not their particular faith, the stories that their parents have educated them to memorize, or the specific rituals that they are trained to do. What is it then? I have been asking myself this very question over and over through the years, and I finally got the answer, through an inspiration, enlightenment, a moment of clarity, or whatever you want to call it.”
The mouths half-open and the eyes highly dilated, the crowd is all ears. 
His hand now wrapped around the girl’s waist, Paul smiles at her, but she, being absorbed in Jesus’s words, does not even notice that. He retracts his hand, disappointed.
“The question I had was what makes you a good person. The answer I was given was only two words: good deed. As simple as that. Do good and watch yourself become good. Do good, and feel the sense of peace that grows in your heart. It is as simple as that. It might not be easy, but it is simple. That’s the truth and the whole truth. It is nice to be nice. Now, did you really need a Guru, Imam, Priest, Hakham to tell you that? There is no secret, magical recipe for being good.”
“Hey, not all Gurus are bad,” Sagar says with a slight objection noticeable in his thick Indian accent. He is a south Indian, college-educated, young man. “You just need to find a good one. I’ve got one. He is very good. A good guru can show you the way and tell you what is good and what is bad.”
“Do you really need a guru for that?” Jesus responds with a frustrated tone.
“How else you tell apart good from—”
“Common sense. That’s how,” Jesus interrupts him with the obvious answer.
The blind man nods, a big smile on his face.
“Feed the hungry was a good deed we did in church,” Jesus continues, “Muslims and Jews do the same in mosques and synagogues. Do you know any Hindu temple that doesn’t do that?”
The Hindus in the crowd unanimously nod.
“It is a sense common among all people of all colors, races, and backgrounds. It is common among all humanity. It’s… common sense.”
The blind man mouths the words ‘common sense’ with Jesus.
“Same goes for charity,” Jesus continues, “kindness, and compassion.”
“How about passion?” A teenage boy says jokingly while trying to restrain his laughter. His two friends are the only ones in the crowd that find that amusing.
“Passion is not bad,” Jesus responds graciously, “but give it a few years, and let life show you that love hurts more than it heals. When it does, show some forgiveness. And that would be a good deed.”

The crowd dispersed, some enthusiasts have stayed around Jesus to ask him more questions.
Jesus looks down and notices a little girl standing there, hugging her puppy, which seems to be asleep. Jesus smiles at the girl. She, however, is too depressed to return the smile.
“Can you make Mr. Puffy good again?” she begs.
Kneeling before the little girl, Jesus looks into her sad eyes. He wishes there was something he could do to make her happy. He hates to disappoint such an innocent kid.
“But…,” Jesus says before gulping in nervousness, “I am not a doctor, my dear.”
“Didn’t you say you can heal?” says an aggressive voice. Jesus looks up and finds the girl’s father, a Caucasian commoner with little to none courteousness. Alert by his tone, Paul approaches to interfere if it gets escalated.
“Well…, no.” Jesus is surprised by the accusation. 
“I’m pretty sure I’ve heard you saying that. We’ve come a long way for this. Can you just try?” The father is rude and demanding.
“But—”
“Please,” the little girl begs.
Jesus turns to her. Who can say no to those innocent eyes? She hands over her puppy when Jesus extends his hands. He hesitantly holds the unconscious puppy in his arms. He does not know what to do next. He looks up and finds that everybody is eagerly watching.
Paul notices Jesus’s hesitation. An idea! Using body language, Paul reminds him of the time he resurrected a pigeon by blowing on it—A story that Jesus had shared only with Paul.
Desperate for a solution, Jesus does what Paul suggests. He can hear his own heart pounding hard out of stress. He puts the dog on the ground and, his hands still holding it, he blows. The dog’s hair moves with the blow.
He removes his hands, and the dog collapses on the ground like a corpse that it is.
“Hallelujah. It blinked,” Paul screams and attracts everyone’s attention to himself. “Did you see that? It blinked. It’s a miracle.”
“It’s not moving,” the father complains.
“Do you know anything about the cardiovascular system?” Paul asks and impatiently waits to hear no.
“Carti what?” the father asks embarrassedly.
“Good. That’s what I thought,” Paul says condescendingly after taking a relaxed breath. “Life is back to its eyes now, but it takes time to be pumped into its muscles.”
Leaning forward, he picks up the dog and shoves it into the little girl’s arms. “There you go princess, as good as new. By tomorrow morning, Mr. Puffy will be jumping around like never before.”
“Really?!” the girl asks excitedly.
“Really. Who’s next?” Paul says and pushes on the girl’s back to leave. “You had a question?” he says to the woman that is standing aside. “Go ahead, shoot.”
Jesus is still watching the girl leaving with much optimism. He does not know if he should feel guilty for the whole thing was the father’s fault, but he still does feel sorry for the little girl.
“Jesus.” He snaps back to attention when Paul calls his name. “People are waiting,” he continues.
Jesus reluctantly stands up to answer the next question.

A black hand appears and touches Jesus’s face. The hand has a cheap ring with a giant, colored glass on it. He welcomes the touch with a kind smile. Trying to memorize Jesus’s face, the fingers touch the forehead, the nose, and then the bearded cheeks.
“I had to see it with my own fingers,” Shaq, the blind man, says. “Finally, a universal, black messenger.”
“I can’t do miracles,” Jesus says embarrassedly assuming that the blind man is here to get his eyesight back. “How do you know I’m black?” He asks as if it has just occurred to him that the man is blind.
“What do you mean exactly?” Shaq says with a confrontational tone. He seems quite offended. Jesus can hear his heart pounding during the awkward silence.
“Ah… ah… nothing… ah… I just—” Jesus tries very hard to find the words that would undo what he said earlier.
“See these fingers,” the blind man says, “they can see things that a thousand eyes can’t.” Jesus gulps in nervousness. He slowly realizes that he was being teased when Shaq lets out a mad, long laugh. Jesus’s laugh also breaks out and joins the harmony.
Shaq opens his arms for a hug. “Come on brother. Where are you?”
Taking a step toward Shaq, Jesus warmly hugs him. The two just-acquainted friends firmly hug one another as if they have already known each other for decades. Shaq being larger and older, it feels like Jesus is hugging the father he never had. 
As the laughs are settling, Shaq holds Jesus before him, touching his face with his fingers again, and this time gives a serious response.
“Your words are the miracle I’m looking for. My eyes don’t see colors, that’s true. Nor do the listeners of my podcast.”
“A podcast?! What is it called?”
“Common Sense.”
“Are you… are you Shaquille?” Jesus says excitedly.
“The one and the only. Call me Shaq, brother.”
“Of course. Shaq.”
“How is Maria?” Shaq asks out of nowhere.
“Good. She is… Wait. How do you know my mother?” Jesus asks confusedly.
“Oh, we go back a long way, son, before you were even born.”
Jesus is all suspicious. Why didn’t mom ever mention that she knows the famous Shaquille? he wonders. What is it that she is hiding? Did Shaquille know my father too? Or is Shaquille my—
“And this is my little angel,” Shaq says and breaks the silence, showing a teenage, shy girl next to him.
She looks oddly similar to me, Jesus thinks, the nose, the eyes, the smile. If I ever had a sister, it would be like her.
“Sera is my daughter, the light of my eyes, and more importantly, my right hand.”
“What a coincidence,” Paul opportunistically jumps in, “I am also Jesus’s right hand.” Paul excitedly extends his hand to shake with 15-year-old Sera. She does not let Paul’s extended hand be hanging there for too long. 
“Enchanté,” Paul says while kissing Sera’s hand like she is royalty. He does not seem able or willing to put his charm on a leash.

The evening is gloomy. His palette and canvas under his arm, Jesus approaches his usual evening spot, the willow tree at the edge of the cliff. 
A beam of light shines on a tiny, glistening stone. He picks up the brown gravel Leaning back on the tree, he flicks the gravel down the cliff. It lands on a bunch of canvases, all copies of the same crucifixion painting, and all torn around the face of the Roman soldier!
The smile that he has been carrying around since this morning that he met Shaq, disappears from his face when out of no where he remembers his failure in healing the little girl’s dog. He is partly sad for the little girl and partly for the embarrassment he endured when he could not live up to the expectation of his followers.
There is a small grain of self-doubt that is slowly growing in his heart. Am I supposed to do miracles? he wonders. Would a miracle make my words any more sensible to these people? Jesus remembers Shaq saying that he is after Jesus’s words, not any Superman-style miracle. Why can’t everybody be like Shaq? he wishes. Or what if I could become the superman they are dreaming of, and give people what they want?
When Mari Met Sally
“Bing,” says the Uber app on the car speaker. “You have arrived at your destination.”
“Alright, there we are,” the Uber driver says to Maria, Jesus’s Mother. “You have a good day, alright?” He is a huge guy with such a big belly that makes her wonder how he did manage to get into the car in the first place. His deep voice joins his big body to make him sound scarier. Impatiently watching Maria in his rear-view mirror, he waits for her to leave the car. Maria, however, seems to be hesitant to get out. It is quite an unsafe situation to have a man of that size to be frustrated with her.
“Where did you want to go, ma’am?” the driver asks finally.
“7/11”
“Oh, that’s on the other side,” the huge driver says while hissing. He pauses, thinking of a reaction.
Maria senses that she might face the driver’s aggression if she stays in the car any longer.
“You know what? You sit tight. I’ll take you there,” the driver says unexpectedly. Maria is pleasantly surprised. The kind gesture she just witnessed was a stranger in this town.
“Didn’t mean to trouble you, son,” she says embarrassedly.
“No problema,” the driver says while doing a U-turn. “But ma’am, you know what you should do next time? You should choose Uber Pool. Then it would drop you off right at your destination.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t know which is which. I just chose the cheapest.”
“Of course,” the Uber driver says with a chuckle, “but the cheapest one is Uber Express. It’s cheaper, but then you gotta walk for a few minutes. Is this the one?”
“Yes, that 7/11.”
“Alrighty, let me actually take you to the front door,” he says while turning into the parking lot. “Then, you have to walk less. Isn’t that nice?”
Maria is quite impressed by so much kindness from the scary Uber driver that she does not know nor will she meet again in her life.
“Thank you very much, son.”
“Of course. There we are. Don’t mention it. You have a good one, alright?”
“Thank you.” Maria wants to show gratitude, but she cannot remember the words. The driver’s generosity has taken her by surprise. After she closes the door, she feels obliged to say more. “God bless you, son,” she says while giving the driver a grateful look through the open window. “That was very kind of you.”
“Of course. My pleasure. That would be my good deed today,” he says and drives away.
The words ‘good deed’ have reminded Maria of something. She turns and walks toward the 7/11 store but stops halfway. The threshold in front of the entrance is artlessly half-painted red. It looks more as if a bucket of red paint is simply poured on it. She remembers the words ‘good deed’ again. Where did the Uber driver hear that expression? she thinks. She does not know why she now has doubts about whether to continue to the shop.
She makes up her mind and turns away toward the street. But she pauses again before taking the first step. She is feeling torn apart between fulfilling the mission that Lord has assigned to her and following her heart. Her right hand on her chest, her fingers touch the cheap, rusty cross necklace. She gains the confidence to do the right thing when her eyes fall on the cross. What I felt coming from my heart is perhaps nothing but Lucifer’s temptation, she thinks. Reassured by the cross, she turns back to the convenience store and walks over the red-painted bricks to accomplish her mission.

“I like your hat,” Sally says flirtatiously to the hot guy at the counter. He has a classy mustache, which combined with his stylish straw hat makes him look quite attractive.
“Yeah, thanks,” the hot guy responds dismissively after taking his gaze away from her.
Sally is a 36-year-old ginger girl, although she looks more like 45 or 46. Light reflects off the thick face cream that she is wearing. From how bad she has aged, one can tell life has not taken it easy on her. 
Still staring at the guy, Sally needs a second to absorb yet another rejection that she just received. She is still in a frozen state when a gorgeous, Indonesian girl comes and puts a bag of chips on the counter. She looks 20 years old, or more. Sally could never guess the age of Asian people, especially their women. Those sons-of-bitches they never age, Sally thinks.
“Look what we almost forgot?” the Indonesian girl tells the hot guy.
“Thank God, you were here, babe,” the hot guy says and kisses his girlfriend. He then looks back at Sally, the grocery cashier behind the counter. “Hey, excuse me,” he says to Sally, who is staring at them.
Sally snaps back to attention. She finds the pretty, Indonesian girl giving her a condescending look. That bitch must’ve overheard my comment about her boyfriend’s hat, Sally thinks.
“The chips too,” the boyfriend tells Sally while pointing to the bag of chips.
She, feeling the rock bottom, looks away from the couple, picks up the bag of chips, and scans it. 
“Forty-six dollars and three cents,” she says without looking at any of them.
“How did this happen?” Sally asks herself. “How did I end up here? I don’t deserve this, or do I? No, I don’t. What happened to me? Maybe if that asshole did not… How could he do that to me? I hate him. I hate him. I hate him. Where are the pills? I need my pills.”
Frantically opening the drawer, Sally snatches the bottle of Valium, unscrews the lid, and pops one of the large capsules into her mouth. It hurts to swallow it without water, but that is not comparable to the resurfaced pain that she is enduring. Looking down, she takes a couple of deep breaths. The hot guy and his young-looking girlfriend are already gone.
“How can I help you today?” Sally says reluctantly before looking up at the next customer.
“You can help me get my son back,” Maria says with tearful eyes.
“Oh, Ms. Freeman.”
A look of surprise crosses Sally’s face when, after many years, she sees her ex’s mother again.

“I can’t,” Sally tells Maria before taking another drag on her cigarette. They are standing in front of the shop, over the partly-red painted threshold. Sally tries not to look at Maria when turning her down. “It’s been too long. It’s over between us—”
“Not for him,” Maria says with high confidence. “He’s not over it yet.”
“With all due respect, how would you know?”
“If a mother cannot read the eyes of her own son, then…” She stares at Sally’s cigarette. “Since when do you smoke, my dear?”
Sally glances at her ex’s mom. It has been a long time since anybody worried about her. She likes the feeling. “It’s good for me,” she says and turns her look away again. “It calms me down—” Sally coughs multiple times. Nevertheless, she continues smoking.
“Sally.”
“Yeah.”
“Look at me, my dear.”
Maria’s trembling voice attracts Sally’s attention. The cigarette in her hand, she turns her face completely toward Maria, who is looking at her with tearful eyes.
“This is a mother begging you,” Maria says while a single tear escapes her eye. “Jesus was a good boy. He’s getting worse and worse ever since you left him.” Her eyes no longer able to contain the tears, she bursts out crying. “If only he can see you again, that’s all it takes.”
Touched by her sobbing, Sally drops the cigarette, approaches Maria, and hugs her.
“He can heal,” Maria says in her arms. “I know it. Jesus can heal.”
In the Wrong Place At the Wrong Time
The door to the 7/11 shop opens very hard. It hits the bottom of the ladder that was mounted there. The ladder shakes, and the painter who was working on it falls off, so does its bucket of red paint. It spreads all over the brick threshold at the front door.
Roma, holding a large can of sugar in her arm, was angrily leaving the convenience store when the splashed paint almost gets her.
“Hey, watch it, you moron,” she spits. The miserable painter is fallen on the ground, looking in pain. She carefully walks around the red paint with her high-heel shoes. These are her outdoor shoes, different than the one she had thrown at runaway Crystal last week. Leaving the painter sprawled across the threshold, which is now artlessly half-painted red, Roma goes to wait at the street curb.
Sally runs out to help the poor painter. Kneeling on the fresh paint, she holds his arms, helping him to sit up. Her attention all on him, she does not seem to have any regard for herself and her dress.
An Uber stops before Roma, who is holding the sugar can with her left hand. Large sugar cans are the 7/11’s irresistible deal of the month. It is three to four times cheaper than regular size cans of sugar, but the downside is that you have to buy them in bulk and in that weird packaging. The large can is going to replace what Crystal, her daughter, had ruined that week.
Roma opens the car’s front door with her right hand. The front seat is adjustable, and thus always Roma’s preferred choice. She leans forward to sit when she notices a lunch box on the front seat. She takes a questioning look at the driver. He is Julio. She does not know him yet, nor she knows what Julio, the scarface, is capable of.
“Hey, the box,” Roma shouts at him.
Julio does not turn to her and only points to the back seat with his thumb.
“In the back.”
The curt response upsets Roma. She stares at Julio for a few moments but gets no reaction. She eventually straightens up and angrily shuts the front door. Now, Julio is the one who is upset. His scarred face looks scarier when he is angry. He takes a deep breath like a raging bull that is ready to charge.
Roma opens the back door and throws the sugar can on the side before sitting. She does not bother to fasten her seat belt. Julio does not care to remind her either, just waiting for her to close the door. She shuts the door hard again.
Julio is breathing more rapidly now. There is a limit on how much Julio would take, and that limit is quite low. Nevertheless, he changes the gear to leave.
“Go,” Roma commands Julio, the scarface, tapping on his shoulder.
He pulls the emergency hand brake. It makes quite a noise. The car’s old engine is still roaring. He gives Roma a dirty look from the front mirror. That is intimidating. She looks away. He notices Sally and the painter. They are looking his way. Not here, with all these witnesses, Julio thinks. He then thinks of a plan, picturing what he will do to Roma. He releases the brake when the satisfactory imagery brings a dominant smile to his scarred face.
Julio, the scarface, drives away with Crystal’s mom in his car.
Echoed Whispers
“Are you the Messiah, a prophet, a messenger, or a guru?”
“None. I’m merely a reminder.”
The intro music begins.
Shaq is interviewing Jesus for his podcast in his humble studio. They are sitting in Shaq’s garage, which is filled with stuff you would find in any ordinary garage: a claw hammer, a collection of nails and screws, a wrench, a ladder, garbage cans, a dustpan, a garden hose, empty flower pots, and not to mention the permanent resident of the garage, cockroaches. One of them is now crawling on the old paint cans that are stacked next to Shaq, who is sitting on a wobbly, wooden stool. Once in a while, he leans against the wall behind to relax a bit. The wooden desk in front of him limits his mobility. There is a microphone with fat padding on the desk before Shaq, and another before Jesus who is sitting at the opposite side of the desk.
Sera, Shaq’s 15-year-old daughter, is also sitting there. Her back is toward the partly-open, roll-up garage door. She, shy and quiet as always, is behind a 17-inch laptop, operating a sound mixer program and also in charge of live broadcasting the podcast. Sera stops the music and touches Shaq on his hand. With her signal, he continues the interview.
“He is here, the man with no fear, the promised one, the one who forgave God, Jesus, the black reminder. This is Shaquille, your friendly voice, and you hear us from the Common Sense Studio.”
Jesus takes another look at the cheap garage that they are sitting in. He sneers when Shaq refers to it as the studio.
“You are Jesus, but you are no Messiah. You called yourself a reminder. How is that different than a prophet?”
“Well, a prophet prophesies the unknown future, a reminder reminds the known eternal truth.”
“You know well that you are not the first on the block. Tell us, Jesus. What’s new about your movement?”
“Movement?! I don’t know if I call it that. And I certainly don’t claim any novelty here. I am simply reminding what everybody already knows.”
“And what is that?”
“Doing good. This is what our common sense tells us. It is a common value and always has been through the centuries, and across east to west. Compassion is cherished as a value whether you are Chinese, Indian, Arab, German, African, or Latino. Good deed knows no race, no color, no religion.”
“And why should listeners of the Common Sense Podcast believe you?”
“You don’t have to believe me. Just believe your heart. Try it for yourself. Start by forgiving. Show some compassion, and feel the sense of peace that grows in your heart…”
Waves of Compassion
“… This is a ruthless world that we are placed in. We, humankind, are born in pain. That is the fate that is written for us from birth. There might not be any escape from it, but there is a painkiller to ease the pain. And that’s compassion.”
Julio is listening to the rest of the Common Sense Podcast from his car radio. Jesus’s words have calmed him down a bit. Having changed his mind about his revenge on Roma, he is driving her to her destination instead.
“Bing,” says the Uber app from his phone speaker. “You have arrived at your destination.”
Roma, confused by the notice that the phone announces, looks around to check out where they really are. “This ain’t my home,” Roma objects strongly.
“This is Uber Express—”
“Excuse me!” Roma snaps at Julio with a loud voice.
About to lose his already-low temper, Julio rubs his ears to perhaps ease the pain of Roma’s shouting. She notices that.
“Something gets implanted into your heart when you exercise compassion,” Jesus continues the podcast. “Something that brings more and more peace into your heart. And isn’t the peaceful heart the only real fortune in this disturbed world? Try it.”
Julio takes a breath to calm himself.
“This is Uber Express. You gotta walk the rest.”
“You don’t tell me what Uber is,” Roma shouts at Julio. She leans forward to get closer to his ear. “I know what fucking Uber is. You think I’m ignorant. You’ve been on my nerve since the beginning with your stupid box on the front seat.”
Julio is checking out the neighborhood to see if there are any witnesses around.
“Now you drop me off exactly at my home, or I’ll show you what a black woman is made of,” she leans over the front seat, takes the lunch box, and throws it on the car’s floor.
“That’s it,” Julio says and, fueled with explosive rage, immediately pulls the hand brake. He rushes to open the door. The door is half-open when he feels that some force is pushing him back. He realizes that the seat belt is still buckled. He gets angrier. He tries to unbuckle it. It is stuck. He is getting frustrated. He keeps pressing the button. Julio pulls on the belt with all his strength. His face is all red.
“Damn!” Exhausted and out of breath, he gives up and leans back in his seat, breathing rapidly.
“Show compassion to someone sitting right next to you,” Jesus said when Julio was struggling with the seat belt, “or better show it to someone you don’t know, or even better someone you do know but don’t like. It is easy to forgive the forgivable. It, however, takes a big heart to forgive the unforgivable…” Tears clog Jesus’s throat. There is a moment of silence.
Julio is breathing slowly now, thinking about what he just heard from the podcast. “I suppose I can do that,” he mutters. 
“What?” Roma says with the same aggressive tone, but it is obvious that she is now scared of what Julio is capable of.
Julio gently shuts the door and releases the emergency brake. “Where is your home, you said?” he says calmly. Roma’s rudeness no longer triggers his temper. After a few moments that he gets no response, he glances at Roma through the front mirror. She, mouth half-open, is sitting there motionless, staring at him.
“Sis,” Julio calls her with the friendly title. That brings Roma back to attention.
“Ah… Yeah… Ah… down this alley. Right before those apartments.”
“Do you need some water?” Shaq asks Jesus on the podcast.
Jesus clears his throat and continues. “I’m good. I’m good. It takes a big heart to forgive the unforgivable, but I promise you, you’ll receive the reward right away; not in the other world, but here in this damned, cruel life, you’ll receive the reward right away; the invaluable, priceless sense of peace in your heart. I promise you that. I might not be the promised one, but take this promise from the un-promised. Forgive and fly.”
“Is here good?” Julio asks Roma.
“Yes. Thank you,” Roma says politely, a tone of embarrassment obvious in her voice.
Julio stops the car. “Alright. Take it easy, Sis.”
“Thank you,” she says with a humble tone and opens the door. One foot out of the car, she turns back to Julio again. “Sorry for the lunch box,” Roma says that without directly looking into Julio’s eyes.
“That’s OK,” he replies with a generous tone.
Roma smiles, takes the sugar can, gently shuts the door, and walks away.
The car’s engine is still on, but Julio is not leaving yet, reflecting on what Jesus’s words. He watches Roma walking toward the entrance door of the apartment complex. “Yep, that does feel good,” he says after taking a deep breath.
Julio cracks up with laughter when the seat belt buckle releases by itself.

“Crystal, come and help Mommy,” Roma shouts, standing at the door of her apartment.
Crystal was back home the dawn after the night she escaped. There are symptoms of black bruises on her hand. It might be due to something that happened when she was out on the streets or the result of the punishment that she received from Roma after coming back home. Anyhow, she has forgotten about that already, as kids do.
Crystal is playing with Malcolm, her brother, when Roma calls. The game is called Never-Fall, an invention of Crystal. The rule of the game is that the balloon should never touch the floor. The players would hit below it to go back up every time it is falling again. Although the game has two players, Crystal is the only one who is actually playing since she is taller and thus always the first to hit the balloon. Malcolm enjoys sharing the excitement of the game. Or perhaps he actually believes that if he keeps playing at some point he might also get a real shot at hitting the balloon.
Crystal hears her mother calling her. “Don’t touch my balloon,” she tells Malcolm while showing the balloon to him. She then puts it in the center of the desk, where Malcolm’s little arms cannot reach. She playfully hops toward Roma at the entrance door.
“Come on, honey, put this sugar can in the kitchen.”
Mom sounds strangely nice today, Crystal thinks and takes the sugar can. She immediately feels its heavy weight.
“Be careful,” Roma warns as watches her kid slowly taking the big sugar can to the kitchen. Her eyes still on Crystal, she starts untying her shoes.
Malcolm in the meanwhile has managed to reach the balloon. Seizing the moment, he starts playing the Never-Fall game by himself, except that this time he actually gets to play.
Crystal pulls up the heavy sugar can and manages to put the bottom of it on the corner of the kitchen counter. She is pushing the top to make it straight when she hears Malcolm enjoying playing with the balloon. “Don’t touch my balloon,” she yells and rushes toward Malcolm.
“Crystal, No,” Roma shouts. The still unstable sugar can falls on the ground, and half its sugar spreads all over the dirty floor.
Crystal is scared to death. Run Crystal, Run, is the immediate thought that comes to her. She looks at the door that is blocked by Roma’s giant body. Roma slowly closes the door behind her. The only door for Crystal to escape through is now shut. This is the end, the seven-year-old girl thinks. Out of solutions, she just stands there staring at Roma. Her heart is beating fast. Her body is about to get some beating too.
Roma slowly approaches Crystal. She bursts out crying when she sees the giant above her. Eyes shut tight, she covers her wet face with her little hands. One, two, three, she counts, but nothing happens. She gathers her courage to peep from the corner of her eye. To her surprise, her mom is sitting on the floor. Now almost the same height as Crystal, Roma appears less scary. 
“It’s OK, honey,” Roma says with a kind tone that was alien in their home.
Although still confused, Crystal feels safer to open her eyes but keeps the hands up, just in case.
“Are you hurt? Let me see your hands.”
Crystal’s cry settles quickly. Who is this alien in my mom’s body, she wonders. She lowers her hands, showing them to the alien.
Roma holds them.
“They look OK,” Roma says while caressing the little hands. “Why are you crying then?”
“The sugar,” Crystal says and points to the sugar spread on the dirty floor.
“I guess now we’ll have our coffees with milk, or with salt.”
Crystal giggles. Roma smiles too.
“Will you help mommy clean this up?”
Crystal nods while smiling.
Roma tries to recover the rest of the sugar that is still in the sugar can. Crystal excitedly runs toward the closet to bring the vacuum. She passes by Malcolm playing with her balloon. She is not happy about it but does not say anything either. She takes the vacuum from the closet and shuts its door.
BOOM.
Crystal turns and finds her favorite toy, the very essence of the Never-Fall game, the balloon, has burst after falling on the sharp knife on the table. Malcolm is standing there with highly-dilated, fearful eyes, watching her sister. After all, he was warned not to play with her balloon.
Crystal puts the vacuum down and approaches her little brother.
Unable to move, Malcolm raises his little hands to cover his face.
Before reaching him, Crystal bends and picks up the corpse of the burst balloon. Holding it before her eyes, a genuine sadness covers all her face. She then focuses on her little brother that is trying to protect his scared face with his little, feeble hands. She does not know why, but she feels concerned about her brother, even more than about herself and her balloon.
Focused on Malcolm’s frightened face, an idea occurs to her. Putting the rubber body in front of her lips, she sucks in the air, closes her lips, and twists the rest of the rubber to trap the air. She brings the small balloon out of her mouth and shows it to Malcolm. “Look. Can you do that?”
“Me. Me. Me.” Malcolm jumps up and down to participate in the new game invented by Crystal.
“Here, you play until I finish vacuuming.” Crystal offers her new invention to Malcolm, who seems quite excited. She goes back and picks up the vacuum. As she passes by, she watches Malcolm’s failed yet persistent attempts to replicate what Crystal did with the rubber. A new source of happiness discovered deep in her heart, the seven-year-old girl smiles.
Mr. Morgan
“What the hell do you want me to do?”
Morgan shouts in the Bluetooth hands-free headset connected to his iPhone. His free hand holds a cigarette, on which he takes frequent drags as if it is giving him the oxygen he needs to breathe. The other hand on a big calculator with giant keys, he keeps pressing the Enter key, hoping for a miracle. The large negative number on the LED screen, however, does not change.
The calculator is placed on a pile of receipts. One would think such a big business must have gone paperless by now, but Morgan is old-school and resistant to new technologies. He started his career from zero, selling used cars. To this day that he has built an empire with his bare hands, he still has not managed to detach from his old ways of running a small business.
“Yes, Charles, I do know the terms of the fucking loan, but you gotta give me a break here. I am trying everything to bring the park back to its full capacity after that fucking incident, but these things take time. People don’t even come near the park anymore. You know better than me that marketing is a slow—”
“Jesus, we got a problem. Over.” Kathy, from reception, says over the radio.
“Hang on a second, Charles.” Morgan’s attention is grabbed by overhearing the unexpected radio conversation.
“Jesus here. What’s up? Over,” Jesus responds over the radio. Morgan leans toward the radio handset to listen more closely.
“Your fans again, but a lot. There are too many this time. Over.”
“Alright! Coming over. Over.”
Morgan hurriedly snatches the radio handset. “Jesus, Jesus, this is Morgan. Can you hear me? Can you hear me?”
There is a long moment of silence, which is killing Morgan.
“Yes, Morgan,” Jesus says finally over the radio. “Jesus is here. Over.”
“Stay put. I repeat. Stay put. Do not leave your post. Got it?”
“But people are waiting for me. Over,” Jesus says after an awkward silence.
“Charles, I’ll call you back,” Morgan says over the phone and hangs up without waiting to hear Charles’s goodbye. Putting the iPhone in his pants pocket, he grabs the radio handset and runs outside his office.
“Kathy. Keep them waiting. I’m coming,” Morgan says over the radio as he is running toward the gate.

Morgan, the radio handset in his hand, excitedly runs toward the gate. His round belly is showing through his shirt, which is partly untucked. He is indeed not in good shape. He does not care either. He cannot care less about his appearance. All he cares about is the growth of his business and the number of zeros in front of his bank account number.
“Mr. Morgan, I’m a bit confused. Can I just go to the gate for five minutes? Over,” Jesus says over the radio.
“No.”
“Can you at least tell me why? People need me. Over.”
“No.” Before Jesus asks more questions, Morgan reaffirms his order using the only word he can say while running. “No… No… No…”
As he is approaching, he gets more excited by seeing the large crowd gathered behind the gate. Kathy has her head out the window, watching him approach. He reaches the gate, finally, red-faced and panting. Kathy is anxiously waiting for him to talk. He does want to talk but is out of breath. Breathing rapidly, he leans his hand on the wall. Kathy watches him regaining his breath.
“Talk to me,” Morgan says while he has barely gained his breath back.
“They say they want to talk to Reminder Jesus, the leader of the God-forgivers movement.”
A big smile slowly grows on Morgan’s face, although he is not sure what a reminder is—he actually heard remainder instead.
“Starting today, we sell only all-included tickets. Got it.”
“Sure!” Kathy affirms confusedly.
Morgan leaves his radio handset with Kathy and, with the greedy smile on his face, goes through the staff door next to the gate. Still not sure what Morgan is up to, she follows him with her gaze. He approaches the reception counter and jumps on it. Or this is what he attempts, but he is not in good shape for such a move. Kathy is all shocked. Morgan’s struggle to get on the counter attracts some attention. Some of the visitors turn and watch him struggle. The others are still murmuring.
His iPhone cracks when it falls out of his pocket on the ground, but he is too excited to care about that. With a bit of help from Kathy, he finally manages to get on the counter. He tries to keep his balance while standing up on the counter. The murmur has almost stopped. Most people have now turned to him, watching curiously.
Morgan opens his arms like when Moses did when he parted the sea.
“Pilgrims,” Morgan shouts, “Welcome to the land of Remainder, Prophet, Guru Jesus.”
Messiah Show
‘Messiah Show’
The fresh paint says that on a hand-written sign that points to the center of the adventure park. The other signs, made of Aluminum, point in different directions. The carved words on them say: Carousel, Pendulum Ride, Pirate Ship, Roller Coaster, and Zip line.
The park is crowded again. Not at its full capacity yet, but thanks to the popularity of the Messiah Show many people spend their leisure time in the park. The carousel ride, almost filled with happy children, circles with inspiring music. The Pirate Ship still runs half-empty, but there is now a line before the Roller Coaster.
The least busy line is for the zip line with only two people waiting in it. It takes time for people to forget the tragedy of Vincent’s death and trust the zip line again. Jesus and Paul are no longer operating the zip line. Morgan has given them a raise and has reassigned them to run the Messiah Show instead.

Omar operates the Pendulum Ride. His recently shaved head along with the long beard gives him the look of a fighter. He is proud of that.
Being agitated, his attention is barely on his work. He instead watches the large crowd that have gathered around Jesus. They are quite far, and Omar cannot hear what Jesus says. But it would not make a difference either. This is the popularity of Jesus that Omar finds resentful, irrespective of the content of his words.
“Are you alright, buddy?” Omar’s colleague, Cheng, asks him with a friendly tone after noticing his lack of attention to safety.
Omar turns his look away from the crowd around Jesus and looks at Cheng’s friendly yet concerned face. He stares at Cheng for a few moments. “No. No, I’m not,” he says finally and leaves his post without saying another word.

“Suzy, can you send someone to cover Omar? Over.” Omar hears Cheng saying that over the radio.
“Why? Where the hell is he? Over.”
The radio is silent for a few moments.
“Ah…, I think he doesn’t feel well? Over.” Omar hears Cheng saying that, finally. Turning off the radio, he dials on his cell phone, while walking toward the entrance gate.
“Frank,” he says on the phone, “I’m in. Call me when you get the message.”
“Thank you, America,” an upset visitor says sarcastically after Omar shoves the man out of his way.
Omar does not care. He is all agitated and zoned out, walking against the flow of many people who are entering the park—most of them to attend Jesus’s Messiah Show.

Omar reaches the park’s entrance gate and exits through the door that says ‘Staff Only’ on it. Still wearing the park’s vest, he walks toward the staff’s parking lot that is right next to the entrance gate.
Noticing the vest on Omar, a young couple approaches him to seek help. The boy, Karl, wears a T-shirt and shorts, which show his big biceps and also thin thighs. The girl, Sharon, wears a sexy, blue tank top and light green hiking shorts. A golden, heart-shaped necklace, shining on her white chest, grabs Omar’s attention right away. He, however, tries to ignore them by looking away.
“Excuse me,” Sharon says politely as Omar gets closer to them. “Might you have a map of the trails?”
Omar does not stop, still avoiding eye contact. “Not for whores,” he says while walking right through the couple.
“What?!” Sharon is shocked by the uncalled-for insult.
Ignoring that, Omar keeps approaching his monstrous-looking motorcycle at the corner of the parking lot.
Sharon looks back at her man, Karl, expecting him to do something. Karl is a bit afraid of confrontation, especially with a crazy-looking guy of Omar’s size. He stays put, gulps in fear, makes his voice deep like Sylvester Stallone, and says: “Hey. What’s your problem?”
“Fix your woman, you pimp!” Omar responds right away without turning back and starts unlocking his motorcycle.
“Ah, well, ah… Fuck you.”
Sun reflecting off his shaved head, Omar furiously turns and gives Karl an intimidating look. Fire pours out from his raging eyes.
“Or… Or not.” Karl takes a step back, scared, almost hiding behind Sharon.
Omar sneers and turns back and sits on his motorcycle.
“We’ll report you to your supervisor, you know,” Sharon says in a quavering voice, standing in front of her man.
Omar takes his park vest off and angrily throws it on the ground. He ignites the engine of his monstrous motorcycle. Starting with a loud roar, it exhales thick smoke from its exhaust.
Sharon with sad eyes watches Omar leave. She, still in shock, still cannot believe what just happened.
Omar being gone, Karl feels braver, approaches Sharon, and touches her on the shoulder. “Are you OK, babe?”
As soon as Karl’s hand touches Sharon’s shoulder, she turns and walks away from him.

The astonishing nature around the amusement park is a hiker’s heaven. But it is going to be difficult for Sharon and Karl to find the trailheads without a hiking map. Hiking being the activity that truly amuses them—her, to be accurate as Karl is just tagging along—she has little to no interest in the amusement park itself.
Given the bad experience with Omar, they are less encouraged to ask the other operators about a hiking map. Wandering in the park, they look for one of the trailheads when they notice a large gathering at the center of the park. That is unusual for an amusement park, Sharon thinks. Out of curiosity, she approaches the crowd, and Karl naturally follows her.
As they get closer, they can hear Jesus’s voice through the speaker. That is the Messiah Show that they are witnessing. It is basically the same, old, informal preaching sessions that Jesus used to hold at the entrance of the park, but now at a much larger magnitude thanks to capital investment by Morgan.
Paul is walking among the crowd, spreading flyers. He takes a good look at each person before handing them. It is as if he cherry-picks the audience.
“Excuse me! Can you explain this quote?” a sweet, old lady with thick eyeglasses asks Paul.
Paul’s look, however, is locked on something else. “Yeah, sure. No problem.” He responds without even turning to the old lady. He then walks away and leaves the lady bewildered with the flyer in her hand.
Sharon joins the crowd, her eyes glued on Jesus. Karl follows her.
Jesus, a microphone attached to his collar, is standing on the platform in the middle of the grass field. Circled around him, a large, enthusiastic crowd is sitting on the grass, attentively listening to his familiar, yet refreshing words. They have come here to see with their own eyes the owner of the voice they heard on Shaq’s Common Sense podcast.
“Exercise compassion and discover the heaven on earth. The heaven to which you are the creator with your good deeds. Forgive and show clemency. Every time you do, a sense of peace grows in your heart. Do it and feel it. Call me a liar if you didn’t. Don’t forgive people because they deserve to be forgiven; forgive them because you deserve to be the forgiver. Your heart needs offering forgiveness; don’t deny it from your heart. You are given the chance, take it. Take it for your heart.”
Karl notices that Sharon is absorbed in Jesus’s speech as if she is hypnotized. She is not though. But Jesus’s words have indeed left an impression on her; on Karl, not as much.
Paul, a big chunk of fliers still in his hand, is now sitting with one of the visitors, going through the details of the flyer. The visitor is a pretty, twenty-year-old girl with a white tank top and a short skirt. The old lady with thick eyeglasses passes by them.
It Is On
Where is that pretty girl?
Sally thinks that when regretfully looking at herself in the mirror of the tiny bathroom of her cheap studio apartment. She tries to stretch the wrinkled skin under her eyes to remind herself of the old days. The skin wrinkles again the moment she removes her finger. A deep sadness resurfaced on her eyes, her vision gets blurry. She unsuccessfully fights the tears that are welling up in her eyes. Her sobs are about to follow when she hastily opens the door to the medicine cabinet behind the mirror, which is filled with medicine containers of different sizes and colors. The toothbrush and toothpaste seem irrelevant among those many drugs.
A couple of containers fall when her shaky hand touches them until she reaches the red one with the word ‘Caution’ printed on it with large black letters. To her, however, the emphasis is more of an invitation to be incautious. She hurryingly takes one large capsule from the container and swallows while still sobbing. It hurts without water. She closes the mirror door of the medicine cabinet and leans forward to drink water from her bathroom sink. 
Sally closes the tap but has no rush to stand up and face herself in the mirror again. Who wants to see that miserable face anyway? she thinks. Jesus does, that is who. This is the response that gives her the strength to stand up again. In the mirror, she sees her face covered with tears.
She wipes the tears off her face while staring at herself in the mirror. No, this is not the time to feel sorry for yourself, she thinks. This is the time to go out there and actually do something. You have been looking for a reason to live, and now you got it. Yes, you are the one. Jesus is sick, and you are the cure. Go, girl. You still got it.
Refilled with confidence, she takes the lipstick from her spacious makeup bag and applies it to her lips. It is as red as blood.
This Is War
Morgan licks his lips.
It is a hot, dry day in the park. There is no trace of the piled up receipts on his desk.
Lain down on his couch, next to the radio handset, he does accounting with his giant calculator. The positive number on his calculator’s screen increases each time he presses a button. He is so ecstatic that he looks more like a drunk. He chuckles once in a while for no obvious reason.
His concentration breaks by the voice coming over the radio.
“Mr. Morgan,” the hysterical voice says, “they’re coming. They’re coming. Over.”
“Morgan here, Kathy. Who’s coming?”
“The police. The police are coming.”
Morgan lowers the radio handset and thinks for a second. He is trying to figure whom he has not paid and who might be behind this invasion. “Goldman?” he wonders. “No, that son-of-a-bitch would not dare to cross me. It must be that asshole Chase, but I paid him already.” Out of ideas, he raises the radio handset near his mouth again.
“Kathy. Whatever happens, don’t let them in. I repeat. Do not let them in. I’m coming over,” Morgan says and rushes to his desk.
“I don’t think I can. Over,” Kathy says with a helpless voice over the radio.
“Try.”
Morgan takes his iPhone off his desk, searching through his address book on its cracked screen. After pressing on Joshua Hansen, he runs out the office while the phone is dialing.

The police cars stop in front of the gate. They bring so much dust with them that they create a battlefield feeling. Kathy, scared to death, is trying to see beyond the dust. Two huge guards, armed to the teeth, stand before the largest car. One of them opens the door. A short, high-ranking commander gets out of the car. The colorful medals have not left much space on his uniform. Without missing a beat, he points to a police officer that resembles a criminal who broke out of jail using the police uniform as a disguise. The officer shows respect to his commander and enters the reception office, kicking the door open. Kathy jumps off her chair. He throws a paper on her desk.
“We’ve got reports of illegal gathering of a terrorist group in this park by someone called Jesus Freeman,” the police officer says loudly to Kathy while his hand is on his holster. “This warrant permits us to enter. Open the gate immediately.”
“I… gotta… I… have to show it, ah… to… ah… to the park’s director,” Kathy says with a trembling voice. “Mr. Morgan will—”
“Now!” the officer shouts at Kathy with a merciless face while opening the button on his holster.
Kathy jumps back, shivering. She gulps in fear.
“Yes… yes, Sir. Yes.”
As her eyes are still on the officer, she leans forward and presses a green button on the wall. The gate is still closed. She pushes it again. Still does not work. She becomes nervous; pushes the button over and over.
“Jail is a difficult place for a pretty girl like you,” the officer says with a devilish smile while leaning toward Kathy.
“No, officer. I swear to God,” she responds hysterically as she bursts out crying. “The gate jams sometimes.” She nervously pushes harder on the button.
While taking out his gun, the police officer says, “Enough is eno—”
All sweaty and out of breath, Morgan enters the office with his hands raised. He has the radio handset in his one hand and the iPhone in the other. Everybody turns to him, including the police officer who also points his gun at Morgan. The white hands-free headset shines in his right ear. 
“I have the mayor on the phone,” Morgan says while breathing rapidly. “He wishes to speak with your commander.”
The police officer gets frustrated and cocks the gun while it is still pointed at Morgan. Kathy screams. “For the last time, open the goddamn gate, now,” he roars in rage.
Morgan, however, is quite relaxed. “You heard that Josh,” he says on the phone, “OK, one second.” He slowly lowers his iPhone and pushes a button on it. The officer follows that closely while pointing his gun at Morgan’s chest.
“They can hear you now, Mr. Mayor,” Morgan says.
The mayor’s voice is now playing through the speakers all over the park.
“Get on the fucking phone, Charles, or I’ll send you back guarding the damn zoo that you came from.”
The police officer’s hand is shaking now. He lowers the gun while looking back out the window. Charles Sakai, the commander, hastily runs into the reception, followed by the two huge guards. Holding his phone up, Morgan presses a button to disable the speakers. Charles runs over and snatches the iPhone.
“I’m here, Sir… Yes, Sir… No, no, no, we just… Yes, Sir.”
Morgan offers a condescending smile to the police officer, who gulps in shame while uncocks and holsters the gun.”
“No, Sir,” Charles continues over the phone. “I’m sorry, sir. I’ll be there in 15 minutes.”
Charles hangs up the phone, looks up, and notices Morgan holding the exit door open for them.
In Morgan We Trust
Morgan approaches the location of the Messiah Show. His shirt is still partly untucked from all the running. The last speech finished, most of the crowd is dispersing. Quite a few have circled around Jesus, asking him questions.
Paul is also helping two young girls, one in a black sports bra and yoga stretch pants, and the other wearing a light blue culotte dress. Quite engrossed in conversation, he does not even notice Mr. Morgan approaching. Jesus, however, sees that and excuses himself from the surrounding fans to join Morgan.
“Hey, Mr. Morgan. What was that all about?”
“You heard it over the radio, huh?”
“Radio? No, Paul takes care of the radio. I meant the speakers.”
“They were coming after you.”
“They?” Jesus sounds scared a bit. “Who?… Why?”
“Because you talk, young man. And because people listen.”
Jesus turns his worried look down.
“There is nothing to worry about,” Morgan reassures him while putting hands on his shoulder. “If they want to stop you, they have to go over my dead body first.”
“Aren’t they powerful people?” Jesus asks worryingly while looking up.
“So is Morgan,” Morgan replies with much confidence while sneering.
Religions United
They are late. The Hilton’s spacious conference room with a seating capacity of 35 people is almost empty. Only Hakham Abba and Guru Saj have arrived. Near the entrance door, they sit on the opposite sides, at the edge of the long conference table. There is a jug of water in between and a glass of water in front of each. Hakham Abba is a very old, skinny, Jewish rabbi with a long, white beard. Guru Saj is a short, old Hindu teacher with an Imperial mustache who leads the great temple of Kamakhya.
Guru Saj taps his fingers on the table. Hakham Abba clears his throat for the 100th time. Both are bored. Once in a while, they share an awkward moment when their gazes cross, but then, having nothing to say to each other, they both break the eye contact.
Father Kelly enters with a bottle of wine in his hand.
“Oh, Hakham Abba, Guru Saj. You’re here already.”
“We have been here since a long time ago,” Hakham Abba says sarcastically.
“Is that a Rolex?” Guru Saj gestures to the wristwatch on Father Kelly’s hand.
“Sorry about the delay,” Father Kelly says with a chuckle. “But it took time to find a Kosher wine.”
Father Kelly puts the wine on the table. Guru Saj, growing impatient, watches him searching his pockets. Father Kelly takes a small bible out of his pocket, and a corkscrew after that. Putting the bible back in the pocket, he sits at the conference table and starts opening the wine bottle with the corkscrew. 
“So, shall we start?” Guru Saj runs out of patience.
The wine bottle is open, finally. “Imam Zahed must show up any minute now,” Father Kelly says after taking a sniff at the wine. “God, I hate it when people are late.” He goes to pour some wine for Guru Saj. “Thank God for we have a good wine to make the waiting less painful.” He then leans toward Hakham Abba to pour wine for him.
Hakham, however, puts his hand on the glass.
“It’s Kosher.” Father Kelly is surprised.
“Not if it is handled by a non-Sabbath-observant Jew,” Hakham Abba responds firmly with an uncompromising tone.
Father Kelly raises his eyebrows, leans back, and pours wine for himself. “I gotta say, it’s really admirable that you are keeping a multi-thousand-year-old tradition alive.”
Imam Zahed enters—his big belly before him. “Sorry I’m late, but there was a matter that had to be dealt with urgently,” he says and sits next to Father Kelly.
Guru Saj leans forward and offers him a tissue.
Imam Zahed stares at the tissue, confused.
“You have some urgent ketchup on your shirt,” Guru Saj says with a sarcastic smile.
Imam Zahed is embarrassed, takes the tissue, and wipes the ketchup off his white shirt.
“Care for a drink?” Father Kelly asks Imam.
“Is it non-alcoholic?”
“No,” Guru Saj jumps in, “but it’s not handled by a Sabbath-observant Jew if it helps.”
“It… doesn’t,” Imam Zahed responds, confused about Guru Saj’s smile. “But ah… thanks anyway.”
“Alright,” Guru Saj says, “I think we have the majority now, population-wise at least. Why don’t we start? Father, how can we help to handle your problem?”
Father Kelly sneers. “With all due respect, Guru Saj, I believe this is our problem.”
“Well, it grows off your temple, I mean church.”
“Lots of his followers are actually ex-Hindus. So, excuse me if I—” “Gentlemen,” Imam Zahed breaks the fight. “I think we all agree that the peace of our equilibrium is being severely disturbed. It is in the best interest of all of us to save our youth from this corruption. No matter where it is started from and who mishandled it,” Imam Zahed says while pointing to Father Kelly, “it is now everybody’s problem.” Father Kelly does not like the subtle insinuation. “I mean,” he takes over, “if you… we let this cult grow, before the devil knows they will be growing like mushrooms everywhere.” “Alright, alright,” Guru Saj jumps in. “We hear you. We have a problem. What is your suggestion?”
Having all eyes on him, Father Kelly leans back with no response, taking a sip of the wine.
The leaders are now looking at each other to see who would go first. The dragging silence finally breaks with the noise Hakham Abba makes to extract a pill from its blister pack. People are now watching him slowly swallowing the pill and drinking water afterward. Watching Hakham Abba, Imam Zahed is inspired by an idea.
“You know, in some traditions, the false prophets would face the death penalty.”
“Yes,” Father Kelly says excitedly.
“Didn’t the same thing happen to Jesus Christ?” Guru Saj asks while facing Father Kelly.
The rhetorical question enrages Hakham Abba. “No,” he says while angrily slams the glass on the table, “That was the Romans.”
“Alright. Romans it is.” Guru Saj backs off right away. 
“I already talked to the Romans, I mean the mayor. He is backed up by powerful people.”
“Who? The mayor?” Imam Zahed asks.
“No, Jesus. Jesus Freeman.”
“By whom?” Guru Saj asks anxiously.
“What by whom?”
“Who is backing up Jesus?”
“Ah, Wyatt Morgan.”
“The merry-go-round guy?” Guru Saj asks condescendingly.
“Yep, That was my first reaction too. Apparently, his business has grown fast. Merry is not the only one who goes around for him now, if you catch my drift,” Father Kelly says with a sneer.
“Yeah, I heard his taxes cover half the city’s bills,” Imam Zahed interjects.
“That is outrageous,” Father Kelly continues. “Many of the regulars of my church waste their money there.”
“Yeah, mine too,” Imam Zahed confirms. “Only if they had spent the money for the mosque.”
Hakham Abba takes his cane and gets up to leave.
“Where are you going Hakham?” Father Kelly complains. “We still have a problem to solve.”
“Morgan is not a problem. He’s a solution.” Hakham says and starts leaving.
“On behalf of everybody,” Guru Saj says, “please do elaborate.”
“He is a businessman,” Hakham Abba says without turning back. “Offer him a good business proposal, and he becomes your closest ally.”
All inspired, the three leaders look at each other to see who goes first. Father Kelly breaks the silence, finally.
“Well, what if…”
And God Created Common Sense
“Jesus Freeman is nothing short of a con-man. Yet another opportunistic cult leader who abuses the naiveté of weak-minded people.” Shaq finishes reading and takes his finger off the Braille paper. “This is an excerpt from the article,” he continues, “signed by the leaders of all major religions and published in mainstream media including the Times and the Post. What do you have to say to them?”
Shaq does his 6th interview with now-bearded Jesus, taking place in the Common Sense Studio, also known as Shaq’s garage.
Jesus fights tears. The words he just heard really hurt him. The extent to which people go just to defame him is beyond his comprehension.
“Don’t they see I’m not asking anything in return? Didn’t all those religions, that those people presume their leadership, repeat everything I say? What I do is merely a reminder of what we all already know. We are just tricked to forget how big of a deal that is. Instead, we are trained to put emphasis on everything but the good deed. Anything that colors us differently than the guy on the other side. Anything that strengthens Us vs. Them mentality. And we call that identity. And we are taught to celebrate it, take pride in it, die for it, and kill for it.”
“Aren’t you afraid, Jesus?”
Sera also turns to Jesus, her face expressing interest in a heroic response.
“I always am,” Jesus says with a chuckle. “From what exactly?”
“They won’t let you get away with this.”
“They? Who’re they?”
“They’ll come after you. They’ll come with all their power.”
“What did I do?” Jesus asks, confusion apparent in his tone.
“Let this blind man prophesy for Jesus,” Shaq says and leans toward him. “For every man who listens to you, for every woman who supports you, there will be one less paying follower from their herd. That is the source of their powers that you’re messing with. That is the guarantee of their existence that you are making it expire. Don’t you have a fear of how far they would go to stop you?”
Sera watches him closely. Jesus is scared as any ordinary man would.
“I…,” Jesus says hesitatingly before swallowing his spit. He is terrified, and he does not hide it. “I don’t know. Do you?”
Shaq chuckles. He hears the loud, monstrous sound of a motorcycle approaching.
“Messiah would have no fear,” Shaq says, “but, you are no Messiah.”
Sera mouths the words.
“You are not the son of God, or a sinless saint, or a superhero. You’re just Jesus; just another black reminder.”
Jesus watches Sera mouthing the words. What Shaq said has reached some place deep in his heart, igniting some repressed feelings.
A Molotov cocktail is hurled through the garage’s half-open door. Her back toward the door, Sera does not notice that at first. Jesus does. Taking Sara’s hand, he jumps with her to the other side of the garage. The fire erupts.
“Shaq,” Sera screams while lying on the ground. Shaq is stuck behind his desk and has little to no mobility. Jesus gets up and takes a blanket to throw it on the fire that is spreading around Shaq.
BOOM!
Before he throws the blanket, the paint cans that were stacked next to Shaq explode. Half the garage is now on fire. If it were not for the blanket, Jesus would probably have died from the explosion. The waves of the blast throw him back on the ground.

Jesus hears a high-pitch ring in his ears. He has lost the sense of direction. After a few seconds, he hears Sera crying and calling Shaq. Following her voice, he finds Sera through the thick smoke. He crawls on the ground and tries to pull Sera aside to a safe distance. She does not stop calling Shaq. Turning back, Jesus looks through the fire and finds Shaq burning in silence. The fire is too strong and impossible to approach.
Jesus looks around and notices a fire extinguisher in the corner. Without missing a beat, he runs over, takes it, aims the nozzle at Shaq, and squeezes the trigger.
The fire is only partly settled around Shaq when Sera runs toward him. Jesus aims the nozzle at the nearby fire to kill it before it catches again on Shaq and now Sera. The last bit of fire is near the half-open door of the garage. Jesus kills that before rolling up the door to let the smoke out.
Out of breath, he notices that he cannot hear Sera anymore. He slowly turns and finds Sera crying in silence, sitting next to Shaq’s body, holding his head in her arms. He approaches them with fragile steps. He still cannot see Shaq’s face. He gets closer. He is about to see Shaq’s face when Sera’s scream bursts out.
Karma
Three young, athletic men hike at a leisurely pace on the steep trails around the park, which is covered by smooth dirt. The beautiful nature around the Eden Adventure Park actually used to be more popular than the park itself. Despite the popularity of the zip line since Mr. Morgan took over, there are still many people who come here for hiking the creek, to enjoy the breathtaking views of the desert and also challenge their hiking skills.
The route is uphill and the exhausted hikers can barely drag their muscular body up. One of them who is beefier stops.
“I give up.”
“Come on, man. We’re almost there.”
“You said that half an hour ago. This is impossible.”
“Damn. I get no bars,” he says, looking at his phone.
“No service here,” Omar says. Holding two heavy hand weights, he runs past the three athletic hikers, leaving them in shock.
“What the hell?”
“How could he run uphill so fast?”
“Did you see the weights?”
“Indeed, I did. Monster!”

The scorching sun reflects on Omar’s shaved head. Although the trail is flat now and much easier to hike, he is no longer running. All sweat, he slowly walks the flat trail, moaning after each step.
Stopping to take a breath, he lets go of the hand weights. They fall on the ground. Following after them, Omar himself falls to his knees and crunches, pushing on his stomach. He then leans back and takes a couple of deep breaths. He is cleaning his forehead that is soaked with sweat when everything gets blurry. Omar blinks a couple of times and then tries to open his eyes widely. It helps a bit. He can see clearly now. He picks up the hand weights and continues running.
Before he finishes the fourth step, he falls to his knees and throws up. Some of the vomit sticks to his long beard. He barely finishes taking a couple of deep breaths, when he throws up again, this time the entire contents of his stomach. His beard is all mixed with vomit, but being in tremendous pain, he cannot care less about it now.
Taking labored breaths, he stares at his vomit. What did I do to deserve this? he ponders. After being in the same state for a while, he comes to the realization that he cannot go on like this. He leaves the weights there and tries to finish the trail with very slow, fragile steps.
The pain in his left leg that he tries to ignore is getting more and more unbearable. The spasm is fracturing his bones, little by little. Not being able to walk anymore, he sits on the ground and takes his left shoe off while groaning from the intense pain. His toes are all contracted from the cramp. Walking with such feet would be torturous if not impossible. Yet, he still has a long way to reach the trailhead. He looks back to see how far he has gone since the contraction started. The pile of vomit is just a few feet away with flies having a party around it.
The pain of the cramp is getting worse and worse. Having lost his hope, he just leans back and lies on the trail, trying not to look into the sun directly. The moment his head rests on the ground, he passes out from the excruciating pain.

The sound of a kid singing wakes up Omar. Fighting to keep the eyes open, he crunches his head up. An eight-year-old Caucasian boy is approaching. His mother, who is wearing Hijab, is a few steps behind him. Omar smiles.
“Mom, why is he sleeping here?”
Turning her gaze onto the vomit and the flies around it, the mother recoils in disgust.
Raising his shaking hand toward the kid, Omar gathers his strength to ask for help. The first word is barely out when the mother arrives and pulls her kid away.
“Don’t get close, Hans. It could be contagious.”
She must have conveniently assumed that Omar will be fine. That is something that probably every mother would do. After all, the safety of her family is the most important concern on her mind.
Omar’s hopeless hand drops. A tear flows down his cheek as he leans his head back on the ground again. I would not be tolerating this damn pain if I was dead, he considers the thought.

The cramp has got much worse. The contraction is slowly fracturing the bones. In all his life, Omar has never found himself so miserable and helpless. He is watching the sky when Sharon, with the same blue tank top and light green hiking shorts, appears above him. She looks like an angel coming from the sky.
“Do you need help, Sir?”
Omar recognizes her but cannot tell if Sharon remembers him too. Being in agonizing pain, he barely can talk. In desperate need of help, Omar points to his contracted feet.
“We are late already,” Karl complains, sounding like he has recognized Omar. So must his girlfriend, Omar thinks.
“Oh, my God. This must be very painful. You’re probably dehydrated.”
Sharon takes her backpack off and takes out the only water bottle she had in there.
“You should take some water—”
“Honey, we should be going—”
“Shut up, Karl!”
“I’m going to add mineral pills to it. That helps with the cramp.”
Having no option but to trust Sharon, he shows consent by a blink. She immediately looks for the mineral pills in her backpack. She does not seem to be able to find them though.
“Karl, give me your mineral pills.”
“Ah… I’m not sure if I have anything left.”
“Karl!” Sharon shouts.
“You always do this. Fine. Fine. But remember that I warned you. Look who’s a pushover now.”
Karl brings over his pack of mineral pills while nagging her. He takes a disgusted look at Omar while extending the pink tube container. Sharon snatches it without looking at Karl. She adds one tablet into the water bottle and shakes it. She brings the bottle near Omar’s dried lips. He tries but barely can raise his head. Sharon helps him by holding his head in her arms like a merciful mother.
“Unbelievable,” Karl says before he looks away.
While drinking water, Omar is staring at the heart-shaped necklace that hangs from Sharon’s neck. The word ‘Love’ is carved on it.
Omar turns his mouth away and rests his head in Sharon’s arms. He sighs. It looks like life is back to his corpse again.
“How do you feel?” Sharon says while still holding Omar’s head in her arms.
“Better… much better… You can go now… I’ll be OK.”
“Are you sure? We can carry—”
“He says he’s OK,” Karl shouts from the back, “for God’s sake. I’m not carrying anybody.”
“It’s OK. My cramp is going away already,” Omar says and tries to move his toes. 
“Can we please go now?” Karl nags again.
“I’m OK,” Omar reassures Sharon.
Sharon gently retracts her arm and puts his head on the ground.
“I’m leaving the bottle here,” Sharon says and goes to join Karl. After a moment, she comes back again and puts the pink tube of mineral pills next to the water. “Just in case,” she says and leaves.
After all the selfless compassion that Sharon has shown, Omar should say something at the very least. But there is something in him that resists. He is having a battle inside. It is like he is stuck in a pit, and each time he tries to drag himself out, at the last moment, a monster grabs him and pulls him back down.
Omar finally makes his mind up.
“Thank you,” he says with a trembling voice.
Sharon and Karl are too far already to hear that. Feeling ashamed, Omar grabs the pink tube and puts it on his chest, near his heart.
The Church, Take 2
Meooooow.
The kitty objects strongly about the unkind treatment she has just received when Jesus kicks her away from the garbage bin. Half of his beard and part of his hair was burnt in the fire. There are traces of multiple burns on his face and on his hands that need medical attention.
Jesus is a bit different. He is meaner now after the traumatic death of Shaq. To him, Shaq was a father he never had, and watching him die before his eyes was a shock that Jesus has not recovered from yet. The eyes of once merciful Jesus are now screaming revenge.
Jesus turns and takes another look at the tall church that is gloriously standing there, across the sidewalk, looking down at him. The flames of anger shoot from his eyes.
“Let’s do this,” Paul reassures Jesus while putting his hand upon Jesus’s shoulder.
Jesus turns to Paul. He is glad that he has his right hand to help him get through these difficult times. Paul, who was his first follower, now has grown to an exemplary leader of the movement. If nothing else, Paul’s transformation is a testimony to the truth of my mission, Jesus ponders. He is my miracle; he is my proof, Jesus proudly thinks. Coming to the church was actually Paul’s idea. But it was not hard to convince Jesus given the traumatic state that he was in.
Paul offers his hand. Jesus makes up his mind and joins arms with him. With his support, Jesus gets up on the blue open top garbage bin. Although the small residential trash can is unstable, Jesus manages to maintain his balance on the rim with a bit of help from Paul.
Jesus looks at the church’s front door. He remembers Shaq’s face after it was burnt in the fire. That refuels his rage, and with that the stream of tears runs on his face. He takes a deep breath and screams at the top of his lungs.
“You don’t need God’s forgiveness. You are the one who should forgive God. Come. Come, my victim friends. Come outside, and let’s forgive God for…” He chokes on his sob. It takes a few moments for him to be able to talk again. “… for what He has done to us.”

The church people have come out and gathered in the churchyard, watching Jesus screaming in agony. Otto, Father Kelly’s nephew/assistant is standing at the front line. Father Kelly pushes through the people, comes to the front, and sees Jesus standing on the trash bin, screaming at church.
“That crosses every line of decency,” Father Kelly mutters with grinding teeth. He looks enraged and frustrated. Father Kelly notices Jesus’s shaking feet. Jesus is quite unstable, and it looks like he might fall in the garbage bin any second now. The more Jesus talks, the madder Father Kelly gets. He is like a barrel of gunpowder that only needs a small spark to fire off and unleash himself on Jesus.
“Pray no more, my children. Time to answer God’s prayers. Time to forgive. Let’s forgive Him for the pain and agony that we are born into.”
That is it, Father Kelly says, marching toward Jesus with clenched fists. Paul with crossed arms jumps in before Father Kelly can reach Jesus. The tall young man is nonchalantly chewing gum while staring down at Father Kelly. Father Kelly’s back hits Otto when he takes a step back.
“Sorry, Father,” Otto says. His face in shock, Father Kelly turns and looks at Otto. After a short conversation with Otto, he turns to Paul again.
Paul is extending his hand, flipping off Father Kelly. He never liked the church, but he always hated Father Kelly. He stopped going to church shortly after his puberty. This was the time that he realized the church is in the way of what he loves the most in this life; what he was gifted with; what he was born to do.
“You want me to call the sheriff, again? Or Imam Zahed?” Otto asks Father Kelly.
“No, that wouldn’t do. We need to do something worse. Something much, much worse.”
Otto is all ears.
“Call his mom,” Father Kelly says and pushes the crowd around to go back inside the church.
Otto is left there with a puzzled look. “His mother?!” he mutters.
Carousel
Due to medical emergencies, the Messiah Show is canceled for today.
It says that on a handwritten board that is installed where Jesus usually performs the show. Having come a long way to meet Jesus, Sally is quite disappointed. She has used all her faith to recollect the pieces of her shattered heart and stitch them together. Everybody deserves a last chance, and today she has come to claim hers.
She wears her expensive, navy dress, the color which Jesus used to love on her. She is feeling torn apart between the excitement of seeing Jesus again and the fright of how she might be received. She does not know if her stitched-up heart would have the strength to hold up through this pressure. If it were not for Ms. Freeman’s begging, it was impossible for Sally to take such a risk. But now, here she is, facing her chances. She has her pills in the purse just in case another anxiety attack kicks in.
An operator wearing the park vest passes by.
“Excuse me. Sir,” Sally says.
“Yeah.”
“Do you know where I can find Jesus Freeman?”
“The show is canceled. Can’t you read?” The operator says, pointing to the handwritten board.
“Yeah, but I’m not here for the show. It is a personal matter.”
The operator looks dressed-up Sally up and down.
“Are you sure you are not here to meet Paul?”
“No. Never. No. Jesus. I’m here for Jesus.”
“Alright, alright. He’s hanging over there, at the kids’ section.”
“Where exactly?”
“You’ll find him. He’d be the only guy with a bandage on his head,” the operator says while leaving.
“Bandage?!” Sally mutters.

Sally recognizes Jesus sitting on a plastic unicorn on the carousel, which looks like a thousand years old. No customer is there because the old, rusty carousel ride is under maintenance. Two technicians are working on it in the operator booth.
Excited to see Jesus, Sally is nervous about how she looks. She double-checks her appearance in her compact mirror. She takes the red lipstick out and re-applies it on her lips. She is now ready to face destiny. She can hear every beat of her heart.
As she is approaching Jesus, Sally notices the beard, and also the burns on his hand and face. That explains the bandage, she thinks. Soon, the unusual expression on Jesus’s face distracts Sally from the wounds. Although Jesus looks outraged, his tilted head and downturned mouth remind Sally of Friday evenings when he would be depressed for no obvious reason. Perhaps that is perfect timing; he would cheer up by seeing me, Sally wishfully thinks and steps on the entrance platform. The sound of high-heel shoes stepping on the wooden platform is quite noticeable.
Jesus turns to the sound and sees Sally standing there, offering a big smile. Showing no reaction, he just turns his head back. He must have lost his memory or something, Sally thinks.
“It’s me, Sally.”
“I know,” Jesus says with an indifferent tone, without turning his face. Although this is not the reaction that Sally was expecting, she manages to keep herself together. She tries to charm him with a compliment.
“I’ve heard your words. I think they’re cool.”
“Everybody does. Have you seen the size of my followers?” Jesus says arrogantly without turning to Sally.
Although her confidence is shaken, Sally attributes Jesus’s reaction to his condition. After all, there must be a story behind the injuries.
“What is the bandage for? What happened to your head?”
“Since when do you care?”
Jesus’s cold reaction is alarming to Sally. She puts her hand in the purse to make sure the pills are still there. That is my fault, she thinks. Why would I bring up bad memories of his injuries? Think Sally, think. Come on. Lighten up the mood. Some good memories. You can do this.
“Funny coincidence that I meet you here. This carousel brings a lot of good memories. Do you remember our first kiss here?”
“I remember your last spit, right on my face, after I kneeled and said I would die without you, and begged you not to leave.”
Lowering her gaze, her chin drops to her chest. Sally slaps her palm over her lips when she hears the word ‘spit’. She swallows hard against the lump in her throat.
“Listen,” she squeaks, “that’s actually why I’m here. I’ve made terrible mistakes in the past, but I’m here to make it up to you. I… I… I wanted to see if… you… our relationship, if you want to pick it up again and—”
“I forgave you a long time ago, you, your mistakes, and your wrongdoings. I’m over it. There is nothing left to pick up.”
That was the response that Sally was afraid of but harsher than she could have imagined. The Jesus she remembers was never mean. Tears well up in her eyes. She rushes for the pills in her purse.
“You don’t mean it,” she says after swallowing her spit. “I know you. These feelings never can completely go away—”
“But you surely can,” Jesus says and waits a moment for the cruel response to sink in.
A drop of tear escapes her left eye and flows down her face. She swallows the pill before it is too late. This was no Jesus talking. Neither the Jesus she knew one day, nor the Jesus she hears of from people. Where is that much cruelty coming from? Sally wonders. What is changed in him?
“I’ve forgiven you,” Jesus continues. “I don’t have any feelings for you. And you know what?” Jesus turns to Sally. “I don’t think I ever really did.”
“But you said you loved me,” Sally says with a sob of despair.
The music begins. The technicians have managed to start the carousel, finally. Jesus smiles like a happy child, opens his arms, and starts riding away on the plastic unicorn.
“It was right here,” Jesus hears Sally saying that as he is riding away. “You said I love you. What’s changed?”
An old, unresolved feeling of hatred resurfaces on his face.
“The many guys you fucked. The many dicks you sucked.”
“It wasn’t that many,” Jesus hears Sally shouting.
“One is too many,” he mutters while a tear escapes his eye. “One is too many.”
Name the Price
The park is quite crowded. From far away, one can see the concentration of the people at the center of the park, where many visitors are attending the resumed Messiah Show.
Father Kelly and Mr. Morgan are sitting on the balcony of the park’s cafe, which overlooks the entire park. There is a cup of hot chocolate before each, but none of them is touching his cup. They just keep staring at each other. It is like gun duels in western movies; each of the cowboys is waiting to see who reaches for the pistol first. Morgan cracks first and picks up the hot chocolate cup while his eyes are still on Father Kelly.
“So, how’s the business?” Father Kelly asks Mr. Morgan.
“Good. How’s yours?” Morgan says sarcastically and takes a sip of his hot chocolate while still looking up at Father Kelly. Father Kelly has no reaction but a nervous chuckle.
Morgan lowers the cup. A bit of whipped cream is around his lips.
“You got…,” Father Kelly points to the cream.
Without taking his eyes off Father Kelly, Morgan licks the cream with his tongue. It is gross. Father Kelly realizes that Morgan has no intention of being friendly.
“You know, Mr. Morgan,” Father Kelly chases to the point, “there are some serious concerns around some particular gatherings—”
“Yeah, you told the mayor, and the mayor told me, and I told him already to tell you what he must have told you.” Morgan, confident of his connections, shows no sign of leniency. “Anyone who tries to drive my customers away from the park,” he continues with a raised voice, “they have to—”
“Hey, hey. Relax, man. Relax. No one is taking your beloved customers. In fact, I am proposing to bring you more.”
Morgan’s attention is grabbed. He puts the hot chocolate cup on the saucer.
“I’m listening.”
Father Kelly leans toward him. “What do you say if our people come here, to your park, to attend the weekly mass?”
“The Sunday mass?”
“Sundays, Saturdays, and Fridays.”
“Fridays too?!”
“Imam Zahed has personally committed to that.”
Morgan’s eyes dilate. Picturing the future, he cannot contain his excitement. 
“We can build a multi-cultural center right at the zip line’s landing platform, with a restaurant, and… and an education center.”
“But without the Messiah Show.”
“Messiah, Peshiah. Who cares?”
Father Kelly makes a victorious smile, stands up, and extends his hand toward Morgan.
“Do we have a deal?”
Morgan jumps off his chair and pulls Father Kelly toward himself, hugging him tightly.
The Messiah Show is finished by now. While hugging Morgan, Father Kelly watches the Messiah Show attendees dispersing and leaving Jesus alone. “Bye-bye, Jesus,” he mutters.
Unforgiven
HONK.
The loud sound of the car horn brings Sally to attention. Standing at the edge of an overpass, she overlooks the busy freeway, staring at the cars that pass by her at a high speed. Her eyes are red. She is not crying now, but the black traces of the melted eyelash makeup on her cheeks suggest that she has; a lot. She steps over the fence.

Jesus has finished performing his Messiah Show. A group of his enthusiastic followers circles around him, asking questions. His wounds partly healed, he has taken the head bandage off.
“What would be your ten commandments?” a fan asks enthusiastically.
The crowd parts. An old man with a hunchback and a cane walks through them. His walk is slow and dragging. Jesus notices that but takes his eyes off him and turns to the fan.
“I have only one commandment. Forgive. That is the essence of all commandments. Everything starts with forgiveness,” Jesus says confidently with a big PR smile on his face.
By now, the old man is before Jesus. The fan moves away to give him space. The old man takes one step closer. After raising his head as high as he can, he looks up and spits on Jesus’s face. Paul gets furious and goes to punch the old man, only to be stopped by Jesus. The crowd is stunned, wondering if the old man is the devil himself.
“Forgive this if you can, asshole,” the old man says to Jesus.
No doubt he is the devil, a fan mutters.
Jesus wipes the spit off his face with his fingers and takes a close look at it. He then turns his look back to the old man.

Standing at the edge of the overpass, Sally steps over the fence. She takes a pill to calm herself down. It seems to work right away. She smiles. Turning to the sidewalk, she throws the pill container on it, and after that her purse. The smile turns to a burst of mad nervous laughter that sounds a bit evil.

“Your daughter did the same to me a long time ago—I guess it runs in the family,” Jesus says to Sally’s old father. “And that was the highest pain ever inflicted upon me. And I did it. I finally managed to forgive her. Forgiving you is not even a challenge by comparison.”
“She’s dead, you bastard,” Sally’s father says while resisting tears. “Do you understand? She’s dead. I swear to God, I’ll never forgive you for what you did to my daughter.”

Sally turns to the right as if someone is watching her closely.
Jesus is there, to her right! Not physically. But he can see Sally and she can see him.
Sally’s mad laugher stops. Tears are welling up in her eyes.
“I love you,” Sally says and jumps on the freeway.
“Nooooooooo.” Jesus’s scream accompanies her fall.

Jesus snaps back to attention. Sally’s dad is walking away.
“I didn’t do anything,” Jesus screams at him with a squeaky voice.
Sally’s father stops and turns back to Jesus. “Yeah, you didn’t, you bastard. You didn’t do anything.” He turns before he bursts out crying. “That’s why my daughter is dead.”
Jesus hears a high-pitch honk in his head. Holding his head between his hands, he falls to his knees.
ACT III
Ascension
The Eden Adventure Park is as empty as a plagued city. Helter Skelter looks like a tower that has remained from ancient Rome and might collapse in on itself any second. The pendulum ride has already fallen down. The pirate ship ride is split in half. Most of the roller coaster’s structure has crashed down; its cars have fallen off the rail and trapped in what is left of its structure.
The location of the Messiah Show is now a dry desert. The ground is cracked at every corner. Jesus himself is crucified at the center, where he used to preach to people. A light, refreshing breeze blows and brings life back to Jesus’s corpse. The breeze stubs up the cross from the earth, taking it to the sky. Jesus, a happy smile on his face, opens his eyes as he is ascending. Below him, the adventure park becomes smaller and smaller. Above him is a big, puffy cloud, through which the cross ascends.
There nothing on the cloud but a carousel. That is my favorite kind of heaven, Jesus thinks. The carousel is running without music, with only one rider. That is Jesus with a bandage on his head, happily sitting on the unicorn.
“I’m here to make it up to you,” Jesus, crucified on the cross, hears that from behind. He turns to the voice, and with him, the cross turns as well. That is Sally in her navy dress. Jesus loves this color on Sally. She looks ashamed. “I…,” she continues, “I… I wanted to see if… you… our relationship, if you want to pick it up again and—”
Jesus hears an inaudible response given by the guy sitting on the unicorn. Sally’s face is getting bigger and bigger, or Jesus is getting smaller, one of these two. Tears well up in Sally’s eyes. She must have heard something hurtful. By now, Jesus’s cross is as tall as Sally’s face.
“You don’t mean it,” Sally says after swallowing her spit. “I know you. These feelings can never completely go away—”
“But you surely can,” Jesus hears that from the guy on the carousel.
Tears split over and flow down Sally’s face. The pain of the world is reflecting on her wet eyes. Jesus cannot bear that. He wants to wipe the tears off her face, but his hands are nailed to the cross. He hears the indistinct voice of the guy on the carousel saying something to Sally. Whatever that is, it is tearing her apart. Jesus must caress her cheeks; this used to soothe her. He pushes his nailed hands as hard as he can. The nails tremble, and with that fresh blood pours down from them. All Jesus’s focus is, however, only on the pain on Sally’s face.
“It was right here,” Sally says as she bursts out crying. “You said I love you. What’s changed?” Her begging eyes are anxiously wishing for a response softened with a touch of mercy. The inaudible response of the guy on the carousel, however, sounds empty of that.
“Forgive me,” Jesus says while struggling to get his hands free from the cross. “Forgive me,” he repeats. “Forgive me. Forgive me. Forgive me.” The nails are almost loose now.
“It wasn’t that many,” Sally says with a hopeless tone, and her head falls down. Jesus finally detaches himself from the cross. Before he could reach Sally’s face, however, gravity reaches him and pulls him down with all its power.
“Forgiiiiiive meeeeeeee,” Jesus screams while falling to earth at a frightening speed. In no time, he can see the Eden Adventure Park. Not that goddamn park again, Jesus says and shortly after passes the zip line cable, plunging into the bottom of the creek, the same place that Vincent’s body has exploded into countless pieces.
The Last Goodbye
Jesus has fallen to his knees on Sally’s fresh grave. The funeral is almost finished, and the mourners have dispersed. A couple of close family members say goodbye to the last guests. They are all dressed up in black for the funeral, except for Jesus, who is in the same gray shirt he was wearing when he first received the news. He is not here just to show up, or offer condolences to her family. He is here because he had to see Sally’s face for the last time. And now that he has seen it, he does not seem to be able to say goodbye.
Using his fingers, Jesus combs the soil on Sally’s grave. He grabs some and brings it near his face. After staring at it for a long moment, he sniffs it. 
His cry breaks out when he rubs the soil on his face.
Jesus falls down on the ground. As his cry is getting louder and louder, he extends his hand over the grave. From the above, it looks like he is hugging Sally’s grave.
His eyes wet with tears, he sees a blurry image of Sally approaching. The image soothes him right away. Sally is in a nice, black dress. The crying stopped, Jesus blinks a couple of times, but his vision is still blurry. Sally comes right before him. Sitting at the other side of the grave, she puts her hand on his hand that is hugging the grave, and says: “It’s not your fault.”
Jesus can see clearly now. That is not Sally.
“I’ve heard what Arthur did,” she continues. “I don’t think that’s fair.”
Jesus looks closely at her face. She notices Jesus’s confused look.
“Oh, I’m Annie. Sally’s best friend. I don’t know if you remember me or not.”
“How can I ever forgive myself?” Jesus says and bursts into tears.
Annie has always liked Jesus. When Sally decided to break up with Jesus, Annie was the one advising her against that. But Sally had developed new dreams for her future; dreams so powerful that made the reality with Jesus unbearably boring for her.
“Come on now,” Annie continues, “hey, you shouldn’t blame yourself. Don’t listen to Arthur. What do you expect him to do? He has to blame somebody. He is just another old Fa—”
“Can you take me there?”
“Where?… Why? Are you sure?”
Jesus sits up.
“I need to feel her last moment. Please,” Jesus begs.
Annie is hesitant. She finds it hard to say no to Jesus’s begging eyes, but something tells her that this would be a bad idea.
There Will Be Blood
HONK.
Jesus is at the edge of the same overpass where Sally jumped off. He is on the sidewalk of the overpass, behind the fence, watching the cars on the freeway, which are moving at a dizzying speed.
He sees Sally in her last moments when he turns to the left. Sally turns to him. Her mad laughter stops and replaces with tears that well up in her eyes.
“I love you,” Sally says and jumps on the freeway.
“Nooooooooo,” Jesus screams as he watches Sally falling on the freeway.
HONK.
Jesus snaps back to attention, his face wet with tears. He takes one leg over the fence. From the side of the overpass, Annie yells, running toward him. Her voice, however, is lost among the loud freeway noise. Jesus ignores her and puts the second leg over the fence. She keeps shouting. Jesus looks down at the bottom of the freeway, ready to jump.
Suddenly, Jesus turns to the right, toward Annie. She must have said something that grabbed his attention. As Jesus listens to her, the sorrow slowly turns into fury. Annie arrives out of breath and falls to her knees. Jesus comes back over the fence to attend to her. Their conversation heats up.
Annie, sitting on the sidewalk of the overpass, takes a drug container out of her purse.
“This is one of the strongest in the market. It can take down an elephant.”
“Since when she’s taking these?”
“It’s been for many years now, shortly after she broke up with you. He dumped her after their first night. She’s been on drugs ever since.”
“Who is this bastard? I’m gonna kick his ass.” Jesus says, filled with unstoppable rage. He turns to Annie when he does not hear back from her. Annie is all surprised, her narrowed eyes gazing at Jesus.
“What?” he asks.
“You don’t know him?”
“How would I know such bastard?”
“He’s your right hand, your buddy, Paul. The front runner of good-doers,” Annie says sarcastically.
Time stands still for Jesus like never before. His world then suddenly crashes down on him. His eyes narrow.
As the freeway noise fades away, Jesus can slowly hear Paul’s laughter. Jesus then sees the image of his filthy face, laughing right into Jesus’s face. 
Feeling light, Jesus ascends to the sky. Paul follows Jesus with his gaze as his laughter gets louder and more evil.
Jesus is now right above Paul, who is standing on Sally’s grave. He can hear himself breathing like an angry bull. The grave under Paul’s feet suddenly opens, devouring Paul at once. His laughter stopped, Paul is now begging for help as he is falling deeper and deeper into an abyss.
HONK.
Jesus is back to attention, standing on the same overpass. A vein on his forehead has popped out. His eyes are screaming revenge. He has his teeth clenched together. A wind blows his beard toward the left. His left arm is extended over the freeway. A vein on his forearm has popped out. Blood is covering his wrist. Blood is pouring down from the nail that has pierced through his palm. Jesus clenches his fist angrily.

Black Jesus in the crucifixion painting has his fingers clenched over the nail that is pushed through his hands. He is furiously looking down at the two people who are standing below his cross. One is a young woman who ignores Jesus’s blood that is dripping on her scarf. She is flirting with a Roman soldier who has crucified Black Jesus. The Roman soldier’s face closely resembles that of Paul.
Fueled with the desire for revenge, Jesus repeatedly stabs the Roman soldier in the painting with the paint brush.
Thou Shalt Not Kill
Walking toward the zip line’s launching platform, Paul turns back. Although he smiles, it is obvious that he is suspicious of something. 
“Are you sure?” he asks while walking. “Why us? We run the Messiah Show now.”
Jesus, walking a few yards behind Paul, tries to avoid eye contact with him—or otherwise, his eyes would give away the hatred in his heart.
“Morgan said. He wants pros on it,” Jesus responds while looking at the ground. “He doesn’t want to leave any excuses for the inspectors.”
Only partly convinced, Paul turns back toward the zip line’s launching platform. After only one step, he stops and turns to Jesus again.
“Why now? The park is almost empty. Didn’t Omar and Nathan already do a full check on the zip line cables just two weeks ago?”
“Inspectors will come tomorrow, early morning. It’s supposed to be a surprise visit.”
Paul is barely convinced. However, before he gets a chance to continue questioning, Jesus passes by him and goes up the stairs, to the platform.
Paul is hesitant at first but then turns to the platform, following Jesus. It is better to get done with inspecting the cables before the sun sets, he thinks.
Jesus has put on the zip line harness. Facing the wall, he tightens the straps. Paul also reluctantly wears a harness. He then picks up the special zip line gloves. The operators use that to control the speed using their hands. The front of the glove is made of thick moulded leather, and once pushed against the cable, the friction will lower the speed. After putting his glove on, Paul turns to Jesus, who is impatiently waiting for him.
“You didn’t go first?” Paul asks Jesus, suspecting.
“You’re the heavy one.”
“Oh, yeah, of course,” Paul says and gets behind the launch gate. Sun is already conquered by the black clouds on the horizon, which are making their way toward the park. Right after Paul opens the gate, he feels a push on his back by the strong wind that blows from behind. He looks down at how deep the creek is. He has looked at that for a thousand times before, but it has never scared him, not like this. He is suddenly pushed forward.
“Chop chop,” Jesus says from behind.
Paul turns back and takes a last look at Jesus. This time Jesus does not avoid the eye-contact. Hatred is pouring down from his eyes. Paul offers a smile. Jesus does not. Paul gulps in nervousness and mounts his pulley and after that the safety rope on the zip line cable. From the corner of his eyes, he still can see Jesus, who picks up something from the shelf and hides it in his vest pocket. Paul puts his gloves on the cable and slowly moves forward. Jesus follows him shortly after but without using the gloves to control the speed.
BAM!
After a few seconds, Paul is HIT in the back with the bottom of Jesus’s heavy-sole boots.
“JESUS!” Paul screams in fear. He is pushed down for a few feet before he manages to stop again using his gloves. Sparks are thrown from the friction of the glove against the cable.
Paul is stopped, the color drained from his face. While breathing rapidly, he turns and looks at Jesus.
“Oops,” Jesus says, making an indifferent face.
His heart still beating fast, Paul gulps in fear.
“OK. Let’s exercise extra caution hereafter.”
“Sure,” Jesus responds with a non-reassuring tone.
The black clouds are rushing over. Paul wishes he did not agree to this inspection, but now is too late anyhow. From now on, the only way out is going down the zip line. 
“OK. We can do this,” Paul says with a trembling voice, lowers the glove pressure on the cable, and slides forward. Jesus follows him closely.
Paul looks down. The creek, deeper than ever, looks horrifying. To distract himself from the fearful situation that he is in, he tries to start a conversation with Jesus. It would lighten up the mood as well, he thinks. The raging, black clouds are not far away.
“I was thinking about this good deed thing,” Paul says, “It’s really cool. I think it’s really something. It has many layers and dimensions, and… and facets. I think we could expand on it more, maybe at least for six or seven episodes. The visitors would love it. We can give them the exact list of bad deeds and good deeds. Just last night, just last night, a girl asked me about this. Oh, bro, what a girl, and what a smoking body. I liked her face too—”
BAM!
“Fuck!” Paul yells.
Something has hit Paul in the back very hard. Having lost control, he is quickly gaining more and more speed. He pushes the gloves against the cable as hard as he can. Sparks are tossed from the grinding of the glove against the cable. The excessive heat passes through the leather and burns his hand’s skin. As hard as it is, he finally managed to stop.
Paul is breathing rapidly that he hears a weird sound from behind. He turns. Jesus is right behind him, opening Paul’s safety straps.
“What the hell are you doing?” Paul yells while taking his glove off the cable to throw a punch. The last strap snaps, and he plummets before the punch reaches Jesus.
“NOOOOO.”
Paul falls but only for two yards, hanging by the safety rope. There is a reason that operators always use that.
“Are you out of your fucking mind?” Paul shouts at Jesus while looking up at him.
THUNDER ROARS.
Teeth grinding and jaw clenched, Jesus looks like an unstoppable zombie. His eyes are screaming revenge. A vein on his forehead popped out, he breathes rapidly. Jesus takes a knife out of his vest pocket.
Paul realizes that tough talk is not helping him here. “For God’s sake, Jesus. This is me, Paul, your right hand.”
Ignoring Paul’s begging, Jesus starts cutting the safety rope. Paul has to think of something, and it has to be fast.
“No, bro. I’d die. That’s murder. Listen to me. Is that what Jesus would do? Is killing a good deed?”
“Sure, it is,” Jesus says finally with grinding teeth without looking at Paul. “You just need to find the right piece of shit that you take joy sending it down to hell.” Jesus keeps cutting the safety rope.
Facing his last moments, Paul bursts into tears like a little child. “Whatever I did, I’m sorry, bro. Where is forgiveness now? Where is your mercy now?”
Paul is looking down at the bottom of the creek when a rope appears before his face. He stops crying, but the sound of crying does not stop. He grabs the rope immediately and hangs on to it with all his strength. He looks up when a tear drops on his hand. The black clouds let go of their rain, finally, and all at once. It is now Jesus’s turn to cry a river.

Having dropped all their rain, the clouds’ short reign on the sky is over. The sun nevertheless is setting anyway. Jesus and Paul are at the landing platform, all soaked. Sitting on the ground, Paul shivers while hugging his knees. Jesus is sitting at the edge of the cliff, staring at the bottom of the creek. It looks unsafe.
“When did you meet my Sally?” Jesus asks Paul without looking back.
“Listen, I didn’t know she is going psycho, honest to God. I mean, she was leaving messages almost every day, but I figured she’s just crazy. Most of them get it after you ignore them a couple of times. But she keeps sending messages like a psycho. I was getting scared of her, to be honest.”
“Was not a few enough for your royal dick? Did you have to fuck everybody?”
“At first it was,” Paul says shamefully and turns his head down. “I was even happy with only one. But it didn’t take long to figure the dark secret: that the more you treat them like shit the more they come to you. Once you have the knowledge, then it is a matter of choice; and my penis chose to be happy.” Paul takes his eyes off his crotch and looks up again. “Don’t get me wrong; My heart wanted to be happy too. But if history has taught us anything is that it’s not gonna happen, not at least to most of us. So, I chose the happy penis, it was simpler, more accessible, and… you know, less risky. That is a natural choice. Anybody else in my place would do the same. Blame the game, not the player. You cannot be mad at me.”
“I’m mostly mad at myself, for being such an idiot letting trash like you join the awakening.”
“Oh, please. What awakening?” Paul asks with a sneer. “Why do you think these poor suckers are seeking comfort in you? Have you ever once asked yourself that?”
“Because of the truth—”
“The hell with the truth. These are sheep. Baa. Baa. Dump fucking sheep. They don’t give a shit about the truth. They only care about eating, shitting, and fucking. That’s the summary of their sheepy life. They’re fed up with being bullshitted all their life, but they still need to believe in something. So, they found you. The new guy on the block, with no bad history yet, shinier, more trendy, and less boring rituals. Less,” he sneers, “no, you got none, zero. That’s why these sheep love you the most. Where do you think I came from? I was sick and tired of that prison-like church with that fascist pastor with all the rules, dos and don’ts, and—”
“So, you found me?” Jesus says with a hoarse voice. A few tears have found their way out of his eyes.
“So, I did. The guy with the easiest religion. No rules, no rituals, yet still comforting, so I could sleep at night. You function as a sleeping pill for them. A strong tranquilizer for their conscience.”
Jesus tries to stand up. However, there is not much strength left in him. He has to use both his hands like an old man. He feels dizzy for a second. A soft breeze blows and easily throws him off balance. Leaning toward the creek, he might fall off at any second. In the moment, he does not find that a terrible event. What would he do tomorrow, otherwise? He has not much left to live for. Everything he believed in this world, was shattered to pieces.
A gust of wind blows from the bottom of the creek and pushes him back on balance. Not today, he thinks not today. Jesus turns away from the creek and leaves with fragile steps. He walks so slowly like he has aged a hundred years in a matter of seconds.
Following him with his eyes, Paul watches Jesus passing by without even looking at him.
“See you tomorrow?” Paul asks.
Jesus stops and gulps in despair. It is painful.
“I don’t know if I can run the Messiah Show tomorrow.”
“That’s one less thing to worry about. The show is canceled effective next week.”
“Canceled?!” Jesus turns to Paul, awestruck.
“Yeah, Morgan made a better deal with them. There’s going to be a new show here at this very platform. I was in charge to pass the news to you. He wanted me to ease you into it. Oops,” Paul says with an evil sneer.
“Perhaps, that’s for the best. If its product is you,” Jesus points to Paul with a condescending look, “the awakening is better off in sleep.”
The sun sets on the Eden Adventure Park.
The End
“Do good. As simple as that. That was the inspiration.” Jesus makes eye contact with Father Kelly. “At least I thought it was,” he continues. “Was I inspired or hallucinating?”
Jesus is at the zip line’s landing platform, giving an apologetic speech at the inaugural ceremony of the new multicultural center. He is crushed by his failure, but he does not care anymore. The hope that had inspired him to dream was all gone. It turned out to be yet another deceitful mirage. He himself no longer believes in his mission. If the product is Paul, there must be something wrong with the thought process. He does not know what that is, but he does not care to figure it either. He is expected to retract all his previous words, and to renew his vows of remaining a faithful servant of the church. Standing victoriously next to him, Father Kelly is ready to take over after Jesus steps down from the podium.
A large, diverse crowd composed of the followers of all major religions has gathered to hear Jesus’s speech. Morgan, who personally took charge of managing the show, excitedly gives orders to assistants. Imam Zahed, Guru Saj, and Hakham Abba are sitting in the front row to celebrate with Father Kelly their victory against the common enemy.
The speech is being broadcast through the entire park. A speaker also replays the speech at the top of the zip line, on the launching platform. Nevertheless, people who are lined up to use the zip line are not paying much attention. Among them is Roma with her children, Crystal and Malcolm. They actually have come here for the sole purpose of seeing Jesus with their own eyes. But once in the park, it is impossible to resist the kids’ requests to try every single ride. The whole family is happy; Crystal more than the rest as she is getting ready to experience the amazing zip line ride.
Omar is in charge of safety. Roma feels uncomfortable with bearded, weird-looking Omar tightening the straps.
“Is it safe for children to use this ride?” she asks him.
“Yeah,” Omar responds dismissively. He sounds quite rude to Roma. She is not only unconvinced but also feels less safe now that her daughter’s safety is in the hands of a guy like Omar.
Crystal, who has been staring at Omar’s long beard, finally dares touch it. He does not like it and pushes Crystal toward Bao, his female colleague. Bao, who is vividly much nicer than Omar, welcomes Crystal with a kind smile and helps her go behind the gate.
“Excuse me,” Roma tells Bao. “Could you please double-check the straps?”
“Oh, ah…, My colleague has already done that,” Bao points to Omar who seems quite offended. “Don’t worry about it. The park is conformed with ISO 3000 Standard. It’s pretty safe.”
“Yeah, but you cannot be too careful. It doesn’t hurt to check again, does it?”
“Yeah, sure, no problem,” Bao says with a cute smile and starts touching the straps. Being on her first week at the Eden Adventure Park, she is still not trained to fasten the safety straps. It’s not hard to realize that she has no idea what she is doing. She might be even loosening the straps, for what she knows. Omar, who is quite offended, cannot care less and turns his face away.
“Alright. All set,” Bao says with the same reassuring, cute smile. “Ready sweetie?” she asks Crystal. Bao helps her to get behind the gate after her nod.
Roma is still nervous. Something is not right, she thinks.
Bao opens the gate, and Crystal starts the ride with a cheerful scream. Roma, however, finds the scream more frightening than cheerful. Still concerned about the safety of her daughter, she cannot take her worried eyes off Crystal.
Omar, already irritated by Roma’s lack of trust, turns to prepare the next rider. He suddenly freezes when his eyes fall on him. He is a middle-aged Jewish man wearing a yarmulke and a beard. Omar is in shock for a few moments.
The Jewish guy notices the hesitation on Omar’s face. “Is there a problem?” he says while waving.
Omar gets back to attention. “No, no problem. Where is your harness?”
The Jewish guy, who is now suspicious, points down to his son who is standing before him. The 7-year-old son also wears a yarmulke but no beard.
“Alright, come here,” Omar says to the Jewish kid. He, who has been staring at Omar, steps toward him. The father, however, whose hands were on the son’s shoulder, holds him back. The son turns back to his father. The father is staring at Omar. He is suspicious of something and cannot let go of his son. Omar hates this mistrust, and he is not hiding it. Bao watches the standoff between the two men.
“I can help you, sweetie,” she says to the kid to defuse the tension before a fight breaks out. The kid, excited for the ride, runs toward Bao. His father’s hand detaches from his shoulder, but the father still cannot take his eyes off Omar. Bao starts tightening the straps, at least this is what she intends. Omar sees that from the corner of his eyes and notices that Bao is messing it up. For a moment, he entirely forgets about the father, and reflexively goes toward the Jewish kid to properly tighten the straps. Bao immediately moves aside when she sees Omar approaching.
“Get away from my child?” the father says angrily while running toward his kid. Everybody in the line is now watching the developing situation. Omar stands up straight, giving the father a dirty look. He no longer tries to hide the hatred in his eyes.
“I don’t want you anywhere near my child, is that clear?” The father shouts at Omar. Bao gets scared and jumps back a bit. Omar’s staring contest with the father continues for a few moments. Bao sacredly watches the standoff.
“Screw it,” Omar says finally. Pushing the kid toward Bao, he takes his eyes off the father. “Not my problem anymore,” he says as he steps away to drink water from his glass cup.
Bao tries to bring peace back to the situation with her cute smile. The smile, however, seems too forced. She goes to tighten the straps. The Jewish kid is still staring at Omar. Omar notices that while drinking water. The innocence in the kid’s eyes is striking.
“Are you excited, sweetie?” Bao says to make the kid forget the rough interaction. The kid turns his eyes off Omar, but Omar is still watching him.
“Yes. Is it scary?” the kid asks Bao.
“A little at first, but once you get used to it, it’s all fun. You’ll see.”
“Was I inspired or hallucinating?” Omar hears Jesus say that over the speaker. Omar’s attention is grabbed. “I have been asking myself that very question every single day.”
Crystal is near the landing platform, her ride approaching its end.
“Doubt is an essential part of our nature. None the math and logic in the world could help with figuring that. What does help is… the failure.” Omar feels pity for Jesus when he hears that.
Facing the enthusiastic crowd at the landing platform, an unbearable pain resurfaces on Jesus’s face when he says the word ‘failure’. 
Crystal lands safely.
“Send the next, Bao,” the radio says. Roma takes a relaxed breath and takes Malcolm’s hand to join Crystal by the parallel, less-adventurous cable car ride. Bao is finished preparing the Jewish kid.
“Ready, sweetie?”
The kid nods. Bao opens the gate and the ride starts. He does not make a sound though. He is too scared to even scream.
Omar notices a familiar face in the back of the line. It is from Karl. Omar moves a bit to check if he is alone. Nope, Sharon is with him as expected. Omar turns his face immediately to avoid eye contact. He reaches into his pocket and takes out the pink tube of mineral pills that Sharon had left with him. Although he never took any more pills, he always carries the pink tube with him. The shame that was brought up by bad memories is now pouring down his face.
“Failure is the ultimate cure for doubt,” Omar hears Jesus say that over the speaker. He gets quite tense and squeezes on the glass cup. He is getting torn apart from the inside. There is a whole war running between the forces inside him. “When you put it in practice, and it falls apart before your eyes, then you know for sure you were wrong,” Jesus continues.
The Jewish father notices that his kid is bouncing left and right! He gets worried.
“Is that normal?” the father asks Bao. She has no response but worryingly watches the bouncing kid.
“Who the hell was I,” Jesus continues, “to question two thousand years of tradition, culture, literature, and legacy.”
Father Kelly smiles while nodding his head.
“Where is my proof? Where is the miracle?”
Father Kelly mouths Jesus’s words.
CRACK!
The glass cup on which Omar was squeezing shatters to pieces, leaving multiple wounds on his palm.
“Hasheeeeeeeeeeeeeem!” the father screams—which is the Hebrew word for God. His scream fills up the entire creek.
Omar turns to the zip line. “Allah-o Akbar,” he mutters with a terrified face.
Interrupted by the scream, Jesus aborts the speech and runs toward the cliff’s edge. The operator is already watching with a binocular. Snapping it from his colleague, Jesus watches through it. The kid’s loosely-tightened harness has busted open, and he now hangs from the bottom of his harness, which is slipping through the grip of his little hands. His fall seems inevitable.
Out of fear, the Jewish father’s tears burst out. Omar is no longer there to witness that. Sharon and Karl are standing next to the father, watching the unbelievable horror.
Jesus moves the binocular aside, turns to the sky, and opens his arms to pray for a miracle.
“God, save him. God,” Jesus prays loudly. The crowd that is now gathering behind him is touched by the desperate prayer.
Omar, a rope wrapped around his arm, pushes Karl aside and jumps on the next pulley. Sharon recognizes him. Omar goes down the zip line without wearing any harness. The people at the launching platform, awestruck by the act of valor, rush to the fence to see what happens next.
“Look, look. Who is that guy?” a woman at the landing platform yells while pointing to Omar.
“It’s too late,” Father Kelly, who is now standing near Jesus, mutters hopelessly.
Hanging by one hand from the pulley, Omar holds his legs up to reduce the air friction. He moves as fast as the wind. His bare hand that was injured by the broken glass is still bleeding. He is not wearing any zip line gloves to be able to control the speed. There was not enough time to look for any. The rope is the only thing that Omar has with him.
The Jewish kid’s little hands are about to lose their grip. Omar is still far from him. Realizing that, Omar hooks the rope in the pulley.
The Jewish kid falls.
“Noooooo,” his father cries in pain. Bao looks away.
Father Kelly closes his eyes, turns his sad face down, and makes the sign of the cross.
His hand still toward the sky, Jesus is still watching the scene with astonished eyes.
In the middle of the air, a hand grabs the kid.
“Seriously,” a bewildered man standing behind Jesus says, “who is that guy?”
Confused by what he hears, Father Kelly opens his eyes and looks up again.
Omar is hanging from a long rope, one wounded hand, slippery with blood, holding a grip on the rope and the other holding the Jewish kid. They are moving fast toward the landing platform. After the wind blows his yarmulke, the kid looks down and watches it falling to the bottom of the creek.
Imam Zahed, who has put his hands on his face, peeps through his fingers.
“He’s OK. Look. Look,” Bao excitedly informs the father who has fallen to his knees. Having lost the ability to speak, the Jewish father looks with unbelieving eyes.
“He just needs to pull himself up now before landing,” Bao says with a doubtful tone.
Omar is trying to pull himself up, but it seems impossible with one hand.
“It takes a miracle to save him,” Guru Saj says.
“Come on, brother,” Jesus mutters, “you can do it.”
Omar, as if he can hear Jesus, turns to him. Their eyes lock as though they are face to face.
Omar notices that the concrete wall is approaching very fast. He could have pulled himself up if he was not holding the kid with his other hand. He faces the reality that there is no way to save himself with only one hand. He has no choice but to say goodbye to the Jewish kid. After all, he did all he could to rescue him. Omar has a moment of peace on his face accompanied by a subtle smile.
“Hey, kid. What’s your name?”
“Adam.”
“Adam. You’ll be good, OK?”
“Okay.”
Omar takes a deep breath.
“Goddamn it,” Father Kelly says. He now believes that a miracle could happen. One might call him a believer now. With belief comes doubt, fear, and excitement. Out of excitement, he is no longer aware of his surroundings. An old, Christian woman gets surprised by hearing such a phrase from Father Kelly.
“I’m fucked,” Morgan says and falls to his knees.
Contrary to everyone else, Jesus is not worried at all. He seems at peace as if he is receiving divine inspiration.
The concrete platform is now 20 yards away from Omar.
His confident look toward the sky, Jesus opens his arms again.
Omar throws Adam up with all his strength.
The Jewish kid appears from the edge of the cliff and lands in Jesus’s arms.
Hearing the loud sound of Omar crashing into the concrete wall, Jesus closes his eyes. The kid safely in his arms, Jesus remembers the explosion of the watermelon when a few weeks ago it hit the concrete platform. Cringing in pain, a tear finds its way out of his shut eyes.
The awestruck crowd is in shock. They are waiting in silence for Jesus to say something.
He slowly turns back to them, shows the kid, and screams as he bursts out crying. “You wanted a miracle. You are my miracle. You are my proof. Every single one of you, every single time you self-sacrifice to do good, you are making a miracle.”
Father Kelly, dazed and confused, is watching the miraculously-saved kid in Jesus’s arms.
Redemption
Carrying nothing but the guilt of Sally’s suicide, Maria is the only passenger that gets off at 89th and Lincoln St. Stop. Sally would perhaps be alive now if Maria had not insisted on her meeting Jesus. Although Maria blames herself, Jesus is the one she cannot forgive.
Her destination is Number 78, right across the street. The neighborhood is calm and quiet, and she does not need to use the crosswalk. She waits for the bus to leave. 
Across the street, a young, black man sits on the ground, hugging his knees. He leans back against the wall of Number 78, next to its entrance door. He looks like Jesus! She squints her eyes. Yes, that is indeed Jesus, her son. She forces the happy, involuntary smile out of her face when the memories of the bitter past cross her mind. She stops in the middle of the street. Part of her wants to embrace her son, show him the motherly love that he has been neglecting. And part of her cannot let go of his wrongdoings.
Maria makes her mind up and turns back to the bus stop. What would she say to Jesus otherwise? How can she scold him for Sally’s death when Maria herself is partly at fault.
“Mom,” she hears from the back after the first step. No longer in her control, the legs refuse to walk away. She gulps, takes a deep breath, and turns back to Jesus. He stands up, his face splitting into a wide grin. How can a mother resist the smile of her son? She has heard that Jesus is bearded now, but she was not expecting him to become so skinny. Tears welling up in her eyes, she steps toward Jesus.
“What are you doing here?” she asks, putting on her I-am-mad-at-you voice.
“Miss Daisy said you come here every day.”
Maria arrives. Standing before Jesus, she knits her brows and stares into his eyes.
“What do you want?”
“I couldn’t reach you by the phone,” Jesus responds with a trembling voice. He steps back only to be stopped by the wall behind him.
“Says the boy who never returned his mother’s calls,” she growls, pouring into that sentence all the wrath she has suppressed about Sally’s suicide.
Shame covering his eyes, Jesus drops his head. “I am sorry,” he squeaks.
“Sorry? Is that all? Sorry doesn’t make it right.”
“I’ll make it right,” Jesus responds, looking up at her. A tear escapes his eye. Maria’s heavy breathing stops right after seeing the tear flowing on her son’s cheek. She gulps.
“I’m a mother,” she says, holding back a sob. “Forgiving you is practically my part-time job. I can do that. But that wouldn’t help you. It doesn’t work that way. You cannot just make a confession and someone magically absolves you of your sins. Do you understand? It doesn’t work that way.”
Maria has broken down into tears. Jesus approaches her with a hesitant step. She opens her arms. Jesus hugs his mother. The lost piece of her heart finally falls back into its place. With the long-forgotten feeling of serenity coming back to her, she feels like floating in the sky, free from any earthly gravity.
“I know. I know,” Jesus says. “I’ll make it right. I promise.”
Maria hugs him back, gently tapping him on the back.
“I forgive you,” she says, sniffling. “I forgive you.”
Jesus hugs her so tightly as if he never wants to separate from that embrace.
“You better leave now,” Maria says, gently separating herself from her son. “I have some making-right to do myself.”
“I can help.”
“No. I don’t think Arthur should see you. Plus, It’s partly my fault.”
“No! You hadn’t even seen Sally for ages. Is there—”
“It’s getting late. You better leave now,” Maria interrupts, rushing to the door. She hastily searches for the door key in her bag. She can feel Jesus still standing behind her. She unlocks the door and opens it ajar. Her hand on the handle, she turns to Jesus. He stands there as if he knows Maria is going to say something.
“Yes,” he says before Maria even calls him.
“None of us are pure good,” she says. “But all of us can get better.”
Jesus smiles, his eyes dilating.
“You are a sinner, true, but your words… they are… I mean they did make a difference. You know what I mean?”
“Thanks, Mom,” Jesus responds, his smile growing wider.
Maria smiles back. She opens the door and enters. Her eyes are still on Jesus when she slowly closes the door.
Jesus stands there, staring at the door. Maria’s last words have got him to ponder.

“It’s Mary,” Maria announces, stepping into the living room.
Kicking back on the old, brown couch, Arthur—Sally’s old father—is watching TV.
“Welcome, my dear,” he says.
“What are you watching?” she asks while putting on the apron that hangs on the wall.
“I don’t know. The news is finished and now this stupid, dancing guy is on.”
“Why don’t you turn it off, then?”
“I cannot find the remote.”
“Let me take care of that.” Maria turns off the TV from its base. “I’ll find the remote later when I’m done with the bathroom, Okay?” Maria puts the yellow, cleaning gloves on.
“Thanks, dear. What day is this?”
“Sunday.”
“Would not you miss the mass?”
“That’s OK. I’d rather be here with you,” Maria says, entering the bathroom.
“Maria.”
“Yes,” she says, sticking her head out from the bathroom.
Arthur is looking down at the floor.
“You’re a good girl, always have been. You don’t have to come here every day. I’m not blaming you for what Jesus did,” he says, looking up at Maria.
“I love coming here,” she says enthusiastically. “How else I learn about the untold stories of Vietnam?”
“You’re the only one who found them interesting,” he chuckles.
Maria leaves the toilet cleaner in the bathroom and steps toward Arthur.
“Tell me again about the girl you met in Dang Dang. How was she?” she asks, sitting on the coffee table before Arthur. Still wearing the yellow, cleaning gloves, she rests her head on her hands as if she is about to hear the most amusing story of her life.
“Da Nang is the name of the city. Oh, she was gorgeous. Black eyes, long black hair.”
“I bet you were handsome too,” she says, touching him on the knee.
“Well, at least Pham thought so. The first time we met was on a…”
…
Resurrection
Sera is sitting behind the broken desk in their half-burnt garage. The garage is cleaned up, but it would take years for the smell of tragedy to wear off. Shaq’s photo is placed on his usual side of the table. He is laughing in the photo. Still haunted by the trauma of the deadly fire, Sera has left the garage door wide open.
The introduction soundtrack of Shaq’s podcast is being played. Sera stops the music and hesitantly leans toward the microphone.
“This is Shaquille—”
Her voice goes squeaky as she chokes on her tears. Getting away from the microphone, she tries to silence her cry. It takes a few moments, but she finally manages. Hearing the sound of a motorcycle approaching, she clears her throat and leans toward the microphone again.
“This is Sera, and you hear us from the Common Sense Studio. Today, we’ll resume our discussion on the difference between believing in a faith and trusting its leaders.”
A long shadow casts on the back wall of the garage. Sera looks back and notices a man standing there at the entrance. The sunlight is pouring in from the around of his head. It is hard to see his face between that much light. Breathing slowly, she can hear every beat of her heart. The man steps forward. Sera can now see his face clearly. She smiles and turns back to the microphone.
“And our guest today is the son of his mother, the one of the many, yet another reminder, the very sinful Black Jesus.”
The End
