Blood Season
A Mitch Crowne short story
Written by: MacShayne
(2018 re-issue)
Copyright Page
Copyright 2018 by MacShayne. Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015 by MacShayne. Original Edition
Edited by: MacShayne
Coverwork by: MacShayne
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons (living or dead) are coincidental.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share this story with friends and family, although I’d appreciate it if they would download a copy themselves. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes only, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favourite eBook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Discover other titles by MacShayne
Mitch Crown (book series)
1. The Drifter
2. Manhunt
3. A Dangerous Man
4. Killing Crowne
5. Perfect Enemy
6. Cold Case
7. Chaos
Other Books
Once Upon a Time in Navajo
Table of content
Chapter 1: Hunting Game
Chapter 2: Seven Mile Bridge
Chapter 3: Long Distance Shot
Chapter 4: Rendezvous
Chapter 5: Running All Night
Chapter 6: The Settlement
Chapter 7 : Last Blood
About the author
Contact me
Chapter 1:
Hunting Game
Southport, Beach, 16 April 2010
The last ten years were all but peaceful. Things changed for lots of people. Especially around him. Mitch Crowne used to be a weapon for his government until he went rogue. His latest alias was the rogue assassin. In this ten years he brought justice to all that hurt the people around him. That alone is already surprising. Mitch Crowne wasn’t the same person that killed without emotions. He had someone to care for now. Her name was Mia, a nine year old girl with extraordinary high IQ who lost her father and mother. Mitch was able to safe her multiple times before he left her with the only person he trusted, George Dreyfuss and his 54-year old wife Emily.
Soon Mia would turn ten years old, was he going to be there for her? Mitch was sitting on the beach while Mia was playing with her dog, a German shepherd that was saved by George two weeks ago. George and Emily stayed behind in their new house that Mitch arranged for them to life in. He didn’t buy the house on his own name of course, he had some help from his brother that he briefly got to know. Mia looked really happy from where Mitch was looking, but then again, she had this same aurora surrounding her than a younger version of him used to have. The only difference, she was a better person than Mitch, she was a female, she was smart and intelligent where Mitch was reckless, filled with rage and lost his senses for love and companionship. 
Mitch was still recovering from injuries he sustained while bringing the people down responsible for Mia’s pain. Those that also betrayed him. Mia was smiling while Mitch stood up and walked towards her. An itchy pain above his knee was stinging while he walked, which reminded him about the last shootout days prior to today. While he came closer to Mia, he started to think about his place in this world, did he still have a purpose? 
Mia stopped playing with Sam (dog’s name) as she saw Mitch walking towards her. She saw the man that was her hero. He was the only one that she really trusted. She got used to the idea that George and Emily would bring her up until she was old enough to stay on her own two feet. She wanted to make a difference in this world, like the person she recognized as her father. Mitch Crowne. She was pulled by his strong arms against him as he gently placed his arms around her and kissed her on her forehead. It was only three hours before sunset.
‘What would you like to do?’, Mitch asked.
Mia turned around and looked at a boat that was speeding in the distance. She pointed at it and said: ‘Could you teach me?’
‘I can teach you anything you want. You know, why don’t we try it right now?’
So, Mitch rented a speedboat and the two hit the water after they brought Sam back to the new house. At the open water, far away from the coast, Mitch gave the wheel to Mia. After a while, she really got the hang of it. After an hour they returned to the marina. Mitch returned the keys to the owner and walked back home together with Mia.
‘How long are you staying?’, Mia asked while she picked up a rock.
‘You know the answer Mia.’
‘For what it’s worth, I’m really glad you are here now.’
‘I’m glad to be with you also. Do you like living here?’
‘Can get used to it. It’s better than the Netherlands.’
‘Couldn’t disagree with you’, Mitch said as both laughed.
‘How far can you throw this rock?’, she asked.
‘Where do you want it?’, Mitch replied.
‘I think, I think I really want to keep it.’
‘Than you should.’
‘Don’t you ask me why I want to keep a piece of rock no one else care about?’
‘Okay’, Mitch said as a smile appeared on his face. ‘Why?’
‘It reminds me of you. Sometimes something simple as a rock can save you from harm.’
Later that evening
Mitch and George were sitting on the veranda, enjoying the view while Emily and Mia were preparing dinner. George was wearing shorts and an Hawaiian shirt while Mitch wore a tight white shirt and brown shorts. The two were sharing a corona.
‘It feels good to be home again Mitch. Thank you for everything.’
‘You can thank me by keeping Mia away from this, this life, all of it.’
‘Mia is in good hands. Which makes me wonder, how come I never noticed you have a dad inside of you. I mean, you are the world to her. Her hero.’
‘One of these days, my past comes hunting for me again. I don’t want her near me when I go out.’
‘You forgot that you brought down a shadow organization almost on your own.’
‘Only a part of it. The remainders might be interested to finish me.’
‘They should. I mean, you proofed yourself to be a threat.’
‘And then there is another person I would like to find.’
‘Whom?’
‘Someone I don’t know if she really exists.’
Emily and Mia joined the two as they watched the sunset. After dinner, Mia and George went to bed around nine in the evening while Mitch was smoking a cigar on the veranda. He was joined by Emily before both went inside also. Mitch placed himself on the couch since both bedrooms were now occupied by Mia and mister and misses Dreyfuss. 
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home’s office, 7 February 2010
Richard Bennard Home was sitting behind his desk and looking at a picture of him with his wife and their only daughter. Mister Home was the person that ordered the assassination of one of the best pupils he ever had at his disposal. He also put Eveline Turner on the assassination list and knew that this might be his dead sentence. Also, since Mitch Crowne’s body was not found in the Dominican republic. He knew Crowne better than the most within this agency, and now he would certainly aim his full attention on the one person that had betrayed him. 
His assistant downstairs informed him that he had company. The man that was visiting him was his superior and a known as a ghost within the US defence system. Alan Fitch was also highly connected within the same organisation that Home himself was associated with. The Cabal. Home looked one more time at the photo of his beautiful wife and late daughter Crystal. She was the reason that he had joined the Cabal. Since 9-11, his opinion about the defence system changed dramatically. And he accepted the offer the Cabal had given him for multiple years. 
The door swung open and two FBI agents entered the room before Alan Fitch himself followed. Mr. Home stood up and waited until Fitch stopped in front of him. The two shook hands before Home offered Fitch a seat.
‘You know that I only visit when it has the highest priority Mr. Home.’
‘As of now, I’m dealing with the problem the best way we possibly can.’
‘We believe you do, but the situation is out of hands. It reached crisis level one and has now our full attention. Your man is believed to be responsible for abducting and presumably killing Cherikov.’
‘Why didn’t I know earlier?’
‘Because it happened just moments ago. And you know what this means. When he talks which we must assume, you’re the first he’s going to give up’, Fitch said as he chuckled. ‘Now does he have any information that can expose anything about me or the organization.’
‘Not according to my knowledge.’
Fitch sighed. ‘Mitch Crowne has proved himself to be a huge threat. There’s no room for any more underestimation Home. We have to deal with him now. Or else we have to take other measures.’
‘I understand. Mitch Crowne has our full attention.’
‘We have to take into account that Mitch Crowne is working with another party.’
‘Raymond Reddington.’
‘If he gets anything to his disposal that contains data about us, then he can use it as leverage against us.’
‘So, if we take out Crowne, he will try again with someone else.’
‘You see where I am getting at?’
‘The core of the whole threat is not Crowne, he’s the operator.’
‘Reddington has been years on the list, he was never found nor came near apprehension.’
‘Do whatever it takes Home. This has our first priority now. Contain the damage!’
‘I will, too much is at stake right now.’
Fitch looks at the picture and sighs again. ‘We are doing something good Home. Don’t forget that.’
Washington, Abandoned Old Factory, 21 January 2010
For a few days he was transported from one hide-out to another. Sybren Sibranski was an 1.77 meters long man with dark blonde hair. His blue eyes distinguished him from the locals in Miami where he was abducted. He was what is called a pretender and is known as killed in action by an organization that is called The Centre. He was sitting in a chair, strapped with handcuffs as the door swung open. Two men stepped inside before they were followed by a third person. Walking on more expensive shoes. His blindfold was taken off when the third person sat down opposite him.
‘Sybren Sibranski, to what should I owe the pleasantness of your arrival? It’s a question I’ve been asking myself when I walked down the stairs to this dump hole.’
‘I don’t really know what I’m doing beneath here Raymond Reddington. Looking good, like I imagined.’
‘I’m impressed by your work Mr. Sibranski. That’s why I would like to offer you a job.’
‘Not interested Reddington.’
‘You didn’t listen to my proposal yet. It’s way more fun than being a journalist. Besides, don’t you want to find out about Mitch Crowne’s whereabouts?’
Sybren for the first time looked interested but didn’t respond.
‘If I’m correct, you have been trying to find the man for quite the amount of time. This might be a great opportunity for that cause. And you make money as well. Doesn’t that sound like a good business arrangement Mr. Sibranski?’, Raymond continued.
‘Continue’, was Sibranski’s response.
Dahlgren Airport, 7 February 2010
Mitch and Eveline followed the other car for more than an hour in which they left Washington. Eventually, they arrived at a nearby airport where Raymond Reddington and a few crew members were waiting. The two cars were parked near one of Raymond’s private jets. Mitch left the car while Eveline stayed behind. Reddington wore a black coat and a black hat. Almost unrecognizable in broad daylight.
‘You did your job more than well Mr. Crowne’, Reddington began.
‘There is one name still on my list, and it’s not Alan Fitch.’
‘I see, you found out that it wasn’t Fitch at all that orchestrated the assassination.’
‘It was Home all along. He’s going to pay for it. My business with this all concludes afterwards.’
‘You must know that mine just begins Mr. Crowne.’
‘As I said, my business with Fitch is over. I’ll expect you to cut my brother loose somewhere safe.’
‘You can count on me, I’m a man of my words, I’ll let him go somewhere remotely. So this’ll be the end of it? No more killing people?’
‘Just the one. Then I’m out’, Mitch concluded.
‘You and miss Turner should come along.’
Mitch and Reddington looked each other straight in each other’s eyes for a few seconds before Mitch and Reddington both turned their backs and walked back to where they came from. Mitch and Eveline then both stepped into Reddington’s jet soon after...
Crystal Gateway Marriott, 24 January 2010
Within a mile from Ronald Reagan international airport, the Crystal Gateway Marriott is a 3.5 star hotel. It was raining that day when Frances Franklin didn’t show up at work. Well, the real Frances didn’t show up. Sybren Sibranski was well disguised as he entered the hotel in his new outfit. He was disguised as hotel security.
One day earlier, Reddington’s men abducted the real Frances and put him away in one of Reddington’s hideouts far away from Washington. They didn’t kill him since Sibranski wouldn’t cooperate if they did. The plan for Sibranski was simple, adjust and blend in like he was a random security guard. Sibranski had his hair dyed blonde and cut short. Sibranski hadn’t the biggest impressive posture, but he looked almost the same as Frances. In the changing room he met one of his colleagues. His name was Brad. Brad was twenty centimetres taller, in his mid forties and was very muscled. Sibranski immediately guessed he was a former Marine.
‘Looks like you could use some training, Franklin.’
Sibranski was not planning to cause trouble and smiled Brad’s comment away.
‘Today I’m going to introduce you to your new working space Franklin. If you like, you could join me in the afterhours in the gym. Introduce you to the game mate.’
Did he call him mate? Sibranski thought. ‘I’m fine already. But thanks anyway.’
Brad looked amazed, like he was offended in the worst way possible. ‘Yeah, uh’, he stammered. ‘Let’s begin then eh?’
‘Of course’, Sibranski said in a calm voice.
Chapter 2:
Seven Mile Bridge
Key West, Florida keys, 8 February 2010
From Dahlgren Airport, it lasted a few hours before they landed at Key West International airport. When Reddington, Crowne and the others left the plane, two cars were waiting for them. It was still night. Although, the sun was rising in the far horizon. Mitch smelled the ocean sea breeze as they walked to the last car. Both were black SUVs’, bulletproof and tuned Mitch judged. Of course he knew that Cherikov would be transported in the first vehicle. It slightly surprised him that Reddington also stepped into the front car. Crowne seated himself next Eveline in the backseat. Eveline looked tired. She sighed deeply as she closed her eyes.
‘Ever wondered what this thing leads us to?’, she asked.
‘There is no path to peace’, Crowne answered. Meaning that he wouldn’t rest before those responsible for killing Mia’s parents would be death.
‘Well, I hope we see the end of this Mitch.’
‘You will’, Mitch answered as he looked outside the window as the engine was turned on. 
Crystal Gateway Marriott, 9 February 2010
Richard Home met his wife Meredith in Manchester 37 years ago. Since their first day together, he as trainee for the FBI and she as a student working in a Manchester United bar, they were in love. Home eventually came back for her five years later when he decided to change field operations for a job behind a desk. Home was always the most intelligent agent of his year and far beyond after. He wasn’t the best field agent tough. Since they started living in Washington, they had a child that died in a car accident shortly after he married Meredith. It was believed to be a simple car accident, it was not a an assault on his life. 
Since that day he became aware that the fall of the USSR would mean that times were about to change once again. The enemy wouldn’t be political anymore. But what it could be was also a huge question mark for the much younger Home. Unexpected, Meredith and he became parents once again. She was a beautiful daughter and they named her Crystal. Because that’s what Home gave Meredith when he proposed, a crystal ring. 
That was decades ago. The new era of terrorists was more complicated than any era that Home could remember. Since the attacks on the world trade centre, he also was persuaded into joining a highly secret government organization the Cabal. He even was the biggest influence of one of its most acclaimed sections. A section that brought up a few of the best agents. Agents in the likes of Mitch Crowne and Eveline Turner. The former was recognized as the second best hit man the government of the United States had created. Only Will Robie, field assassin in another agency was believed to have a more improved skill set. Mitch Crowne was also a test subject for many other operations within the agency. He was considered to go up against Jason Bourne himself once. That mission never finalized when Mitch Crowne went rogue and assassinated the Vice President. 
Crystal was a twenty two year young lady. She was blonde and had the same eyes (blue) as her mother. However, she looked more like her father in appearance. Same mouth and nose. She wasn’t the most beautiful student, but she was gorgeous and in shape. Home had her learn self-defence and how to use a fire arm. They picked her up from her apartment two hours earlier. Meredith was able to comfort Crystal after Home almost demanded that she got into the car. Home knew that like his, their life’s were on stake. And he was not going to lose anyone of the persons that he did the very thing that caused this madness. Mitch Crowne got to Cherikov, and no matter if the Russian named him, he knew that very soon an assault on him would be likely possible.
They arrived at the Crystal Gateway Marriott hotel in the afternoon. It was raining at the moment. Home stepped out of the bulletproof vehicle and helped his women step out of the car. Without saying a word, the three were met by four agents at the entrance of the hotel. Home, Meredith and Crystal were escorted to the fifth floor, room 918. Home had bought this apartment years ago as part of his evacuation plan. When they left the elevator, two hotel guards were standing on both sides of the elevator door. One of them was an enormous man compared to the second guard. The second guard was less tall, les muscled but in a good shape. Home and his family were escorted to their apartment. Crystal looked over her shoulder and looked at the good looking smaller guard. He didn’t give her attention and kept staring ahead of him. But a little grin appeared on his face. Crystal smiled as she looked back at her father.
‘Are we in great danger father?’, she finally asked him.
‘Not yet darling. But I have to take precautions.’
‘You never had to before.’
‘That’s because I did a good job.’
‘So, you say you failed now?’
‘Not really. But you know I can’t give you any answers.’
‘I know, the only answers you give result in more questions’, Crystal concluded. Then they entered the apartment.
Burdines waterfront, Florida keys, 8 February 2010
One of the SUV’s containing Crowne and Turner arrived at the hideout. They were met by two henchmen of Reddington. They were armed and wore black clothes. Mitch was also still armed. Reddington knew that Mitch would never give up his weapon. And there was no reason to believe he would be a threat as of yet. 
Turner and Crowne followed the henchmen inside the hideout. They arrived in what appeared to be a living room. Turner was here previously, before she was brought to Washington in order to assist Crowne. While Turner seated herself, Crowne saw a glimpse of another person standing on the balcony. In the distance you were able to see the open sea. It was a beautiful view if you could enjoy the beauty that is called nature. Mitch walked towards the door made of mostly glass and opened it. The other person didn’t turn around. Like he was expecting someone to join him on the balcony. The person that was clearly enjoying the view was 1.83 metres long and took great care of his physique. He had the same hair colour as Mitch himself, the same height. Mitch stopped next to him.
‘This is kind of odd, isn’t it?’, Robert McEachran began.
‘Probably.’
‘I guess I have to thank you.’
‘For what?’
‘Sennen Cove. You saved my bottom back there.’
‘It was not a problem.’
‘Want a hug?’, McEachran joked.
Mitch grinned. ‘Not necessary.’
‘So, we don’t get the how you’ve been and what you’re up to kind of talk now, will we?’
‘Would you want to know?’
‘Hey, my brother assassinated a vice president.’
‘That’s a long time ago. I don’t remember things for too long.’
‘Now you are full of shit Mitch.’
The door swung open ones again. Eveline Turner joined the two brothers.
‘You two, this is insane.. You really share the same mother?’
‘And the same father’, McEachran added.
‘Nice to have met you Robert’, Mitch said as he offered a hand.
‘I don’t know if this is mad shit crazy or legit. But I’m glad you’re still alive’, Robert said as they shook hands. Mitch then left the balcony via the stairs and walked out of sight.
‘You missed me?’, Robert asked Eveline.
‘It was like you were with me all the time’, Eveline said. Nodding towards the direction Mitch disappeared.
‘That sounds wrong. I mean, that sounds really disgus...’, Robert said before Eveline kissed him. Then they made out while one of Reddington’s henchman shook his head.
Seven Mile Bridge, Florida keys, 8 February 2010
The other SUV stopped somewhere at the middle of the seven mile bridge near Reddington’s hideout. Cherikov was looking like a drunk former bank owner that just had a terrible night. He recently already gave up Home as the authorizing man that ordered the hit on Mia’s mother and her stepfather. But Reddington always had his own agenda. Cherikov was led out of the SUV and pushed towards the edge of the bridge. 
 Reddington, as calm as he always is, stepped also out of the vehicle together with Dembé. He sighed deeply as he put on sunglasses. In both ends of the bridge was no car visible. Then he walked towards Cherikov.
‘You could decide to jump. But we both know you wouldn’t do it.’
‘It’s not that simple Reddington.’
‘I know. Ones you fall into the water, It’s three and a half miles before you reach shore. Or you just sign up for the military.’ Nodding towards a small island in the distance. ‘Like I said. We both know you will give up every information you have, you know why.’
‘I don’t give you shit. I’m not afraid of you.’
‘But you are afraid of swimming, isn’t that the truth?’
Cherikov didn’t answer. 
‘I thought so. I have interest in something more than just someone’s head as you might know. I believe I have something in my possession called the Fulcrum. But I need you to get me to the person I can continue my business with. You know what I mean.’
‘They can’t be blackmailed. They won’t surrender.’
‘I don’t want them to surrender, how silly, I want them to look the other way when I feel like it. Understand me?’
‘My business is done’, Cherikov said.
‘Great, mine just began. Shall we?’, Reddington said as he cued his henchmen to put Cherikov back in the SUV.
Southport, Beach, 16 April 2010
Mitch woke up after he slept for almost thirty eight minutes. He opened his eyes and didn’t move. Something deep inside of him had awoken him. Like an alarm that was sensing someone in the neighbour with bad intentions. After three minutes and forty-six seconds, he stood up and checked if any doors and windows were opened. Then he checked if the others were all right. When he entered Mia’s room, he felt something else deep inside of him. Mia was the very reason he might be alive. I mean really alive. He was not going to say it probably, but he cared about her, much. He left the room and the house there after. 
Eventually, he stranded at the marina. He saw that in most houses there was no sign of life. Street lights were shut down as well. Something unusual. Then a car pulled over hundred meters in the distance. Two men left the vehicle. Mitch immediately saw who they were, they were parked near a streetlamp that did work this night. It was Reddington and Dembé. Mitch carried his magnum with him as he walked toward the two of them.
‘It’s been a while Mr. Crowne’, Reddington began. ‘You’re not going to shoot us with that, are you?’
‘What brings you here Raymond.’
‘We have some business to take care off. You know, before you leave the game for good.’
‘My business has already ended.. In sea...’
‘I know, but this is very important also. Shall we talk somewhere more remotely?’
‘I have a boat near-by.’
‘Good, that works for me’, Reddington said with a grin as he looked at Dembé. The two then followed Crowne. Mitch had a feeling that something wasn’t right about this sudden meeting. An alarm was going off in his lizard brain. But what?
Chapter 3:
Long Distance Shot
Mitch, Burdines waterfront, Florida keys, 8 February 2010
Mitch walked into the bushes. He knew that Robert and Eveline we’re the perfect example of a beginning couple. He didn’t want to disturb their luck. It was strange to meet someone that looked so much alike him. And in so many ways that very person was nothing like him. He walked towards the west and eventually stopped near the sea. Mitch seated himself in the sand. A lot of things were going through his mind right now. All the things he had done, all the things that happened to people around him. Shelley, Sandra and what even happened to Jeremy Clegane and Ayda Houser? His father? What was the good in this world, were did he kill for during his career within the agency? Mitch was staring at the far distance, his eye-sight was almost unmatched. He could see better than 99.99% of anyone that had or worked in any agency over the whole world. He received some scars during his life as assassin, but he didn’t lose his sight. So, even though it was almost three and a half kilometres away, he saw barely the appearance of the same SUV he and Eveline came out of half an hour ago... 
Then he heard something moving behind him. It wasn’t just something, by the way it moved, it had two legs. In this area, that meant that it was either a feathered creature or a human being. So, who was following him. At the same moment, the car was moving again as Mitch put his hand on his gun and took cover behind a tree. Then the creature appeared, she was blonde. Mitch judged by the way she moved and her clothing that she was unarmed so he stopped being cautious. She was wearing tight blue shorts, slippers, a white mini shirt and a necklace. When she looked at him, he could see in the corner of his eye sight that she wasn’t wearing makeup and had a belly button piercing. 
‘Here I thought to have some alone time’, she said. She had a gentle suburban high pitched voice. Like she wasn’t a city girl but had lived in one for years now. It sounded like she was in her twenties. ‘Do you speak English?’, she asked while now staring at Mitch. He judged by the way she said English that she was European. She had an accent. ‘My father always said to me not to introduce myself to strangers alone’, she continued. ‘But, I like your style.’
‘What should I call you?’, Mitch said.
‘Like my father said, you may call me Lisa. Yeah.. Lisa is a nice name.’
‘Not your real name I figure.’
‘Maybe, maybe not. Perhaps you should try better to get to know me’, she said will she grinned.
‘Maybe I don’t want to’, Mitch answered cold.
‘Are you gay? I mean, you look hot for an older guy. But I didn’t picture you gay.’
‘Never been rejected before?’, Mitch asked while looking the other way. She came closer.
‘There is nothing wrong with being gay. But reject this’, she said as she put her arms around Mitch’s strong neck and kissed him on his mouth.
Robert and Eveline, Burdines waterfront, Florida keys, 8 February 2010
If you would ask him, he wouldn’t be able to estimate how long the kiss had lasted. When Robert opened his eyes, he saw the beautiful Eveline smiling at him. It was almost too hard to say how dangerous this beauty actually was. She could kill him in hundred possible ways and still he thought of her as cute.
‘That wasn’t disgusting after all, was it?’, Eveline said with a wink.
‘We might need a room’, Robert answered with a grin.
Eveline grabbed Robert’s hand and let him lead the way inside the mansion. Robert had been living here for days and took her to "his" room. In the house were only two henchmen of Reddington. The one that saw them making out and another that was keeping guard at the front of this hide-out. While at the stairs, they were making out once again, Eveline almost lost her balance but was able to grab the banister. In doing so, she pulled Robert with her which almost caused home to fall. They ended face to face against the wall when they both ended in laughter. 
‘Even making out is life threatening with you’, Robert joked.
Eveline kissed him on his lips. ‘Want to quit?’
‘Never’, Robert said as they continued to his bedroom.
Eveline kicked open the bedroom door as she was pushed on bed by Robert. He already unzipped his pants as did Eveline. While Robert dropped his pants he helped Eveline getting out of hers. He started kissing her on her left leg as she took off her shirt. She then helped Robert getting out of his shirt.
‘Have you been working out the last few days?’, She asked.
‘Might took on running luv.’
‘Impressing.’
Then they made out while Robert unclipped her bra. 
Mitch, Burdines waterfront, Florida keys, 8 February 2010
‘That wasn’t so bad after all, was it?’, she asked Mitch. ‘Maybe it’s been a while for you.’
Mitch grabbed her ass and pulled her up and kissed her this time. They made out once again. Then they broke the kiss once again. ‘You know how to make an effort Mr. stranger’, she said. Mitch reacted by putting her down. ‘Where do you come from Lisa?’
‘Really, you wanna talk instead of playing with fire?’
‘Women weaken legs. I need to stay fully focused.’
‘I see. That’s why the gun and the knife.’
‘You noticed?’
‘After your huge boner, yeah, I noticed. People would say I should be afraid I guess. But I’m not.’
‘You should be.’
‘I’m from Czech. At least, that’s where I life mostly. I am on a holiday. My boyfriend found this the perfect place to break up with me.’
‘And...’
 ‘I kicked him in his nuts and might have broken his nose.’
‘Good for you’, Mitch said with a grin.
‘You know, I think I recognize you.’
‘You do?’, Mitch asked impressed.
‘Family of Tom Cruise?’, she flirted.
‘I need to go Lisa.’
‘I guess you have. But since you didn’t give a name, how else am I supposed to call you.’
‘Tom, suits me well.’
‘It’s not your real name.’
‘Lisa isn’t yours.’
‘Point taken’, she said as Mitch walked away. ‘Come find me when you’re in Merklin.’
Mitch retreated himself in the bushes where he practised his fighting skills and trained his muscles. Then he performed some meditating for the first time in his life. He remembered Mia telling him it might get him find inner peace with his sins. All that slipped in his mind, was the moment where he would kill Home. After what must have been hours, Mitch returned to the hide out after having taken a swim in the ocean. Peace with himself? F*ck that. He was only good in bringing hell to others. And that was exactly what was going to happen now.
Crystal Gateway Marriott, 9 February 2010
Richard Bennard Home, his wife Meredith and his daughter were all in his safe apartment. Everything so far, so good. But did he feel safe? Did they feel safe? Ask yourself when you’re being hunted, how much protection would it take to make you feel safe? Richard still had to take a shower, but as he was about to walk to the bathroom, his private cell phone began to ring.
‘Is there any news?’, Home began the conversation.
‘You know what you have to do, right?’, Fitch said in an formal but deep tone.
‘Is it that bad?’
‘We believe, you won’t last three more days. Can we build on you? Can we trust you to protect the greater good?’
‘Where?’
‘It has been confirmed that Mitch Crowne was seen in the Keys via satellite images.’
‘Exact location?’
‘At the international airport.’
‘So, we can assassinate him when he heads towards DC.’
‘You know how well he was trained.’
‘Indeed’, Home said after some hesitation.
‘This is our final call Home. Your legacy will not be forgotten.’
‘Thank you sir. For giving me a chance to make America safe again.’
‘You be good Richard.’
Richard sighed deeply. It’s funny, his wife normally used to be the only person that called him Richard. She was sleeping after taking her medicine. His daughter was in the living room. Home decided to take that shower. 
Reddington’s hideout, Burdines waterfront, Florida keys, 8 February 2010
Mitch returned to the hideout after his practice. It was a long day, a strange day. Not that often he meets someone that finds a way to take his interest. Then he practised his skills for a few hours. He was ready to take the shot. But, before he entered the house, he heard some noise coming from a different direction. It came from the garage. Mitch crept towards the smaller building and found out that the door was open. So to speak, he noticed the two henchmen holding guard at the house. To keep them inside probably. Which meant they were amateurs, they could have known that Mitch wasn’t inside the house yet. He entered the garage. It wasn’t complete dark inside. There was one of the SUV’s parked inside. Behind it, there was a hatch. Light found its way from beneath it. The hatch was also not locked. Mitch opened it slightly. He didn’t notice anyone except the stairs. Mitch entered the basement without making any noise. The only noise he heard, was almost loud enough to hear.
Cherikov was strapped in a chair in the middle of the room. He was punched multiple times on his face before Reddington came downstairs to question him. Dembé was the only other person in the room. The man that worked on Cherikov’s appearance left before Mitch entered the garage. They missed each other by seventeen seconds to be precisely. 
‘So, I heard you were ready to share some valuable information’, Reddington said as het took a seat opposite him.
‘You need to promise me something..’
‘I’m not in the position to make any promises. We passed that moment at the bridge.’
‘Fuck you and your organization Reddington. You will never succeed.’
‘You have no idea. In fact, it’s not of your concern.’ 
Dembé noticed a shadow coming from the other side of the door. Maybe, it wasn’t even a shadow, perhaps it was a spider or something. But he noticed something moving at the other side.
‘Alan Fitch, he’s the person you’re looking for. That’s all I know..’, Cherikov said.
‘How do I know you’re telling the truth?’
‘It’s all that I know. Richard Home is also part of it. But he addresses to Alan Fitch. He’s your man. He’s the asshole you need to talk to.’
‘You know what, I believe you’, Reddington said with a smile. Then he grabbed his gun and shot Cherikov in his head.
Reddington’s hideout, Burdines waterfront, Florida keys, 8 February 2010
Mitch met Robert and Eveline before they were instructed by Reddington. Robert and Eveline went into one room, so it appeared like they were making love. But Robert managed to get into another room and locked its door. Then he acted like he was Mitch so that Reddington’s henchmen wrongfully got the idea that Mitch was back inside. 
‘Now you know how we managed to keep you out, what did you find out?’, Eveline asked curiously.
‘I know very little’, Mitch lied. ‘Richard Home is the person responsible for killing Sandra and her husband. That’s what matters. Cherikov did break and he was killed by Reddington. What they discussed, I don’t have a clue. Far as I’m concerned, it’s neither our business.’
Crystal Gateway Marriott, 12 February 2010
Sibranski was Reddington’s joker. Sibranski would make the mission or break it. He learned the escape routes since he worked as guard in the hotel for the past months. He got to know Home’s escape plan in detail via Reddington. He was instructed to act when the shot was fired. Else why, it would appear to suspicious. Home was not stupid in the end. Sibranski was near Home’s apartment in a secret service costume. Part of Home’s security plan as high official in the government, was the protection from the president’s own men. However, the person whose name was Jonas McGee, was not in his attire that afternoon. Sibranski poisoned the agent while he left home. Sibranski hit in the back of his car and before McGee was able to drive, he was out of conscience. Maybe for good, maybe temporarily. That was up to the condition of his heart. 
Dolley Madison Towers, Washington, 12 February 2010
Mitch Crowne’s first task was to set the mission in motion. From a safe distance, he would open fire that ultimately cause Home to flee. After his shot, he could escape quietly and quick since he was far away from the Marriott Hotel. Crowne was laying on the rooftop of the Dolley Madison Towers. The distance between the weapon and his target was estimated to be around 2400 meters. If Mitch would kill someone at such a distance, it would mean he was one of the three knowing and living snipers that were capable of doing so. The record of a confirmed kill by sniper is held by Craig Harrison. He killed an enemy at a distance of 2475 metres. Mitch was not aiming to kill House, yet. Not this easy. The circumstances were close to perfect. No wind, no rain in this time of year. Mitch focussed on his target, this was probably his most difficult shot since he killed the vice president in 2001. Mitch took long deep sighs to relax. Then he pressed his right eye against the scope. He was not able to see who was who, but he wasn’t aiming to kill. It didn’t matter. But it was tempting, trying to do kill someone from such a distance. He had a target, he was relaxed and shot three times shortly after each other...
Chapter 4:
Rendezvous
Crystal Gateway Marriott, 12 February 2010
Richard Bennard Home, his wife Meredith and daughter Crystal were all in the same room, joined by two body guards. Richard had selected them both personally. They weren’t the best agents in the field, but Home knew they were the most loyal. What were the best worth if they wouldn’t do their job! Like his nemesis Mitch Crowne. 
Home was satisfied with his decisions. Sure, it had cost him more life’s to be perfect. But it was all for the best reason. A safe America. Home was standing near the window. No one would be able to kill him he was guaranteed. The surrounding buildings were heavily guarded by a special team of black opps send by Alan Fitch. Did Home felt safe? He didn’t. He was afraid that his daughter would become Crowne’s next victim in his trail of blood. They trained Crowne well. But Home knew that Crowne was never their best asset. When he served the bureau, there was another assassin that topped him. That assassin’s name was Will Robie. If only he had the influence to use his capabilities in order to stop Crowne. 
One of Home’s lifeguards that was standing in the living room noticed that Home was staring out the window. He walked towards his boss. Emmett was a tall, muscular and athletic agent. He was 32 years old and worked for Home since 2002. He was once a promising candidate for the disbanded Blackbriar programme. Emmett grew up in Mississippi and had African ancestors. 
‘You shouldn’t stay too long near the window Boss’, he said in a subtle but confident voice.
‘It’s not like they can kill from two kilometres away, is it?’, Home said a little irritated. Then he looked at Emmett who was not giving any expression back.
‘Too be honest boss’, and then Emmett stopped.
‘I know. And I also know you are very protective when it comes to me and my family. That’s why you are here with me. Just like Sit.’
Sit was the second bodyguard that was present in the room. He was Emmett’s superior. A real American patriot and Home’s leading bodyguard. He served in Iraq and the Gulf war before Home had him appointed as his protection. Sit was now 58 years old but still very much in shape. He didn’t own a television or computer in order to keep his vision one hundred percent. Of course, his sight was not like in his younger years, but he did see the sharp flash from far way. Without hesitation he was able to do two things.. He warned Emmett and automatically ran towards Home. Emmett pushed Home away when the bullet cracked the window. Home fell on the ground while Emmett took his place. He had his eyes closed and was filled with adrenaline. When he opened his eyes shortly after, he noticed Home on the ground next to him. He was mumbling since he fell against a lamp. Then he scouted the view and didn’t see anything. While the door was kicked open and two hotel guards stormed in, Emmett saw the effect of a bullet that had come from more than two kilometres away. The bullet may have missed its mark, it didn’t miss Sit. Bone fractures and pieces of flesh were scattered on the floor while a lifeless Sit was laying on the ground face up. He was bleeding all over the floor...
‘One man down’, one of the guards said to the other guard.
Emmett helped Home on his feet and took him with him. ‘You need to work with me boss!’, Emmett instructed as they passed Sit’s death body.
In the hall, Home and Emmett were joined by two other hotel guards and Meredith and Crystal Home. Sibranski’s part of the evacuation planned started successfully. He was keeping Crystal Home close to his side while escorting the Home family out of their apartment and towards the stairs. While going downstairs, Crystal followed his every instruction and thanked him more than once for saving her. It was now crucial that Eveline succeeded in her part of the job.
Private airplane Alan Fitch, 12 February 2010
Alan Fitch was sitting in his private jet when he received the news about the Home family from one of his assistants. Fitch immediately picked up a phone from a desk and dialled a number. At nearby buildings, Fitch had installed a group of black opps agents. They weren’t only to protect Home, but also to execute the liability that Home would become once he needed to flee the apartment. Which was now the case. But, he also knew that Mitch Crowne was in the city. So, after he instructed his team to follow and take out the Home’s, he made another phone call. This was his best chance to deal with another liability. Mitch Crowne.
Crystal Gateway Marriott, 12 February 2010
Eveline was waiting for Home to arrive in the garage of the hotel. Reddington bribed the chauffeur that used to drive Home’s escape car at this day. In order to make it look natural, the driver was going to be delivered at the hospital almost stabbed to death shortly after the Homes and Turner would leave the Hotel. 
The three Home’s, Emmett and two Hotel guards arrived in the garage while all exits were guarded by FBI. Emmett opened the door while Richard, Meredith and Crystal stepped into the car. As Emmett was to enter next, he was stopped by one of the Hotel guards.
‘Let me take place in the far side of the vehicle. You are far more important to them’, Sibranski said wisely. Then the second hotel guard injected Emmett with a serum that caused Emmett to collapse immediately.
‘Medic, we need a medic!’, the second hotel guard, also on Reddington’s payroll, said while Sibranski entered the car. 
‘Drive!’, Sibranski said while closing the door.
Turner hit the gas pedal and drove away while Emmett was laying in the arms of the second hotel guard. He was injected with a serum that was not lethal. Unless, he also had a particular heart condition. Sibranski created the serum when he was recruited by Reddington. He was taught chemistry at the Centre.
‘Where is Emmett. What happened dammit!’, Home said with rage in his voice.
‘Sir, you need to keep calm and do what is asked. It’s for your own safety, and that of your family. ‘
‘Do you know who I am?’, Home said.
‘Sir, I need you to calm down. Now!’, Sibranski said in a commanding tone as he undressed his guard outfit.
‘Who are you for god’s sake?’, Meredith asked in a sharp tone.
‘Emmett collapsed as you guys entered the vehicle. That’s why you have to deal with me. I was disguised as hotel guard, but I was hired to do a job. And one job particularly. And that job extended automatically once Emmett was.. out...’, Sibranski said as they could see his gun.
‘Hired by whom?’, Home asked.
‘You don’t want to know.’
‘You’re with Reddington?’
‘The question Mr. Home is really, who is still with you.’
‘Reddington send Mitch Crowne to kill me!’
‘Calm down Richard. May I call you Richard?’, Sibranski asked in a demanding tone. He received no answer. Meredith was becoming more and more upset while Crystal seemed pretty calm. 
‘I demand answers!’, Home yelled.
‘One last time before I have to take measures Richard, calm down.’
‘Just listen to what he has to say dad’, Crystal unexpected helped Sibranski.
‘Right. I need to say this very carefully. Reddington worked together with Crowne in order to get to Alan Fitch. He also knew that Crowne was only aiming to kill you. That brings us to today. Crowne was instructed to set today’s course of action in motion. In order to get you and your family in protection.’
‘I don’t want Reddington’s protection!’
‘You, perhaps not. But what about your lovely wife and daughter. Richard. Think!’
‘The moment you left your prison, what you apartment really was, Fitch ordered a hit squad to take you and any other liability.. out...’
‘My family, they don’t know anything.’
‘It’s not a risk he’s willing to take, for the greater good. Is it?’
Home, finally realizing where Sibranski was getting at, seemed to calm down.
‘We take you to a safe place. At least, your family. They don’t have anything to do with what is going on right now.’
‘What about Crowne?’, Home asked more calmly. ‘I am not going to help Reddington.’
‘Reddington doesn’t need you anymore Richard. He got what he want.’
‘The fulcrum. He has it?’
‘Your family is being taken care of. Weather you’ll survive or not is up to how good Alan Fitch’s men really are.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Reddington understands your delicate situation and tries to take care of it. By letting the system take care of things’, Sibranski said as he switched on the television.
In a news programme at NBC an article is shown about Mitch Crowne. His photo is on the news channel while it is being said that al authorities are active trying to apprehend the fugitive. He is suspected of many crimes. Including killing an American vice-president and a Russian ambassador. It is told that he is on the run in Washington and armed and dangerous.
Reddington’s hideout, Burdines waterfront, Florida keys, 12 February 2010
Robert McEachran was watching the news in the living room. Up till now he had monitored the operation. He was the brains behind the operation. The timing was arranged from behind his workstation. He gave the signal for Mitch to take the shot. To instruct Sybren to go inside en for Eveline to get ready for take-off. Now something unexpected had happened. Mitch Crowne was wanted by all authorities in Washington as of now. How could that be possible. Then Reddington stepped into the room while an helicopter was landing. 
‘You betrayed him, why?’, McEachran asked Reddington with his eyes still on the television. He didn’t pay any attention to Reddington.
‘Change of plans Robert. Things turned out different than expected.’
‘What change of plans? Like you don’t need him anymore?’
‘I got what I wanted. Mitch wants something that.. well... intervenes with what I want.’
‘And that is?’
‘It’s a much bigger mess than you know Robert. I’m not doing what I do right now for my own sake. Even though it appears to be that way.’
‘So, now you’re going to kill me?’
‘Of course not. I’m going to ask you politely to join miss Luli in a little road trip.’
‘What is the game plan now? How is this going to play out?’
‘It’s in all our best interest for your brother to be apprehended. I can’t be more specific, but I am forced to do whatever necessary to keep this rodeo going.’
‘You betrayed Mitch. How do you think that is going to play out?’
‘Like I said Robert, it’s also in my best interest that Mitch will be apprehended. But we both know he’s an ignorant little bastard himself. But, it won’t surprise me that he’ll get out DC alive. What is more important, is that no innocent people will die because of this game. Eveline will make sure that Home’s family will survive. Then she can join you and both are free to disappear.’
‘You, Raymond, deserve to die.’
‘We all go out eventually Robert, I’m not planning on a nearby exit though. Now I have to go, don’t try to evoke her skill set Robert. She’s quite the woman.’
While Reddington leaves the hideout by helicopter, Robert enters a SUV. He is not cuffed but isn’t wearing any guns or protection either. Not even a seatbelt. Probably a precaution in case he would try to jam the steer wheel. While he saw a beautiful sunset in the horizon, he already worked out an escape plan.
Fredericksburg, The happy Clam, 13 February 2010
Eveline Turner parked the car containing Sibranski and the Home’s behind the happy clam in Fredericksburg. The restaurant was closed at the moment for maintenance. The chance that someone would be suspicious was slim. Eveline had circled around on the other side of the Rappahannock river for hours until it became dawn. She was supposed to meet with Reddington one day from now. Sibranski kept the family calm. At the moment, Richard and Meredith were sleeping. Sibranski gave them a toxic substance that caused them to fall in a deep sleep. It was Crystal that woke up as first.
Eveline left the car and walked towards the river. It was fifteen minutes to ten in the morning. This was her rendezvous with Mitch. But like anyone else, she also received the news that Mitch was being wanted by almost everyone in Washington DC after being accused of yet another assassination. He killed someone. Which meant that he was now also one of the best snipers in the world...
Sibranski pours in a glass of water and hands it over to Crystal while he sensed that someone left the car. Crystal yawned before she accepted the water. Sibranski cheered her with a little smile which she responded by looking the other way.
‘I know you slipped something in our drinks’, she said.
‘Why still drink something I gave you if you are suspicious.’
‘I f you wanted us death, I wouldn’t be able to drink right now.’
‘You’re right. I don’t.’
‘So, what do you want?’
‘In different circumstances... I would have taken you out on a date.’
‘A shame.’
‘Why?’
‘I think I would have accepted’, She said while a grin appeared on her face. Then someone opened the door. It was Turner.
‘Time to stretch your legs. Don’t know for how long you’ll be sitting after.. let’s say... fifteen minutes’, Eveline said.
‘Sybren woke up Richard and Meredith while Crystal left the car. Right then, when Richard’s wife Meredith opened the other door, Eveline and Sybren knew they made a mistake. They both heard a car speeding towards the bridge coming to their direction. If that was Mitch, then something didn’t go as planned. 
‘Take cover!’, Eveline yelled as she pulled down Crystal. 
At the same moment Meredith stepped out of the car. A gunshot was heard from a distance. It hit her in her left shoulder. Then Sibranski was able to jump out of the car while a second bullet hit him in his leg while both he and Meredith fell on each other on the ground.. 
The speeding car made a right after leaving the bridge and its driver hit the brake as soon as it appeared on the parking lot....
Chapter 5:
Running All Night
Dolley Madison Towers, Washington, 12 February 2010
Three shots were fired. According to plan only one of them would be at harm for the Home family. The chance that he would miss that shot was far more higher than the chance that he would kill anyone from such distance. Mitch was on the rooftop dismantling his weapon while he kept track of intell via his police scanner. The scanner was in his car six blocks away. He used a phone and his ear piece to keep updated whether or not he was being wanted.
Mitch put the pieces of his weapon in a special designed backpack while he could hear the sounds of sirens in the far distance. Police and an ambulance. It didn’t meant anyone got hurt he thought. While his weapon was packed in his backpack within a minute, he stayed on the rooftop to exam the near neighbour. No suspicious activity at all. Mitch never took any risk, and even though he was connected with a police scanner, he also didn’t trust Reddington. Reddington had his own agenda. So did Mitch. That’s why he informed Eveline of a different rendezvous. The only problem was Robert. If Reddington double crossed, Robert had to deal with the situation himself. 
Three minutes and thirty two seconds after he fired his last shot, Mitch walked towards the fire escape in slow pace. He could hear via the police scanner that all hell broke loose at the Marriot right now. While he took the stairs towards the ground, a little child noticed his appearance. It was a boy of approximately seven years old. Mitch almost reached the ground when the boy already had disappeared. Would this compromise his mission? Mitch took a few deep breaths as he chose to not return to his vehicle. His reptile brain told him that going back was going death. He always followed his instincts, and that was probably the very reason that he was still alive. He was wearing black clothing and a black hoody. He didn’t put his hoody on since it would make him looking suspicious. While he was four minutes away from the Dolley Madison, he passed by a female. She was a twenty year old, which meant her knowledge about modern day technology was above average. Mitch continued walking in a slow pace until he reached a corner. He sensed that someone was following him. And the only time that this sort of sense was false, was during his programme. Mitch made a left at S Kenwood street. He knew that you could walk around this building. So, Mitch began to ran in order to find out who was following him. Once he reached the other side of the building. He walked in a slower pace back to the street he was walking moments earlier. He first scouted his right. No one to see. Then, he continued walking the same path again taking the left for a second time. No one was there.. At least, he didn’t see her...
Crystal Gateway Marriott, 12 February 2010
FBI-agent Philip Monroe was twenty-nine years old. He joined the FBI three years ago after two stints in Iraq and Afghanistan. He grew up in Delaware and was adopted by wealthy stepparents. Phillip didn’t have brothers or sisters, so he was the perfect candidate for the FBI. His parents were shot and killed by a cartel in Mexico City when he was four years old. It was almost sunset when he received news regarding a possible assassination. An anonymous source had informed the police regarding one of the FBI’s most wanted persons. Normally, such intell would be processed. Nowadays after the events in 2001, this information was hand over to the FBI within three minutes. So, six minutes and twenty eight second later, after the anonymous phone call, Monroe was aware of the possibility that number two on the list from a few years was very much alive and in his backyard.
The source did not tell what the reason oh his sudden appearance was not where to find him exactly. But, he was seen in Long Branch Creek. Monroe had set up a unit to take on patrol duties within twenty eight minutes. He himself and four other agents were scouting the neighbourhoods and waiting for new information. If Mitch Crowne was in the city, it was for a reason. If he was alive, he was to be dealt with very carefully. Everyone since 2001 was informed about Mitch Crowne during their programme to become FBI agents. Mitch Crowne was the definition of a home-grown terrorist. 
Monroe wasn’t looking at his watch when the call came in. It was one of his team members, Vanessa Hutchins, that reported to have heard three shots. Before the radio silence, she reported that she was near the Dolley Madison Towers.
‘Did you hear that?’, She asked surprised.
‘Hutchens, be more clearly.’
‘Three gunshots, coming from the Dolley Madison.’
‘I’m on my way.’
S Kenwood street, Washington, 12 February 2010
Vanessa Hutchins was a twenty six year old FBI agent with the beautiful appearance of a twenty year old model. She had long blonde hair, now tied in a knot, and beautiful brown eyes. She was the best of her class during weapon practise and martial arts. She also had an IQ higher than 130 and a photographic memory. She also knew everything about the American history of crimes. She knew exactly that the devil from New York, the savage, better known as Mitch Crowne passed her by. 
She stalked him afterwards but failed to report it. She knew how good Mitch was, almost inhuman, she could have blown her cover by informing her colleagues. After she heard the gunshots, she walked straight to the Dolley Madison. After following her target for a time, she almost walked into an ambush. This was the spot for a Mitch Crowne trick. She ran towards the house at the opposite of the street and took cover. Three minutes later, Mitch appeared at the corner of the street for a second time. And this time she had a clear view. She almost could not believe that a legend was standing less than fifty metres away. 
Mitch saw a glimpse of her button a little too late when suddenly someone in the house turned on the light in the kitchen. He did not shoot at her immediately but ran towards the house opposite her hide-out. She didn’t hesitate and shot eight times. One hit him in his arm. She was good. But he didn’t expect less. Mitch knew that sooner or later her back up would arrive. And.. Someone set him up... The worst of it, it didn’t even surprise him. 
Vanessa called in her position after she lost her sight of Mitch. She was a little too late. But that was all because of bad luck. She could have put an end on this if she had two seconds more time. She did she that she hit him one time, but was it good enough? 
‘What is your position Hutchins?’, Monroe asked.
‘2508 S Kenwood street. I hit the suspect once.’
‘Good, the son of a b*itch killed one of our own.’
‘Who?’
‘Someone that was protecting a highly decorated man, Richard Bennard Home is also reported missing.’
‘Was he the target?’
‘We believe so. Our agent was in time to prevent Crowne from killing him. He’s an hero.’
‘You know what that means Monroe.’
‘Yeah, he killed someone from 2400 metres away Hutchins. You may have surprised him, he’s more dangerous than we can possibly know.’
‘I’m not waiting for back up!’
‘I insist Hutchins!’
‘Screw this...’, Hutchins said as she ran towards the next house.
Mitch climbed the house and was laying on his stomach. He saw how the shooter was running towards the next house. He also heard their conversation. It was the girl he thought was a simple student that opened fire on him. She had blonde hair, Mitch would see her from a distance. Even though he wanted to kill her, he tried to think of a way less dirty. He waited a little longer until she was about to cross the street. She must have known that Mitch wasn’t coming her way. If she was good, she also would know how he operates. Mitch felt a flesh wound on his shoulder, nothing life threatening on short notice.
Vanessa waited a few minutes. The thought of crossing the street was competing against her knowledge about Mitch’s familiar strategies. He was either running away from her, which meant she would lose him, or waiting for her to cross the street. Probably the later. The time was eating on her but she decided not to cross the street. Then she heard a call pulling over at the address she had given. 
By now, all authorities would be prepared for the man hunt Mitch thought. He had a slight chance of survival if he could find transportation within the next eight minutes. And then his joker arrived. Via the police scanner, he heard that Monroe pulled over near the address. This meant that he had to kill, for his own sake. Then something surprised him. Vanessa appeared from the shadows to prevent Monroe from leaving his bulletproof car. He could kill her with military precision but instead, decided against his own gut not to kill her. A mistake. He missed her by a hair which cause Monroe to leave the car. Mitch shot immediately at Monroe and hit him. Then He took a second shot while Hutchins opened fire on him. Also, with military precision. Mitch was hit in his leg when he turned around. Also a flesh wound. But before he was able to jump of the roof, a second bullet entered his side. Mitch didn’t land well on his feet but fell on a trampoline behind the house. 
Monroe was hit in his arm and chest but was wearing an armour. He wasn’t mortally wounded but he hit his car with the back of his heat and passed out. Hutchins called in an ambulance. She decided to stay with Monroe. After half a minute, Monroe regained his conscience.
‘Thank god.’
‘Did you get him?’, Monroe stammered.
‘I hit him.’
Monroe shook his head a little. ‘Go get him!’
‘How do you feel?’
‘I’ll manage Hutchins.’
‘Okay.’
‘Now do your f*cking job!’, He said with almost all his energy.
Hutchins ran towards the back of the house where Mitch would have landed. She found blood but no sign of a body. She took cover and used her flashlight. It was then that she discovered the trail Mitch probably left behind. It let towards a shop a couple of ten metres further.
Mitch entered the barbershop that was unoccupied. No one was inside. He grabbed scissors and found himself a first aid kit. He opened it to grab the products that he needed to threat his wounds. Mitch put off his jacket when he heard someone else near the back entrance. Via the police scanners, he already figured out that back up was called for and an ambulance. He thought that Hutchins would stay behind. He was wrong. Next time he would kill them. He had promised Mia to avenge her mother, no one was going to prevent him from breaking that promise. Not even a young FBI agent that is way in over her head.
‘Mitch Crowne, this is the FBI! Surrender yourself’, Hutchins screamed.
Mitch did not respond to her threat and counted his bullets. He had only seven left in his fire arm. He still carried the other weapon in his backpack, but it was now close to not useful.
‘You are surrounded!’, She screamed. ‘If you don’t surrender within three seconds, I am forced to take you out’, she continued threatening him. Then she began to shoot inside the shop. 
Mitch heard from which place the shots came from. He also put together and escape plan. Mitch waited until he heard the sound of a reloading weapon made. He jumped towards his lift and shot one time. It went through the door and with most certainty would miss her. Then, as she began to shoot again. Mitch Jumped through the window more towards the left and took cover behind the wall immediately. Then Mitch shot one more time. This one went through the wall near the door opening. Then Mitch ran away towards the other side of the street. 
Hutchins was hit in her side as well. She didn’t expect the second shot. Mitch was still good. But so was she. She heard him running away. So, she took a leap of faith and marched towards the broken window and caught a glimpse of Mitch. He was almost behind the funeral shop. Ironic she thought. Then she shot six times and hit him in his left leg. That would slow him down. 
Mitch entered the funeral shop and acted quickly. He used a knife from the kitchen to remove the bullet en used whiskey to clean his third wound. Then he bandaged the wound with a towel and duct tape. He went back outside within two minutes and scouted the area. He heard the sounds of sirens coming closer and knew that he was almost out of possibilities. He didn’t sense Hutchins and was also out of the luxury to take his time. He walked towards a side street of Shirlington road when suddenly a shadow betrayed Hutchins position. Just as Mitch aimed his weapon towards the corner, he figured out that it wasn’t her. Another FBI agent appeared, probably another one of Monroe’s team. Before he knew it, a bullet entered both his legs and right hand in which he kept his fire arm. He had now only two bullets left, but didn’t kill the agent. He did attract Hutchins’ interest. Before Hutchins, who entered the funeral shop from the front made her way to the back alley, Mitch hit the FBI agent unconscious. 
Hutchins saw her colleague laying on the ground immediately. She didn’t ran towards him in a straight line, keeping in mind that Mitch was waiting on her next. She reported the coordinates of her fallen colleague before she discovered that Mitch wasn’t near him. She didn’t take risks and waited till back up arrived a few minutes later. They discovered that also this colleague was not fatally wounded and had a huge chance to survive... Monroe, after being patched up arrived on the scene also and wanted to talk with her before he would be taken to the hospital.
‘It’s not your fault Hutchins’, he said. ‘You also saved my life.’
‘I was not good enough to stop him.’
‘No one is. But we will get him. Now we know he’s alive.’
‘You’re getting a medal for saving my ass. You know that right?’
‘I didn’t safe you. He just didn’t kill you.’
‘Don’t be this hard on yourself.’
‘I’m not. He could have killed us all. Instead, he did this. Very much unlike the Mitch Crowne we know.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I think we don’t know shit about him or his intentions.’
‘You better keep that to yourself Hutchins. This time, I’ll let it slide. But Mitch Crowne is a fugitive. A dangerous assassin on the loose with multiple crimes committed on his list. He’s a danger to mankind and must be stopped.’
‘Yeah, you’re right. How foolish of me.’
‘Just keep it one time only Hutchins. You’re one bad mistake away from becoming a criminal.’
‘Where is he now?’
‘In the neighbour. We have informed everyone about his presence. He won’t be able to leave Washington.’
‘He’s also wounded.’, Hutchins said as Monroe walked back towards to a FBI car. He would be drive towards a nearby hospital for further car. The car drove away. It was driven by two agents.
Interstate 395, Washington, 12 February 2010
Instead of leaving the interstate to get towards Inova Alexandria Hospital, the driver continued driving further. Was he being taken to Fort Belvoir? That way he could be debriefed and taken care of faster of course. Monroe tried to use his phone, but it was broken. Probably when he was shot, he must have dropped it since he was holding it. He activated a transmitter in his badge. They also passed the exit leading towards Fort Belvoir which alarmed Munroe. He couldn’t see the drivers. They eventually left the road when they crossed the Occoquan River. The car pulled over at Hoffmaster’s marina. Then he heard the sound of doors opening, so, he opened his also. Then he was dismantled by Mitch immediately. 
‘We need to talk’, Mitch said.
‘Go to hell!’
‘Not yet.’
‘What do you want?’
‘I didn’t intend on killing anyone.’
‘Well, you did.. Again...’
‘I’m not sorry for my actions. Home is going to die. If anyone gets into this crossfire, it’s all your own fault if you get caught by a bullet.’
‘You gonna kill me?’
‘If I was, you were already six feet below by now. I needed a free way out of there. You gave me that opportunity.
‘Have you ever thought about all those parents you killed? You are the reason many tears of grief have been shattered. How can you life with that?’
‘I was trained well by your government Monroe. And when I killed parents for them, I never heard them giving a damn either.’
‘You’re not human.’
‘I’m just the weapon. I did not create myself did I?’
‘You chose yourself. Tonight you’ll be finished.’
‘I don’t think so.’
‘You’re wounded and running all night. Yes you are.’
‘I could do this all night long.’
‘Why did you need to talk.’
‘Because of that trick you tried to play on me. Now, someone is trying to find you. Now, I have to take out whoever is going to show up here.’
‘How did you know?’
‘Like I said, I’m trained well’, then Mitch hit Munroe against his sleep. Munroe fell on the ground. Mitch grabbed him and put him in his car and the other driver in the driver’s seat. The second driver was unconscious in the trunk. ‘Amateurs’, Mitch said.
Hoffmaster’s marina, Washington, 12 February 2010
It surprised Mitch how long it took for someone to show up and check on Munroe. In that time he treated his wounds and patched himself up to stop the bleeding permanently. Then only one car showed. It was driven by Hutchins. She stepped out of the car probably not expecting Crowne who had only two bullets left. 
She walked towards the front of the car and found the two unconscious drivers. She drew her gun and shot both of them. Then she opened the backdoor and found Munroe unconscious. She woke him up and he was looking over her shoulders at first.
‘Alone?’
‘You failed your mission Munroe.’
‘Did Reddington hired you also?’
‘I’m here to deal with loose ends. I know Mitch and you had some time to talk before my arrival. What did you say to him?’
‘Nothing. Absolutely nothing.’
She heard the steps too late. This was such a mistake that she deserved to die she thought. Before she could drew her gun at him, he shot at her gun causing her to lose it. Now she was standing in front of him. Mitch put his gun back to its place.
‘Reddington sent you?’
‘You really didn’t know?’
‘I should have taken you out.’
‘I know, maybe you saw someone else in me. You’re getting slippery Mitch. Thought you could get away with double crossing Reddington?’
‘He understands’, Mitch said.
‘So, what now?’, she said as she threw a grenade towards his directions. "Where the f*ck was she keeping that?", was all Mitch thought while jumping away. 
The grenade exploded blowing both Mitch and Hutchins backwards. They both fell on the ground. Hutchins stood earlier and ran towards Mitch, she jumped on him and tried to strangle him. Mitch’s stitch in his side torn open again. Both her hands were wrapped around his neck. Mitch punched her with all his strength against her chin. He had longer arms and could hit her just enough for her to lose her grip. They both stood up fast. She hit Mitch multiple times in his stomach before he was able to punch her one time against her nose. It broke immediately. Then as she attacked him again, he dodged her kick and grabbed her left foot. He then pulled her forward and broke her knee by kicking on it causing him to sank to his knee also while she fell behind him.. Then she wrapped herself around him with her arms screaming in pain. Mitch fell on his back with her under him. She grabbed her knife and was able to cut Mitch’s arm before stabbing it in his chest. Luckily for him, she missed any fatal organs. Mitch managed to stand again before Hutchins used her good left to kick him down. Mitch felt forward above her. While he fell, he pulled out the knife and jammed it in her stomach. Mortally wounded, Hutchins stopped fighting while Mitch took the knife out of her again. 
‘Any last words?’
She began to laugh. ‘Almost defeated by me. I’m honoured.’
‘You lose darling. Reddington loses. I get what I want.’
‘You just don’t know. Reddington always finds a way to win’, she stammered. 
‘He won’t stop me.’
‘He knows about.. rendezvous.. yours..’
Mitch, surprised. ‘What?’
‘Sibranski...’, She managed to say before she died.
Potomac Marine, Neabasco Creek, 12 February 2010
Mitch did not recall any involvement of a third player. Eveline was going to take Home and his family away alone. But where did Sibranski came into this all. How did he cross paths with Reddington? The fact that Sibranski could be the same Sibranski he spent some of his childhood with, was simply confusing Mitch. He was able to flee the Marina by boat. Twenty minutes after the grenade detonated, reinforcements arrived. Their response time would be much sooner if they weren’t all used to close down the inner circles of Washington. Mitch arrived in another Marina in Neabasco Creek where he entered land again. By now, the feds would also take into account that he may have fled by boat. And further down the river was Quantico. Mitch broke into a bigger boat to find himself something to threat his wounds with once again. It was already past seven in the morning when he left the boat. There after he stole a black crown vic and drove away, fast! He knew that it was going to be the end if he used the main roads. But, he also had to get to the rendezvous as fast he could.
Fredericksburg, The happy Clam, 13 February 2010
Mitch arrived a little too late at Fredericksburg. The rendezvous was near the Happy Clam. Mitch drove nearly 140 km/h when he hit the brakes on the bridge. Shots were already fired from the rooftop opposite the street. Mitch made a turn and drove straight towards Turner and the others. He hit the brakes once again and stopped his car with its side against the car driven by Turner. Now both Turner, Sibranski and Meredith could take cover. Eveline was able to take out the shooter closest to them. Mitch left his car via the window. He heard immediately what Eveline now also heard. A helicopter. 
Mitch looked at Sibranski while shots were fired farther away. ‘You’re with Reddington!’
‘You’re not?’, Sibranski asked while Mitch aimed his gun at him. 
‘They followed you!’, Mitch yelled.
‘I don’t understand you Mitch. Which is quite ironic since we now do speak the same language.’
‘You led them to us.’
‘If so, you’re now gonna kill me?’
‘Mitch!’, Eveline said.
‘Are you with him or not?’ Mitch asked more calmly.
‘What do you need me to do?’, He asked.
The helicopter stopped near the car Turner and Sibranski arrived. The second shooter was killed by Turner also while Mitch’s crown vic was parked somewhere out of sight.. It appeared like Crowne and Turner got away in Crowne’s stolen crown vic. Baz and two henchman walked towards Sibranski.
‘I need to speak with him’, the wounded Sibranski said. 
Baz gave him a phone while Sibranski walked towards the river. 
‘Your reunion did not go as planned Sibranski?’
‘You almost got me killed Reddington.’
‘They got away?’
‘Crowne, Turner are both on the loose with Home. He shot me!’
‘That’s very much his style.’
‘Now what.’
‘Let them go. We find them sooner or later.’
‘Or he will find you.’
‘Our business has concluded Sibranski. You’re free to go.’
Baz and the other henchmen left, leaving Sibranski behind with Meredith and Crystal.
‘Where did they take my father?’, Crystal asked.
‘I don’t know Crystal. I’m done with this.’
‘If they kill him, you are also responsible!’, Meredith yelled.
‘He deserves to die. You don’t know what he’s done’, he responded before he walked away to a car parked across the street. He left Meredith that sank on the ground while Crystal, less in shock, tried to comfort her.
Chapter 6:
The Settlement
Hatteras, North Carolina, 13 February 2010
Mitch and Eveline left Fredericksburg eleven minutes after the helicopter left. Mitch and Eveline used their crown vic to get near a local car salesman. Eveline bought a cheap old ford 1.6 station wagon in a black colour. Richard Home was not conscious when he was put in the back of the car with tinted windows. Sibranski had given him another shot of his drugs before Mitch and Eveline took him into hiding. They drove the next eight hours and 38 eight minutes to get to a little town on the outer banks islands that was also called Hatteras in North Carolina. 
They didn’t pause since they left Fredericksburg around a quarter to eleven in the morning. They took an alternative route towards Hatteras in order to keep a distance from huge cities such as Richmond, Norfolk and Virginia Beach. Eventually they arrived in Hatteras eight minutes after seven during sunset. 
In the small marina was only one sailboat and three speedboats. Eveline parked the car near Villas of Hatteras Landing. Mitch was in this place exactly ten years and ten months and three days for the last time. He had befriended a local named Harry during in-between-time of two missions. Mitch had bought his boat but allowed Harry to keep it and to continue living on it if Harry did the necessary maintenance. This was one of Mitch’s escape plans if by some particular circumstances he had to flee. Mitch was almost made inhuman, but he was also far above average intelligent and knew that he was expandable. Harry never knew Mitch and was a blind man. He only lived on a boat since he couldn’t afford a house. Mitch also knew that Harry died eight months ago shortly after he had arranged that locals kept the boat getting maintenance for three years after his dead. 
Mitch left the car while Eveline stayed with Richard. She also texted a message about a place and a date to an unknown contact with her phone. Home wasn’t entirely unconscious, he was dizzy though. 
Mitch walked towards the three boats in this marina. It was the small marina located near the harbour of a ferry to Ocracoke. It was long ago when he arrived here for the first time. He stayed in a beach hotel in Rodanthe while he scouted the area for a possible escape plan. During the two weeks of his stay, he "befriended" Harry’s daughter Marlene who worked at the beach hotel. He bought Harry’s boat for more money than it was worth. Harry was a former Marine and a decorated Vietnam hero. He kept his word. Mitch never thought that he would be using this escape plan. Not since he was put into a prison called Kiruna (Perfect Enemy) and later was in Russian imprisonment. The boat was in perfect shape, ready to go. Food for six days and twelve bottles of Corona. ‘Good taste Harry’, Mitch said as he closed the refrigerator.
Mitch walked towards the back of the sailboat that was called St. Vitus Dance. He watched at the open sky for a moment. It was all darkness now. The sun’s light wasn’t visible anymore. Just a glimpse of it via the moon. Mitch sighed deeply, like he was trying to reach a cold zero. Not knowing that he was being watched by someone else...
She was the owner of the Hatteras Landing nowadays. But when a car stopped near the hotel, she never went out for a look. This time, was just coincidence. Like it was meant to be almost. While she was outside her building, the very building she bought of her own investment profits, she almost did not believe that he was here. She was nowadays forty one years old, successful and happily married with a son. But she remembered his face like the day was yesterday. Not because he was such a romance, more because he was not. And.. Because his face was all over the news. She didn’t know that the owner of her father’s boat was FBI’s most wanted number four. She did try to persuade her father to get to life with her but he declined. Her father was stubborn and wanted to die on the water. He died peacefully. Torn between doubt and anger, she decided to follow the man towards the marina. She made a picture with her Iphone as soon as he stood on deck watching around him. Feeling scared, being so close to a rogue assassin, she turned around and went back to her hotel.
Marlene entered the hotel building and waited in the hall for several minutes. She witnessed how Mitch Crowne with another man who needed assistance to walk. Then she saw how Mitch took a lifeless body of a woman out of the car. Bloodstains near her head and throat Without hesitation, she dialled 9-1-1...
‘Where is your dignity.. Crowne...?’, Home was able to ask. But was given no answer. Reddington’s patchy, it is not your style’, he continued taking deep breaths. 
‘Why don’t you kill him right now and be done with it?’, Eveline asked.
‘I’m not working with Reddington’, was all that Crowne said. Then he punched Home unconscious again.
‘What will happen next?’
‘You know.’
‘I mean, with you.’
‘Reddington probably makes a deal with the Cabal. He has power now.’
‘And you?’
‘I am his debt. He one way or the other must deal with me. The Cabal know about my existence.’
‘How is this going to play out?’
‘You and Robert get out after this little journey. Me myself have made arrangements for Mia, George and Emily.’
North Key Largo, Florida keys, 12 February 2010
They were now driving on the Card Sound road, somewhere remote in the Keys. McEachran was sitting cuffed next to Luli. One of Reddington’s closest and dearest personnel. Luli was a trained associate of Reddington and would be able to kill McEachran in many ways possible. So, he had to come up with a plan and fast. McEachran did not know what Reddington’s plans were, he almost even believed that he was not being killed. But, as long as Reddington had him in his back pocket, he could be used as leverage against his brother. But then, suddenly out of nowhere, she pulled over near Jew Point at a bridge. While she asked Robert to leave the vehicle, he thought about running into the bushes. Would that be helpful? Robert was wearing khaki pants and a white blouse when he stepped in the car earlier. He hadn’t shaven for days and he was sweating a little. Wearing Ray Ban sunglasses he was facing what might be the end of him.
‘This is it?’, He asked in his British accent with a dry voice.
‘Reddington has no intentions of killing you. But you must know, some others will.’
‘What happened in Washington?’
‘I brought you a gun, its empty. You know how to use one?’
‘I may have practised some.’
‘Be careful McEachran. And don’t try to do anything stupid with that.’
Luli walked back towards the car and stepped in. She left Robert McEachran behind and drove away. Then it occurred to Robert that he still had his phone with him. But the battery was empty. He then walked for one and a half hours towards Key Largo. The Ocean reef Club Inn to be precisely. 
Robert entered a diner opposite the Ocean Reef, he seated himself at the second seat from the entrance and ordered a diet coke immediately. he had rented a room for two nights, and didn’t quit know what his next move would be. Robert was thirsty, so he ordered a second diet coke after finishing the first one. Then he picked up a newspaper. He read it carefully. Front page news was an assassination attempt in Washington. Shooter was known as Mitch Crowne... An older picture of Crowne was shown on the front page. He was believed to be death, now he was within the top ten of FBI’s most wanted. Next to Raymond Reddington. 
‘Crazy isn’t it?’, The waitress asked. ‘One day you think America is the land of freedom, the country where everybody feels safe. And then.. Some gets killed from such a distance.’
‘I think the media doesn’t cover the whole story’, Robert said in his strict and British accent.
‘You’re from out of town?’
‘I would like the receipt’, Robert asked politely as he looked away from the waitress. 
The waitress was in her fifties but didn’t wear glasses. Robert looked much alike his brother. And the last thing he needed was commotion about his striking resemblance. Robert paid for the two diet cokes and left the diner. 
Four days later, Robert received a message. Very clear. It were figures. Coordinates. Robert didn’t need lots of time to figure out what they meant. Robert demolished his phone and booked tickets for two towards Bermuda. 
Hatteras, North Carolina, 13 February 2010
Marlene was visited by the police forty-eight minutes later. She lost her sight on Mitch Crowne and the other two after her phone call. She didn’t know that Mitch would leave in such a hurry. So, when the police arrived on her doorstep, the boat was gone. It were two officers. An elder woman in her fifties called Agent Simmons and a younger African American male called Cooper. The female was not the leading officer. Cooper did all the talking.
‘Good morning ma’am’, Cooper began.
‘Morning officer.’
‘You called in about fifty minutes ago. Can you confirm...’, he was interrupted.
‘Yes, yes, it was me. I called. We need to go to the marina now.’
‘Please madam, slow down’, Cooper said as they followed Marlene.
‘You don’t know what it’s like when suddenly a dangerous man is in your backyard’, Marlene said. ‘I recognized him immediately.’
‘One, Mitch Crowne you mentioned?’, Cooper asked sarcastically.
‘You don’t believe me?’
‘I’m not implying you lied miss. We get a lot of prank calls. That’s about it.’
‘Think I might be thankful that I’m still alive’, Marlene said in a more shaky voice.
‘Calm down Madam. You don’t need to be nervous.’
And then they arrived in the marina. Only two speedboats left. The sailboat owned by her father was gone. They were too late...
‘You see that, the sailboat, it’s gone. He must have left already. You need to do something. He’s going to disappear.’
‘Ma’am, please. There is nothing to see here.. That makes our visit worthwhile.’
‘You have to believe me. They parked right outside my hotel. Their car.. We need to get back.’
Marlene already ran back towards the entrance of her hotel. The two cops walked back talking about if she may be right or not. They both concluded she probably mistaken someone else to look like Mitch Crowne. ‘Can you proof that Mitch Crowne arrived in this car. Did you make pictures?’
Suddenly a look of relief appeared on her face. She did. But then she couldn’t find her Iphone. Where was it. ‘I made a picture. Do you have a minute?’
Cooper sighed. ‘One minute and then we leave.’
It took her seven minutes and twenty eight seconds. But she couldn’t find her phone...
‘Well, our business has concluded. If you find proof of his presence, you could call former Deputy Marshall. She lives around the corner. The officers returned to their cars while a frozen Marlene stayed behind. 
Atlantic Ocean, Between Hatteras and Bermuda, 16 February 2010
It usually took five to six days to sail with a 30ft boat towards Bermuda from Hatteras. Mitch was an experienced sailor. His father Harvey was brought up on a sailboat and he taught Mitch the fine art sailing is when he was a teen. Mitch had sailed during missions, in spare time and now for lots of days. They were passed the middle of their trip when Mitch cut Home loose. He forced him to walk towards the front of the boat. 
Home was now standing in front of Eveline Turner and Mitch Crowne. Both Mitch and Eveline carried a gun. Mitch his all time favourite Magnum while Eveline carried her a comfortable Berretta. Mitch seated himself at the left side on the front roof of his boat while Eveline decided to stay on her feet. Richard Bennard Home knew that this were his final moments. Mitch Crowne and Eveline Turner were two of his best field agents. While he was sure that Crowne was a beast with no heart, he knew that Eveline was still humane. But then again, he had betrayed both.
‘This is where it ends Mitch?’, He asked. ‘Eveline?’, looking at her. Eveline took her phone from her bra and it appeared like she was texting a message. Eveline wore shorts and one of Mitch’s blouses over her black panties and bra. She also wore sunglasses and a straw hat.
‘You have no idea why I did what I did. Why it had to be done. This is far beyond you and me Mitch, this about national, heck, international security.’
‘Innocent people died because of you’, Mitch said.
‘Innocent people die during war.’
‘You used innocent people in order to get to me. That’s not war, its cowardish. It’s low. And national security, should not be helmed by cowards!’, Mitch said in an angry voice. 
‘You were a pain in the ass. You should have done your job. Like you were taught!’, Home yelled. ‘But no, he grew a conscience. A little one. And goddamnit Crowne, why had it be you that killed the f*cking vice president.’
‘I was not an agent. I was a killer.. Am... I stopped doing what you wanted me to do, because it was all fake! So, from that moment on, I did what had to be done.’
‘I did what I did what needed to be done. Mia and her parents got killed because of you. You shouldn’t have interfered yourself with innocents. I have no regrets of ordering them to be held captive nor to be killed. It was all for the greater good.’
‘The cabal. Section Y all of those conspiracies. You were in the middle of it’, Turner said. ‘You used the system for a shadow operation that grew so big, you don’t even know who’s part of it anymore. How you think that played out?’
‘I am part of an organization that helped making the world a better, a safer place.’
‘Look around Home, the world is still a crooked place. Only the rich and powerful feel safe. Because they almost no longer need poor and powerless men to hold a gun and protect their asses. What happens ones drones can be turned into weapons? The world got a lot scarier these days and you let it slide away like it is the best thing that can happen for us. Your wrong. Nothings changes for 99 percent of the people in this world. So, I’m wondering, how could you be stupid enough, that a few could have this much and too many got so less?’
Home inhaled and exhaled deeply while Mitch stood up. ‘You’re just a shark Mitch. You kill to still a desperate need. And you know what happens with shark’s don’t you? One day you will fall asleep, maybe because you are tired or maybe you are old. But when you do, there will be someone else that pulls a trigger. You’re day will come. And you Eveline, I’m so disappointed in you. You had it all. Everything that missed in him.’
‘Well, Richard, the world is disappointed in you. I feel ashamed to have worked for you.’
Mitch and Eveline both drew their gun and pointed them at Home.
‘You can still do what’s good Turner’, Home said in one last attempt to turn it all around.
‘I think this’ll be pretty damn good for me.’
‘Crowne, you will never win. The bullet with your name on it has already been made! Remember that I have told you. You’re a shark. Sharks get killed. For their flesh!’, Home said, trying to scare Mitch. But then Mitch put off his sunglasses. So that Home could see the eyes of the killing machine he once created. Mitch’s look defined everything. This was the end.
‘You know the thing about sharks..’, Mitch began. 
‘What?’, Home said with a layer of acceptance in his voice.
‘Sharks don’t sleep!’, Mitch said just before Mitch and Eveline pulled the trigger at both exact the same time. Mitch aimed for his head while Eveline aimed for his heart. Home was dead immediately. His lifeless body fell overboard and into the water. The boat probably ran over his corpse. His corpse that couldn’t be seen once the boat passed it. It was already sinking.
Mitch and Eveline walked towards the back of the sailboat. For both former assassins, this was some kind of conclusion. Once they were battling against each other, now, they fought aside each other. They were heading towards Bermuda. There, she would meet Robert again. The two of them had no future plans. But, that didn’t matter. They could both start anew. 
‘How long till we are in Bermuda?’
‘Two more days I figure’, Mitch said as he grabbed two Corona’s.
‘Never pictured you as the celebrating man.’
‘I’m full of surprises these days.’
‘I’ve texted Robert. He’s somewhere in Miami. He’ll be in Bermuda in two days.’
‘You guys should leave this continent and never return.’
‘And you?’
‘I’ll give you a free passage.’
‘Reddington?’
‘What is in store for me now, should be without you two getting caught in it.’
‘Jeremy Clegane and Ayda Houser?’
‘They have found their path to peace. So will you two. And it starts by never seeing me again.’
‘Robert won’t agree.’
‘He will never know.’
‘Thank you Mitch.’
‘Don’t thank me Turner. That’s not your style.’
‘You’re right. But I found a little thank you better than killing you.’
George Town, Grand Cayman, 14 February 2010
Raymond Reddington was waiting in an empty old factory with Dembé and Luli. A limousine showed up right on time followed by an SUV. The two vehicles parked across Reddington’s armoured Mercedes. Two men in a suit stepped out of the SUV and opened the left back door of the limousine. And older man joined the two. He sighed deeply before he walked towards Reddington.
‘Mister Fitch. How pleasant you found the time to stop by.’
‘Don’t push it to hard Reddington.’
‘So, you guys found a way to come to agreements with my proposal?’
‘We have unfinished business to attend to.’
‘As promised, we’ll deal with it.’
‘When?’
‘He’ll show up mister Fitch. Guaranteed. And when he does, we both, take care of it.’
‘Where you need me for?’
‘Since we are somehow business partners now, it’s both our problem. Don’t you agree?’, Reddington said. ‘Now, let’s talk about more important issues Alan. Privately.’
Chapter 7:
Last Blood
Coney Island, Bermuda, 20 February 2010
They arrived in Bermuda in six days. Mitch had his wounds treated by Eveline. His night in Washington forced him to take care of himself in a hurry. Mitch dyed his hair blonde while he dyed Eveline grey. He went into town solo to buy more expensive clothes for both Eveline to wear and Robert. His sailboat was laying next a pier on Coney Island. They had sight on Wade international airport. Robert would arrive today in Bermuda and was going to be reunited with Eveline. The pair had an highly unlikely relationship that beside themselves only Mitch knew about. Eveline put on one of the dresses and walked towards Mitch.
‘What do you think?’
Mitch grinned. ‘Obviously not your style. Perfect fit though.’
‘Which makes me wonder. How do you know my size?’
‘Do you remember Malta? When you lay above me?’
‘You make it sound like we had something.’
‘Well, we have some kind of chemistry.’
‘We have a way of killing people. If that’s what you mean by chemistry.’
‘For what it’s worth, you look like the part. No one, will recognize you as some kind of cold blooded killer.’
‘The grey hair was a nice touch. Never knew you could dye female hair.’
‘Me neither. I remember that my father used to dye my stepmother’s hair. He also said that he used to dye my mother’s hair. Can you imagine, a big though proud American that could easily kill a person hundreds of ways, dyed his woman’s hair?’
‘You at least remember your father.’
‘How come?’
‘My father died before I left Kindergarten. I grew up with my mother alone before I was recruited by the bureau.’
‘How did he die?’
‘Heart attack, while he was driving a car.’
‘How was your mother like?’
‘She was not the biggest socialiser. She tried to start new relationships when I was a teenager though. She is kind but also couldn’t let go of me easily. Sometimes, it was like she claimed me. I loved her, but it also felt like I was suffocating at home.’
‘How is your relationship now?’
‘She’s death.’
‘Predictable.’
‘Why?’
‘The bureau most often recruits orphans. No other family?’
‘You have a brother.’
‘They didn’t know about. Nobody knew about my brother except for Reddington.’
‘He’s your only family?’
‘Some particular person once mentioned that my father was a bad boy in the desert.’
‘What do you mean.’
‘There’s a possibility that the Crowne family is even bigger than Robert and me. And then there’s Mia. She’s not related to me in anyway, but she is the person I care about the most.’
‘You didn’t care about anyone prior to her. You were unable. Almost like me.’
‘You love Robert. He loves you. You’ll be doing fine Eveline.’
‘What if he wants children. I’m not a mother type.’
‘If anything at all life has taught me.. Is that it is filled with unwanted surprises. You don’t know if you gonna like it or not until you have unpacked it.’
‘Sounds like it’s from a book. Poetic. Well, almost. But do you care about Robert or your possible half sister?’
‘I care about him being safe. He should not die because he is related to me. I don’t know if I can even care about him. I think the only reason I care about Mia is because I was unable to prevent her mother from being killed. I hate myself for that. I’m a man that is let by rage.’
‘I never got to be like you Mitch. Thank god I never was. But I think all they have experimented one you has run its course Mitch. You are led by rage. But you care about Mia like she’s your own. You see something in her that you see in the man in the mirror. And when you do, you also see your brother. That’s why you risked everything to safe his ass in Sennen Cove.’
‘Where will the two of you go?’
‘I think I could easily adjust to this place. That house over there sure as hell looks fine to me. Besides, everybody thinks I’m death. They think you killed Home and me on the open water. Thanks to Marlene’, she said smiling. 
‘You should buy a private jet, a boat. Just build a few escape plans.’
‘You don’t need to tell me Mitch. I have a mind of my own. I’m pretty good at saving myself. And Robert.’
‘Do you have enough funds?’
‘You don’t need to worry.’
Palermo, 12 April 2010 
Reddington was sitting on a terrace when Luli joined him for a talk. Reddington was wearing black 
suit pants and a white blouse and his glasses. Reddington looked at the paper she lay on the table without saying a word. It was a picture taken of Mitch Crowne. Facial hair, half long hair. 
‘Have you arranged preparations?’, he asked her.
‘We are ready for takeoff.’
‘Splendid. Then I need to make an appointment.’
‘You really going to do this?’
‘He would be disappointed if I wouldn’t.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘You don’t need to. Thank you for all of your good work Luli.’
Reddington made a phone call. It was a phone call which directly connected him with Alan Fitch. The two set a date to meet each other in Southport. To take care of a last threat to their new found business relationship.. Then he made another phone call...
‘I thought our business has concluded’, Sibranski said.
‘How well are your medical skills Mr. Sibranski?’
‘Do you have a new job?’
‘You may or may not have to save a life.’
‘I’m meeting an old friend. I’m sorry, but no interest.’
‘Maybe you owe saving the life of this particular man.’
Miami, 12 April 2010 
Sibranski was waiting at the airport while held his phone close to his left ear. His friend was about to arrive when Reddington called him. Sibranski was wearing khaki jeans and white shoes with a white t-shirt. Then he ended the conversation and sighed deeply. Sibranski made a decision and grinned. Then he walked away. He typed a message addressed to "red" while he took seat in a cab.
Coney Island, Bermuda, 20 February 2010
Robert arrived late in the afternoon at the beginning of the pier. He was brought by a taxi. Robert stepped out of the vehicle and saw two persons in a little distance. A grin appeared on his face as he told the cab driver that he could leave. While the cab drove away. One of the persons, stepped off the boat. It was a woman, it was Eveline. Robert walked towards her while she waited.
Mitch turned his back at the two lovers while he held a corona in his hand. He threw a piece of bread in the sea while he inhaled sea breeze. He thought about his trip back home. He was going to arrange George and Emily’s return to the united states. So that Mia, could be brought up in the country that was the most safe. He had his eyes on a house in Southport while he was on his way towards Bermuda. And then, whatever time he would have left, would be all spend with Mia. It was part of the deal he made with Reddington. Let Robert loose somewhere safe and he would owe Reddington a favour...
‘Is it too much to ask for you to hug me?’, Robert joked.
‘You wouldn’t want to know the end of it’, Eveline said as the two kissed.
‘God, what have I missed your body against mine’, Robert teased her once again.
‘You like this piece of land?’, Eveline asked seriously.
‘Why?’
‘Because from now on, we are going to life here.’
‘Is it safe enough to stay at one place?’
‘The only person that knows about you and me is your brother’, she said while nodding at Mitch.
‘When you say it like that, I guess I would sure agree with you luv’, he said before they kissed again.
There after the three of them walked towards the house that Eveline had bought. It was empty for years until she expressed her interest. She bought it within a day and was for them to make their own. While Eveline walked back to the sailboat, the two brothers were left at the back of the house. At the veranda.
 ‘Can you believe this. I mean, everything seems so sorted out right now. That I’m asking myself what’s the catch’, Robert said. ‘I mean, why did Reddington cut me loose. Why did he needed me in the first place. And why can Eveline and I have the happily ever after life? If you ask me, it’s all you Mitch. Am I going to lose the only brother I have?’
‘Rob, you need to put that brain of yours at rest.’
‘It doesn’t make any sense Mitch.’
‘Some people have it what others some way wont. That’s not a bad thing.’
‘What do you have?’
Thinking about Mia and his past. ‘Really Mitch, what did you have?’, Robert asked again.
Did? Mitch thought. ‘You deserve something of a pie too. Doesn’t even matter what pie that is. Are you listening to me?’
‘I hate pie Rob.’
‘Pie my bottom. What do you get.’
‘I do not want anything. But if you ask me what I need.. I need you to take care of miss reckless. She deserves a way out of this mess. And you, you have something that I know can make her, well, normal. But, don’t test her. She has an attitude’, Mitch said with a wink and grin.
‘An attitude says who?’, Eveline said with three Coronas in her hands.
They all laughed, even Mitch. 
‘I know you have a distaste for beer Robert, but then again, this is all we have right now.’
Robert looks at Mitch. ‘Don’t look at me Rob. I like her taste.’
‘When do you leave?’
Eveline also looked at Mitch. ‘I have a little time left brother.’
Southport, Marina, 16 April 2010
Reddington and Dembé followed Mitch towards the St. Vitus Dance. When the approached his boat, someone else was standing on deck already. It was an elderly man from where Mitch could see. The three went onboard. As soon as Mitch was onboard, something sharp hit him in his neck, expected.
Mitch woke up later and was confused and drowsy. Unaware of how long he had been out, he knew that someone had grabbed his magnum. Looking around he figured out he was sitting inside his sailboat. Reddington and the older man were sitting on the couch. It had started raining. 
‘Mitch, I rather didn’t want you to meet Mr. Alan Fitch’, Reddington began. ‘You must have seen this one coming, since you lowered your guard that much. You may want to know that we will not harm those you brought to some needing peace (hinting at Mia).’
‘We are far away enough’, Dembé said from outside.
‘He’s a very talented member of my organization Mr. Crowne. I’m very fond of him. Shall we go outside? Have some fresh air?’
‘For havens sake Reddington’, Fitch said but stopped when Reddington gave him a disapproving face. Then Reddington followed Mitch while he drew his gun. Mitch stood outside in the rain when Reddington stopped next to him so both could stand under his umbrella.
‘We both know this was always going to be the end. You fulfil your revenge and me gets the bigger picture. Some kind of mutual agreement. Just like a bad romance story. You can’t have everything without making sacrifices. Make decisions but accept the consequences. Don’t you agree? Do you know the sarcasm about romantic stories?’
‘Yeah, someone always dies’, Mitch says as he leaves his dry space under Reddington’s umbrella.
‘My business has not concluded yet. Far from yet’, Reddington say’s calmly. Crowne opens both his hands, raindrops falling gently on his hands also. Of course he already accepted his faith. Mia was safe, those responsible for his pain were death, except himself. He was ready to go full circle. ‘Legends are created by people. Legends are people that are somehow above and beyond anything we can purchase or control. They are most of all fractures of someone’s experience. An experience where someone or something caused are was the core of something normally wouldn’t occur. Hard times is what I foresee Mr. Crowne. A time where the battle of good and bad will be fought in daylight and night. Here I am, one man only, two if you count my most trusted loyal operative Dembé. I see a legend right here. This legend will be the one who lays its wings on the night. Its very existence Mr. Crowne, won’t be for less than more than its life could possibly be. Like you’ll rise beyond your death. 
‘Between the raindrops’, Crowne says as he’s standing on the back of his boat. Looking at the far horizon. A lighthouse is visible. Southport’s lighthouse. Mia, George and Emily together. The place that is the closest to the meaning the word home defines, for Mitch Crowne that is.. Was...
‘You will be this legend, no one except me understand this.. yet. Farewell... my friend’, Reddington says as he shoots Crowne three times. Crowne falls overboard. Dembé shines a light on the water while Fitch stops next to Reddington. All three men had no visual of Crowne...
Southport, Beach, 17 April 2010
George Dreyfuss and his wife Emily woke up at the same time. While Emily made breakfast for four persons, George walked throughout the house in order to find Mitch. He normally slept on the couch, but he wasn’t there. Mia wasn’t sleeping anymore. She lay on her bed, just staring at through the window. She was breathing calmly, looked peaceful but George knew better than that. George seated himself next to her on her bed.
‘You were downstairs earlier’, George asked in his gentle voice with frowned eyebrows.
‘He’s not here anymore.’
‘Maybe he’s on his boat.’
‘I am maybe much younger than you George, but I know that he’s not coming back for a long time.’
George didn’t really know how to respond to this.
‘That’s okay I guess’, Mia continued. ‘I’m a big girl. He taught me everything I have to know. And I still have you and Emily. You guys are great. I trust you because he does. But more important, I love you both’, she said while putting her hand on George’s hand.
‘We love you to Mia.’
George left the house and walked towards the marina. He was happy to be living in his home country again. Mitch had arranged the house, new identity for Mia and most important, enough funds to life a comfortable life. George sometimes wondered where all of his money came from. Probably blood money from enemies in the past. Mitch was the type of person that would steal from the bad in order to survive. 
George stepped on Mitch’s sail boat. It was clean and a little wet. No traces of anyone. But George knew that it had rained last night offshore. Not here in Southport. George sighed deeply and knew that Mitch indeed was not coming back for a long, long time. He stepped on the back of the ship’s deck and scouted the neighbour. No one would know what happened on sea last night. But it was probably the last blood that had shed. Mitch was maybe gone, but he already saw it coming. He had said so to George and even prepared Mia for his sudden departure. In all his recklessness and dangerous lifestyle, he was able to provide a way out for almost everyone that got in the mess he himself had created the last decade. Had he found a way out for himself? Could he life without the mess? Either a new adventure or everlasting piece. Mitch was gone... George looked up at the sky. 
‘Until we meet again son.’
Federal Point, Zeke’s Island, 17 April 2010
 It was deep in the night and raining for more than an hour. He arrived by car at Federal Point in the evening. From there he went further by boat towards the coordinates he had received. He made a fire at Zeke’s Island and ate beans for dinner. It lasted a few hours before he saw something moving in the water. In the far distance. Then, three gunshots. He was wearing rain clothes and walked towards the beach. Shortly after, a body washed ashore.
‘Motherf*cker’, he said while he grabbed the lifeless body and took it further ashore.
XXX The End XXX
Thank you for reading this book. I hope you enjoyed reading it as I did writing it. I’m still perfecting my storytelling and grammar skills and hope the mistakes you encountered weren’t too disturbing. This story concludes the story I began with The Drifter. I hope you all enjoyed all eight instalments. As for an extra, here´s a little background story about a young Mitch Crowne and Sybren Sibranski
MacShayne
About the author
MacShayne is the pseudonym of a Frisian born Dutch writer and actor. He mainly writes English romance- or thriller short stories. Apart from short stories, he also writes lyrics and film scripts. Currently, he is also working on his first Dutch novel which will tie-in with some of his romance short stories. As an actor, he has made multiple appearances in Dutch or Frisian (short)films and series.
Apart from writing and acting, he also completed Small Business and Retail Management at Hanze University of Applied Sciences, Groningen in 2017. His other interests include supporting football club PSV Eindhoven, collecting various CD’s and DVD’s, sports, history, travelling and reading books. In the future he wants to learn at least three more foreign languages.
Discover other titles by MacShayne
Mitch Crown (book series)
1. The Drifter
2. Manhunt
3. A Dangerous Man
4. Killing Crowne
5. Perfect Enemy
6. Cold Case
7. Chaos
Other Books
Once Upon a Time in Navajo
Contact me
Follow me on facebook via: authormacshayne
E-mail me via: emailmacshayne
Sybren Sibranski
Chapter 1: The Pretender & The Crow
An aspiring politician, a former broker, a former technician and having a degree in medication. But still his true identity was secret like he did not exist. Some call him a ghost, a pretender. He can be whatever he wants and will blend in like a chameleon. Nowadays in 2010 he was an American teacher, teaching philosophies at a high school in Virginia. He was living this life for almost three years which meant he was about to move one towards his next life. He was thinking about becoming a reporter or journalist. He wanted to see more of the world and this could be the perfect job to accomplish that need. But that was not the only reason he wanted to become a journalist/reporter. 
Posfa (Hungary), 27-7-1991
He was born in Hungary in 1986 and had Russian ancestors. It was during the end of the Cold war and the Soviet Union was about to collapse when everything changed. The four year old youngster and his parents lived in a small village called Posfa. Sibranski was showing signs of high intelligence when he was just four year old and had a promising future. His mother told him that they were going to Germany in a few weeks. Germany, the country that his father called the promised land. Lots of work, lots of opportunities for him but it would never come so far.
Earlier that day, he heard his parents screaming at each other. They had a tense relationship, but this was a whole new level. His father was 39 years old at that moment while his mother was seven years younger. The young boy lay on the ground, only looking at the roof of his room. It was white, but if you stared long enough, you would see different shades of white. This was his way to cut himself loose from the real world. From the daily fights his parents had. Okay, fights wasn't the right word. They had discussions. This time it didn't work. He stood up and walked towards the small window in his bedroom.
Besides him, there was only one other child that lived in the neighbour. He was American. His bedroom was only filled with a bed and he almost didn't have any toys. Sometimes, just sometimes, he had permission of his mother to play with his neighbour. Somehow, he felt like a brother he never had. His name was never spoken and his father was an American soldier. He looked outside but didn't see his only friend. His friend was a few years older than him. Maybe almost ten years. That didn't seem to bother both. They usually went into the woods. Usually may be huge word in this case. They only were together for maybe nine times. But for the young Russian it felt more like a lifetime. Besides him, there was no one else to play with. Not his dad because he was always away. Until a month ago he only played together with his mom when she had time for him. He learned to read when he was two and already read books of boys that must have had his friend's age.
It was during a warm summer day when he felt this urge to explore the outside world a little. He made a promise to himself to not leave the yard. That promise was broken when he slipped. He didn't pay attention to where he walked, so eventually he slipped over a death bird, a crow. That is when he met his friend.
'Did you kill it?', the American boy asked him.
Not knowing what the American said, he just lifted his shoulders.
'It's all right.', the American said helping him up. 'You know what this is?', The American asked while he kneeled so he was on eye level with him. 'It's a crow. Very rare in this country.'
Still not knowing what he said, the boy just nodded and tried to say the same word, 'Krauw?'
'Almost, it's a crow', the American repeated. Then he replicated the sound a crow makes and began to laugh. They both laughed. 'Crow', the young Russian said, knowing what the American meant. That was the first American word he learned.
This was also how he would remember the American for the rest of his life. That was, until a group of his students were debating about their former class. It was a history class that was about the early zero's. About the assassination of the vice president. They showed the now adult boy a picture of the assassin. It was that moment when he decided to change his job once again. Because the assassin, the assassin looked like an older version of the person he knew as the crow.
The American took the young Russian towards the woods where he taught him how to climb a tree. That wasn't easy. Because they didn't speak the same language he used his imagination and hands to show the young boy how to climb. They were together for two hours in the woods before they returned home. His mother was very upset while the American had no clue that his mother was calling him an evil person. That same moment, an man that looked ,like the American's dad left the house and joined the conversation.  He spoke Russia. It became clear that he didn't appreciate his mother speaking badly about his son. The boy's mother countered by saying that his son had an evil force in him that was put in him by the devil. She didn't want her son to be affected by such an evil person. The American's parent laughed and shook his head. Then he said the words that changed him forever, in Russian he said: "he will be your son's only chance of survival."
The boy didn't know what changed his mother's opinion about the American boy. But as the discussions between her and his father became more intense, his mother let him play more often with the American. They usually went to the woods where the American taught him how to jump, how to run and eventually they played hide and seek. Most of the times he lost. But somehow it excited him. They thrill to beat the American. Eventually, at their second last "play day", the American encouraged him to join him climbing a tree. That was on his birthday. At the top, he enjoyed his first panorama view and finally understood the word beautiful. The second American word that he learned.
It was a few days later when the two played for the last time. It wasn't like the other days. The American did strange things, exercises. But instead of ignoring his presence, the American taught him how to do these exercises himself. The young Russian boy enjoyed doing the same things as the American, it made him feel proud, but it did hurt his arms though. Then when his father came home, he was taken away from the American abruptly. He stood up and the two looked at each other's eyes. The American put his hands for his eyes, referring to playing hide and seek. They both smiled before the door of his home was closed and his father asked what was wrong with him.
That same day, yesterday, he saw how the American boy seemed to say goodbye to his father. The two hugged and his father carried a huge army bag. He didn't know that this was the last time Mitch Crowne, for him the Crow, saw his father Harvey for the last time.
His parents were debating, he only guessed it was because he played with the American. It made him feel sad. He enjoyed being out of the house. This may result in punishment. Maybe he wasn't allowed to leave the house anymore. After more than half an hour, he left his room and saw both his parents hugging each other. This was the last time he saw his parents together. His father saw him and walked towards him. He explained that they were knocking on heaven's doors and that the gates to paradise would open soon.  
At the same time, his mother was outside to smoke one last cigarette. This was not how it was supposed to end. Until the fall of the wall two years ago, both she and her husband had all the trust in the world that the evil in this world could be extinguished. But what if it was all a lie instead of a test? Was she going to bet her sons life on it? Her daughter was safe in Moscow. They only took their son with them for the perfect cover. But they were liabilities for the KGB. And their former employers were now almost here to take care of loose ends. Then she saw the American boy smoking a cigarette. She was going to betray her husband for this. But she also knew it was the only right thing to do. She had to trust the evil to fight another kind of evil.
Washington, 3 January 2010
His students had left the room except for his best student Emily. He said down in front of her. He was 1.77 metres long, short dark blonde hair with blue eyes. He wore a pantsuit with a black blouse. For a teacher, he was a good looking person at this school. His thin eyebrows almost made him look like a cover model. He was thin and looked smart, like he is. He grinned and looked at her. Emily was a smart student and would be great in everything she could and wanted to be. She had pink hair and wore gothic clothes. She was packing.
'You, it's magnificent', he began. 'If you keep on improving as you did last year, I'll be without a job next summer', he joked.
'I could never become better than you. You're the best teacher I have.'
'Figured out what you want to become?'
'Not really Simon. How did you know?', she asked.
Thinking about all the different life's and jobs he already had, he began to laugh. Simon wasn't his real name. His real name was only for him to know. And the person that he wanted to meet just one more time. The maybe only other person who was living in this world that knew his full name.
'Can you show me that picture about that assassin once more?', he asked gently. Totally off topic.
'Sure', Emily responded surprised.
This person definitely looked like Mitch Crowne. 'Do you know much about him?', Emily asked. 'Would help me with my test.'
'He's not what you think he is.'
Emily didn't understand him. She laughed and stood up before she walked away.
 He opened his wallet and found a picture of him and Mitch Crowne. He also kept his only real passport with him. Just for private reasons. never forget who you were. His full name was Sybren 
Sibranski, a pretender.
Chapter 2: A New Reporter
Posfa (Hungary), 27-7-1991
A group of five men showed up ten minutes after Sybren’s mother finished what would be her last cigarette in Posfa. Two mini vans. Sybren was together with his father in their bedroom when she entered the room. She was in shock but she had to stay focused. There was only one way that her plan would work. She asked Sybren if he needed to use the bathroom. Sybren didn’t need to go. But at some occasions, his mother would sneeze and sigh deeply two times after each other. This was a signal she taught him that he needed to play along. Sybren knew that he had to lie in these occasions for his own good. At least, that was what his mother told him.
They never went to the bathroom, Sybren was taken to the backdoor while the sound of nearing vehicles could be heard from outside. That was not the only thing Sybren noticed. His mother’s hands were shaking, she was scared. This was the first time he experienced a moment where one of his parents were nervous. He was intelligent enough to understand that he had to wait for her in his own room. His mother left the room and probably went back to his father, which she did. She knew that he would never let Sybren get away, just to be hunted like a deer in the headlights. His father was a proud man and he demanded that his only son would die like a man too. Even, if he was just four years old. Though, Sybren’s mother loved him.
Sybren’s father was armed and ready when he asked where his son was. He would not die before him. He would protect him with all he had. So, when the two vehicles approached their lawn, it got to him that he was set up by his own wife. He looked at her and saw the guilt in her eyes. The rage, it’s the rage that could make good man turn dark. It was that kind of rage he saw in the eyes of the American neighbour’s son. The rage he did not see in his son’s.
‘What did you do?’, he asked his wife with a doubtful voice.
‘I saved our sons life!’, she said resolute.
‘It’s not too late, he’s in his room, isn’t he?’, he walked towards the door when the front door was kicked in. He was just in time to see the grenade that was thrown in their direction. This was not an arrest mission, it was shoot to kill. Betrayed by their own country? Was the last thing he could think about when he pushed his beloved wife away while jumping on the grenade, saving her life. He was killed instantly.
The two cars pulled over in front of the house. Sybren heard them. Then a shadow appeared. It was coming from outside. The light of the moon reflected the person’s shadow in Sybren’s room. Then he found out that his window wasn’t locked. It was pulled open. Sybren was about to run towards his parents when he heard a specific noise. The noise a crow produces.  It was his friend. He walked towards the window and then saw that it really was him.
‘You need to go with me’, he said. The American looked over his shoulders and then mimicked what he meant. Sybren understood what he tried to say, but wasn’t sure what to do. It was dark outside and he could get in trouble if he went outside at this moment. And he also didn’t want his parents to fight again this night.
The American tried one more time. He stumbled a few words he was taught minutes earlier. ‘Danger, need to come, mother said so.’ Sybren didn’t respond. He wasn’t supposed to listen to strangers. But then again, he wasn’t a stranger right? The American shook his head and walked away. 
Four men rushed into their home. Sybren couldn’t see their faces. They were tall, big, like human bears. And the terrifying fact was that they held guns in their hands. Sybren was alarmed by the huge blast that was coming from the door. Was this why he had to go with the American? He heard his mother screaming and crying and he was about to call her name when he saw one of the man coming to him, with a gun. Sybren rushed to the window and was able to leave the house just before one of the mercenaries entered his room. But he was spot once he fell with his feet on the ground. A shot was fired at the window, it missed Sybren by two inches. His ears hurt as a result but he knew somehow that he had to run. And he knew exactly where. 
Eventually he was sitting in the tree that the American showed him a few days ago. He wasn’t scared, he knew exactly what happened. The door which was smashed open. The horrible blast moments later. His mother crying and screaming. But somehow, he knew that this was not his end. His mother always told him how bright he was. His father told him that one day soon he would outsmart anyone he knew. And he was only four years old, speaking fluently Russian, Chinese and Arabian. English was another level. It was like the flu for his father. He would never learn English according to his father. It was the language of the devil.
Sybren was four years old when he was sitting in a tree all by himself. Probably, he would never see his parents again. It was night and he didn’t see anything but the stars and the moon. He wasn’t scared, but what would happen now? He could hear footsteps in the dirt, multiple steps at the same moment. He could hear them whispering to each other. He didn’t move a single inch, closed his eyes and controlled his breathing. Like his American friend taught him last month when they played hide and seek.
Then it began to rain. Sybren remembered a moment when his father told him about the rain. He used to say that the rain is one man’s best friend in times of need. But then again, it couldn’t rain all the time. After what felt like hours, the men were gone. Or that was what Sybren thought. He didn’t see anyone. He was shivering from the cold which made it very unlikely no one would sense him now.
Then a branch cracked, and another. Sybren’s heartbeat reached a height that possibly could result in a heart attack. How was this possible? Then he saw the hands coming closer and closer. The shadow of a man almost reached his hiding spot. The light of the moon was reflecting in the gun. He saw the mask and knew he was spot. What Sybren didn’t know, was that the other four were far away and back at his parents’ home.
One of the man’s hands reached out and grabbed one of his tiny legs.
‘You’re coming with me’, he said.
The four year old kicked him against his head and tried to climb further. Without much success.
‘Cute’, the man said before he grabbed his leg again. Eventually Sybren had to give up and was brought to the ground again.
‘Don’t you want to see your parents?’, he said while laughing. Sybren looked at his gun. Was his mother killed by him? ‘Oh, you like toys?’, the man asked him as he showed his weapon.
The man was so busy with intimidating Sybren that he didn’t even call in that he found the child. He also did not notice that they weren’t with the two of them and that someone sneaked towards him, to his back. The man was 1.79 meters long and was athletic build and in shape. His shaved head was disguised by his mask. Sybren was standing in front of the man and he was pointing his machine gun at him.
The third person didn’t make a sound, he held his breath and came closer and closer. The person was almost at the same height as the man with the weapon. He had short cut hair and he wore a black t shirt with brown shorts. So, it was only until he stood one meter behind the man with the gun that Sybren saw that he wasn’t alone. The man with the machine gun smirked as he demanded that Sybren began to walk. Sybren turned his back at him and started walking. The man followed and his machine gun was hanging on his side.
Before he could react, he felt that something itchy was entering his left side. Within a second he tried to grab the knife that was put in him. Before he even knew what was about to happen, he felt how his machine gun was slit of his shoulder. He saw that Sybren ran away before he turned around. Mitch cut the shoulder straps of his gun when he jumped at the bigger man, just after he put his knife in the man’s side as distraction.
‘Give it back punk. You get yourself killed’, the bug guy said.
Sybren took cover in a hole and saw how Mitch was pointing his gun at the man that almost killed him. He recognized his American friend immediately.
‘You’re not going to kill me’, the big guy continued.
‘Shut up’, Mitch said in a for his age deep voice.
The big guy tried to laugh until Mitch loaded the weapon and put it off safety.
‘Be quiet’, he said. ‘Get on your knees.’
The big guy didn’t follow his instructions so Mitch grabbed his second knife and threw it at him. It entered his right leg and he stumbled immediately to his knee.
‘Turn around’, he said.
The big guy followed his instructions and shook his head. It was unbelievable that he was beaten by a child. Who was this son of a b*tch!?  Was what he asked himself?
Sybren saw how the American boy used the weapon to hit the man on the back of his head. The big guy fell forward and stopped moving. The American walked towards him and stopped eventually two meters away from him. ‘Come’, was what he said. Sybren understood what he meant as soon as he saw that his friend offered him a hand.
The two of them walked back towards the village. They went to an old barn at the end of the street where Mitch broke into. The two of them were surrounding in the darkness and he didn’t see anything until Mitch started a moped. He drove outside while Sybren followed him. He was instructed to sit in front of his American friend. At the same time, the other four men saw the light of the moped. Mitch drove to the street where the two of them were caught in sight by one of the other men. He yelled in Russian to his partners that he saw the boy. They entered their vehicles while Mitch and Sybren made a right and left the street. The moped had a top speed of 65km/h and it didn’t long before Sybren was able to see the headlights of the following two cars… 
Miami, 19 January 2010
Sybren had left his latest life behind and travelled to south Miami. After he saw the pictures of an adult Mitch Crowne, he decided to find out what happened to the person that saved his life while he was still a child. Mitch Crowne was his name, Sybren never got to know his name until now. How could a person that saved life’s turn into a cold blooded assassin. What was the story behind this all?
That was the reason that Sybren decided to become a journalist.
He hacked into different databases and changed his background once again. His new name was Daniel Lewis, former crime journalist of the New York Times that was recovering after a burn-out. His story would be about the person that assassinated the vice-president in 2001 and presumably in the country as of now.  
Sybren wore typically tourist clothes, a Hawaiian blouse and grey shorts. His hair was cut short two days ago. Miami was much warmer than Washington these days. On his sneakers, he entered a completely white painted building in the middle of downtown South Miami. It was a building owned by a billionaire that collected every piece of public information about crimes in the United States. It was also the only place that would have all the information what Sybren possibly could get about Mitch Crowne.
He walked towards the reception and was welcomed by a thin woman that was of Mexican descent. Her name was Samira, which made Sybren think of a more Arabian background. She was dressed casual but looked even then very beautiful. Sybren put on his smile as she would have expected. Sybren had to act like a common person that was just interested in her rather than the data that was stored here. The last thing he needed was triggering the interest of people. Some people in particular.
‘Hello, you must be Samira, would you like to get a drink with me?’, Sybren began.
‘Mister, how many times do you think I get that question?’
‘Once upon a time it will work, you don’t think so?’
‘Not this time. Can I help you in any other way that doesn’t involve me calling security?’
‘I called a few days ago, about the assassin that killed..’
She must have remembered him immediately because she cut him off. ‘You’re the mister from Washington. The reporter. I’m sorry. I should have known.’
‘Well, let’s call us even. I wasn’t very kind to you.’
‘I will escort you personally’, she said.
Sybren followed her lead into a giant hall that was filled with boxes. They were all tagged with names and numbers. He was at the right address, that was for sure. Who else in the world would be also this interested in old crimes?
Chapter 3: The Diary Of Crime
Posfa (Hungary), 27-7-1991
Life will run its own course, doesn’t matter if you’re born wealthy or poor, smart or not so smart. You can never expect what life has in store for you, that’s life. Sybren Sibranski was staring at the headlights that were coming closer and closer. He saw the shadows of the trees on both sides of the road, he felt something hidden deep inside him flow away, he wasn’t scared? He was if he could. But a four year old looks differently at things than adults.
He closed his eyes and thought about heaven. A place his mother taught him about. Was he going to that place and meet his parents again? Even though he was four year old, he knew the meaning of death already. His uncle died one month ago, his grandparents died when he was two and his older brother disappeared before he was born. The sound of wind was feeling like someone told him goodbye. It felt peacefully against his skin, tender as his mother’s hands. For a moment there, he believed that he could feel them holding him close. He felt protected. He felt a real hand. Then he woke up. It was a hand, but not one of his parents’ hands.
‘Are you awake?’, the American said.
Sybren didn’t understand what he said. But he thought that it probably was the best thing to do to let him know he could hear it. ‘Yes’, Sybren said in Russia.
Mitch didn’t understand Sybren’s language. But he did know that Sybren was awake. For a moment there, he thought he’d lost the youngster. He tightened his grip. At least, that was what Sybren felt.
But at the moment where it almost felt like one of the cars touched the moped, he saw that the American was trying to show him something. That’s why he felt his grip tighten. He tried to say to Sybren to hold him tightly. Sybren put his short arms as much as he could around Mitch and grabbed the boy’s jacket.
Mitch did not hesitate for a moment. Sybren understood the message and so it was time to leave the road. Just before the first car behind him was able to hit them, Mitch made a left and drove towards the side of the road. Within seconds he and Sybren jumped into the air with the moped and over a side ditch. The first car stopped eventually and didn’t follow the boys since they wouldn’t be able to jump over the ditch.
Mitch sighed deeply, Sybren felt Mitch’s heart beating fast paced. He himself was excited by the jump. But he was relieved that they weren’t followed anymore. He asked himself where they would go. Mitch turned off the light and continued driving at around 20 kilometres/hour. After almost an hour, they stopped next to some bushes. They both stepped of the moped and he hid it. Eight minutes later, he counted. Eight minutes until a helicopter could be heard.
Sybren saw that Mitch was making himself small and took cover under the bushes. Mitch whispered to him. Sybren couldn’t hear what he said and also didn’t see what he was trying to say since he focused more on the sound of the helicopter and walked towards the direction where it came from. The American was so quiet that Sybren forgot where he was at the moment when he saw a light in a short distance. Sybren immediately knew it was a search light. Before it came too close he heard someone approaching him from his back.
Mitch saw Sybren’s shadow. Thank god it was a clear night. He was able to grab Sybren and return to his hiding spot just before the search light was able to spot them. He sensed that Sybren was about to say something and shushed him to silence. It then occurred that Sybren’s left shoe was missing…
Miami, 19 January 2010
Imagine a gym hall, that big, but forget about the rest. Replace the emptiness of such a space with a few desks divided over the corners and the centre of the space. The rest of the space divided over dozens of aisles filled with racks that easily are four meters high. Owned by a rich millionaire that has a little over average interest in the crimes of the United States.
Sybren was in a building nicknamed the diary of crime! If you wanted to write a story about true crime, this was the place in Eastern America you had to go. Sybren was sitting behind one of those desks. Besides him, there were only three more people in this building. One was the receptionist and another was the security guard. His desk was filled with papers and documents that were available for the public. Everything related to Mitch Crowne and was publicly known was on this one by two meter desk. Like Sybren got to know for the first time who his friend really was.
Reports about the assassination were unspecified and didn’t reveal much, however, there was a report about a tragedy that occurred in Moscow and London were his involvement was suspected but never proven. All this time that Sybren was working his way through the files on his desk, he forgot to pay attention to the fourth person that was in this building.
It was a tall dark man that walked by. He passed by at a close range and dropped something in Sybren’s backpack. Without noticing this act, Sybren was about to walk right into a trap. Or wasn’t he? Sybren left the building nineteen minutes later, with his backpack. The dark man that had dropped something in his backpack made a phone call.
‘He left the building.’
‘Good’, was the short and only reply the man got from the person at the other side of the line. He had a James Spader –like voice. That was also the only thing the African man knew about that person who calls himself “the client.”
Black hair, dark brown eyes and of Chinese descent the normal Western person would say. She was 1.72 meters long and he estimated her halfway her thirties. Sybren took a right and walked into an alley. It was still in broad daylight, but he knew that whoever was following him, would act now. Remote, safe and sound. Ling appeared from the other side of the alley a few minutes later while at the same time the black man from earlier that day appeared at the side of the alley where Sybren came from. Sybren was surrounded by the two and knew they were both armed. Sybren never carried weapons, he hated firepower. He used to teach his students the last few years the most dangerous weapon, is a human’s brain. And he planned each decision twelve steps ahead. If he wanted to find out the truth about Mitch Crowne, these would be the people that could probably assist him the best.
Sybren dropped his backpack and took out the wire that Dembé had dropped in it. Then he stepped on it while Dembé stopped at his left and Ling at his right. They didn’t draw their weapon, she began to speak.
‘You’ve been interested in a specific individual lately. How come?’, she asked strict but politely.
‘Would you believe if I told you I know him?’
‘You could try me. But I sincerely would doubt if I’d believe you.’
‘That’s fair enough. You know, I wasn’t that old when I met him. I didn’t even understood what he said all the time. He also didn’t understand what I said.’
‘Are you trying to buy time?’, Ling asked more strictly.
Sybren grinned and looked at Dembé. ‘The real reason you came down here, wasn’t just about my interest in Mitch Crowne. Probably, because you couldn’t find any real background of me. Which means whoever employs you is resourceful and related to Mitch Crowne. How close am I to the truth?’
‘You need to come with us’, she said.
Sybren shook his head. Then he nodded and stretched himself. ‘Thought you would never ask.’
‘Walk’, Dembé said demandingly…
Posfa (Hungary), 27-7-1991
The helicopter circled around at the same position for a while. Mitch thought that they discovered Sybren’s shoe. While he felt the sweat drip from his nose, Sybren sighed deeply behind him. Then Mitch saw that the shoe was not in the search light. It was under the moped. Mitch also sighed and the two stayed in hiding until the helicopter continued his search. After half an hour they continued their journey by foot to a city called Szombathely.
Szombathely (Hungary), 28-7-1991
The next day the two arrived in Szombathely. A city that has a population of approximately 80,000 nowadays. Harvey Crowne had told Mitch that if anything would happen to him or if he was in danger he should go to a specific address. It was the address of some kind of secret United States embassy. It was owned by the CIA and closed two years later when the Europe began to unite.
Mitch and Sybren arrived at the door and were met by a woman in a suit.
‘What is your business?’, she asked in English with an accent.
‘’Danger’, Sybren said as instructed by Mitch
Mitch had taught him to say the word before Mitch would explain the situation. Sybren only knew he had to say what sounded like a word. Mitch had taught him this word while the helicopter was circling around. Mitch had pointed at it and whispered danger a few times.
‘My little brother and I are being hunted. My father just left the country. His name is Harvey Crowne. You can check it out. Please help us.’
Mitch looked again at Sybren, hoping he would be able to take him with him to the United States.
‘Follow me’, the woman said.
Edouard Russell was stationed in Germany at the time and flew over to Hungary immediately. Within eight hours he arrived at the airport nearby. He saw that Mitch was together with a four year young boy and was relieved. When the woman that took in the two said to Edouard that one Mitch Crowne appeared with his younger brother, Edouard thought that something went terribly wrong. Mitch couldn’t know he had a brother. And this was not his brother. He also saw that the two were watching television. Miami Vice.
When the episode concluded, Edouard entered the room. Mitch immediately stood up and was already impressive build. He was maybe eleven, but he looked like he was 15. His real birth year was also a question mark. Edouard introduced himself to the two and took both boys to Washington.
In Washington, Sybren and Mitch were separated from each other at the CIA headquarters in Washington. The two never saw each other again. While Edouard Russell took parenthood of Mitch, Sybren was put into a program by a company called the Centre.
