Bloodbourne
By: Sasha Pruett
©2017 Sasha Pruett
Smashwords Edition

Disclaimers
Though this book does not contain offensive language or descriptive, explicit sexual situations it does contain some violent scenes and is not intended for young or sensitive readers.
This book is a work of fiction. All persons and events are a figment of my imagination and are not intended to portray or resemble anyone. Any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, organizations, events or locales is entirely coincidental. If it does resemble you, you really do have problems don’t you? 
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
Warning: the unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to 5 years in prison and a fine of $250,000.
I give complete credit to the Lord God Almighty of whom I am a humble servant. Without His guidance, love, and grace this book (and all others) would not have been written. On the other hand; all errors, uh-oh's, oopses, and boo-boo's I gladly take credit for.
Acknowledgements
A big thank you to Calibre and its creators. Your program has been invaluable during the editing process.
Dedication
To my Husband, my Knight, my Rock, my Love

Other works by Sasha Pruett

The Costly Obsession Trilogy
Costly Obsession: Animalize
Costly Obsession: Decay
Costly Obsession: Unleashed

From Darkness

Afterthoughts

Kids Zone Children’s Books
Lullies
Sleep Sweet
Mommy’s Lullaby
Daddy’s Lullaby
Bunny Feet

Table of Contents
Disclaimer
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One
Chapter Forty-Two
Chapter Forty-Three
Chapter Forty-Four
Two Months Later
Sneak Peek- Bloodbourne II: Uprising
Sneak Peek- Costly Obsession: Animalize
Bloodbourne

Bourne- A small stream or brook, especially one that flows intermittently or seasonally
- a boundary; limit
- destination; goal
- realm; domain

Bloodborne- Carried by the blood, (Typically of a disease or pathogen)

Bloodbourne- All of the above

Chapter One
Friday! The end of another week, thankfully, and Calynn was more than ready for the freedom the weekend had to offer her. Don’t get her wrong, she loved her job working with animals, but six panicky felines and three angry dogs in one afternoon gave her cause to want to put on her workout clothes and take a nice long run through the trails by her home. Alone; with nothing but the pounding of her footfalls, the steady breaths filling her lungs with fresh air, and her thoughts. It was her way to relax, some people had a few drinks, some vegged out in front of the television, Calynn Moore ran. Her apartment was only a few blocks from the animal clinic she worked at and since it was still summer she preferred to walk when the weather cooperated and today was a beauty. It may have been August, but the heat wave had been temporarily broken and every fiber of her being itched to be out in the sun breathing something other than recycled air.
She should have been paying attention, but her mind was already tracing her path through the forest trails when she nearly ran into him. There, in front of the door to her third-floor apartment he waited, the largest dog she’d ever seen firsthand in her life. Even sitting down it nearly came up to her chin.
“Well hello there. Where’d you come from?” She’d always had a way with animals and years of working with the furry race had given her an instant ‘in’ with most critters. It cocked its head intently, popping its pink tongue out of its mouth in a friendly gesture.
It was a massive canine, some kind of wolf hound by the look of it, all scruffy and absolutely adorable. It whimpered at the sound of her voice thudding its huge grey tail on the concrete, while looking up at her with the saddest look in its eyes. Poor thing. It licked her hand and nudged her for a scratch behind its ears. She was such a sucker for animals and this friendly furry beast had her hook, line, and sinker.
“Okay come on, let’s get you inside and see if we can find out who you belong to.” She said with a sigh of defeat.
The minute she opened the door the beast sauntered in like he owned the place making himself at home; bounding onto the couch like it was made for him.
“You know this is only temporary big guy. That’s still my couch.” 
He sneezed and shook his head making her laugh.
“Alright we’ll argue about that later. Let’s take a look at that collar of yours and see if we can find out who you belong to okay.” She found a number and address, but no name; strange. He was well taken care of that was obvious and he couldn’t have been on his own for too long. He was still well groomed and smelled more like he’d just been to the doggie spa than an animal wondering around the streets.
“Well I don’t know what to call you, but at least I can contact your family. What do you say? Get you back home tonight?” Calynn picked up her phone and dialed the number when a small voice answered.
“Hello?”
“Hi, yeah, my name is Calynn Moore and I think I found your dog on my doorstep today.”
“Really, you found him!? You found my Boo?”
“Boo? Is that his name?” The dog cocked his head to the side.
“Yeah, yeah, he’s big and grey and shaggy and…” The little girl was growing more and more excited by the second.
“Yes, I found Boo.”
“Is he okay? He’s not hurt, is he?”
“No, no don’t worry Boo is fine. He’s making himself comfortable on my sofa right now.”
“Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you.” She could practically hear the tears of joy in her small voice.
“No problem. Do you want your parents to come get him?”
“I can’t. It’s my fault he got out. I left the gate open and I’m supposed to check it, but I forgot and my parents aren’t home yet. Could… could you bring him? The address is on his tags. I’d come get him, but I’m not supposed to leave the house and if my mom and dad find out that I’d left…” She sounded like she was going to start bawling all over again and Calynn’s heart sank. She checked the address on the tags again and found it was only a couple of miles out of town. It wouldn’t be that far out of her way.
“No, no it’s okay. I was going to go for a run anyway and there’s plenty of daylight left. I can’t promise I can get there before your parents get home though.”
“That’s okay, I’ll explain it to them.”
“Okay, just give me a few minutes and I’ll head out.”
“Thank you so much Calynn. You have no idea how much this means to me.”
“No problem. Just sit tight and I’ll bring Boo back.” She hung up and turned to the dog taking up the entire couch.
“Well Boo, looks like we’re going for a nice long walk.”
She grabbed a leash she kept around for when she’d bring one of the stray dogs home from the clinic until it found its forever family. Then headed for the walking trails that wound around the town and would cut off a full mile and a half from their trek. Boo was a perfect gentleman and obviously had gone through training. Not once did he pull on the leash or try to chase one of the many squirrels that dashed around the trees and he seemed to know exactly where he was going. They cut through the woods to reach the side road that led out of town and down to the nearly missable paved drive that wound back into the forest.
“Well, I guess this is it boy. Anything look familiar to you?”
He wagged his tail and gave a doggie nod, looking longingly up the drive.
“Okay then. Lead the way.”
The path soon led to a beautiful rock wall and gate that needed a buzz to enter. The girl must have been waiting for her, because the gate immediately unlocked when she pressed the button.
“Looks like we’re expected huh? I bet that little girl is on pins and needles waiting for you.” She gave the furry animal another scratch and continued on. 
This was a nice place and she wondered how the dog had found its way off the property to begin with. The girl had said she left the gate open, but Calynn couldn’t imagine she meant the big one she’d just come through. Maybe there’s a back entrance or something somewhere else. She followed the winding white stone path over lush manicured grounds like those she saw in the magazines they kept in the lobby and past a pond with a waterfall and a spouting fountain in the center. Further in she saw an oasis fit for a paradise retreat. An Olympic size swimming pool resembling a tropical lagoon, surrounded by plants and fed by a waterfall, was nestled on the grounds. With a hot tub, colored lights, infinity spa and all the modern bells and whistles; no doubt it was also heated in the winter and cooled in the summer. ‘Must be nice’, she sighed to herself and continued along the path.
The house was a massive multi-level mansion of glass, metal, concrete and stone that sprawled over more acres than she could see. Yet somehow it managed to blend perfectly into the landscape as if it was always meant to be there. Strange she never knew this place existed. Then again, many wealthy families tended to hide away in their own little corner of the world. Only coming out for social events and business; especially those that think their lives are no one else’s affair. She had to go along with them on that one, she was big on privacy herself. 
As her eyes took in the sprawling manor and grounds she couldn’t help but notice a slender woman dressed in a simple, yet elegant, flowing white dress; perfect for a summers day. Her long, jet black hair gently danced in the breeze as it spilled like ink down the back of the chaise lounge she stretched out on. What looked to be a Bloody Mary dangled in her hand while, what Calynn could only guess to be a couple of servants, stood near-by. The girl’s mother must have made it home already. Hopefully she wasn’t too angry over the whole missing dog situation. People like this usually had purebreds they’d spent a lot of money on and didn’t take kindly to losing such an investment. 
The woman lifted her gaze to take in the stranger walking so freely up to their home with their family pet. She had a welcoming smile on her face as if she had been expected. No doubt her daughter had told her about Boo, but the closer Calynn got to the house, and the woman, the more her skin began to crawl. The hairs all over her body stood on end as her skin prickled with bumps and her heart began to beat hard and loud, thundering in her chest. It was completely irrational, but every fiber in her told her to RUN, and this time she listened; this time she ran. 
The dog took off for its master, trailing the dropped leash behind it, but Calynn wasn’t stopping to watch. Something about this whole situation was wrong. The feeling was so overpowering she couldn’t deny it and at the moment she didn’t care if she looked like a lunatic to some southern socialite. She didn’t understand it, but she wasn’t about to question it and out of the corner of her eye, she could have sworn that it didn’t even look like the same dog anymore. Calynn shook her head and focused, leaving that thought to figure out later as she dashed across the lawn for the tree line in the distance. Ignoring the winding path through the grounds to the gate, she made for the road she knew was beyond those trees. There was something about being out of the line of sight of that place that seemed like a good idea and at this point she was going by pure instinct. She heard a female voice yelling in the background and realized she wasn’t alone on that lawn anymore. The trees were still too far away and she was fully exposed on the plush greenery of the manicured lawn. She swerved to the right, to a field of tall grass and wild flowers hoping it would help hide her, but whoever, whatever was chasing her was fast, very fast. 
She wondered if it was that dog. If the owner had mistaken her for a prowler or trespasser and had given the attack command, but no that wasn’t it. There was something about that woman, about those servants that was off. It was crazy she knew, but every instinct in her screamed danger and she wasn’t about to ignore it. The sun was setting fast and she knew she needed to get out of there before it was gone completely. They may not be able to see her as well in the dark, but she had no idea where she was either and the dark was her enemy. No, it was more than that, for some reason she felt as though she were racing against the sunset, racing against time. Suddenly she noticed four figures had caught up to her in the grassy field and she put on extra speed, ignoring the burn in her legs and lungs. She was the fastest runner in her school, way back when, and it had even opened a door for a small track and field scholarship, but the four figures kept pace effortlessly. Sometimes running almost beside her, and other times running past her then off to the side laughing with glee. They were playing with her, whatever these people were, they were hunting her and by the looks of them, their speed, their ability she didn’t stand a chance and they knew it. 
The sun had disappeared behind the tree line leaving her in shadow when she felt a breeze brush past her followed by a sharp sting. A cut had appeared on her arm, trickling fresh blood sliding down her skin, then another, and another. Each preceded by a gust of wind and sadistic laughter. It was over, she had lost. She could continue to run; to try to make it to the safety of the woods beyond, but she doubted there was truly any safety there anyway. This was their land and their territory. No, it was done, she was done. No point giving them any more of a chase. If she was going down anyway she wasn’t going to make it any more fun for them. So she stopped, dead in her tracks, breathing heavily and looking straight ahead. In an instant she was surrounded and she saw for the first time what, whom she had been running from. Four guys ranging in age from mid-twenties to sixteen had boxed her in. All perfectly normal looking, none breathing hard like her, and most with a look of a pack of hungry wolves eager to pounce on dinner. The oldest, at least she thought it was the oldest, appeared to be the alpha of the pack. He stood in front of her and she met his menacing gaze, refusing to back down. They had her, everyone knew it, but she wouldn’t give them the satisfaction of cowering, crying, or even of asking a simple question. She had a feeling that they’ve done this before; many times. They obviously had the power to make her suffer, but she would defy them in whatever way she could and at the moment, that meant standing tall. Then the world went dark.
*****
They had their sacrifice, though this one was not like the others. Devilicus usually brought them less lively prey. Oh well, she was being prepped and purified and by the equinox would make an interesting feast.
Chapter Two
Time passed, but Calynn barely noticed, she was a prisoner. She wasn’t chained up or even locked in her room, but that meant nothing. She was missing long gaps in her memory. The moon had been full the night she had been captured, and though it only felt like twenty-four hours since then it was only a sliver now. There was evidence of wounds that were nearly healed and traces of ones that had already healed over. She could wonder around the house as she pleased, no one bothered her and outside of a couple of servants standing guard she saw virtually no one. Sometimes she’d glimpse a form through the massive glass windows that were more like glass walls, out in the shrubbery or the woods in the distance, but before she could blink they’d be gone. She was dressed in a simple, short, ivory satin spaghetti strap night gown with a matching robe. Nothing more, not even socks or slippers for her feet. 
At first, she stayed within the house itself not daring to open a door to the outside world. Positive that in an instant one of servants that was always watching her would alert someone or try to stop her themselves. Plus, there were those dog things that prowled the grounds, they looked nothing like that sweet shaggy beast that had lured her there. They had more skin than fur with an oversized rib cage, sharp protruding spine and eyes that were black as coal. She stared through the window at the one only feet from her and wondered if that was the very one that had brought her here in the first place. Every time she looked out the door or windows it was there watching her, waiting for her to what; try to run? Fat chance on that. 
She felt fine. They were feeding her, evidently, but that only made her feel like a Thanksgiving turkey and maybe that’s what she was. Maybe that’s why they didn’t just kill her that first night. After a while she got up the nerve to open the sliding glass doors that led to a massive balcony overlooking the pool area. No one stopped her and by this time the moon was full again. ‘So, it’s been a month’, she thought as she drew in a deep breath of air. She considered trying to walk around the grounds, but maybe that would be going too far especially with that demon dog still watching her from below. It looked like the same one. “Don’t worry I’m not going to try to run for it, I’m not that stupid. Or is that what you’re hoping for? Well you can forget it, I have no urge to end up as kibble. Fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me. That’s from my grandmother. It’s all your fault I’m here in the first place. You are the one that tricked me into coming here aren’t you?” She called down over the balcony railing.
The animal must have heard her because it tilted its head to the side.
“Yeah, you heard me. You just knew I was a sucker for animals, didn’t you?”
The thing shook its leathery head.
“Don’t give me that; it’s no accident that I’m here. You chose me.” The creature just stared at her with those bulging black eyes as she turned and went back in the house that was her prison.
Chapter Three
The master of the house, Sir Drake, sat behind his antique Carpathian Elm desk with his trusted major domo and officer standing dutifully and silently in the corner behind him. The only witness to a very interesting discussion with his wife; the mysterious dark-haired woman that Calynn had seen the first day she arrived.
“Someone has been wiping her memory. Any idea which one of them it could be?” Sir Drake asked arching one thick dark eyebrow.
“How unusual, but why do you ask me such things my love? The boys are your department not mine.”
“I was wondering if one of the girls may be behind this. You know how lively Erzsébet is and irritating her brothers isn’t beneath her. It would be quite the game don’t you think?”
“True, but I don’t believe any of the girls have been in to visit our new pet for any reason. I can inquire of Lana if you’d like?”
“No, not yet. Let’s see what happens and let this play out on its own. It could be quite amusing; for all of us.”
“She seems to be of good stock. I wonder why Devilicus chose this one? It’s not like him. Lana tells me there’s no sign of any of the normal impurities we usually see. No need to wait the full purification time even.”
“True, but I wouldn’t want to interrupt the boys’ enjoyment. They’re always so much sweeter when they’ve endured a little fun. No point picking a fruit before it’s ripened.”
“Agreed, husband, but how will the mind altering affect her flavor? There won’t be the normal influences on the spirit if she’s too at ease.”
“I’ve considered that. Perhaps it will work out in the end. The mind has many ways of producing the same effects and if it fails to bring about a pleasing result then we’ll know to prevent it in the future should one of them decide to try it again. Would you like to join me for the sacrifice, my dear? We could find out together. It wouldn’t be the first time we’ve shared.”
“I may, after you’ve had some time to enjoy yourself, but they’d better not try it next season. I don’t care to have the recipe messed with.”
“Of course, my dear. I shall speak to them. If they want to corrupt each other’s stock that is between them, but ours should be off limits. What you say is right, even if it is some kind of mischief they should know better than to attempt anything with our feast.”
“Do you have any ideas which one could be responsible husband?”
He steepled his fingers as if in thought, “If it’s none of the girls than yes I have a few guesses.”
“Have all the boys been enjoying their new toy?”
“The usual, Rais and Ivan mostly. I have reports that Maximilien has given her a try, though he didn’t seem too impressed. Seems he went right back to his machines.”
“I do worry about that boy. I hope we’re not raising another Drakon. Has he been in to see the girl?” The woman asked hopefully.
“No, but that’s not unusual. He does so despise them. I think, had it been his sacrifice, he would have bled her right then and there in that field.” He didn’t know whether to smile or frown at that thought.
“I guess I can handle that as long as you’re not shamed,” she picked at an imaginary piece of lint on her skirt, clearly agitated, “but Maximilien seems too caught up in his other activities. It’s like a bad habit. I know the other children have their hobbies, but at least they enjoy the hunt even out of season. He doesn’t even seem interested in that. Sometimes I think he actually likes them and this idea of wanting to be called ‘Max’ is appalling. If he is becoming one of those… temperates I expect you to handle it. I will not have a son or daughter of ours shame the house of Drake.” Her back went rigid as she sat up straighter to stare at her husband.
“Relax my dear, he is young and you forget he is being brought up in an age of progress. He doesn’t know the old ways like the others he’s only sixty-two.”
“Sixty-three.” She corrected.
“Sixty-three. Don’t forget that many of our race had the same passions at the beginning of the age of iron and machinery. It’s a fad. He’ll soon grow tired of these excursions and things and settle into a Drake just fine. I have no worries my dear, at present he’s bombarded with something new almost daily. If you remember our youth something new only came along every century.”
She relaxed slightly and gave him a slight nod. “If you believe that to be the case than I believe it too. I trust your judgement. Until tonight?”
He nodded and smiled warmly, waiting for his wife to leave before turning back to his ledger. Lady Anula left her husband to his work and returned to hers. Sir Drake wasn’t too concerned about the mind altering of the girl, but his wife had brought up a good point. The young should know better than to alter his cuisine. No doubt it was one of them attempting to get a rise out of another by taking the fear away from their visits. Of course, it would also be a pleasurable way of experiencing that first terror over and over again. Sometimes the first is the most enjoyable. Either way he’d get to the bottom of it. If it wasn’t one of the girls having a game with their brothers than that left only Rais, Drakon, Ivan or Maximilien. No, he could exclude Drakon, he had no interest in them outside of the hunt and the purge. There was an intense sense of pride and honor in that boy. He would make a fine head of the house of Drake; less likely to let his passions and hunger rule than Rais. Too bad he was the second son. Oh well, he’d make an excellent advisor to his brother when the time came and would be able to take care of any unfortunate business that may arise. Just the task of handling Ivan would be difficult, his bloodlust and sadism knew no bounds. It was entirely possible that he was responsible for the girl’s memory loss, some kind of new experiment in torture. Maximilien was a long shot, but still. Where indulging with the girl may not be as interesting as he’d hoped, messing with his brothers may have proven more enjoyable.
Chapter Four
She knew something was different when she woke up that morning. No breakfast tray had been left on her small table like other mornings and her door had been locked for the first time she’d been captured. Even the atmosphere was different. Or maybe that was just her imagination, but she was willing to bet that her time was up and she was right. A few hours later she heard the click of the door lock and in stepped a man the size of a Mack truck and what she guessed was a servant girl. Their faces as blank and as void of emotion as robots. 
Calynn’s gaze flicked between the two, wondering what her next move should be. The girl looked like she could easily be taken down, at least long enough for her to get through the doorway. The doorway that the behemoth was rooted in front of. No way she’d make it past him. She could hide in the small bathroom a few feet away; if it had a door that is. Although she doubted a wood door would be any match for the big guy, even if she had one. Scenarios began to play out in her mind when the girl stepped in front of her and held out a set of wrist restraints. 
“I can do this,” the girls soft voice bounced around the small room, “or he can.” She nodded towards the man behind her. He crossed his arms and flexed his biceps and Calynn wondered if his shirt was going to rip in two.
“It’s your choice.”
Calynn snorted. Since when was anything since she found that stupid dog on her doorstep been her choice, she wondered. She glanced at the wall of muscles guarding the door. His jaw tensed and his eyes narrowed. There was no getting around him and she highly doubted he’d be gentle binding her hands; he’d probably break a few bones just for the fun of it. She nodded to the girl and held out her arms, hoping that maybe if she appeared to be submissive they’d lower their guard, giving her the opportunity to break free when they least expected it.
Unfortunately, neither of her escorts gave her a chance. Calynn was led from her room by the girl, trough back halls and down narrow staircases while her male escort insisted on keeping his hand clamped onto the back of her neck as he followed her trek through the halls. Sandwiched between the two, she was ushered into a massive room that was part billiard room part torture chamber. It was harvest time. She shivered as she was led past pool tables, dart boards, overstuffed leather couches and chairs to and area covered in black plastic and chained her to the solid rock wall. Her arms were bound over her head and her ankles shackled to a metal ring attached to a drainage grate in the floor. Once secure the two servants left with nothing but the sound of her own breathing and the beating of her heart to keep her company. This was it, she was going to die. It was Thanksgiving Day for these sick freaks and she was the main course. 
The hours ticked by, at least it felt like hours to Calynn with her arms stretched above her head. They’d gone from aching, to tingling, to just plain numb. At first, she’d struggled against her bonds, trying whatever she could to break free, but nothing worked. The chains were solid, the mount to the wall was unbreakable and all she managed on her wrists were to bloody them with the gashes she’d created. The harder she pulled the tighter her bonds became. The only way to break free would be to remove her hands from her wrists, but she wouldn’t even make it to the door before she lost too much blood. Let alone be able to open it. So she stopped fighting, stopped causing her own pain, when she was sure more would come at the hands of whoever had imprisoned her. She tried instead to concentrate on her surrounding, but the tables covered in knives, saws, pliers, retractors, spiked whips, and all sorts of other tools of torment turned her stomach once she tried and failed reach them. Now they just mocked her, and scared her. 
She began to hum to herself. Anything to occupy her mind and distract her from her surroundings. Suddenly, Calynn began to chuckle. There she was, hanging chained to a wall, waiting to die and she was actually bored! Maybe she was finally losing her mind, but she didn’t have time to contemplate it before the door swung open and a broad, dark man with full black hair sporting a touch of grey strode into the room. Behind him followed another huge man, this one bald and tall, and resembled a bouncer at a night club her and her friends once went to on her twenty first birthday. Lastly, a couple of what she guessed to be more servants in plain cotton dress entered, lingering far in the background. As the dark-haired man approached her she saw his eyes, this wasn’t a man, this was a dragon; ancient and powerful and she was the sacrifice. Her heart thudded, but she wasn’t about to look away. This was the reason she had been brought here. She had no memory of what caused the bruises and small scars she saw on her body, but she had no doubt he would do worse. She would shed tears and cry out in pain, unable to stifle the sounds of her torture, but she would not turn away. She would stare him down and not cower. It was all she had in her power to do. This was her only way to fight. She may beg within her own mind for the pain to be over, but if she had to bite off her own tongue she would never beg him!
He strode toward her, stopping just shy of pressing his own body against hers and inhaled her scent deeply. 
She stared. 
He grabbed her chin turning her face from side to side. 
She stared. 
“Yes, very nice.”
She stared, saying nothing in return. She thought about spitting on him, or biting him as he came near her. Even kicking him in the groin if the shackles holding her ankles would allow that, but in the end, she decided not to give him the thrill of thrashing around like a doomed fish out of water.
“Bold I see. Not like the others. Yes, I think Devilicus chose rightly. You will be very… interesting my dear.” He drew closer, closing his eyes as the heat of her skin touched his. The blood coursing through her veins was loud and strong, the smell of her flesh was sweet and… and something else… something more… something…. Drake pulled back, his eyes wide as he placed a hand on Calynn’s stomach. It was there, he hadn’t been mistaken, the girl was pregnant! 
*****
Lady Anula lounged by the pool in her current favorite spot under the canopy of her luxury cabana. The swirling fan above along with the fanning by one of her many servants provided a welcome relief from the warm late summer afternoon. Calendar wise it was the first day of fall, but in the south summer still held sway for at least another few weeks. The slightest of movement caught her attention long before she saw Lana rushing towards her, followed closely by the domestic who had been tending the girl. This was different, but other than the slight raise of one brow she kept her face impassive.
“My lady,” Hurried Lana as she reached her mistress. “I have news relayed to me this second by Millie, the girl’s caretaker that is most urgent.”
“What is it?” Deadpanned the woman.
“My lady, Millie has informed me that the girl is with child.”
Lady Anula’s deathly gaze snapped to the shy servant girl who trembled before her. “Is this true? How do you know this? I was not informed that she was pregnant when she arrived!”
Millie could not raise her eyes from the lush green grass as she spoke, desperately trying to keep her voice from shaking, “It is true your Ladyship, the girl is indeed with child. I am sure of it, while nursing her I began to note a change in her and while Ana took her to the master’s chamber I tested her blood to be sure. She is with child mistress…”
“Go on, there is more isn’t there?”
“Yes, my lady, she is pregnant, but… she wasn’t when she arrived.”
Lady Anula burst into Drake’s chamber just as he was pulling his hand away from Calynn’s belly. The two didn’t need to speak out loud to converse, a special trait of their kind and this conversation required the upmost secrecy.
‘Is it true, what I have just heard?’
‘It is, this girl is with child, but not very. I don’t know why I was not informed, but no matter. This could be a most welcome feast day.’
‘No, my husband, you do not understand. The girl was not pregnant when she came to us.’
It took a moment for his wife’s implications to register. ‘Impossible! This cannot be, you understand this as well as any of us.’
‘True, but the servant who has attended her is positive that she was not carrying when she arrived. I have looked into her and there is no deceit or mistake. Perhaps it would be wise to contact Dr. Edme?’
‘I believe you’re right. This could change everything. It’s best to be sure.’ Sir Drake turned back to look at Calynn one last time before leaving the room in a quick stride. His entire entourage following behind, leaving her alone; dangling like a hunk of meat and wondering what in the world was going on.
Chapter Five
The doctor had been in the family’s employ for centuries and was quite literally at their beck and call twenty-four hours a day, every day of the year. He was as indebted to them as he was tied to them and their wish was his command. He was on sight in minutes and after receiving his orders from Sir Drake was in his lab, running tests on all of the available blood samples taken from the girl. Multiple tests later he was able to confirm that yes indeed, she was pregnant and had conceived after she had been brought to them. The impossible had just become reality and his world, all of their worlds were about to change. Now he sat in the massive study of his employer on the edge of his seat as he reported his findings.
“And you’re sure?” Drake’s look was expressionless, not even hinting at the thoughts and emotions going on inside him.
“Yes, my lord. Not all of the purification samples had been disposed of yet. I was able to procure a few surviving vials. I have been able to test her blood from nearly every day she has been here. There is no doubt, she became pregnant while in your… care.” The doctor phrased his words as carefully as possible.
“How is that possible? Have you in your research or experiments ever come across anything of this nature?”
“No, my lord. No one from any of the clans has been able to successfully mate between the bloodlines. There have been many that have tried and always failed.” Edme knew his loyalty was being called into question.
“How disgusting.” Lady Anula nearly spat the words.
“I agree my lady.” He didn’t dare look to his master.
“Well that leaves the question as to how to proceed in this matter.” Sir Drake spoke as much to himself than to the others.
“Doctor, what is the likelihood that the girl will survive?” She asked, recovering from her revulsion as if it had never been.
“She is quite healthy my lady. Your servants have taken excellent care of her. I have every hope that she and the child will be just fine as long as her care continues and she is left in peace that is.”
“Naturally.” Drake and his wife shared a private tete-a-tete before continuing their conversation.
“This is our wish doctor. You will stay here and continue to care for the girl and the unborn child. You will dedicate your life to it. No mention of it shall pass your lips to anyone; not even those of this house! No one outside of me or my wife. Is this clear.”
“Yes, my lord it shall be as you command.”
 “Good.” Drake turned from Dr. Edme silently dismissing him. “Well my wife, I suggest you inform the children that the young woman is to be left alone. Are they all in house?”
“All have returned except Drakon and Delphine. I’ll have them notified the instant they return.”
“Very well, and she has been returned to her room?” 
“Yes, her servant has been instructed to bring her extra provisions and to see to her comfort. I thought it best to do a little too much than to do too little; at least until we were more aware of the situation.”
“Quite right my dear, how thoughtful you are.” The smile he gave her was pure gold as if they hadn’t been discussing the life of their captive only moments before.
“Well if you gentleman will excuse me I have some things to take care of.” She rose from her chair without waiting for either of them to respond. 
The two stood as she did and gave a slight bow as she left the room. Drake had waited patiently for his wife to leave, making her way further from his study before beginning another topic with the good doctor.
“Dr. Edme, there is another task I have for you. I want you to devote the time that you’re not caring for the girl to discovering the reason behind her conception. I want to know why, how this is possible? This is to be kept between you and me alone is that understood?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“Good. Dismissed.” He waved his hand, the conversation clearly over, “Hamil set a guard at the girl’s door. She is not to be disturbed.”
His personal servant who had been quietly standing at attention in the background, bowed his head and left the room without saying a word. The only ones who knew about the pregnancy were the doctor, the lord and lady, and the three servants that were involved, but they would not say a word. They couldn’t. Containment was essential at this point. These six were the only ones to know, these six and one more.
Chapter Six
Lady Anula made the rounds throughout the household. Quickly informing each of her offspring that an issue with the sacrifice had arisen and that she is strictly off limits from that moment on by order of their father, the Head of the House of Drake. No one argued, at least not out loud and all would obey whether they liked it or not.
“My dear Erzsébet, is Delphine still in Milan?” she caught her daughter in the hall.
“Where else?”
“And your brother Drakon?”
“Still hunting or doing whatever it is he does out there? I don’t get it mother, why hunt animals when humans are so much more entertaining?” Erzsébet scrunched her brow as if this were the question of the ages.
“It’s something about the honor of animals. Drakon sees humans as vile and corrupt beings not deserving of his time.”
“Whatever.” She rolled her eyes in exasperation at her brother’s pride.
“I don’t think I’ll ever get used to your ‘modern’ vocabulary my dear. Please inform Delphine when she returns of the forbidden interference with the girl. Same as if you see Drakon. I’m sure I’ll have no difficulty with you obeying this will I?” Her mother arched her brow.
“Of course not, why would I? I never took an interest in her before. Rais and Ivan are the two you should be worried about.”
“Because my dear. You may not have been interested in her before, but now that she is off limits she has become infinitely more fascinating to you.”
“True, now that you mention it mother, but don’t worry I’ll behave; this time.”
“Good. See that you do.”
*****
He was an expert of maneuvering around the house without detection. Sharpening his senses to such a degree, that other than the private telepathic link his parents shared, he could listen in on anyone’s conversation from nearly any corner of the mansion. He, like the others had returned home surprised to find that the girl was still alive. He had fully expected by now that all traces of her existence, just like all the others, would have been wiped from the face of the earth. Now he discovered that not only is she alive, but the doctor had been called in to confirm that she was pregnant.
He went unnoticed in the lab. Completely hidden to the doctor and his assistants. Taking what he needed. Then made his way throughout the house listening to every conversation he could. He had to know, was it his? He was about to steal into her room to find out for himself when his mother returned to the study. Fortunately for him his parents, feeling safe with the idea that they were the only ones with such important knowledge, held their conversation the old-fashioned way. He heard every word.
“My dear?”
Sir Drake looked up from his papers, “Yes?”
“I’ve been thinking my love. I know during our earlier discussion that we had decided that we’d wait and see if the girl survived the birth. Then possibly keep her on until the child is weened before disposing of her, but I’ve been wondering if that is the wisest course of action?”
“Why is that my dear?” He put his papers aside and motioned her into her regular chair.
“If this child is all we hope it to be, then why limit ourselves to just one? Why waste such an opportunity?”
Drakes eyes brightened and his smile stretched wide. He threw back his head exploding into a full laugh, “You truly are my equal my dear. I was so consumed with the how, I neglected to think of the possibilities!”
“A child with all of our strengths and none of our weakness would be a powerful asset indeed. With such a force as that the House of Drake would rise to be the greatest of all the clans.”
“Marvelous, absolutely marvelous! And if the child is not satisfactory; no matter. She would still make an excellent breeder don’t you think?” His mind began to reel with the possibilities.
“That’s not quite what I had in mind husband. She may have conceived under rather oppressive circumstances this time, but her body may refuse to conceive again under such emotional stress. Humans are such fragile things my dear.”
Sir Drake deliberated this for a moment. “Yes, my wife, I had not considered that. She would do much better connected to the family. Whom did you have in mind? Not Rais?”
“No of course not my love. Even such powerful offspring couldn’t warrant the disregard of Nobility. No, he will marry a Noble woman just as his birthright demands. I believe the daughter of the head of the Predaré clan has been putting herself forward, she’s a fine match and it would be advantageous to have the Predaré’s on our side. No, I was thinking that we could hold onto her until either Ivan or Maximilien is of age to marry.”
“I don’t believe that would work. Being human she would be past her child bearing years and I wouldn’t want to attempt to subjugate her like the servants. It might interfere with whatever anomaly allowed her to conceive in the first place. Besides once the child is born we will know who the father is and if she is not wed by then I suspect Rais will claim her and the child, especially if it is his.”
“Is he that taken with her?”
“Her no, the power that would come from their offspring yes. I have little doubt that he would choose to seize it and take his place as the head of the House of Drake. After all, I would have over thrown my father had the opportunity arisen. I expect nothing less of my heir.”
“True, he is your son. Then what are you proposing? Ivan is nearly sixty years from the marrying age.”
“No, that wouldn’t do. I’d be concerned that Ivan would turn her into one of his demented experiments and Maximilien is too immature to carry out our plans. No, I believe this is a task for Drakon.”
“Drakon! My dear have you lost your senses. He would sooner end his life than be attached to a human female. You’d have a better chance of marrying her to one of our underaged sons than to Drakon.” She nearly fell out of her chair.
“True he does have a dislike of them.”
“That’s putting it mildly my dear.”
“But he is also the younger son and has recently reached the age of marriage. No one would question his choosing to marry an unknown. Even if news of the pregnancy were to surface no one would think it questionable under our mandates. They would think him young and impetuous and most likely tied to a woman of lower rank because of his impulsiveness. If he were to marry the girl before the birth of the child then even if it were to be discovered to have been sired by Rais, neither would have any recourse in the matter.”
“Yes, my husband, on the surface I would agree, but how will you convince Drakon of this?”
“He would not dare defy the head of the House of Drake and his father. Regardless of his distaste for humans.”
“My dear, out of all your subjects and your children he would be the one to try.”
The figure in the shadows had heard enough, he needed to act quickly while there was still time. He hurriedly made his way to the girl’s chamber, to get the answers he needed. It was time to find out once and for all if this child was his.
Chapter Seven
Calynn stood by the small window in her room. They had locked her in the second she had been escorted back. She had expected to die that afternoon, was ready for it; almost. No doubt the monster she was facing would cause agony like she’d never known and she wouldn’t be able to control her cries of pain, but she would not beg him anymore than she would the other four. Then, without warning she was sent back to her room to await her execution once more, but with one major change. 
She had little memory of her time there. Entire days were missing, but she could put enough pieces together to know what was happening to her. Whatever they were treating her with was working quite well. She felt no pain and there was little trace of any bruising, but she still knew they were torturing her. Why they had removed any memory of it though was beyond her? That almost seemed like a mercy and she was sure mercy was one word that was not in these creatures’ vocabulary. Calynn subconsciously stroked her belly with her thumb. It didn’t take a genius to guess what the issue was, she’d had plenty of time to come to the conclusion hanging in that torture chamber. Somehow, one of those things had knocked her up and now they were in a panic. Guess this kind of thing didn’t happen very often. It definitely wasn’t in their designs any more than it was hers. Would they kill her outright or wait until the little abomination was born then get rid of her? Whatever their plan was she was sure it wouldn’t play out well for her. 
She shivered at the idea and the feeling of being watched settled over her again as she probed her missing memory for anything that might help her, but perhaps she was better off not knowing. Her days melded into a blur of walking the halls and staring out at the freedom just beyond her reach and suddenly she was very tired. Coming so close to a torturous death and discovering you were carrying a monster child will do that to a person. She turned from the window, ignoring the tray of food and drinks she’d barely been able to pick at and slipped between the covers of her bed, wondering if her thoughts would even allow her rest. It didn’t matter, with the adrenaline gone and the day wearing on her sleep came easily. Drifting into unconsciousness, she never noticed the presence hovering in the shadows.
The form waited until she was truly asleep before emerging from the darkness. He watched her just like he had nearly every night since she arrived, but now was not the time. He had to take extra care not to be noticed, and would need to be quick. Carefully he slid his hand under the sheet gently placing it on Calynn’s abdomen just as his father had done. He wasn’t sure if it would work. It was a long shot, but the instant he touched her a shock ran through him from his finger tips to his toes and he felt the child growing inside her; his child, but how? He left her room the same way he’d entered and headed for the massive library. It was rarely used by anyone other than one of his sisters and was more of a status symbol of the great family of Drake, but it also held a history of their kind and very possibly an answer.
*****
He was close, Calynn could feel him just beyond her reach. Always present, always watching, and then he was there, holding her, touching her; a comfort in the darkness. She tossed and turned in the bed as the dream continued. Broken images of a man she could never truly see, his face hidden in a blur of missing memory. When she awoke the next morning she was in a different room, one that was more like a guest suite than a prison, but call it what you will it was no different except this time the door was still locked.
*****
Drake summoned his sons to his private study the moment Drakon had returned the next morning. He wanted to watch the reactions of each as he revealed the girl’s condition. A lot could be learned by the glances and twitches that would pass between them. His wife would inform the girls later that afternoon.
He stood behind his desk, his face a blank mask as he faced his heirs. Rais and Maximilien sat relaxed in the luxurious leather chairs, but Ivan and Drakon had remained standing, almost at attention. “Congratulations,” he bolted out almost sincerely, “it seems one of you has managed the impossible. The girl is with child.”
The dumbfounded looks on their faces was priceless.
“Care to exact a guess as to whom the father is?” He asked as he sat down, not once taking his eyes off the stunned faces in front of him. “No? Well no matter. For now, the girl is completely off limits to all of you including your sisters. I won’t have her bothered in any way, unless she approaches you and speaks to you directly you are to avoid her. Do I make myself clear?” His gaze was had as stone.
“Yes sir father.” It was said in unison though some were more enthusiastic than others.
“What do you plan to do with her?”
“Worried Ivan? For now, nothing. Dr. Edme is taking care of her and the child. Any other questions?”
The group exchanged wary looks, they were all thinking it.
“Yes, the child. We are unsure who sired it as yet, but we will find out soon enough rest assured. For now, you are to leave the little mother alone. Understood?”
“Yes father.”
“Good. Now go, I’m sure you have more interesting things to do today.” Without another word the group left, each of them with their minds full. Some more than others.
Chapter Eight
Calynn stretched and shifted under the covers, hanging on to the last of the dream that kept playing like an old movie over and over in her mind. It was the only comfort she had in this place. Granted her surroundings were much nicer since they moved her to her new surroundings in the middle of the night. One minute she was feeling very drowsy and the next she woke to find herself in the biggest, softest bed of her life. It was certainly better than that small room with a bed and small metal eating table and chair, but if she was still locked in what did it matter? The curtains swayed in the breeze from the open balcony doors, at least she could enjoy the fresh fall air. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad, considering she was waiting to die that is. Before she even had a chance to check out her new digs there was a small knock on her door that nearly sent her jumping out of her own skin. It was a miracle she didn’t fall out of bed and onto the floor. No one ever knocked. A small timid girl who looked to be about twenty dressed in a simple servants’ gown and dark blonde hair tied in a bun entered the room with a tray and Calynn had the vague notion that she knew her.
“Good morning mistress, I have brought you some breakfast. I wasn’t sure what you’d like so I took the liberty of selecting a few things the doctor has suggested for you.” Calynn watched as the girl set the tray onto a small ornate breakfast table across the room.
“I thought you might like to eat in here this morning. There’s fresh fruit, eggs, oatmeal, and milk. My name is Millie. The Lady Anula has requested that I be your servant. If you need anything I am here to attend you.”
“My servant? What is this? What happened to me being on the menu and you can take that away I’m not hungry.” She crossed her arm in front of her chest clearly showing her irritation.
Millie only stared at the floor. Making Calynn feel like a first-class heel and she sighed in defeat, uncrossing her arms.
“I’m sorry, you said your name was Millie?” She couldn’t believe that she was the one apologizing, but as timid as this girl was she wasn’t going to get anywhere by venting her anger out on her.
“Yes mistress.”
“And you were sent by whom?”
“Lady Anula. She is the lady of the House of Drake and wife to the master.”
“Why has she given me a servant?”
“To make you more comfortable miss.”
“Is this because of the baby?”
Millie looked shocked and scared all at once.
“It doesn’t take a PHD to figure it out. Don’t worry I won’t say anything if it’s a problem.” She decided to try the nice approach, maybe she could get enough information to help her get out of here. “My name is Calynn.” She noticed the girl ease a bit and decided to go for it.
“Very well, I guess we should get acquainted.”
Millie smiled.
“How long have you been here?”
“I’ve been in the service of the House of Drake for almost one hundred years.”
“One hundred! Are you… are you like them?” Calynn lowered her voice.
“No mistress I was human once.”
“Once?”
“Yes miss. I was dying of tuberculosis, but I was scared, very scared. I met Dr. Edme at the hospital and he saw the fear in me. He told me that he could save me, but in return…”
“In return you would become a servant.” It was more of a statement than any question.
“Yes miss, I don’t regret it. It may not be the best life, but I am well taken care of. I have protection, food, a home and I’m healthy again; no sickness and no pain ever.”
“How is that possible?” Her curiosity was piqued.
“I don’t know exactly how it’s done, but the doctor uses the blood of the Masterkind to produce a serum that can cure anything. Heal anything.”
“Is that what you used on me, to heal me?”
“Not the same no, but it is similar. For us it prolongs our life by hundreds of years and slows the aging process. For the purification we use a much smaller, more diluted form to boost the body’s natural immunities and healing processes.”
“Purification?”
Millie dropped her eyes to the floor again, afraid that she’d already said too much and not too sure how Calynn would take the truth.
“It’s alright Millie, I’m not holding it against you. I can figure out why I’m here, I’d just like you to fill in the gaps that’s all. Is that alright?”
She nodded slightly, “When a person is chosen, we clean them up and administer regular doses of the purification serum. It cleans the blood of disease and any narcotics that may be in the system. It takes about six weeks for all traces of infections or addictive substances to be purged from the body. It also heals any wounds inflicted by the master’s children while they …” She couldn’t finish and in all honesty, Calynn didn’t want her to either.
 “Do you know who the father is Millie? The father of the baby?”
“No.”
“But you have an idea, don’t you? I mean you were the one looking after me all this time, six weeks, right? You must have some idea who’s responsible for this.” She placed her hand on her belly. “What about the parents, the masters of this place, do they know?”
“No miss, no one knows. There is Lord Drake and Lady Anula, but they do not know either. The master only saw you on the day of the feast, he never touched you. There are seven children, three ladies, and four young masters.”
“So, it could be any of the four sons, is that what you’re saying?”
“Only three… visited you my lady. The young Lord Drakon does not care to interact with those being purified. He never entered your room, and the young Lord Maximilien only visited once. The two most likely to be the father would either be the eldest, the young Lord Rais or his brother Ivan. They were with you the most.”
“Why can’t I remember? Is that part of the purification process?”
“No miss, no one knows who is responsible for that either. The Masterkind have the ability to alter the mind, especially the memory, but not even the lord and lady know who is responsible for it.”
Calynn almost laughed. These people were almost as clueless as she was. “What about you, the servants I mean. After you were healed why not just leave?”
“We can’t. Once we take the serum we’re bound to it. Without it we’ll shrivel and die within days.”
“Ah, I’m sorry.” And she truly was.
“It’s a good life here miss.”
“I’m sure it is Millie.” She paused, she’d hoped this whole ‘hundred-year-old’ deal was some sort of fabrication, but the odd way Millie spoke was quite convincing. Hoping to keep her talking she changed the subject, maybe it was some sort of act. Like those people that dress up and live like they’re in medieval times. “You called them the Masterkind, what is that?”
“I don’t know, that’s just what we servants call them. None of us are privy to the history of them. They are very protective about it, and we dare not inquire on our own.”
Calynn had gotten out of bed and made her way over to the tray of food, picking at her breakfast and looking around a room that was nearly as large as her own apartment. “So, what now?”
“The Lady has requested that I inquire as to what you would like to eat so that the cook can order whatever is necessary. Tomorrow if you feel up to it I have been ordered to take you on a tour of the house.”
“They don’t plan on keeping me locked in here?”
“Oh no mistress, not at all! That is only for today while preparations are being made. The lord and lady are informing the young masters now that they are to leave you alone completely and that you are to be free to roam the house and grounds as you please. This is only the bedroom; your sitting room is through that door.” Millie pointed in the direction she had come from. “Your lavatory is through there and the other door is your dressing closet. Oh and Dr. Edme will be making regular visits to care for you and the child. If there’s anything you need I will be right outside just knock or call me and I will hear you.”
“So, I go from free range dinner to what, guest, just because I’m knocked up is that it?”
The poor girl looked as confused as Calynn felt. “I mean, I’m no longer on the menu, right? I’m no longer a sacrifice because I’m carrying… one of their… offspring?”
Millie’s eyes grew wide with understanding, “Oh no miss. The Masterkind would never hurt one of their own!”
Somehow Calynn doubted that, but at least it was a reprieve; for the time being. “Thank you, Millie.”
“Can I bring you anything miss? Anything that you would like to have that would make you more comfortable?”
Yeah, my over-sized robe, and my couch, in my apartment. “No thanks. I’m fine for now.”
“If you need anything, miss I’ll either be waiting in the sitting room beyond or outside in the hall.” The servant nodded and left and Calynn rushed to the bathroom. Her eyes nearly bugged out of her head. The only time she’d seen something as grand and huge as this was on television. The bathtub was more like a ten-person jacuzzi and the separate shower looked like it could fit just as many. The closet was more like another sitting room stocked with clothing and when she peeked into the ‘sitting room’ she found Millie standing like a statue across the room. A fireplace, a baby grand piano, and the longest lushest couch she’d ever seen were just a few of the amenities lit with dozens of tiny rainbows of light from the crystal chandelier hanging above. Well, she had a few more answers now and as of tomorrow she could start scouting the grounds for escape routes. Millie must have unlocked the bedroom door when she brought her breakfast, but she’d be willing to bet the door from the fancy parlour was still sealed tight. Might as well eat and rest up while she can.
Chapter Nine
After the others had left the house that night for whatever trouble they could get into and Calynn was sleeping soundly, he made his way to his father’s study and knocked firmly.
“Enter.”
He stepped through the door with the same boldness he always carried.
“Drakon, what a surprise. Out of all my brood you were the one I least expected to turn up on my doorstep. This ought to be interesting.” He motioned for his son to sit.
“I’ve come to acknowledge my responsibility in siring the child and to submit to whatever action you feel should be taken.”
“You Drakon?” Sir Drake was visibly surprised and he stumbled to regain his composure, “I admit I’m… astonished. I believe an explanation is in order.”
“I’m sure you have been informed of the girl’s detection of us when she first arrived along with her escape attempt and you have no doubt noticed her… spirit.” His voice was steady and detached as if he were reciting the minutes of a meeting.
“Yes, I have rarely seen such strength in a sacrifice; even with my history.”
“Exactly, and this fire set Rais off like I haven’t seen since he began hunting. It was quite amusing to watch him try to break her, but she just wouldn’t budge and truth be told I helped a little.” A bit of mischievous pride entered his words.
“I take it then that you’re responsible for the mind altering?” Drake couldn’t suppress his smirk.
“Yes. I may prefer not to indulge myself like my brothers, but that doesn’t mean I can’t use the human to entertain myself in other ways. So I did.”
“I suspected it was something along those lines, though you as the mastermind is unexpected. I imagine both Rais and Ivan were quite put off, but that doesn’t explain the child, Drakon. Let’s talk about that shall we?”
“Yes sir. As I was saying, she was merely a means to an end. It wasn’t long before the novelty of the memory altering wore off so I decided to take things a step farther. I would succeed where Rais was failing, not only would I break her, but she would give herself to me; willingly. I figured that would really get him, to know that his younger brother, his inferior had out done him. It took ten days, in only ten days she succumbed to me and I had succeeded where Rais had failed so miserably. That was enjoyable if nothing else. I probably could have done it in seven, but haste makes waste as they say.”
“I see, but why do you believe the child is yours?”
“After I learned of the issue I waited until the girl was asleep then went to her. I remembered what you had told us in our childhood about knowing that we were your offspring and of the laws of the clans about siring. I wasn’t sure it would work for me or a human for that matter, but I figured it was worth a try.”
“You broke my direct command to leave her alone.”
“I did and I’ll accept the consequences of my actions.”
“And?”
“The moment I placed my hand on her I felt a shock. I felt the child and as sure as I know and feel my brothers and sisters I felt that the child was mine. Of course, I’m more than welcome to be wrong in the matter.”
Drake threw his head back and burst into laughter, just as he had done with his wife. “No, you are not wrong my son. So now two mysteries have been solved. This couldn’t have turned out more perfect. Excellent, excellent.”
“Yes father, as I said I am willing to obey your wishes in this matter and accept whatever fate you decide for us all.”
“Good, I’m glad to hear you say that. We have been given a great opportunity here Drakon, one that could put the House of Drake on top once and for all. There’s every reason to believe this child could have all of our strengths and none of our weaknesses. Can you imagine what we could do with that? But why stop at just one? Why not take this opportunity and produce as many as possible? Can you imagine what we can do with not just one but a family of these half breeds?”
“No one could ever oppose the House of Drake.”
“Exactly!”
“Are you suggesting that I continue this ‘affair’ with the human in an attempt to sire more children?” He didn’t stop the disgusted air from bleeding through.
“No. I considered it, but your mother pointed out how fragile these humans tend to be.”
“You mean pathetic and weak.”
His father was not amused, “That is why we believe a match with the family would be a wiser choice.”
“You mean a marriage between one of us and the human?!” He nearly shot out of his chair.
“That is precisely what I’m suggesting and why not? Your brother was in here earlier this afternoon offering to be joined to her for just that reason.”
“Rais sees the opportunity behind it. Very well, if that is your will I wish him every happiness.”
“Oh no, no not even a circumstance as imperative as this could excuse us disregarding his match to nobility and I told him so. No, he will marry a woman of proper birth, but as a younger brother no one would think twice about you taking a woman of unknown rank. You reached the age to marry two years ago and no one would question it.”
“And what if the child does not survive or is… less than expected?”
“No one outside of the family need know of the match until after the birth. Should the results be disappointing it would be as if it never was and the girl and the child would be disposed of.”
The two sat in silence, but there was no avoiding it. There was only one answer. “As I said, I will take full responsibility for my actions. If that is your will you only need to tell me how you wish to proceed. Shall the others be informed of the paternity?”
“No, presently the fear of possibly being the sire is keeping both Ivan and Maximilien at bay. For now, I believe it would be best to keep that privileged information between us and your mother. In the morning I will inform the others of the intended match and encourage them to either stay out of your way or assist you. I believe the girls would be useful in that. They can befriend her and help her feel more at ease with us and since you have already conquered her once it shouldn’t be too difficult to do it again. Tomorrow we’ll begin finding reasons to put the two of you together. If there is anything you require come to me and I will make it so.”
“You do realize what kind of life you’re condemning me to? If the child is exceptional the marriage will be known eventually. How do you plan on keeping the clans from knowing about her?”
“I know this isn’t pleasant for you my son, but it won’t be forever. We can’t use the serum like we would for a servant, that would risk altering whatever anomaly allowed her to conceive. Bear in mind the lifespan of a human is but a drop in the bucket compared to yours and breeding time is even less. Once she is no longer of use to us there will be no need to continue the match. You can drain her yourself if you like.” Drake steepled his fingers and thought for a moment. “How about the villa in Switzerland, as a wedding present. It’s remote and is second only to the main estate. The hunting is excellent and no one would intrude, her heritage could easily be kept a secret there.”
Drakon nodded, “Very well, how soon do you wish the marriage to take place?”
“As soon as you can get her consent.” And with that, Drakon’s fate was sealed.
Chapter Ten
He leaned against the balcony door frame watching her sleep, listening to her heart beat. She was dreaming, that was one thing he couldn’t take away. He knew what he had to do and he wasn’t about to back out now, but it wouldn’t be easy. Sure she had trusted him once, but this was different. This time he had to convince her to marry him.
“Drakon…”
He froze.
“…Drakon…”
She was dreaming… about him. Did she remember? Was there still some part of her that held on to their time together? He could only hope. He relaxed back against the frame and smiled, taking these last few moments to let his mind wander back over the past few weeks. What he had told his father was true; to a certain degree. From the time she stood in that field almost daring them he knew it would spark a hatred and a fire in Rais, and his brother would do anything to break her. In his mind she had challenged him and in a way she had, she had challenged them all. No one had ever done that. Cry, beg, fight, even ask a lot of silly questions they would never get an answer to, but she just stood there staring him down. As if to say ‘I know I’m no match for you and you’ll take what you can, but I won’t give you what you really want. You won’t even be able to take it’. It was the first time he’d ever respected a human and had it been in his power he would have let her go, but it wasn’t. The best he could do was ease her pain. The servants could heal her body, but that was all. Nothing would be done for the fear, the torture that both Rais and Ivan would do, unless he did it; and he did. 
He couldn’t stop his brothers’ insatiable cruelty, but he could make her forget it. In those times between his brothers’ visits and the servants caring for her he would slip unnoticed into her room and with a touch of his hand he would erase pieces of her memory. At first, he’d consider wiping everything since Devilicus had appeared on her doorstep, but that would only trigger panic when she awoke in a strange place so he left everything. Everything except the cruelty of Rais and Ivan and even Maximilien. Sometimes that meant only hours, but often enough it meant days. It was going fine until she caught him. No one in the house knew that he was there and for decades now he could roam the estate without detection, but somehow she knew he was there, in the shadows. She didn’t start or try to run, there wasn’t anywhere to run to. She simply acknowledged his presence with a smart aleck remark. “I was never afraid of the Boogie Man so you might as well come on in, it’s not like I can stop you anyway.”
That’s how it started. They began to talk, simple as that. Then he would wipe all traces of the pain, the torture, even their conversations from her mind and disappear in the night. He still had to be careful, there were eyes and ears everywhere, but he found a comfort in talking with her that he’d never known. 
She knew the score and as the days turned into weeks and her death drew near her defiance that had once been fueled by her anger became more about dying with dignity; at least in any way that she could. There may not be much honor in twitching naked on somebodies drawing room floor, but hopefully she could hold on to that sense of self. Denying whoever took her life the satisfaction of breaking her soul. These were the thoughts preying on her as she stood in front of the full-length mirror, moving her shoulder length, chestnut auburn hair from her neck and gently running her fingers over the bruises on her shoulder and back. Her brother had always called her two-tone. In the winter months it would be a rich chocolate, but during the summer her red shone through and whenever she got mad he’d always say, “There’s that red head coming out in her.” She wondered what they’d think of her now. Alone and waiting for her fate, waiting to die. She prodded her bruises. They stood out like a sore thumb against her pale white skin, but they didn’t hurt and she couldn’t even remember how she’d gotten them. Though judging by the other ones on her body that was probably for the best. They carried that sick green and yellow look of ones that must have been there for a while.
“How long have I been here?” She knew he was there. Somehow, she always knew, but she was never afraid and he wondered if some part of her remembered after all deep down.
“About two weeks now.”
She continued to examine her bruises, not bothering to look up.
“I guess that would explain these.”
He didn’t tell her they had been fresh that morning when Rais had left. He’d managed to slip in while she was sleeping before the servants arrived and removed the nights’ events from her mind. Shockingly enough none of them had been back, probably due to the fact that they were spending their time doing some hunting out west.
“Thing is I don’t remember them being there a couple of days ago, at least it seems like a couple of days ago. Kind of hard to tell when your memory is Swiss cheese. I suppose I should thank you for that. So, are you going to tell me your name or do I have to guess? I warn you I won’t be very good at it.”
“Drakon.”
“Drakon huh? I’m Calynn, but you probably already know that don’t you? So tell me something Drakon, how long do I have before they finally kill me?”
“About four more weeks.”
“Well I guess that means the glass is coming up on half empty or half full. What would you say? Seems a bit fifty-fifty between the two of them if you ask me.” She paused, “Why?” Calynn looked straight at his reflection in the mirror holding his gaze. He may have been hidden in shadow, but she could see his strong tall form and his short raven hair that stood out against his pale skin. 
“It’s the fall equinox and it’s my father’s turn to drink the blood of a human to retain his strength and youth. It takes six weeks to purify any disease or toxins from the body.”
“Not why am I here, that doesn’t really matter in the end.” She turned to face him. “I mean, why have you helped me? Why take away the memories of this?” She thrust her bruised wrist out to him. “You’re one of them. You were there that night in the field chasing me down like some sort of animal just like the rest of them, so what’s the point? Judging by the gaps in my mind you’ve done it multiple times haven’t you? So what’s the deal?”
She was angry tonight and she had every right to be.
“It’s all that I have in my power to do.”
She signed and sat on the edge of the small table they leave her food tray on tracing invisible patterns on the smooth solid top. “Too bad it’s too late to take up smoking.”
Drakon snickered.
“Now you think I’m funny?”
“It’s not that. It’s just that you’ve said that before.”
“Am I starting to sound like a broken record?”
“No.” It was a lie. They’d already gone over this many times before.
“Liar. You have me at a disadvantage, but then so do they.” Her voice had gone soft as she looked at the marks on her wrist. “If I had any kind of real courage I’d smash that mirror and end my life. I bet that would screw with their plans for serving me up as Sunday brunch.”
“Wouldn’t work. That mirror is shatterproof for just that reason. It’s also the reason there is a metal sink and toilet in the bathroom. Porcelain is just as much a liability.”
“I know.”
He raised a quizzical eyebrow. This was new.
“About the mirror, I’ve already tried… at least I think I have.”
His terse look surprised her. “Breaking the mirror, not taking my life. I was looking for a weapon. I just wish there was some way to go down fighting, to make some sort of stand and not be just another happy meal to some monster.” She looked up at him briefly then turned to stare at the ceiling, her eyes brimming with tears of anger and frustration. She couldn’t cry, she wouldn’t, not now, not ever and she breathed deep willing them to dry. 
He’d never seen that before. She’d gone through more pain and torture in the past two weeks than most would in their entire existence and not once had he seen her shed a tear out of emotion. It should have disgusted him. He should have turned away and left her to his brothers and her fate, but somehow he couldn’t. Any other time a human crying would be just another sign of their weakness, but for the first time he saw the strength in it; her strength and it drew him to her. Drakon pulled her chin down to face him and looked her in the eyes.
“You already are. You have no idea how strong you are. Every time Rais storms out of this room he’s ready to rip something apart. He’s out west presently, probably terrifying some co-ed so that he can feel like he’s all powerful again. You’ve taken that from him. If you hadn’t he would have given up on you the minute he felt he’d broken you, but he hasn’t and he knows it. That’s why he keeps trying; and Ivan? Ivan is so confused he doesn’t know what to do. It’s like he’s ten years old again. He does whatever sick perverted experiment he can think of, but you just keep staring at him like he’s nothing but an annoying gnat or some other pesky, but harmless insect. Then he goes back and tries it all over again on whom ever he thinks he’s managed to sneak into the house, just to see if he’s lost his touch. I heard him mention something about you being boring the other day and he hasn’t been back here since. If he doesn’t get the reaction he wants he moves on. So you see, you are making your stand, and not just in some small way either. No one in this house will ever forget you were here, trust me.” 
His voice had risen louder than he’d intended, but thankfully no one had heard. No one but her. Without warning she kissed him. Not a peck or a gentle meeting of the lips, but a full, hard, desperate kiss full of fear, gratefulness, anger, need and a dozen other emotions swelling inside her. Her arms clung to his neck as one hand tangled in his hair, the other digging into his back. The surprise only lasted a second and the instinct to push her away was quickly overruled. He cupped her face wrapping his free arm around her waist drawing her closer; tracing her jaw and neck with his lips. He could feel her pulse throbbing beneath her skin, smell her blood coursing through her veins. In that moment, he wanted to devour her in every way he could, but his eyes caught sight of her discolored shoulder and he pulled back. How could he do this?
“Calynn… I…”
“No, listen. I don’t expect you to save me. I don’t think you’ll show up like some knight in shining armor, defy your father and rescue me and I’m not asking you to. I know that’s impossible, but right here, right now in these final days that I have left you can give me some comfort in this place. It may be the last I ever get. Drakon, if you want me, I’m yours; right here, right now.”
Drakon brushed her hair behind her ears and gave a gentle nod. He did want her. He wanted her in a way he’d never wanted anyone before and tonight they would have each other.
She lay on her side, sleeping in his arms while he gently brushed his fingertips over her bruised back and shoulder. How could anyone inflict such pain on such a creature as this? Every muscle in him tensed as his anger at Rais grew. He’d make him pay, somehow someway he’d make his brothers pay for their cruelty. But why? She was nothing more than any of the rest of the sacrifices that had come before. Something was happening to him, had been happening since that night in the field and it scared him. What if they caught him? So what, he had every right to be there same as it was everyone else’s. No one would care and other than a couple of curious remarks that he could easily respond to it would barely be noticed. No that wasn’t it, being caught wasn’t the problem. The problem was he wanted to stay, he wanted to do all those things she’d said; to save her, to rescue her from a fate she of all people didn’t deserve, but that was impossible. The best he could offer her was the same as he had been. He couldn’t prevent the violence, but he could remove the memories of it and he’d continue to do just that. In the hours before dawn he slipped silently out bed, placed his fingers on her temple and once again wiped their time together from her mind, before disappearing back into the darkness. 
Now he stood watching her as he had every night since. There were no more conversations, no more exchanges of any kind. In a few short weeks she would be strapped to his father’s wall and drained of every drop of blood. There was nothing he could do about that and he had no illusions of trying. The night before the equinox he erased her memory one last time, no one was allowed to bother her from that point on so he knew she’d be safe for the night. Then he disappeared unnoticed. 
He’d planned to spend the next day in his hunting cabin in Germany, but he never made it past his spot on the cliffs at the edge of the estate. Somehow leaving her completely seemed wrong, so he sat on the edge of the bluff and watched the sun rise then begin to set again. When he returned, he’d expected all traces of her existence to have been removed. Instead he found that not only was she alive, but was pregnant… with his child. How things have changed in only twenty-four hours. Now he may very well be able to save her life after all, if she played along. That was why he was there now. It was taking a chance, but he had to talk to her and after tonight they would both be watched every minute of the day. Silently he approached the bed and whispered her name.
“Calynn, Calynn I need you to wake up.”
His voice cut through her sleep and for a moment she wasn’t sure if she was still dreaming. “If this is a nightmare, go away I’m not interested.”
“Calynn please, we don’t have much time and I have to speak with you.”
Calynn sat up and drew her legs to her chest wrapping her arms around them, yawning and blinking her bleary eyes. “Okay Shadowman, you have my attention.”
He was relieved she still accepted his presence so easily, but now was not the time to reflect on it and he sat gently on the edge of the bed.
“Calynn, you don’t remember me, but my name is Drakon. You were brought here as a sacrifice for my father and he would’ve killed you yesterday had he not discovered…”
“That I’m pregnant? Yeah I kind of figured all that out.” She laid her head on her knees and peeked up at him with half lidded eyes.
“Look I know this is going to sound crazy…”
“That’ll be a change.”
“Are you going to let me finish?” He wasn’t mad. In a way it made him feel better, but again now was not the time. Though he didn’t attempt to hide his smile.
“Calynn,”
She raised her hands in defeat. “Okay Drakon, I give.”
“As I was saying, my father thinks this child could end up being very powerful and he’s decided that he wants to make you a part of the family. He thinks that if you’re comfortable enough it will be easy for you to produce more offspring. It’s his plan that you marry one of his sons and continue producing a more powerful line of Drake. Tomorrow you’re going to be introduced to the rest of the family; at least most of them anyway. They’ll be trying to befriend you, to convince you that things aren’t so bad, and they’ll… they’ll be trying to influence you.”
“Let me guess, towards you?” She raised her eyebrows.
Drakon nodded and looked at the covers before regaining himself. “I don’t expect you to be happy about this, but this is a way to get you out of here and not in a body bag. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
She dipped her head, “If I want to stay alive and get out of here I need to play along and marry you. Is that about it?”
“Yes. I don’t presume that you’ll trust me completely, but you once told me you didn’t expect me to save you. Well now I can… if you’ll let me.”
She stared into his eyes, “What do I have to do?”
He let out the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. “First of all, we have to be very careful. At the moment none of my siblings are aware of my father’s intentions, but by tomorrow every eye in this house will be on both of us, so after this we only speak freely when I can get us in a safe place. Understand?”
She nodded.
“Next, you’re going to have to fit in without…”
“Looking like I’m trying to fit in?”
“Exactly. No matter what you see, try not to let it phase you. They’ll be on their best behavior, but they are still creatures beyond anything you’ve known; keep that in mind. And don’t trust anyone not even Millie. She will do almost anything for you, but in the end, she is still a servant in the House of Drake and she will not betray my mother nor my father. She could actually be of use if necessary, if she believes that you’re coming around, that you’re…”
“Falling for you?”
“Yes, and you can be assured that she’ll be informing them of everything.”
“I think I can handle that. Allow them to make friends, play dear diary with the help and let things happen the way daddy dearest wants. What then?”
“Once he believes you’ve agreed to become my wife he’ll waste no time in arranging the ceremony. In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if the arrangements aren’t already in the works. After the wedding he’s agreed to give us the villa in Switzerland. That will buy us plenty of time for me to arrange your disappearance. You’ll be free, at least as free as you possibly can be. You won’t ever be able to go home, but you can at least live life on your own terms again.”
“And the baby?”
He looked straight into her eyes. “That’s up to you. You never asked to have a child, especially not with a… with a monster. I’ll help in whatever way I can.”
“Why are you doing this?” She tilted her head slightly.
“Because I’ve never met anyone like you and it would be a shame to destroy someone with such strength and honor.”
She took a deep breath and pursed her lips. “Then I guess I’ll be marrying you soon then. Until tomorrow?”
He nodded and rose, “Until tomorrow.” And then he was gone.
Chapter Eleven
Not long after Millie had delivered her breakfast she was offered a tour of the house, just as her late-night visitor had said. Millie had also mentioned it the day before and the girl was more than enthusiastic to show her all around what she called ‘this fine estate’. Calynn found it difficult not to reply to that with some snide remark about it being fine if compared to the seventh circle of Hell and smiled instead. On the bright side of things, she now had a chance to gage her surroundings. With any luck maybe she’d find an escape route, but no sooner had the two stepped out of her room than they met with a spunky, short haired girl that looked like she had a hard time standing still. Calynn secretly wondered if she’d been waiting outside her door the entire time. Guess the family wanted to take extra precautions against the possibility she’d get away from one of the servants. If this girl was anything like the guys in the field where she was caught there was no way she’d be able to make a break for it.
“My lady may I introduce…”
“Hi, I’m Erzsébet, but most people, well most people other than Mumsie and dear old daddy call me Lizzy. And you must be Calynn. I see our dear Millie is taking you on the grand tour, how about I take over so that Millie can get back to whatever it is that she’s usually supposed to be doing this time of day. That way we can get acquainted.” She smiled brightly and tilted her head, looking between them.
Calynn hadn’t known what to expect, but this wasn’t quite it. The girl looked to be about nineteen and shorter than she was. She was painfully thin with dark brown hair that looked as if it hadn’t seen a hair brush in a while. Or maybe it was the streaks of red, blonde, and even purple that made it look that way. The girl talked like she’d downed a case of Red Bull in a minute flat, bouncing from foot to foot like an antsy race horse. She hoped she didn’t walk as fast as she talked. 
“Would that be alright Millie? I wouldn’t want to keep you from anything important just to show me around.”
“No miss; that will be fine. If you need anything I will be close by. Miss Erzsébet is a charming young woman and I’m sure the two of you will become close friends.” With that she bowed her head to them both then turned and left.
“Lizzy huh?”
“Yep, short for Elizabeth and Erzsébet is Hungarian for Elizabeth, so there you go.”
“Okay, Lizzy let’s get this party started. Lead the way.” She shrugged and motioned for the girl to take the lead.
“Ohhh, you said my favorite word! Party! Rattling around this old place hardly qualifies, but there’s this club outside of Chicago that is to die for. Play your cards right and one night I’ll sneak you out of this place and we’ll have a little fun for once. Follow me.” 
With a tilt of her head and her fake smile firmly in place she put one foot in front of the other and followed when all she wanted to do was run.
The two made their way around the second floor while Lizzy pointed out their personal rooms and a few other guest rooms. It seemed that the majority of the guest rooms were in another wing entirely and she had been given a suite set aside for those closest to the family. That explained the size and opulence of her own set of rooms. No doubt they were stashing her close by so that they could keep tabs on her more easily. 
“All of our rooms are pretty massive, but for the most part if you stay on the same side of the hall your room is on that’s where all us girls have our rooms. The guys are all on the other side. Although about the only one that actually uses his room is Rais. Ivan has his ‘private lab’,” she rolled her eyes and did air quotes with her fingers; even if Calynn hadn’t been there to see it she had a feeling that the girl still would have done it, “that he spends most of his time in and Maxie practically lives in his garage. He’s such a gear head. His real name is Maximilien, but he prefers Max so I like to tease him and call him Maxie. Drakon, he’s the next oldest, he spends most of his time who knows where. He doesn’t stay home much, he prefers to be out running with the pack. He’s a big hunter, if there’s a stuffed animal around here; the dead stuffed kind not the fluffy bedtime kind; you can bet he took it down himself. He’s not like any of the others. They all have their faults, but Drakon’s a good guy; very dependable when you need him and you can tell him anything and he’d keep it to himself. 
Well that’s it for this floor, we’ll head up to the south side of the house third floor to where Delphine’s studio is. She’s a big fashion designer, at least she is if she’s any judge. She spends most of her time oversees though, Milan, Paris, then hops on up to New York as well; anywhere the fashion world calls. In fact, if you subscribe to those fashion magazines or watch any of those runway shows you’ve probably seen some of her stuff. Course you don’t look like the type that goes in for all that designer stuff. You seem like the type to have a brain.
We all have our passions, mine’s having a good time. Clubs, raves, if there’s a party going on I’m there. Life’s too short you know, well maybe not for us, but whatever.” Calynn was beginning to get tired just listening to the girl and she found herself secretly wondering if there was an off switch somewhere or at the very least a mute button.
They made their way to Delphine’s studio. It was a huge area that took up a large portion of the third-floor wing and it was covered wall to wall with fabrics, designs, accessories, instruments, and clothes in various stages of completion. It looked as if a whole factory worth of people could work in there. “I wouldn’t be surprised if you end up spending a lot of time here. You’ll be like a living Barbie doll to her, she’ll finally have someone else to play dress up with. Of course, she’s had other people in here as models, but you’ll be a good one too.” 
After the studio, they continued their tour around the third floor. The fourth was the servants’ quarters so they mainly bypassed them and headed down to the first floor where some of the best rooms were. The indoor pool, the massive media room with the screen the size of a wall, the grand ballroom, a music room stocked with instruments, the gourmet kitchen, and the three-story library. That’s where they found Ilse, sitting at one of the antique mahogany desks piled with books and papers, typing away at her computer like a mad woman. She was slender like her sister, but taller at least as far as Calynn could tell. Her long dark hair was pulled into a quick ponytail with pencils sticking out in odd directions that reminded her of her own undergrad days.
“That’s Ilse. She’s an online journalist. She’s managed to keep her identity a secret for decades while busting all sorts of people. Corrupt judges, politicians, celebrities, cops, you name it; she can get the dirt on them, but she only goes after the worst of the worst. So many people want her dead it’s funny. They don’t even know that half the time she’s standing right next to them, don’t you just love it. She’s probably been sitting there for the past couple of days, I don’t know how she manages it. It would drive me nuts. Hey Ilse, can you take a minute from tearing someone a new one to say ‘Hi’ to Calynn?”
“Hello Calynn. Nice to meet you.” She didn’t bother to look up. “I hope you’ll excuse me. I have a Senator in Illinois that’s been very naughty.”
“Tighten the vice and hopefully he’ll sing an octave higher.”
Ilse did look up then; a sly grin on her face, “I’ll do just that Calynn. It’s a specialty of mine.”
“Send me the link to your article when you get done. I enjoy watching the trash being taken out.”
“So do I Calynn, so do I. Now if you’ll excuse me I have some dirty laundry to air.”
Lizzy rolled her eyes and huffed already bored and motioned for Calynn to follow. The two turned and left heading down the hall, “She actually smiled, nice going Calynn. So how about we head out back to the garage where Maxie and Ivan spend most of their time. That’s where Ivan’s lab is, under the garage. He’s so morbid, but at least this way you’ll know where to avoid. They’re not bad, it’s just… you know… they’re guys and they can be…”
“Stupid, immature, self-absorbed, clueless?”
“Oh, so you know them?” The two giggled like school girls as they went along. What was she getting herself into? Calynn hoped she wasn’t going overboard with this buddy-buddy stuff. 
She hadn’t noticed as they walked through the garage door that she’d been growing more and more nervous, but one of these two could be the father of her child. She hadn’t thought much about it up until then. It was too overwhelming to think about at all and she was trying to focus on the role she had to play just to get out of there alive. Her heart began to race, but she plastered a smile on her face and strode through the door like she owned the place. 
To use the word garage didn’t describe it. It was more like a whole house for vehicles and everything auto related. No not a house a gallery, a showroom, a mansion featuring every kind of luxury and recreation vehicle she could think of. It even had a built-in bar, media center, and who knew what else. Music blared from hidden speakers giving the girls the perfect opportunity to sneak up on the figure leaning under the hood of one of the classic cars. One blare of the horn by Lizzy and a guy that looked like he was still in high school banged his head on the hood with a resounding clunk. Erzsébet burst out laughing as her brother turned off the music then cussed her, declaring that if she made him dent his pristine car she was going to pay.
“Oh I’d like to see you try baby brother. Calynn this is Maxie.” The perky brunette proudly motioned to her brother.
He didn’t look like he could be much older than sixteen or seventeen, working on his first car and barely old enough to shave. His features were smooth and he had a smudge of grease by his temple where he’d absent-mindedly shoved a lock of his short blonde hair away from his forehead. He looked more like the poster child for the X games or something than… well whatever he was. “Max.”
“Like I said this is Maxie, my baby brother.”
“I mean it Lizzy. Do what you want to me just leave my car out of it.”
“I don’t blame you. A ‘66 GTO tri-power coup, Pontiac’s first stand-alone GTO; wow it’s gorgeous! There were only a little over 10,300 of these made, even less considering they discontinued the tri-power engine halfway through the production year. Is it all original, matching numbers and everything?” Calynn stroked the car as if it was a dream.
“Absolutely, got it the day it came off the line. It’s been in perfect condition ever since. I’ve got a hardtop and a convertible too. So, you know your cars?”
“Not really, just this one. My dad had one just like it only in Nightwatch Blue and every time he was out washing it he’d have that old song ‘G.T.O.’ by Ronny and the Daytonas playing. It was his favorite.” Just the thought of her father brought a softness to her voice.
“That’s the same song I had going when I outran the cops out in Pasadena in ‘67. Man that was fun, I think I’ll take my Hellcat out and do that again. Be a bit more of a challenge than it was back then to ditch them, but that’s what makes it a such a rush, you know? Your dad has good taste.”
“He insisted I know more about cars than just how to put gas in them before I was allowed to start driving.”
“That already puts you ahead of Lizzy here.” He pointed to his sister who was already sticking her tongue out at him.
“And what do we need with a car Maxie?”
“Who said anything about need? So, you were saying Calynn, before my sister so rudely interrupted you?”
“You’re the one that interrupted her genius!”
Maximilien ignored her completely.
“Oh nothing really, but before I got my license I could change the oil and oil filter, change brake pads and shoes, drain a radiator, check and fill the battery water reservoir, top off the fluids, change a tire, gap and replace the spark plugs and distributor cap and bypass a solenoid. I had a ‘66 Mustang myself. Later I learned how to replace a starter, alternator belt, and some of the sensors in my next one. Fortunately, you can find how to fix anything online now. Funny thing is, I haven’t owned a car in years.”
“Well at least you’ll be set if you do. A ‘stang huh, nice. I’ve got about a dozen. You’re welcome to take one out for a spin if you’d like. There’s a huge track out back I use for practice runs.”
“I might just take you up on that.” And leave this place in the dust like the bad dream that it is.
“Oh goodie, another gearhead.” The group turned to see Ivan making his way through the garage. Six foot and broad shouldered, Calynn’s gut twisted as something registered within her. He looked like a well-groomed, exquisitely dressed, handsome man in his twenties with perfectly styled dark brown hair and a killer smile, but the look in his eyes held something evil that made her shiver.
“Careful brother, you might get a spot on your shirt and have to throw away yet another outfit.” She placed her hands on her sides and cocked her hip.
“Pot kettle Lizzy.” He said with a smirk.
“Calynn say hello to Ivan, our resident psychopath.”
“As I said; pot kettle little sister.”
“What’s life without a little friendly torture?” 
Everyone turned to look at Calynn like she’d grown another head and she couldn’t help but laugh. It was either that or scream. She was getting in deep.
“I’m not talking Marquis de Sade or anything like that. I think psychological torment is much more powerful. Wounds heal, but it’s the mind that continues to plague a family for centuries, passing it from one generation to the next. People just don’t wake up one day out of the blue and decide they’re going to turn someone into a pot luck dinner for the neighborhood. Usually you can trace some sort of issue with their parents that goes back to abuse far in the family line. It just manifests itself in different ways with different personalities. You throw in substance abuse, chemical imbalances, and other stressors and you’ve got a recipe for a true sociopath.” She was playing her part and playing it good… she hoped.
“Kind of like our Ivan here.” Clearly Erzsébet wasn’t afraid to say anything.
“No, Ivan’s far more intelligent and calculating to be a sociopath. Though there are high functioning ones out there.” Calynn tilted her head as if to study him, hoping they were buying her act.
“So what are you, some kind of psychiatrist?”
“No Ivan I only screw with peoples’ heads for fun never for profit, well… almost never.”
“I’ll remember that.” The look he gave her made her skin crawl. This was more than just a predator. This was the kind of ‘thing’ that would rip a person apart just to know what it felt like and then step over the pieces to eat lunch with the blood of his victim still on his hands and think nothing of it. Maybe his name should have been Vlad instead if Ivan.
“How about some lunch? I can here someone’s stomach growling. Calynn, up for something to eat?” It amazed her she could even think about eating now.
“Sure Erzsébet, I could use a break.” Not just for food either.
“It’s Lizzy, silly. Let’s get out of here before this one revs up his car like it’s some sort of musical instrument and this one, well you don’t want to know about this one.”
Chapter Twelve
The two returned to the main house, Erzsébet chatting the whole way. Calynn nodded or commented here and there, but her mind was trying to process everything that had just happened. For the most part, they seemed like normal people, but she knew they were anything but normal; and what’s worse, she was fitting in. What did that say about her? ‘Keep calm Calynn, you’re nothing like these… people, you’re playing a role that’s all. Just keep calm and play the game and you’ll be out of here with your neck intact and your blood still in your veins.’
“Yoo-hoo, space cadet? Hey, I’m talking to you!”
“I’m sorry Lizzy, I zoned out there for a bit. I guess I’m a little tired.”
“No problem, I get that way too. Of course, I’ve usually downed a few vodka tonics and a bottle of Devil’s Cut first, but whatever. So what are you in the mood for?”
The two rummaged through the fridge the size of a walk-in closet and made their way to a small corner out of the way of the kitchen staff.
“Well that’s everybody. Except for Rais, Delphine and Drakon that is. She’s still overseas or where ever, like I said you’ll probably see her tomorrow and Rais is in Europe handling some business for daddy. I don’t know where Drakon is though.” It was amazing, even a mouth crammed full of food couldn’t stop her from talking.
“Drakon, that’s an unusual name? It sounds like he was named after his father, but isn’t that resigned for the firstborn son?”
“Oh, it is. All my brothers except for Maxie are named after him. His full name is Ivan Rais Drake, so there you go. Rais was also my grandfather’s name so there’s the firstborn. Then dad wanted something a little more… self-proclaiming I guess for Drakon. Next came Ivan and after that they just used another family name.”
“But this is the House of Drake?”
“Oh that, well Grandfather may have been the patriarch, but the actual House of Drake was formed by my father after some huge civil war thing way back over a thousand years ago. We’re actually one of the three most powerful houses of all the clans in the world.”
“Wow, one of the three most powerful… impressive.” It was better than her alternative, ‘Good heavens how many of these sick, demented cults are there?’
“Yeah, we’re considered royalty. It’s why we can get away with so much.”
“I can imagine.” Yet she was desperately trying not to.
Erzsébet went on with whatever subject she fell into, usually about clubs and parties and trouble she managed to get into and then out of. She was able to keep it pretty clean, but Calynn could just see by the flicker in her eyes at times that the fun wasn’t as innocent as she let on and she tried to push the thought from her mind. She didn’t want to think how many of these guys wound up face down in a river or alley somewhere missing their internal organs; among other things.
“So, you up for taking a tour of the grounds now?”
Truth was she was a little tired. She hadn’t lied about that, but the idea of being outside, of getting out of this madhouse and actually feeling a little bit of freedom was well worth it. “Absolutely, bring it on.”
No sooner had they stepped out a rear door than Drakon was coming in. They nearly ran into him as Calynn tripped, falling into his arms. She peered up and for a moment didn’t know what to say; Drakon noticed. “Um, well… I don’t believe we’ve been introduced?”
“I don’t know Calynn, looks like you two are already well acquainted.” She quickly pushed herself up and they both looked at Erzsébet, but she was too busy snickering at her own joke to notice more than a casual irritance.
“Oh loosen up you two. Hey Drakon, I was just about to take Calynn here around the estate, how about you do that since you’re such an expert. Drakon here knows every square inch of this place, if anyone can show you around it’s him. So what do you say big brother, oh by the way; Drakon this is the lovely Calynn, she’s been making the rounds and I must say she’s managed to charm us all so far. Why don’t you see if she can charm you too?” Lizzy wagged her eyebrows suggestively, ignoring any pretense at subtlety.
“You’ll have to excuse my sister Erzsébet, I think she was dropped one too many times on her head as a child. I warned Ivan about that, but he just had to see if babies could bounce.”
Erzsébet stuck out her tongue and wrinkled up her face. “Better a little brain damage and be fun than as stiff as you. Why not see if you can thaw him out a bit will you Calynn?”
Calynn wanted to smack her, but was afraid she might literally get bit. Somehow Drakon knew exactly what she was thinking and she began to wonder if he had the ability to read her mind.
“Feel free to hit her anytime Calynn, maybe it will knock some sense into her. Couldn’t do any more damage at this point anyway. She never did know when to shut up. Her mouth runneth over, like that annoying leaky faucet that drives you crazy.”
Erzsébet grinned like the cat that had just digested the canary.
“Come on Calynn, I’ll show you around the estate. Simpleton here might get you lost and we couldn’t have that, now could we?” And like a gentleman of old he offered her his arm and they left Erzsébet still with that same emoji eating grin on her face.
He walked her slowly around the house. Just the two of them and one of those dog like things that trailed closely behind, eyeing her the entire time. They went through the gardens and hedgerows, Drakon explaining his mother’s love of different time periods hence the separate sections of land that would reflect each one. From her Grecian temple and pond to her Elizabethan rose garden, being careful to avoid the field where she was captured.
“So, you’ve managed to charm my siblings? You must be something special if you’ve accomplished that.”
“I don’t know about that.”
“Have you met us all?”
“Everyone except for Rais and Delphine I believe.”
“Well then that is saying something, especially of Ivan and Ilse. I hope they didn’t give you too much trouble?”
“Well neither of them are as friendly as Erzsébet, Lizzy, but they were nice enough. Max offered me one of his cars and Ilse managed a quick smile while she was busy busting a Senator in Illinois.”
“Ilse actually smiled? That is impressive. Most people find her cold and vindictive.”
“I don’t think she’s vindictive, maybe she’s just seen so much corruption of the human race it disgusts her and she’s trying to do something about it. I don’t blame her.” Drakon squeezed her hand gently; a silent signal that she had said just the right thing at just the right time.
“How are your rooms? Comfortable I hope?”
“Absolutely, they’re amazing, thank you. I’ve never been in something so elegant. Your mother has exceptional taste.” Another gentle squeeze.
“And what are your views on nature, shy of the woods by any chance?”
“Not on your life, I spend as much time there as I can. I walk the trails through the greenway whenever I have any free time.”
“Well we have excellent woods here, there are all sorts of little hidden groves and scenic spots to enjoy. Shall we?”
“Lead the way.”
The pair made general chit chat like any two people would after meeting and made their way through the tree line into the forest. They continued walking for some time before making it to a spot with a few downed logs they could rest at.
“You were, in a word, spectacular back there.” He said at last. “You had them eating out of the palm of your hand Calynn. We’re safe here, far enough out of range no one can hear us.”
“You sure I wasn’t over doing it? I was so afraid, the entire time I was expecting someone to call my bluff, especially Ivan. Can’t you guys smell fear or hear my heart racing or something?”
“No, you were absolutely perfect. Any unease they picked up on would be easily explained by the situation I assure you. I’d say if it wasn’t for father’s edict that the rest of my brothers were to leave you alone you’d have two new best friends, besides Erzsébet that is. I think you might have a hard time shaking her, but that’s probably a good thing. The way she talks you’ll have no problem getting some useful information out of her. I meant what I said about her mouth running over.”
Calynn put her face in her hands and rubbed her temples, “What are we doing here Drakon? What is all this about? I am way over my head here. Do you know how hard it is not to react when your brother tells me he outran the cops back in 1967! Or how about when your sister tells me that your father formed the House of Drake over a thousand years ago? I mean I know Millie told me that you guys live a long life, but come on. I think you ought to be explaining a few things to me before I react the wrong way to something and blow this whole charade.” She let out a deep breath and stared straight at him.
“You’re right, I’m sorry. For a moment I forgot that you didn’t remember any of this.”
“Oh that’s rich, you forgot that I didn’t remember. What’s with that anyway, and what are you?”
“Different.”
“That’s an understatement.”
“What do you remember, what has Millie told you?” He shifted to another, safer topic.
“I remember the dog, getting caught, then wondering around the house off and on. Then one day I get dragged into some twisted game room where your father is about to make a meal out of me.”
“And Millie?”
“She told me about the serum. That your servants are basically humans that are on it, and she calls you the Masterkind. That you have the ability to alter a person’s mind and that out of the four of you you’re the only one that I can mark off the list as the father. So, your turn.”
He sat down across from her, “From the beginning then?”
“Works for me.”
“I belong to a race of beings that are similar to humans in a lot of ways, it’s how we’ve blended in with them for thousands of years and how we’ve been able to hunt them. We stay young and keep our abilities by drinking their blood. Back in the day our kind ruled most of the earth. Some of the most sadistic monarchs in all of history were actually our kind, but over time humans became less fearful of us and even tried eradicating our race at one point. 
Naturally we have a great advantage over them, but instead of starting a bloody war that would have devastated both races of which humans were very important, it was decided by the elders to return to the shadows; as it were. Instead if indulging our appetites at every turn we’d feed only when necessary. This way we’d be able to move about society and eventually our existence would become a myth, but the strongest clan refused to give up its power. It liked things the way they were and there was a kind of civil war between them and the rest of the clans that lasted over two hundred years. They were eventually defeated and the entire clan was destroyed, they and their servants. After that, to make sure that no one clan rose above the others the three most powerful families formed houses. The house of Predaré, the house of Navidia, and the house of Drake which was formed by my father.
We eventually blended into society and just like we had predicted over time our kind was all but forgotten. With hunting limited to celebrations and such we became interested in other things. You’d be surprised how many CEO’s, politicians, celebrities, and world leaders are not actually human at all. As you’ve probably noticed we each tend to have our passions and can pursue them like a hunter. It’s in our nature. We’re fortunate, because of our status and wealth we can do what we want, indulge our desires and not have any limitations. Many of our kind struggle with themselves just like you humans do. That balance between pursuing what you want to do versus doing what you have to do.
I don’t know exactly how old my father is, somewhere around eighteen hundred years I believe, same for my mother. As for us children, Rais is the oldest at two hundred and eighty-five. Maximilien is the youngest at sixty-three and yes, he was only twelve when he pulled that little stunt with the police in California he told you about. You’ll find he and Erzsébet are quite a bit more modern than the rest of us being the youngest and growing up in a more modern age. We all tend to take on traits from the era in which we grew up. That explains Ilse at least, she grew up during the time of the American civil war.
Once we reach two hundred we begin to lose our abilities and our youth and need the blood of a human to keep it. Twice a year on the spring and fall equinox a human is chosen and brought here to be purified and drained of their blood. This equinox was my father’s turn. We can actually go decades between indulging before we notice any changes, but out of a sense of tradition and…”
“Don’t put off tomorrow who you can drink today?”
He gave her one of those ‘that’s not funny looks’. “Anyway, that’s why you were brought here.”
“And why can’t I remember, who’s responsible for that?”
He thought about feigning ignorance, but there was already so much that he was hiding from her. Besides she’d figured it out before, many times and it was only a matter of time before she figured it out again. If he lost what little bit of trust she had in him he doubted he would get it back and he didn’t have time to try to regain what he may lose. 
“I am.”
“So, what’s next?”
Relieved he didn’t have to explain Drakon switched gears, “You’re doing great, just hang in there okay? For the moment, out here we can talk freely, but once we leave it’s back in the act. Always assume that you’re either being watched or listened to or both even when you think you’re alone and don’t trust anyone.
Tonight, I’ll go to my father and tell him about our ‘first’ meeting. The only way to keep him from getting suspicious is if I update him every step of the way telling him what he wants to hear. Right now, he believes I’m obeying his orders on protest so if I appear a little cool at times that’s why. We’re just two people getting to know each other under unusual circumstances. Don’t worry, I’ll be around even if you can’t see me, if you start faltering I’ll help you. I’ve been near you all day today and no one’s noticed once. Even if they did I’m under orders to win you over so no one would think twice about me hanging around.” He noticed her rubbing her arms, the sun was setting and it was growing colder.
“How about we head back to the house? It’s getting late and you must be tired.” He offered her his arm and began walking back to the house, “You really were great back there. You’re going to get through this Calynn, don’t worry.” Before leaving the safety of the woods he placed his finger to his lips, time to play the game. He returned her to the house walking her all the way to her sitting room door, “Until we meet again?” He gave a slight bow of his head.
“Goodnight Drakon and thank you for the tour. I hope we can do it again sometime.”
“You can count on it.” He turned and walked away, having one more stop to make before visiting his father.
Chapter Thirteen
“Enter. Ah Drakon, good come sit, how did your first day go? Are you making any progress?” He hadn’t seen his father this eager in decades.
“Calm yourself father. You shouldn’t expect too much from humans, but I have learned enough to feel secure in my success.”
“I hear your siblings find her acceptable.”
“Yes, surprisingly enough. I realize they were on their best behavior, but all things considered I believe it was a promising introduction. Erzsébet seems quite taken with her, like a new pet, and this Calynn seems to be comfortable enough with those she’s met so far. Considering the circumstances that is. I’d still keep Ivan and his ‘friends’ as far away from her as possible.”
“Done. Now tell me, what are your plans to woo the young lady; you said Calynn was her name? Will you be using the same technique as before?” The greed in his father’s eyes was palpable.
“No, that was a momentary thing.” He waved his hand dismissively. “Last time I made it about her. Giving her a sympathetic ear, a shoulder to cry on, giving her comfort, but that won’t do this time. No, this time I have something quite different in mind and by the time I’m done she’ll be proposing to me.”
“Don’t leave me in suspense Drakon, a lot is riding on this. I do hope your ego hasn’t gotten the better of you.” His voice had taken on the edge Drakon was familiar with.
“Just here me out father. After spending the day with her I’ve noted that she is a very strong human. She would have to be to carry a child of our line, and now that the indulgences of my brothers are over with she won’t have the same emotional stressors as before. She’ll be guarded in other ways that may make my advances suspect. No, this time around I plan to make it about me.”
“You?” His skepticism was obvious.
“Yes. I plan to play the role of the second son of the House of Drake who’s trapped in a world he doesn’t agree with, but can’t escape. She’ll naturally draw similarities between our situations and subconsciously form a bond with me, desiring to support me in my troubles in as much as her own. A connection can then easily be established along with secret rendezvous. She’ll feel like she has a bit of power over me considering she’ll have vital information that could destroy me should my family discover my secret. That will put her more at ease with me and make her feel like I’m more of an equal than a possible threat. By the end of this I plan to have her so concerned over my welfare she’ll be the one to bring up the idea of marriage. If I have the assistance I require and your permission on certain things that is.”
“Brilliant my son, you truly are a son of Drake. Tell me, what do you need from me?”
“First of all, I would like your permission to start visiting her at night. Nothing unseemly, just a private visit to confess my dislike of the life I’m forced to lead.”
“Absolutely my son, you needn’t have asked. Why so formal?”
“Because I wanted you to be aware of my visits and of what may be over heard. Speaking against the House of Drake and our traditions can be a traitorous act. Though I have every belief that you would first inquire as to my intentions with such talk, I would prefer you be aware of it first as to avoid any misunderstandings that may cause a delay in our efforts.”
“Very wise. What else was there? You spoke of needing assistance.”
“Yes father. If you would be so kind as to instruct my siblings that will be interacting with her to drop hints of my differences to the others, my suspected dislike of the sacrifices and such. Nothing overt mind you, just enough to plant the seed in her mind that I’m genuine about my secret confession.”
“Consider it done. Anything else my son?”
“No, I believe for now that will do, at least until I learn a little more and we progress. I sent a desert she said was a favorite of hers and a book she had mentioned while on our walk together this afternoon. I thought it a simple and yet meaningful gesture that would catch her attention tonight, keep me in her thoughts as you might say. I will keep you informed every step of the way. And now if you’ll excuse me I have some plans while I’m still a bachelor.”
“Indeed, enjoy yourself Drakon.”
He left his father’s study and headed for one of his remote cabins where he’d stashed the histories. He was close to finding something on Calynn he could feel it and he wanted to find it before his father, the dear demented doctor, or even his nosy vigilante sister Ilse. What he didn’t know could put them both in danger.
Chapter Fourteen
Calynn was enjoying her breakfast while engrossed in the book Drakon had sent to her the night before when Millie entered her suite. If it hadn’t been for the fact that it was all an act she had to admit her head would have been turned.
“I don’t mean to disturb you mistress, but Miss Delphine has returned and would like to meet you in her studio if you’re not otherwise occupied?”
“No that’s fine Millie I was just reading a book that Drakon sent to me last night. That was real thoughtful of him, wasn’t it?” She let a small smile play on her lips.
“Yes miss, Drakon has his moments miss. Shall I take you to Miss Delphine?”
“No, Lizzy showed me where her studio was yesterday. I’ll head up after I finish my breakfast if that’s alright?”
“Very well miss, I’ll let her know.”
“Thank you, Millie, and if you see Drakon thank him for me will you?”
“Would be a pleasure my lady.” The servant gave a small curtsy and left.
Well, that should get her tongue wagging a bit. Calynn finished her breakfast, pulled on some of the clothes the family had provided for her and made her way to the third-floor studio. She was expected, but she knocked anyway. Might as well mind her manners, especially in this house of horrors. You never know what you may walk into if you’re not careful.
“There she is, Lizzy you were right she is absolutely perfect. Hello my dear, Calynn right? My name’s Delphine. So sorry I wasn’t here yesterday, the house has been all in a buzz about you. It seems you’re making quite an impression on my little family, although I do wish they had provided you with some better clothes.” Delphine had swept across the studio before she could react and given her one of those not-quite-a-hug embrace, then picked at her shirt as if it was covered in filth. “I think we can do so much better than jeans and tee shirts can’t we. Oh, well that’s why you have me. I’m going to design an entirely new wardrobe for you. Something that goes with your status as a woman of substance in the House of Drake.” 
She was the epitome of fashion from her form fitting ivory suit to the makeup that looked as if it had been airbrushed by an artist. Nothing, not even a hair was out of place and Calynn found herself wondering if her perfect flaming red locks were real or a wig. It was a stark contrast to Lizzy with her jeans, skin tight V-neck t-shirt and jeweled flip flop sandals.
“I don’t want to put you to too much trouble.”
“Oh pish, it’s what I do, it’s my passion and with your growing physique you’ll need someone on hand for alterations. Now come on in and we’ll get your measurements and start picking out fabrics and see what tones fit you best.” She practically drug Calynn across the room in her eagerness.
“I can’t begin to thank you Delphine. Your designs are world famous from my understanding.”
“Just stand still there and we’ll call it even okay.”
For the rest of the morning and well into the afternoon Delphine, Erzsébet and Calynn carried on like college roommates until a slight knock broke up the chatter.
“Excuse me ladies, but it seems that Dr. Edme has requested that Calynn get some daily exercise and fresh air before the weather turns. So how about it Calynn, would you like to join me for a walk around the grounds?” Drakon gave her a slight nod and gentle smile as if to lure her away with his manners.
“Yes, that would be nice, that is if you no longer need me Delphine? Your sister is being amazing by taking time out of her designing schedule to create an entire wardrobe for me.” She turned to Drakon motioning to the designs and projects all around her.
“She wouldn’t miss the opportunity I assure you. What do you say Delphine, are you through with our Calynn here?” He raised an eyebrow.
“For now. I have designing to do anyway, but come back tomorrow and we’ll go over my sketches.”
“Same time?”
“Perfect.”
Once again Drakon offered her his arm as he escorted her through the house and out into the gardens slowly making their way into the safety of the trees. They stopped in a different spot than the day before, a small clearing with a soft carpet of moss where she could stretch out.
“So, how’d it go with your father last night?”
“Like I expected, just enough bravado laced with reverential respect. I told him I planned to tell you about how I disagree with our traditions and the sacrifices and appeal to you as a confidant.”
“Form a bond between us.” She absent-mindedly picked at the moss and grass beneath her.
“Exactly, I knew you’d understand. I figured tonight I’d visit you and start to confess a bit. If that’s alright with you?”
“No it’s fine, the sooner we start the sooner we can get out of here right?”
“Right. I don’t want to rush things; that might cause suspicions. Especially by Rais and maybe even Ilse, but I agree that we need to keep a steady pace.”
“I haven’t met Rais yet, do I need to be afraid of him or Ilse?”
“Ilse no, she’s just extremely suspicious by nature and she picks up on things even when there’s nothing there. At present, she’s busy taking down that Senator she was telling you about so you probably won’t see much of her while she’s preoccupied. Rais on the other hand, he’s another story. He understands, same as my father does, the implications of the child and if he thinks it can boost his own claim to be the new head of The House of Drake he’ll be on the lookout for anything he can use to get that advantage. He’s as power hungry as they come for my father’s position, but he’s also pompous, arrogant and lacks patience, and is very single minded which altogether is a dangerous combination. Currently, my father has him in Prague settling some clan business. He’ll keep him as far away from here as possible until everything is said and done, but yes you need to be very wary of him.”
“Good to know. Anything else I should be aware of? What about Delphine. How am I doing?”
“Fine, just keep in mind she’s not the confidant type, more like you’re her…”
“Barbie doll? Yeah, Lizzy warned me. Hopefully she won’t put me in anything too horrendous, like those platform heels of hers.”
“I wouldn’t worry about that. She only wears those so that she can tower over everyone in the room, it adds to her sense of superiority. She wouldn’t want you on any level even close to her.”
“Well that’s a relief.”
“Other than that, I think you’re good. It seems they’ve told my father they’re impressed with you so there’s that.”
She took a deep breath.
“We shouldn’t stay gone long, at least not yet.” He helped her off the ground and they made their way back to the house. As soon as they left the woods another dog was waiting to follow them back just as it had the day before. They saw no one until they reached the media room where Maximilien was storming a mercenary stronghold and losing… again. By the language he was using he had died many, many times already.
“Always the one to burst in guns blazing and die. You see Calynn, Maximilien’s problem is that he has no patience and in turn gets his head blown off.”
“Like you’d know Drakon. I don’t see you playing.” Maximilien never took is eyes off the screen, and he still got shot; repeatedly.
“He’s right Max, it’s all about timing here. Those mercs there on the left and those up ahead run in a pattern. You can’t just rush them, if you move behind those crates there you can pick two of them off. Then head up and to the right to get the other one, but wait until that one’s back is turned or you’ll be rushed by those others.”
“Yeah, you make it sound sooo easy.”
“It is actually, if you know what you’re doing.” She crossed her arm and stuck out her hip, clearly teasing him.
“Oh really, well I’d like to see you try.” A mad rush of button mashing ensued.
“Fine.” Five minutes later the mercenaries were dead and she had a nice shiny new weapon. “Told you so.” Her smirk firmly in place and well deserved.
Drakon was laughing, “Told you.”
“Yeah, I’d like to see you try it.” Max was glaring daggers at his older, more annoying, brother.
“It’s not that difficult Max, she beat them first time out.”
“In all fairness Drakon I’m kind of an expert in this game. Nothing says venting aggression like whacking a few zombies, the mercs are just part of it.”
“An expert huh?”
“What, is that so strange? A girl that’s into gaming, zombie style?”
“No… it’s just that you don’t strike me as the type that’s all.”
“Oh, and what ‘type’ am I?” She didn’t know if her irritation was put on or real. It didn’t matter either way though.
“Hey hey you two break it up. If you want to battle it out do it on the screen.”
“Sounds good to me, what about you old man? Up for the challenge, or are you afraid of being beaten by a girl?” She was daring him to accept. The irritation was real.
“You’re on.”
Twenty minutes later Maximilien was in stitches as he watched his high and mighty brother lose. “Oh, Calynn you just made my day. No, you just made my year.”
“Two out of three.”
“Really Drakon?”
“I almost had you on that last round.”
“It’s alright with me, I don’t mind beating you again.”
This time Drakon was the victor.
“Oh man, I’d love to see who wins this, but I have a Motocross in Italy I have to get to. Let me know who wins. See ya.” He hopped over the back of the couch and waved, disappearing deeper into the house.
“Now it’s just the two of us, you ready to lose old man?”
Three and a half hours later it was a draw and they decided to call it. “Well that was an evening well spent.” She said as she laid the controller on the table in front of her.
“I must apologize, seems you’re very good at this.”
“Told you so.” A huge smirk playing her lips.
“You did.”
“And Drakon… you’re not so bad yourself.”
“Thank you, and on that note how about we get something to eat. We could put on something to watch and have the staff bring us something?”
“Great I’m starving.” She pulled her legs up underneath her looking around as if the food was already there.
“What would you like, we have anything your heart or taste buds desire.”
“I’d kill for a burger and fries.”
“That sounds good, but how about we get you something a little healthier than fries? I don’t think Dr. Edme wants you eating a bunch of junk food.”
Calynn gave him the most pathetic pouty face she should muster without laughing.
“Okay, okay you win, this time.” He ordered dinner and picked out a movie and they curled up on the plush leather sofa to eat and relax. He’d chosen Roman Holiday, a movie she’d mentioned on their walk through the gardens together.
“Oh you’re smooth.” She peered up at him slyly.
“If you’d like something else…?”
“No no, it’s perfect. Thank you, Drakon.” They finished their burgers and she pulled her feet back up, curling into him as they watched the classic film.
“You know, when I was younger I actually hated this movie.”
“What for?”
“Because of the end. You know, how they don’t end up together, but after I grew up a bit I saw the selflessness in it and it grew on me.”
“I’ve never seen it. They don’t end up together?”
“No, she goes back to her life and he goes back to his.”
He thought about that for a minute, “I think you were right the first time.”
“Why’s that?” She turned to look up at him.
“Because you have to question his love. Their love. How can you truly love someone if you’re not willing to fight for them or sacrifice for them? It must not have meant much to either of them if they could walk away so easily.”
“Not even for a sense of duty?”
“You can find a way if you love someone enough. I won’t say sacrifices wouldn’t have to be made, and the road is rarely easy, but if you truly love them, you’re willing to endure whatever comes your way. Even if it takes your own life in the end. To death do you part, right?” His eyes glistened as he gazed down at her. He was good, she had to give him that and she wondered how many times he’d used that line before.
“Hmm,” she didn’t say anything after that and before the movie was over Drakon could hear the soft steady breathing of a sleeping Calynn curled up against him, her head laid on his chest and he liked it. Maybe a little too much. After all, the plan was to save her then let her go. He had a part to play too, he couldn’t forget that. What had he told her, sacrifice? Good thing neither of them were in love or he’d be a hypocrite, among other things. Once the movie was over he carried her back to her rooms and laid her on the bed leaving Millie to attend her. He had intended to start his visits that night, but this would work out much better in the end.
Chapter Fifteen
The next morning after breakfast, just as she promised she would, Calynn made her way up to the studio to go over the designs Delphine had drawn up. She had been expecting maybe half a dozen, but when she walked in dozens of sketches were taped, tacked, and strewn about. All with swatches of fabrics and many already in the first stages of being cut and pinned together. Didn’t these people sleep she wondered?
“Calynn, perfect I’m so glad you’re here, here look at this.” And for the next so many hours she spent at Delphine’s mercy; that is until Drakon appeared in the doorway.
“Can I steel Calynn, Delphine?”
“How am I supposed to create with all of these interruptions?” She huffed, waving swatches of fabric in an over exaggerated show of frustration.
Drakon gave his sister a look that said, ‘Are you forgetting why she’s here’ and she quickly changed her tone.
“Oh very well, I have other things I can focus on. Go take your walk.” Waving her hand in dismissal.
Immediately Calynn reached for his arm, but they didn’t go the same direction as before.
“I thought that seeing as the weather is bad today we could do something else instead. Are you up for another cinema? I found one of your favorites, what do you say? Will you go to the movies with me in the media room?”
“Depends, which movie did you find?”
“One you seemed particularly interested in, Arsenic and Old Lace. That is the one, isn’t it? The one with the killer old ladies?”
“Don’t make that face!” She playfully smacked his arm.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about Calynn. Homicidal geriatrics, sounds like a killer afternoon.”
“Oh no, did you just make a joke? Is the world coming to an end?”
They made it to the media room, but it wasn’t empty. It seemed Maximilien was back from Italy and had decided to make camp in front of the screen.
“Out Max. Go back to the garage or Italy or where ever, but I have this afternoon planned with Calynn.”
“I was here first, Drakon.” He stretched his legs out onto the table and crossed his arms behind his head in the universal sign that he was settling in.
“Why don’t you ever watch this stuff in your room where your system is?”
“Because my screen isn’t this big. Come on sit, there’s room on the couch. You can have it when I’m done. Oh, by the way who won yesterday? She skunked you, didn’t she?”
“If you’d spend some of your money on a proper system instead of those machines in the garage you wouldn’t have to be worry about being run out of here.”
Max ignored him and Drakon mouthed to Calynn, ‘Watch this’. “That’s Red Death isn’t it? I’ve already seen it.”
“Yeah right, you watch a movie? I’ll believe that when I see it.”
“A group of Mars astronauts return to earth bringing with them a virus that spreads like the plague wiping out most of mankind.”
“Yeah it spreads over the entire globe like the common cold.”
“That’s because it was the common cold.” Drakon arched his brow.
“No.”
“Yes, the entire time it was just the cold virus that had mutated in the Martian atmosphere.”
“You didn’t? Spoiler alert! Man, that’s just wrong, blowing the ending. That’s low Drakon; even for you.”
“If you don’t leave I’ll recite who lived and who didn’t.”
“I’m going I’m going.” He threw the remote at his brother and glared at them as he stormed off.
They watched him leave and Calynn cracked up, “Oh that was mean. Pretending to spoil the ending.”
“Yeah, you know what was even meaner?” He smiled wickedly.
“What?”
“That was the ending. Hey, I had to get rid of him somehow. It worked didn’t it? So, shall we watch a family full of crazies?”
“Just give it a chance. It’s not like that, it’s funny. Two old ladies that knock off a dozen old men and has their nephew bury them in the basement that he thinks is the Panama Canal. Then they giggle about it while passing out Halloween goodies; it’s priceless. You can’t beat that.” She curled up excitedly beside him just as she had the night before. Deciding to put the craziness of her life away for a couple of hours and enjoy something that had gotten her through some rough times.
“See, see how he can say so much with just his expression. You don’t see much acting like that anymore. Usually they say the same couple of words over and over again and they’re not even intelligent words.” Calynn was pointing at the screen, a bad habit she’d had all her life. Probably from her brother always pointing things out to her as a baby, she’d copied him from day one.
“There’s a lot to say for being ‘old fashioned’. I come from an age of chivalry, it’s a shame to have watched it die over the years.”
“Agreed.”
The two watched and laughed and snacked on popcorn he’d had brought in. Had she not been a captive in some twisted ploy for world domination, this would have been the best date she’d had in a long time. How sad was that? The credits rolled after one of her favorite lines, ‘I’m not a cab driver I’m a coffee pot’, and a part of her wished she could watch it again, but it was time to return to the real world. Last night she had fallen asleep, that had put a kink in their plan. She couldn’t let that happen tonight, the sooner they got through this the sooner she could be free.
“Well now Calynn, would you like to watch something else, we have an expansive library?”
“No, I’m a bit tired, I wish I could. Playing dress up is more tiring than I would have thought. I think I’ll just have Millie bring me some dinner then read a while before going to bed, but I had a wonderful time. Thank you, Drakon, this little piece of normalcy meant a whole lot to me.”
“Then allow me to walk you back to your room.” He stood up and held out his hand to her as he gave a slight bow.
“Afraid I might get lost?”
“I wouldn’t want you to run away from me… I mean us.”
“Then maybe you’d better.” She placed her hand in his accepting his help.
When they reached her outer door, she turned to face him staring up into his eyes. He looked right back down into hers and slowly brushed her hair behind her ear gently caressing her cheek with his thumb as he did. She knew it was all an act, and he was good at it. Real good.
“You were right about the movie. It’s now one of my favorites… thanks to you.” Then mouthed, ‘see you soon’.
She nodded and slowly turned to go into her room watching him as he walked down the hall. No doubt they gave someone a show and hopefully they bought it. 
*****
She was sitting on her bed reading through the book Drakon had sent her when she realized she wasn’t alone. Usually she’d make some sort of quick remark, but she was supposed to be playing a role here and she had to assume they were being listened to.
“Who’s there? You’re not supposed to be here you know.” That should do it.
He stole out of the shadows of the balcony just as she’d expected acting shy and unsure. “It’s just me Calynn, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Drakon? What are you doing here?”
He paced back and forth before leaning in the corner gazing at the floor, unable to look up. “Calynn I… Oh, what am I doing here? I’m sorry Calynn I shouldn’t be here. It was stupid of me.” He started to leave, but she stopped him.
“Drakon wait, it’s okay I’m just surprised that’s all. Stay, please.”
He returned to the corner, rubbing the back of his neck nervously while she watched him curiously.
“Is everything alright Drakon? You seem really stressed, you weren’t like that earlier, has something happened?”
He let out a deep breath and pushed off the wall. Sitting in the chair across from her, he rested his arms on his knees and stared at the floor. “No, nothing’s happened. Nothing ever changes and I’m afraid it never will. You know; before you came here I thought I was fine with… how things were. I thought I could handle how things worked, but now I don’t know if I can go on with it.”
“Go on with what Drakon?”
“With this! This life, this… drawing people in just so we can feed off of them to keep living for hundreds of years. These are lives we’re taking. What right do we have to take hundreds of peoples’ lives just to extend ours? If it wasn’t for the fact that I’m the second son of the House of Drake I could be free to choose whether I kill to drink or not, but being part of this clan, I cannot disgrace my father and if I wish to live at all I can’t let on either.” He paused and lowered his voice, reflective and ashamed. Staring at his hands like they were foreign objects. “Twenty-one.”
“Twenty-one?”
“That’s how many lives I’ve already taken and I’ve hated every minute of it, but I don’t see any other option. Maybe I should just let my father tear my throat out and be done with it. What’s one life compared with all the one’s I’d be forced to take anyway. Oh, Calynn I’m sorry, I didn’t think. I shouldn’t be unloading all this on you, especially now. Forgive me, I’ll go.” He stood to leave.
“No Drakon, don’t leave, please. It’s okay, it’s actually kind of nice knowing I’m not alone. At least I can do some good while I’m here, even if it is just being able to listen.” And she reached out to take his hand raising her eyebrows as if to ask, ‘How am I doing?’. His return smile said it all.
They continued to talk for the next couple of hours, playing their roles perfectly while making faces at each other in a semi-desperate attempt to ease the tension. At times, they found it very difficult not laughing at their antics, before finally bringing the evening to an end. He gave her a hug saying loud enough to be heard, “Thank you, Calynn. I’ve never been able to tell anyone this and I’m glad it could be you. Can I… can I see you again?”
“I’d love that.”
“Until tomorrow, then?”
“Count on it.”
He kissed her on the cheek and left the way he’d come, leaving her to contemplate how things were going. She didn’t trust him that was for sure. It would be stupid to, but he was still her best chance of getting out of this place. Then there was that dream. Every night it came, growing stronger and more real until it was more like a memory than a dream now. What wasn’t he telling her? She knew Millie had said that there was no way that he could be the father, but her mind was telling her something different. What if it was a memory; she’d been having it long before Drakon had shown up in her bedroom a few nights back. Sure her memory was Swiss cheese, but that dream had been there for weeks. What if there was something more to him wanting to rescue her? Could he have designs on the child for his own? It could be like jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire with someone even more manipulative and sadistic. It was going to take a while to sort out what was real and who was the one to fear the most, she just hoped she found out who before it was too late.
Chapter Sixteen
He was certain the entire conversation had already been related, possibly word for word to his father. He was counting on it. It would only add to his credibility.
“I think it went well tonight. I took her on a ‘date’, then later I slipped into her room confessing my desire to escape my situation just as planned. She refused to let me leave until she was sure I was calmer and practically made me promise to continue seeing her. Not bad for a day’s work if I do say so myself.”
“Yes, this seems very promising. Is there anything I can do to assist you my son?”
Drakon sat stoically in front of his father in the same chair as the night before. “Only your permission to increase the amount of time I spend with her.”
“I would order you to if I thought it would help. By all means, spend every minute of the day with her if it brings about the end result we want.”
“Yes father. As I said before, this is your desire and I will do what you wish. I only want to proceed in a manner you approve of.” He put just enough edge into his voice as if to say, ‘I’m only doing this because it’s my duty’.
“You would make an excellent head of our clan Drakon.”
“Thank you, father. I think if you no longer need me I’ll take off for the night.”
“Certainly, my son. Enjoy your night.”
He rose to leave then turned as if he suddenly remembered something, “Oh father, if I may inquire; has there been any idea of how she was able to become pregnant in the first place? It may help for future reference.”
“Not as yet, but I’ll let you know if anything develops.” Drake waited for his son to leave before summoning Dr. Edme. He had questions he wanted answered and he wasn’t used to waiting.
In minutes the doctor was sitting right where Drakon had been, facing the master of the house. “Dr. Edme, how is the young mother to be doing?”
“She’s doing very well Sir Drake. Very strong and healthy indeed.”
“And the child? How is the child? Any sign of its potential?”
“The pregnancy and child are progressing perfectly. Though it’s still too early to know anything more.”
“And is there any progress on determining the reason behind the girl’s ability to conceive?”
“Nothing yet my lord, but I’m working on every sample I take around the clock.”
“What about the girl’s lineage, what of her parents?”
“That’s a little difficult to ascertain sir, she was adopted.”
“What’s that to us? You know those records are nothing to us. Get them and get me some answers!” Drake slammed his fist onto the desk, but Edme didn’t even flinch.
“I’ve already done that my lord. The girl was abandoned by unknown parents. She was dropped off anonymously at a church. There were no cameras to capture the drop off and no witnesses. There is no way of tracing her family.”
“Very well.” He wasn’t happy, but only so much could be done. “Go back to your work and keep me informed. I want regular updates even if there’s nothing to report. Don’t make me have to ask again. Do you understand me?”
Dr. Edme nodded and left.
Chapter Seventeen
Millie placed the breakfast tray on the table by the large bay window in the parlour and turned to leave without a word, but Calynn called her back. She was spinning the rose that had been left between her fingers. A small simple note read, ‘Thank you for listening- D.’ it was time to play ‘Dear Millie’. So many games, so little time.
“Millie?”
“Yes mistress?”
“Please stay a minute.”
She walked back into the room without a word, demurely waiting for her mistress like a good servant.
“Millie, you said you’ve been a servant for the family for about a hundred years correct?”
“Yes miss.”
“Could you tell me something… about Drakon?”
“What would you like to know miss?”
“Well, what kind of guy is he? You said he didn’t indulge in the sacrifices. Any idea why?”
“Well miss, he’s not like the others. He doesn’t enjoy the pleasures that his siblings do. I’ve always found him more reserved. Even somewhat melancholy I’d say, that is until he met you miss.”
“Me?” She acted surprised with the news. Fake news.
“Yes, mistress. Since he met you he’s been different. I’ve never seen him in all my days spend this much time at home, but now he’s always around. He’s less rigid and formal, even calling the young Master Maximilien, Max. He seems freer somehow, maybe even happy if I do say so.”
“Really?”
“Yes, miss it’s true. I’ve never seen him touch anyone out of kindness or emotion, but with you he’s offering you his arm, holding your hand and such. You seem to have some kind of power over Master Drakon.”
Calynn stared at the rose as if trying to process this latest information, then sniffed its full aroma. The girl was laying it on a bit thick, but she let it slide. “Thank you, Millie.”
Millie noticed a smile as she left her mistress to her musings, things must be going well.
Calynn was smiling alright, just enough to give Millie a show. That was smart of Drakon to send her the rose, it afforded her the perfect opportunity to start a confidence between them. Now if they could snow everyone else as easily.
Erzsébet joined her in the studio with Delphine that afternoon, regaling them both with her latest two-day adventure in party land. Calynn played her part just as she knew she should. It wasn’t as bad as she’d first anticipated, but it was while laughing at Lizzy’s tale of a bloody fight that a knot formed in her stomach and her skin grew cold and clammy. The ease at which she could simply dismiss someone else’s pain unnerved her. 
She was more excited than usual to see Drakon standing at the door for their afternoon stroll. Fortunately, that played right into the scene and no doubt Sir Drake would be hearing about her enthusiasm for the man he’s destined to be her future husband. Drakon saw her stress and drew her closer than he had intended when he took her arm, “I was wondering if you wouldn’t mind skipping the gardens today, I have a surprise planned for you?”
“A surprise huh? Will I like it?” She hoped her voice didn’t shake.
“I hope so Calynn, I truly hope so.” As they made their way down the hall she was sure she could hear Erzsébet’s muffled laughter. True to his word Drakon led her almost straight into the woods to a small grove of apple trees full of ripe delicious fruit. He’d made them a small picnic of the fresh apples and other goodies he’d brought from the house, but at the moment none of that mattered. Something was wrong with Calynn. He folded his arms around her shaking body and held her until the tremors had stopped then helped her onto the blanket. Never once, taking his eyes off of her.
“What is it Calynn, what’s wrong? Did I do something? Did they?”
“No, no it’s not something anyone did, it’s me. Everything was fine, I was fine. That rose you sent this morning, genius by the way, got Millie talking and I think I played her pretty good. Then I go up to the studio and Erzsébet’s there and we’re getting along like we’ve known each other our entire lives, like we’re best friends or something and I’m laughing at whatever she’s gotten herself into this time and then it hits me.”
“What?”
“I don’t know where the role ends and I begin. I mean, for the most part with a few exceptions, Delphine, Lizzy, Max, even Ilse they’re all perfectly normal people that I’d be friends with any day of the week, but they’re not. They’re not even people. Not like me. Sure they’re treating me like one of them, but if it wasn’t for this baby I’d be nothing more than a snack. A plaything to have fun with then leave twitching in a ditch somewhere. I’m trying not to think about it like that… I know they’re your family, but…”
“Don’t!” His voice was stern and it startled her.
“What?”
“Yes, they seem like regular people and yes, they’re probably thinking of you as a friend, but Calynn don’t ever forget what they are capable of. What they are… what I am.” He couldn’t hold her gaze any longer. “It could very well save your life. Don’t trust anyone, not even me.”
She nodded and the silence stretched into uncomfortableness, “Thank you for covering me back there.”
“I told you I’ll always be there.” Another pause.
“So a picnic, this is nice.” Time for a change in subject.
“I was going for old fashioned romance.”
“I’d say you did good.”
“Only good.”
“Well, there’s room for improvement.” Her smile found its way back, but only barely.
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“How’d things go with your father last night?”
“About like I’d expected. He’s anxious to hurry things along, but I think it would look funny even to him if I walked in and announced we were engaged, no matter how soon we want to get out of here.”
“Couldn’t you just manipulate my mind or something? That would be a lot simpler wouldn’t it?”
“It doesn’t work like that. The memory is a lot easier to sway especially if it’s something you don’t want to remember. You’re too strong of a person to influence in that way. Anyway, that would be easier for my father, not for you.”
“I don’t know; if I was nothing more than a zombie I wouldn’t care one way or another would I? Besides, the mind wipe worked before.”
“That’s not the Calynn I know. What happened to the girl that wanted to go down fighting?” He held out an apple with a serving of goading.
Calynn took a deep breath and looked all around her, “She got scared for a minute, but she’s back.”
“Good, because I need her here for the moment.”
“What’s wrong?” The juice from the apple ran down her chin, but she wiped it away with barely a thought.
“It’s no secret that my father is desperate to know how you could have conceived. It’s impossible for our kinds to mix in that way. I’m not just speaking rules and laws and such I mean it is physically impossible. Or it least it has been for thousands of years, up until now. He has Dr. Edme working on it night and day. They’ve looked at everything from your family line to testing every drop of blood they possess that’s ever been taken from you.”
“Good luck, I’m adopted.” She snored. Serves them right.
“I know. I’ve been doing my own research. I don’t trust my father to tell me everything, if anything at all and if it’s something that could put you in danger or change things I want to know about it first. I’ve removed the texts relating to our race’s history to a safe location in one of my cabins so that I can look into them without them falling into the wrong hands. My father is concentrating on you physically at the moment, but with Ilse’s knack for research coupled with her natural curiosity and Rais’ desire for power it could be dangerous having the histories around. At least until I could find something myself.”
“And did you… find something?”
“I believe so yes. It goes back nearly two thousand years to the origin of sterilizing the servants or slaves in our possession.”
“Sterilization! As in…? How… why…? That’s barbaric.”
“I didn’t say that I agree with it Calynn. It’s just something that has always been done to prevent offspring and attachments and such, at least that’s what I thought. It was even before my father’s time, but in the histories I’ve discovered the real reason the slaves and servants were sterilized. Our kind found that certain traits that were unique to us were being passed down to the children of those exposed to our serum. The elders couldn’t have a human race that possessed our abilities, even limited ones. So the children were destroyed and sterilization was implemented.”
“What are you saying Drakon? It was the serum?”
“No that can’t be it. That serum has been administered for thousands of years without it affecting any human like this and the doses you were given are only traces. Minimal at best, it can’t be responsible. I believe the answer may lie in the generations before the mandatory sterilization, in your ancestry.”
The lightbulb went off as Calynn understood what Drakon was saying. “You think I might be a descendant of those that were passing on those genes, don’t you? That I might have some of your blood in me?”
Drakon nodded.
She wanted to collapse, good thing she was already sitting down.
“Have you told your father?”
“No, and for now I’m not going to, but I wanted you to know. I didn’t want it to be a shock when you found out.”
“Won’t the doctor discover it in my blood?”
“Eventually yes, it depends on how strong the genetic sequence is.”
“So, what does all this mean? What am I, some kind of mutant?”
Drakon scooted over to her and took her in his arms, “Not at all. You’re human, a very special human who turns out is even more special now. Come on let’s eat, I did go to the trouble of making you this wonderful picnic and you’ve only taken one bite so far.”
She had a lot on her mind, but the food helped. Finally, her curiosity got the better of her and she had to ask, “So Drakon, what exactly can you do? Your abilities? I know your hearing is super sharp and I’m guessing by the comments that you have the ability to travel very far very fast. Even more so than that day you caught me. Oh, and then there’s the memory wiping, but what else can you do?”
“Well, that depends. We’re not born wielding any powers or anything. We have to learn how to use them, how to develop them. It would be a bit of a headache for the parents if their children could do at birth what we can do in our adulthood. It also depends on the bloodline as well. I belong to one of the three main clans; our bloodline is one of the stronger ones so we have more abilities than most.”
“Which is?”
“For one, I have the ability to alter memories as well as my parents and siblings, but only about a third of our race can. We all have the ability run at great speeds, fast enough to cross bodies of water on foot. Our hearing is sharp enough to listen in on words whispered halfway across our house. We can see in the dark and at great distances, our strength is more than enough to make the world weight lifting champions look like sissies, and so on. Most of it focuses on the senses, to make us the ultimate hunter, but many of our abilities are limited to the hours between sundown and sunrise. They’re still strong, but greatly reduced during the day.”
“Okay, so if you’ve run to Spain for the night, you’d have to wait to come back until the next night?”
“You got it. In fact, had you gotten through the trees that first day we may have lost you.”
“But not for long. That dog creature of yours found me once. I have no doubt it would have been waiting for me on my door step when I finally made it back and you wouldn’t have been far behind. One of them follows us every time we set one foot outside and I’m willing to bet it’s not you that thing is following.”
“Ah yes, you figured that out huh?”
“I know your family wouldn’t want any loose strings. Either I returned with you or… well either way I didn’t stand a chance.”
“Look at it like this, you’re the only one I know of that sensed us and gave us a good run for our money.”
“If only I’d sensed that sooner. Neither of us would be in this mess and my parents wouldn’t be going out of their minds for the rest of their lives never knowing what happened to me.” She took a deep breath and pulled herself together. “Go down fighting; right?”
“That’s my girl. Now, what do you want to do tonight?”
“I figured you had something planned.”
“I do, but I still wanted to see if you had anything in mind. No reason why you can’t choose something you’d enjoy.”
“What I’d like to do is get out of here for a while. Maybe sit and drink a cup of coffee and just watch the people go by. Or go down by the river where there’s that little waterfall and watch the squirrels run around. All those little things I miss, but that’s not going to happen so it’s best not to dwell. Besides it’s not forever, that’s what all this is about right?”
“You’ll be back doing all those things you love Calynn, I promise. One way or another you’ll have a life of your own again.”
“I’ll hold you to that you know.”
“I wouldn’t expect anything else.”
Chapter Eighteen
The two decided on a private dinner and a movie, then after he took her back to her door he’d sneak back in for another not so secret meeting. They spent the night cuddling close, holding each other’s hands, being playful and shy all while attempting not to be caught by anyone. They felt silly at times, but you do what you’ve got to do; all the while he was putting a plan into action and by the time he was sitting in his father’s study reporting on his progress he’d worked the whole thing out.
“Father, I have a plan that should bring Calynn into a deeper state of affection and make her indebted to me at the same time.”
“By all means go on.”
“I would like your permission to take her off the estate one night. My breaking the rules and incurring the possible wrath of the head of the House of Drake just to give her a night of normalcy should solidify her trust in me and even intensify the feelings she’s developing for me.”
“Granted, I believe that would be very beneficial indeed. Tomorrow is fine.” Drake was willing to concede to almost anything if it would bring this to the end he desired and quickly.
“There’s something else I think we need to consider. I plan to take her a great distance, but she is a missing person and one random photograph by a tourist or co-ed could cause problems. Nothing we couldn’t handle, but I believe a little preparation could save us any lingering issues. I propose that we provide a body for the authorities. Some kind of accident beside the road or something that went unnoticed. The girl’s family and the police would have closure and no one would be looking for her. This way if we were to be spotted even locally it would be less likely to raise alarm.”
“Yes, I agree. I’ll take care of it and might I suggest that you inform the girl of this. Use it to our advantage as it were. It might be a comfort to her to know that her family is no longer in pain over her disappearance. It may help her to let go of her past life and embrace you as her future.”
“As you wish. I’ll tell her tomorrow night when I steal into her room. Will that be appropriate?”
“Yes, I’ll have everything arranged by then. If there’s nothing else I’ll bid you goodnight. I’m sure you have other things to do and I have a few things to take care of myself so if you don’t mind.”
“Absolutely father.”
*****
It was during their walk together through the woods that he told her the first time.
“Calynn, I need to tell you something.” He hesitated before blurting out, “You’re dead.”
“What?”
“I’m sorry, that didn’t come out right. What I should have said was that my father has arranged for the police to find a body and have it positively identified as you. It will look like you were simply out for a walk and was hit by a car. A senseless tragedy, but at least your family will be able to get some closure. I know they’ve been on your mind. I’m sorry I couldn’t do more, but it’s the best I could manage. I wanted to tell you here so that you could do whatever you felt like, cry, scream, whatever and not have to play up to whomever may be listening.”
Calynn stopped dead in her tracks; frozen, before finally flinging her arms around him and holding on for dear life. He held her as she trembled uncontrollably then burst into tears.
“Shhh, it’s okay Calynn, I’m here, I’m here.” Drakon stood there, holding and comforting her until the tears stopped flowing and the shaking turned to deep full breaths. It amazed him that only a few short weeks ago the thought of comforting anyone, let alone a human woman would have come so easily for him. He would have some adjusting to do when this was all finally over. He put his fingers under her chin and lifted her face to look at him. “That’s my girl. Are you alright?”
“It’s strange.”
“What’s that?”
“I never thought I’d be so happy to be dead.”
He couldn’t help but laugh. Here she was learning that her parents were at this minute planning her funeral and she was making jokes.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t laugh. You truly are something Calynn.”
She wiped the last of the remaining tears from her eyes, “Well, when you figure out what let me know okay?”
“Hey I’m serious.” And he forced her to look at him again. “Neither of us would be here if you weren’t.”
“You make that sound like a good thing. Isn’t your father forcing you to marry me?”
“Listen to me and this is me talking, not some act for my father or whatever you might think I’m up to. Meeting you was the best thing that has ever happened to me and no matter what happens I regret nothing. Got that?” Where did that come from?
She simply nodded, now more confused than ever. “Thank you Drakon, for doing that for me; for them. I know I can never go home again, but at least this way they’ll be able to move on.” She paused a second, “I don’t suppose there’s any chance of me going to my funeral is there, I mean how often does a person get a chance to do that?”
He gave her another one of those looks, “I don’t think so Calynn.”
“I’m kidding. You really need to lighten up Drakon.”
“I’ll keep that in mind. Now can I have serious Calynn back for a moment?”
“What’s wrong?” She seemed to be saying that a lot lately.
“Nothing, I just wanted to let you know that my father wants me to tell you about your death. He thinks it will bring you closer to me, so tonight when I see you I’ll be telling you this all over and this time...”
“I’ll be ready, don’t worry and Drakon?”
“Hmm?”
“Thank you.”
They continued their day together hand in hand and she held onto him like a lifeline. She didn’t know if it was him, the day, her changing hormones, or her death, but somehow, she felt that if she let go she’d be lost. When they were standing in front of her sitting room door, with her looking up at him, she realized her heart was pounding. Once again, his thumb was stroking her cheek gently tracing her lips and she felt as nervous as she had the night of her high school Valentine’s Day dance when Jimmy Mason slow danced her into a hidden spot beside the bleachers.
Drakon could hear every beat of her heart, felt every pulse of her blood and knew how easy it would be to kiss her right then and there. Instead he pulled her hand to his lips and kissed her fingers drawing a smile from her. Then he bent down and kissed her cheek whispering in her ear, “I’ll see you soon.”
She nodded gently, the grin still on her face and slowly slipped into her suite to wait for him. She didn’t have to wait long before she saw him move deftly into her bedroom from the shadows of the balcony and she wondered how many times he had done that without her knowing. Quietly he walked over to her and took her in his arms holding her close as she laid her head on his chest and dug her fingers into his shirt.
“I was hoping you would come.”
“I had to, I have something to tell you and I’m not sure how you’ll feel about me afterwards.”
“Nothing could change how I’m feeling about you Drakon.”
“You might after you hear what I’ve done.”
She pulled back slightly, but he held onto her.
“Drakon?”
“Calynn, I know your family has been on your mind and you’ve been worried about them, about how they will never know what happened, so…”
“So?”
“I talked to my father and he arranged to have a body found beside the road, a victim of a hit and run that will be identified as you. Your family will be able to get some closure, to grieve and then to heal. I hope I haven’t overstepped my bounds, please tell me that I haven’t hurt you.”
“Drakon… I... I can’t believe you would do that for me. You risked your father finding out about us just to give me some peace of mind?”
“I’d risk that and more for you Calynn. You’re all I have in this place. You’re the reason I’m here. What good am I if I can’t ease your suffering?”
Calynn buried her head into his shirt, fresh tears streaming down her face, her words muffled in his chest, “Oh Drakon, thank you.”
He lifted her chin and wiped a salty droplet from her cheek, “Anything for you Calynn, anything for you.” Then he bent and kissed her forehead, then her cheek, and then he kissed her; soft and tender and lasting longer than he had intended. When they finally pulled apart she opened her eyes and asked, “Stay with me.”
“For as long as you want me.”
She took his hand and led him to the bed where they lay together, her head resting on his chest listening to the rhythm of his heart. His arms wrapped gently around her, delicately brushing her skin with his fingertips, a silent reminder that he was still there. There didn’t seem like much to say. Both were perfectly content to just be, neither caring what those listening in would report back to Sir Drake. She fell asleep in Drakon’s arms and for the first few hours he couldn’t bring himself to leave her. Finally, he slipped gently from her side kissing her one last time and disappeared into the night to finish what he had started earlier.
Chapter Nineteen
Calynn awoke with a smile still on her face, enjoying the memories that were coming to the surface as she dreamt. Had it not been for Millie coming in with her breakfast she would have gladly slept till noon.
“Good day my lady. I thought you might like to have your breakfast in here this morning. Did you sleep well miss?”
“Huh, oh yes, yes Millie, thank you.”
“I’ve also brought a message from Lady Delphine, miss. She will be out of her studio for a couple of days and will not be available for your fittings.”
“That’s fine Millie, thank you.”
“Also, I have this letter for you.” She handed her an envelope sealed with wax perfectly matching Drakon’s style. It read:
My Dearest Calynn,
I have planned a surprise for you tonight. Tell Millie to bring you an early dinner then not to bother you until tomorrow afternoon. Get some rest, you’ll need it. Be ready at sunset.
Yours Eternally
- D
“Is everything alright miss? You seem a bit flushed.”
“Oh yes, yes Millie everything is perfect, absolutely perfect. I never thought…”
“What miss?” The girl was a little too eager, but Calynn expected it. She also expected that Millie was enjoying being in the middle of this little Austen/Shelly/Stoker drama of hers. 
“Nothing, nothing Millie. Um Millie, I think I’ll stay in today. Could you bring me an early dinner?”
“Absolutely miss, would be my pleasure. Anything else I can do? Deliver a message to anyone for you? I can do it real discretely if you’d like?”
Calynn pretended to contemplate her offer. The girl was definitely hooked. “No, no… I’m alright. I’m just going to take advantage of having the day to myself that’s all.” She stammered at just the right moments to give Millie some doubts and left it at that.
When Millie brought her supper tray she thanked her and gave strict instructions not to return for it. Not to let anyone disturb her until tomorrow afternoon, and not to wake her with breakfast. She assured her that she was fine, she just wanted some rest and alone time in her apartment, not that Millie would believer her. Then waited anxiously for Drakon on her balcony until he appeared silently behind her. She didn’t start or turn around, she simply asked, “How do you keep doing that?”
“I have my ways. Are you ready?”
“What are we doing?”
He picked her up in his arms and held her to his chest, “Just hang on.”
She clasped her hands tightly behind his neck and tensed, “Drakon?!”
“Don’t worry I’ve got you.”
The last of the sun disappeared beyond the western horizon and Drakon took one great leap from the balcony landing with barely a thump near the edge of the forest. Calynn felt the deafening roar of the wind as he sprinted through the trees and quick jolts as he leapt over obstacles and off cliffs and soon she noticed the salty tang of ocean air and felt its misty spray. She knew they had the ability to run over water, but a part of her still couldn’t believe it; until now. Minutes turned into hours, but his grip never faltered or waivered and she soon found herself drifting off, the welcoming warmth of his body a shield against the ocean breeze.
“Calynn… Calynn wake up, we’re here.”
She was still in his arms, but the darkness was gone and in its place, were the sights and sounds of life all around her. Slowly Drakon set her down holding onto her as she steadied herself. She was in a city with lights and people and smells, oh the smells. Suddenly she realized just how hungry she was.
“Where are we?”
“A small town on the Grecian coast. About ready for dinner? They have excellent seafood here. They pull it right out of the ocean and onto the grill. Shall we?”
“What time is it?” She looked at the sky as if that would tell her anything. 
“Very late or very early. It depends on your point of view, but this is one of those villages that is more shall we say, nocturnal?”
Calynn felt like a normal person again sitting on the patio dock, eating the best fresh seafood she’d ever had in her life. Laughing and talking like life hadn’t become a macabre game of chess. She forgot about the role she had to play, her imprisonment, the baby and all that went with it even for just a little while, but the night wasn’t over yet. After dinner, they walked hand in hand along the shoreline until they were out of sight, then he picked her up again and not twenty minutes later she was sitting at a small café in the south of France sipping the best coffee she’s ever tasted and watching the people walk by. She couldn’t stop smiling, he had given her so much, done so much. Sure yes, it was all a preapproved outing sanctioned by his father to bring her closer to him, but Drakon could have taken her anywhere in the world, but he’d brought her here. To some small place where she could just be normal again, dinner, coffee all the things she had told him she missed. 
“Are you about ready?” He asked as she stared off into the crowd of pedestrians.
“Isn’t it getting late?”
“Not if we keep heading west, but if you’re too tired and want to call it a night?”
“Not on your life! Where to next?” She set down her cup and nearly bounced out of her seat.
“Oh no, you’ll just have to wait until we get there.”
It didn’t take long before he set her down again, but instead of the sights and sounds of life and laughter there was only the gentle pulse of the ocean waves and the silver light of the full moon. Calynn’s breath caught as she took in her surroundings. She was standing on the edge of a lagoon fed by a cascading waterfall, the ocean only yards away adding to the serenity of the night. Frogs and insects chirped in the distance of the rustling trees reminding her of home and the peace and comfort that it offered her.
“This is amazing. Where are we?”
“A small, private island in the Bahamas. There’s no one here to bother you, it’s just us and it’s all yours.”
Her eyes gleamed in the moon light, just when she thought things couldn’t get any better here she was standing in a paradise all her own. Calynn spun into him, placing her hand on his cheek wanting to say so much, but not being able to. Then turned and stripped to her underwear stepping silently into the lagoon. She swam to the waterfall embracing it with open arms then dove back into the pool once more doing a couple of laps before resurfacing with an invitation for him to join her.
“I think I’ll stay up here where it’s considerably dryer.”
She glided towards him in the water pausing when she got close, her hands in front of her. “Either you come in on your own or I’ll drench you.”
“You know I can be on the other side of this island before you even move your hand.”
“Oh come on, live a little Drakon. It’s not like it’ll kill you. You’re not the wicked witch of the west. Or is there something I don’t know?”
“Alright, alright, you win.” He shed his clothes down to his boxers and waded in after her. The two spent the night swimming and splashing, diving and surfacing and simply standing beneath the waterfall. Then as the evening wore on they languidly lay against the rocky edge bobbing in the water, his arms wrapped around her as she lay against his chest.
“Thank you, Drakon, for everything.” Was all she could say.
“You’re welcome Calynn.” They stayed like that for some time, listening to the chirping insects and the crashing waves just content to be, but it couldn’t last.
“Calynn… I…”
“Hmm.” She said in a sleepy daze.
“I… it’s getting late, I think we should be getting back.”
“Just five more minutes.”
“Okay, but I don’t want to hear any complaining if we get stuck here. Especially when somebody starts getting hungry or needs to use the bathroom. This place is great for privacy, but it is seriously lacking in other amenities.”
“Okay, okay you win this one, I got you into the water so it’s only fair that you get me out.”
They sloshed out of the lagoon and Drakon disappeared into the foliage returning with two large, warm, fluffy spa towels for them to dry off. Then he retreated into the darkness grabbing his clothes along the way emerging once again fully dressed hanging his wet shorts and towel over a large palm to dry. Taking her cue from him she did the same.
“What about our clothes?”
“I’ll pick them up later.”
“Will they still be here?”
“Sure, unless there’s a hurricane. I didn’t find this island by accident Calynn.”
“I’d smack you if I wasn’t so tired you know.”
“I know, come on it’s time to go.” He lifted her easily into his arms and she nestled into his chest for the ride home, but when he set her down again it wasn’t where she was expecting. They were on the top of a cliff in a small rocky clearing surrounded by large dense trees. A thick mist covered the ground below in a carpet of grey that she could barely make out. Drakon sat down on the edge of the cliff his legs dangling over the precipice offering her a spot beside him. Cautiously she sat down next to him, not too crazy about the height, but she had to admit the view from on top of the world was breathtaking. What she could see anyway. They sat like that, side by side for some time in the growing dawn watching the sky turn from black, to grey to pink. It was one of those mornings where everything was bathed in hues of crimson and gold. As if they truly were looking at the world through rose colored glasses.
“This is where I came; during the equinox. I had planned to be a world away after I left you that last night. I’d cleared your memory, then left the house for… well where ever was farthest, the other side of the world, but when I got here to this spot on the edge of our grounds I couldn’t jump. I couldn’t leave. At first, I told myself that I’d just sit here a while and decide where I wanted to go, but a few minutes turned into hours, until like now I was watching the sun rise on your last day and I stayed. I stayed all day, until I knew… until it was late, expecting to return like always to a world where you no longer existed, but there you were. And then…, I was a coward; for leaving you then. I won’t do that again Calynn. I promise.” He took her hand and they sat watching the sun rise over the mountains before she fell asleep leaning against him. He lifted her gently in his arms and walked her back to the house, careful not to disturb her.
“Hey genius, how are you going to get me back into my room? Were you planning to walk right through the front door?”
“Shhh, hush. Go back to sleep.”
“But the sun’s up, I think that blows the sneaking back in thing out of the water.”
He was standing beneath her room, the doors still open as they’d left them, “I said they were diminished,” and with one great leap he was standing on her balcony, “I didn’t say anything about losing them entirely.”
“Cheat.”
Drakon laid her on the bed kissing her forehead, “Goodnight Calynn.” Then disappeared.
Chapter Twenty
She slept until well after noon and had it not been for Millie’s arranging her covers she may not have woken then.
“Oh, hi Millie.”
“Mistress, I’m so glad to see you’re alright. I’ve been so worried.” She looked it too.
“What time is it?”
“Well after the noon hour my lady.”
“And how many times did you come into my rooms looking for me?”
“A few miss.” A blush crept onto the girl’s cheeks.
“I figured. As you can see I’m here, safe and sound and perfectly alright.”
“Where did you go miss? I was quite worried.”
‘I bet’, maybe the master of the house chose not to inform her of the pre-arranged spontaneous outing or he just didn’t consider her worth notifying. “I was with Drakon. He took me… out.”
“Yes, miss… but, please…” Millie chewed her bottom lip nervously.
“Yes Millie?”
“Don’t do that again; leave without telling me. I can see that you and the young Master Drakon have a… kinship and not to worry I won’t betray you, but please if you are to leave let me know of it so that I do not worry so. I could be very useful in assisting you.”
Calynn gave her a shy smile, “Alright Millie, from now on I won’t hide anything from you, but Millie if you’re aware of my actions; of our actions, then they could hold you responsible. You would be defying them.”
“I would be held responsible either way mistress. At least this way I could be doing some good for you and Master Drakon.”
“Okay Millie, if that’s what you want.”
“Thank you miss, now how about I bring you something to eat and then you get some rest. You must be exhausted after your night out.”
“That would be nice, thank you.”
She ate in peace and tried to go back to sleep, but her mind kept playing over her night with Drakon. So much happened and it was hard to separate her mind from her feelings. She knew the whole thing was just another stunt designed to bring them closer, but she couldn’t help but think that he was doing more than that. Then there was that incident on the cliff, why had he told her what he did? Was he playing her? Did she care? Was she really falling for him? No, she couldn’t! Not with someone, something, that could do what he does to a living human person just so he can keep his youth. Not with someone she couldn’t trust was playing her like one of those instruments in their music room, and not with a man that was lying to her every day about that night. Unfortunately, there was another part of her that wasn’t listening. A part that could still feel his arms around her, could still see the smile on his face as he sat across from her at dinner. The part that couldn’t wait to see him again and jumped for joy when he was near. 
She couldn’t sleep, couldn’t concentrate on her book, and after reading the same page five times she finally gave up and sat in the chair on her balcony, watching for any sign of him. It grew dark and cold, much colder than before and when even the blanket she had curled up in wasn’t enough she made herself go inside. “You won’t see him coming anyway. You’ll turn around and he’ll just be there.” So she closed the double doors and propped up in bed. Sure she would feel him sneak in any minute, but she didn’t and the night was turning into morning when she felt Millie pulling the covers over her.
“No Drakon, I have to wait… Drakon… I want… need.” She slurred in her weariness.
“I know miss, it’ll be alright. You just sleep and I’ll wake you when he comes.”
She awoke, just before dawn to Millie sitting on the edge of her bed, probably making sure she didn’t run off in the night. Only it wasn’t Millie, it was Drakon. Calynn shot up out of bed and flung her arms around his neck.
“Where were you? I waited all night! Do you know how worried I’ve been?” She was about to say something else, something more, but caught herself. “I thought maybe your father had caught you, or someone else. Don’t you ever do that to me again; disappear like that! Do you hear me? I couldn’t bear it if anything happened to you. I don’t know what I’d do.” She’d played it well, but what scared her the most was how much of that she truly meant.
“Calynn, I need you to come with me.” And he pressed his finger to his lips.
She nodded and quickly dressed. Then went to find Millie who was silently waiting in the sitting room, to inform her that she would be unavailable for a while. Drakon looked at her curiously, but she reassured him with a look of her own. Within seconds he had scooped her up in his arms, leapt from her room and passed unnoticed into the woods setting her down in the same cliff side spot from the morning before.
“Alright spill it.” She was angry, at herself, at him, at being scared. She didn’t know which, but she didn’t want him to know it.
Drakon paced back and forth, looking up at her then down at the ground, at her, then the skyline beyond the ridge, at her then the trees surrounding them. All while pacing like a caged animal and it made her more than a little nervous.
“What’s wrong Drakon? You’re scaring me,”
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to, I just…. Calynn I’ve been thinking and I have to tell you something, something important and you might hate me afterwards, but I can’t do this anymore. I can’t hide this from you. You’re going to find out anyway and I don’t want it to be from anyone else, even though no one really knows about it right now, but that won’t last long.”
“Whoa Drakon slow down, you’re babbling. Now tell me. What is it you’re trying to say?”
He walked to her, stopping only inches from her. Slowly he reached out taking her hands in his, rubbing her knuckles and fingers with his thumbs. “Calynn, it’s about the child… I… I don’t know exactly how to tell you, but…”
“You’re the father, I know.”
“What, but how?” His head shot up, his eyes wide. Had he not been grounded, and something other than human he may have stumbled backwards.
“I don’t know really, but the more time we spend together the more I think I’m remembering. It started out as dreams, but now I’m recalling bits of conversations. The same ones over and over, but still different and then there was that night, just one night that it was more. There’s nothing more after that, it’s all just Millie and trays and wandering around the house, but nothing with you.”
“No there wouldn’t be. After that night I thought it was too dangerous to keep visiting so I stopped.”
“Dangerous? What? You think they’d do something more than drain me dry?”
“Not just for you. Calynn, I meant a lot of what I said about my family. More than what I’ve ever wanted to admit even to myself, but somewhere along the way of playing that role I realized just how much I meant it. I hate what they do, what I’ve done, what I am and I don’t want any part of it, but I can’t leave you behind. I won’t. What you decide to do once we leave and it’s safe is still up to you, but I won’t walk away from this; from you and not from our… from our child.” He pushed on, not daring to stop or he might never say what he had to. 
“Calynn I’ve been thinking about this a lot. I’ve tried not to, oh how I’ve tried, but I can’t get away from it; from you. 
The other night I wanted to take off with you, just disappear right then and there. I hated the idea of bringing you back here, but I knew that if I didn’t my father would have every member of our clan out looking for you, hunting you. I won’t allow that.” He began pacing again, but Calynn was too stunned to more than watch and listen. 
“It wasn’t supposed to be like this. I was supposed to take you to dinner and show you an enjoyable time and bring you back, but I just couldn’t stop. I wanted to make every moment special for you. To give you back some of what you said you missed the most and then when I brought you here. Oh, what was I thinking? Calynn I never should have said what I did, that was unfair to you, to both of us and now I can’t take it back… or can I?” He suddenly stopped turning towards her, almost desperate.
“Don’t you dare! If I knew your whole name right now I’d be using it. Don’t even try it! How dare you even think about manipulating my memory?”
“Calynn, you don’t understand, what I said wasn’t fair to you, to either of us. I let things get out of control.”
“So what?”
“What?” He was taken aback; again.
“So what! Why’d you bring me out here Drakon?”
He thought about that briefly, “I had to tell you the truth about us before it went any further. I didn’t want to keep anything from you, not something that important.”
“Why?”
“I don’t understand?”
“What does it matter if you’re truthful about being the father of this child and not about anything else? Or are you just afraid I’d find out later and that would ruin your plans, whatever they are?”
“No of course not.”
“Okay then what is it?”
“Calynn, …”
“Don’t ‘Calynn’ me. Either you’re working towards your own ends, or you’re genuinely trying to do something decent, to save my life; our lives. So, which is it?”
“You see you’re already seconding guessing everything. I just don’t want to make things worse for you.”
“Oh don’t give me that. You know good and well I’ve been second guessing you and everyone else in this place from day one, don’t you?”
Drakon looked down and nodded.
“Alright then. Look Drakon, I think I get it. The lines between us have become… a little blurred and it scares you, doesn’t it? I’ve opened a lot of doors for you, you didn’t even realize were there and it’s a lot to deal with. I’ve been learning a bit about that myself, but if you want me to trust you, knowing these things about you actually helps.”
He turned towards the horizon, as the sky began to transform to day, standing near the edge of the cliff. He had said too much, what was that he’d said about his sister’s mouth? Now it was his own that had run over. Guess it runs in the family, another disturbing thought.
“Drakon, tell me something, looking back over the last couple of days and what you did for me, do you truly regret any of it? Other than your irritation that you let something slip through that shell you’ve built.”
“That ‘shell’ as you call it, is there for good reason, but no; I enjoyed every minute of it; too much. That’s the problem, despite what you might think I have no designs on you or the child. I have no desire for power or to usurp my father as head of the clan. Nor do I have any intention of condemning you to a life as the wife of… of a monster. I only want your freedom and safety and what I said, what I did the other night wasn’t just for you. I allowed myself certain liberties and soon you’ll be gone and…”
Calynn walked up behind him and slid her arms around his body, resting her cheek on his back. At first he stiffened, then slowly covered her hands with his own. What was he doing? He was getting way too involved that’s what he was doing. This was the reason he had stopped talking with her, spending time with her all those weeks ago. It wasn’t natural this hold she had on him, she was human and what was worse; she wasn’t even trying. He was getting too close to the fire and he had a decision to make. Did he want to burn? Would it really be so bad?
So that was it. Calynn was beginning to understand and she had to admit she agreed with his logic. “How about this? How about we look at the other night as a ‘gimmie’?”
“A what?”
“A ‘gimmie’. We needed to let off some steam, do something a little crazy and okay maybe a little stupid so that we wouldn’t say or do something reckless when it mattered. Neither of us will hold anything the other one said or did as anything of substance. It was just two people, exercising a little freedom who’ve been cooped up a little too long. Kind of like the first time you get out on your own without the parents around and you go a little crazy and do stupid stuff just because you can. We got a little freedom drunk that’s all. Sound good?”
He closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath, “Deal.”
“Oh, all except my underwear. It’s still hanging on a branch out in the middle of the tropics, I want it back.”
“You can have a crate full of new underwear on your doorstep in an hour Calynn, what does one set matter?”
“It’s just… oh… it matters alright?”
“Alright, your wish is my command. I’ll run all the way to the tropics to pick up your underwear.”
“Don’t make me push you off this ledge.”
“You could try.”
“Yeah, yeah. So, where does that leave us?”
“On the edge of a cliff Calynn.”
“Oh, you’re so smart.” She didn’t realize he meant so much more. He felt relieved knowing she didn’t take their night together as seriously as he’d feared, but no matter what she said, he knew what he meant, what he said, and how he was feeling. That wouldn’t go away.
“No more talk of Jedi mind tricks?”
“Jedi what?” He turned to face her clearly confused.
“Oh no, how old are you? Seriously? You’ve lived how long and you don’t know… oh we have to fix that!” She backed away from him and shook her head. “Next thing we do is go to the media room and have a movie marathon got it?”
“Okay, but that still doesn’t explain what you meant.”
“Oh, right. No more wiping my memory, got it? I need everything I have to keep things straight. Besides I’m remembering things about us anyway so odds are it’ll just come back and then you’d have a lot of ‘splaining to do Lucy.”
“Lucy? Who’s Lucy?”
“I have sooo much to teach you, don’t I, but you get my meaning, right?”
“Yes; agreed, I’m sorry for even thinking of it. That was beyond cruel… Calynn? Your memory? Is that all you’re remembering, just the instances between us and not…?”
“Not your brothers?”
He nodded, and the look of fear and concern in his eyes almost made her want to throw herself into his arms again, but that wouldn’t be such a smart idea. 
“No, nothing about them. I think it’s only the things I want to remember. At least some part of me does. It’s only you Drakon.” That came out a little more honest and breathy than she’d wanted, but if he noticed he didn’t let on. This friends only bit was going to be a little harder to pull off, she didn’t realize how much until now. Speaking of their night together all those weeks ago…
“Drakon. How do you know? How do you know that, that you’re the father?”
He took a deep breath and walked toward her placing his hand on her belly feeling that spark of electricity once more. “I can feel it. Our kind have the ability to identify our family that way; by a sort of sixth sense just by feel. As we grow older we can tell a brother, a parent or just someone belonging to the clan by our nearness. It keeps down the infidelity rate. Not everyone can connect with an unborn child, but I wanted to know; I had to. I’d sharpened my hunting skills over the centuries, learned to focus and thought I may have a chance. 
When I returned to the estate the day of the equinox and discovered you were still alive I listened in on everything my parents said and discovered you were pregnant. That night as you slept I entered the room and laid my hand on your abdomen and felt the child growing inside, my child. The feeling is only stronger now. That’s how I know.”
“Good.”
He arched his eyebrows.
“Yes I mean that; good. I’m glad, I’m ecstatic. You have no idea how worried I’ve been that this baby was Rais’ or Ivan’s. No offence, but your brothers are certifiable psychos! At least with you as the father I have a chance that it’ll be descent. You have no idea how happy you’ve just made me!” And this time she did throw herself into his arms hugging him tightly.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, Drakon. This is the best… you’re the best, you saved me.” She stood back not looking as much at him as past him, her mind racing with a flood of understanding.
“What?”
“If it hadn’t been you with me that night it would have been one of them. That night, us together, it saved me getting pregnant by one of them. This thing, with my blood has always been there. I could have gotten pregnant by any of them, that’s terrifying Drakon. Do realize how scared I’ve been? The whole time you’ve been agonizing over giving in that night and you saved me. I have no idea what this child is going to be, I wasn’t ready to have a baby that would be normal let alone one that could be insanely powerful, but at least with you, with this child being yours…. Drakon I finally feel like I have a chance here. Do you understand?” The words tumbled out of her mouth as fast as they came and she was speaking almost as much to herself as she was to him.
Then it hit him. She couldn’t do this alone, and she was terrified in having to. If he stayed with her, in whatever way she wanted him she wouldn’t have to do it by herself. He wasn’t going to lose her after all and the smile that wanted to burst from him was the hardest one to hide in all his life, but he managed with only a slight smirk. “Calynn, I’m so sorry I didn’t realize. You’re right, I was so focused on the short term I never…. Don’t worry you won’t be alone, I won’t let you go through this by yourself I promise. We’re in this together.”
Suddenly she broke out in laughter. All that pent-up fear was erupting into relief, Drakon was the father, she wasn’t alone, and… and…. “Wait, does your father know about this, about you being…”
“Yes, I told him the next day, once I was sure of his desire to make you part of the family. I had already planned to admit my involvement and accept the role of husband to you, but instead of me having to sway him in the idea he’d already chosen me as your intended. It made things easier, but I knew he could possibly feel the parentage of the child as well. If not him then the good doctor may very well discover it and I wanted to have enough up front so that he wouldn’t question any of my other actions. I hope you don’t mind, but it had to be done.”
“No, you’re right, better admit stealing the cookie than get caught with your hand in the jar.”
“Exactly.”
“Who else knows?”
“Just him. He’s kept that information strictly between us, most likely so that he doesn’t tip his hand.”
“What about my blood, have you told him about that?”
“No. I’ve been keeping an eye on Dr. Edme’s research and he’s no closer to finding anything. He’s still testing your plasma samples in combination with my brothers’ blood to find the anomaly. Any genetic reference that would indicate your connection with our kind is overshadowed by my brothers’ own DNA. That and he’s also still focused on the serum, using your blood from when you first arrived. Fortunately, my father hasn’t informed him of my involvement. As for anyone else, as I said, I’ve removed the documents from the library archives that may point to the cause. I’m keeping them hidden for now. No one else has been exploring that possibility. The only one that would even be a threat would be Rais. Since it doesn’t directly affect them personally the others only carry a general curiosity about it for now. The child can only give them a little more sway with the other clans once its abilities are known and who knows how long that will take to discover. No, at present my only concern is Rais and he’s being watched by my father night and day.”
“Are you sure your father would tell you if your brother’s up to something?”
“No, and that’s why I’ve been watching him myself.”
“You?”
“Yes, each night when I leave you I travel to Prague, or wherever he’s at and make sure he’s not planning to interfere. So far, he’s less interested in you and trying to conceive a child of his own, or to be more accurate a legion of children of his own. It’s a waste of time, but it’s keeping him occupied at the moment and not looking too hard at what’s going on here. Fortunately, my father plans to keep him abroad until after we are properly wed and there’s nothing he can do about it that won’t cause an uprising within the clans after we’re joined. He doesn’t have the backing for that.”
“And when do you think that will be? The wedding I mean?”
“As I said before, I have no doubt my father and mother both have already been making the arrangements. I hope you’re not planning on a long engagement.”
“I wasn’t planning on any, but then again you know the old saying about plans. What about the engagement? When should we do that?”
Drakon scrubbed the back of his neck, “I was hoping you wouldn’t ask that. To be honest I don’t know. I didn’t want to rush you, but the way things are going I don’t think my father will wait much longer.”
“Probably not, but I don’t see why we can’t go ahead. Millie already has the belief that we’re close to running off with each other.”
“You told her that?”
“Didn’t have to. I think she’s a bit of a romantic. She made me promise to let her know when we take off so that she can cover for us.”
“I was wondering what all that was about back there.”
“And you can bet she’s been running right back to your mother or whomever informing them of every move we make.”
“Oh no doubt, I’ve heard it myself and you’re right. She’s ready to swear to Lana, that’s my mother’s personal maid, that you’re pining for me.”
“Pining?”
“It means,”
“Oh I know what it means I just didn’t think anyone used that old term anymore.” And she laughed.
“Are you trying to suggest something?”
“Me nooo, now would I do a thing like that.” She batted her eyes innocently. “No, but seriously Drakon I like the way you put things, the way you speak. It shows a level of respect and decency that has been lost in recent years. Kind of like the gentlemen you read about and see in those movies. You could teach a lot of men a thing or two.” She caught herself, and cleared her throat quickly changing the subject. “So, how do we bring it up, the engagement?”
“That’s a bit more complicated.” He actually winced. “Please hear me out before you pass judgement, but when I told my father about my plan to win your affections it was in a way that would bring you into a desire to rescue me from my family. As much as you yourself being freed. My intention was for you to…”
“For me to ask you.” She folded her arms and raised her brows at him.
“Yes. I hope I haven’t disappointed you?”
She took a deep breath and waited, “No, it was egocentric and bold, but that’s what you’re trying to display so it was actually a wise move. I probably would have done the same thing. It is a game of chess we’re playing here right?”
“Precisely, I’m very thankful you understand.”
“Don’t worry I’ll play my part, but I’m going to need some help.”
“Without question, anything Calynn. I’ll visit my father tonight to update him on the status of our relationship.”
“Oh, how romantic, ‘the status of our relationship’.”
He gave the ‘look’ and she just stuck her tongue out at him, “Then I’ll entreat him to influence my sisters to ‘reveal’ our traditions regarding marriage and paternal responsibility and such. That should be enough to spark a conversation when I show up tomorrow night.”
“Alright, so tomorrow night I beg you to marry me is that about it?”
“Something like that.”
“I never thought I’d be the type of person to beg a guy to marry me.”
“You still aren’t Calynn, believe me you still aren’t. Come on, let’s get you back to the house, you need to eat. I’ll stop by and we’ll have that movie ‘marathon’ you wanted.”
“Why not just stay with me?”
“What?” he wasn’t sure he heard right, or if he did he wasn’t sure he understood.
“Well, we’re supposed to be acting like two people sneaking around in love, getting caught trying not to get caught, right? What better way to give Millie something to report than her having help sneak you and me out of my room?”
“Calynn, I do believe I should have been planning this entire scheme with you from the beginning.”
“Yes, you should have, just remember that.”
He gave her a gentlemanly bow, then offered his arm walking her back to her room. Once they were back they decided to go all out and give Millie a shock she’d never forget. Calynn put her slinky white negligée back on and Drakon stripped down to his shorts sliding between the sheets. She opened the door and asked Millie to please bring breakfast for two giving her just enough view of Drakon in her bed to send her maid running straight to the mistress of the house herself. Then she quickly closed the door as if she’d revealed too much. 
Calynn was desperately trying to stop herself from bursting out in laughter at the look on Millie’s face when she caught a glimpse of Drakon propped up in the bed, his arms behind his head. When she turned around the sight took her back to those two amazing nights with him and her heart began to pound. She hadn’t intended to feel anything, but biology was winning out. She quickly put on her robe before sitting in the chair across from him awaiting Millie’s return. It wasn’t long before there was a gentle knocking on her door and she hopped into bed with him, inviting an unsuspecting Millie in to gawk. The two had a tough time keeping a straight face. The look she had as she set down the tray of food and rushed back toward the exit was beyond priceless. Even with keeping her eyes on the floor nearly the entire time.
“Thank you, Millie.”
“Anything else miss?”
“Yes, if anyone asks I’ll be… occupied for the rest of the day.”
Millie’s eyes grew big and round, “Yes absolutely miss, you’re not to be disturbed, and if it’s something I cannot prevent I’ll be sure to knock loudly. Would you like the entire suite to yourself, miss?”
“Thank you, Millie, no. The bedroom will be fine.”
It went off better than planned, but as soon as the door shut behind her servant Calynn shot out of bed and into her private bath leaving a very bewildered Drakon still under the covers. He couldn’t ask her what was wrong, he was sure they were being listened to, but her actions were so… unusual. It was her idea after all. What had happened to make her so uncomfortable? He tossed back the sheet and got dressed and waited for her to emerge from the bathroom. When she did she was completely dressed and it was like nothing had happened.
“Umm, that looks good, you sure do know how to work up a girl’s appetite.”
He was still confused, but he played along. “Yes, and I could stay in this bed all day with you if you’d let me, but that wouldn’t go unnoticed. So, shall we spend the day in the media room?”
“In the dark, all alone? It’s a deal.”
They ate; Drakon insisted she needed to stay heathy and nourished. Then just as they’d planned, recruited Millie to ‘sneak’ them out of her room before heading downstairs for an entire day of Jedi’s and Wookies and non-working hyper-drives. Drakon couldn’t believe he’d missed so much. The cinema had always been a distraction, a magic show that kept people from experiencing life. He still thought it a distraction, but one he was beginning to thoroughly enjoy. He still wasn’t sure why they had to start watching them all out of order, until later. After the credits rolled on the last film they could squeeze in before Calynn’s eyes began to close on their own, he walked her back to her room with the theme song still running through his head. He kissed her goodnight, lingering a little too long on her lips, then hummed a few bars of the villain’s theme, “Dun dun dun, dun da dun, dun da dun.” Calynn smacked his stomach with the back of her hand then shook it when she realized that smacking him was like hitting a brick wall. He strode off suppressing a smile as he made his way to his father’s study.
Chapter Twenty-One
“I was beginning to wonder about you Drakon. I haven’t heard from you in days.” Sir Drake’s irritation was clearly showing. Drakon had anticipated as much. As much as his father talks about trusting him and not needing to be informed so often it was just that; talk. Sir Drake fully expected to be informed even before anything happened.
“I realize that father and I apologize, but I believe you’ll understand when I tell you that I have succeeded in obtaining the girls favor and I believe her to be ready to accept me as her husband.”
Drake shot up placing his hands on his desk and leaned in, “Are you sure? She is willing?”
“Yes father, I have spent extra time with her as we had discussed and am quite certain that with a little assistance from Delphine and Erzsébet that our engagement could occur within the week. A matter of a few days most likely.”
“What do you need, name it and it is done?” The air was thick with anticipation.
“I need them to make the girl aware of our laws and traditions regarding paternal claims, marrying age and etcetera, without it being too obvious of course. This will put the idea into her head and once she’s had a day or two to meditate on the possibilities I am quite positive she will insist upon acting on it. If she appears to be wavering I’ll encourage her with my sudden decision to leave, that my presence would be putting her in danger. This will no doubt trigger a decision in our favor. I’ve seen it happen often enough with soldiers during times of war. Unless you have other ideas father? I will always yield to your desires.” He knew he had his father right where he wanted him. Had he been another kind of man, or even his earlier self before he’d met Calynn he would have enjoyed the hold he had on the old man, but it was far more than just getting one over on his father. This was life or death; Calynn’s life and ego had no place in this game.
“I admit when I had not heard from you after nearly three days’ time I was slightly disturbed, but you have more than rectified any concerns I may have had. I see now that you were, going the extra mile, so to say in acquiring the girl’s affection and from what I understand have been quite successful. I will make sure that your sisters are well equipped tomorrow and if they are not to be found at home I will personally drag them back here myself.”
Drakon had no doubt the man would, “Thank you, father.”
“My son, it hasn’t been that horrible of an experience for you I hope?”
“It hasn’t been the most enjoyable at times, but I must admit that as of this moment I haven’t been completely appalled. I’ve chosen to look at the situation as a hunt, one of which I am about to secure. After that I’m not so sure. Once the interest has passed I will try to look upon it as my duty to my clan and my family. I assure you father, I will not abandon my responsibility nor will I bring dishonor to you or the House of Drake.”
“Very well. Your task is the girl, do not allow yourself to become distracted with concerns of my knowledge. I realize that things may become rather involved in the near future and will attempt to exercise patience if you are unable to keep me informed.”
“Thank you, father.” Yeah, right. That would be the day that the underworld froze over.
He left the office and headed out for the night. So, this was it. The charade was nearly at an end, this part of it at least. Once they were wed no one could interfere, but until then there were people he had to look in on. Along with a quick stop to make on a small island in the Bahamas and a promise to keep.
Chapter Twenty-Two
Millie woke her as she did most mornings, ushering in her breakfast tray with her approved meal from Dr. Edme. If it wasn’t for Drakon sneaking her goodies and using his influence she’d never have anything decent.
“Good morning miss.”
“Good morning Millie.”
“The young misses Delphine and Erzsébet are back and are waiting for you in the studio if you feel like company. I do believe Miss Delphine desires to take some new measurements that are needed for your wardrobe.”
“Thank you, Millie, please tell them that I’ll join them after breakfast… and Millie?”
“Yes, my lady?”
“Thank you for yesterday. I’m sorry if we… if I put you on the spot back there.”
“Not at all miss. I’m glad that I could be of service to you and the young Master Drakon. Miss?” Her face lit up with her smile.
“Yes?”
“If you don’t mind, I was curious… about you and the young master.”
“Oh, well…” here it comes, “I… I thought my life was over when I came here, but now, with him, he makes everything wonderful again. I… I don’t know what I’d do without him. I think… Millie I think I…” She couldn’t say it, what was wrong with her? It was the perfect moment and she just couldn’t bring herself to say three little words. ‘I love him’. It wasn’t that difficult. Why couldn’t she say it?
“I understand miss. To say it means you can’t take it back, and without knowing there’s a future.”
She nodded looking at the tangled sheets in her hands.
“Keep hope miss. Something as true as what you and the young Master Drakon have are bound to work out in the end.”
“I’d give anything if that were so Millie.” That did it, score one big one for the away team.
Millie smiled and left her to her musings, nearly tripping over herself to inform Lana of the lovesick Calynn, so desperate to be with the second son of Drake.
*****
Calynn’s mind was drifting as she looked out one of the wall sized windows of Delphine’s studio, thinking of Drakon. She kept playing everything he’d said the past few days over in her mind. Then there was seeing him stripped down in her bed. It was almost too much, on top of that was the stunt this morning with Millie. Why couldn’t she say something as simple as ‘I love him’? No, she knew exactly what her problem was, her problem was she was falling for him for real. All those problems with him were dissolving faster than a sugar cube in the rain and all that was left was the two of them, or more precisely the three of them. If she was going to be married to him anyway, why not right?
“You’d better watch it Lizzy, you’ll end up playing the part of wife if you turn up like our dear Calynn here. You know the rules about having a child out of wedlock.” Delphine’s mock scolding of her sister was loud enough to be heard throughout the entire house. Let alone get her wondering attention.
“Not me no way!”
“In fact, if I were Calynn here I’d be having a sit down with daddy dearest demanding the protection of the clan and the rights of paternal obligation.”
“Well, yeah sure if I were Calynn, but I’m a party girl.”
“Right of what?” Talk about obvious. They may know how to manipulate humans and lure them into their sadistic games, but being subtle wasn’t their strong suit at the moment.
“Oh yes, sorry Calynn we forgot you didn’t know. In our ‘society’ no child is born out of wedlock. If a child is conceived before a match is made the responsible male is required to marry the girl. If he refuses he is turned from the clan and the parents of the male in question are required to provide a life for her and the child. Any woman found to be carrying a child has the right to go to the parents of the male responsible and demand a marriage, that he take responsibility for her and the child. I know you’re human, but you are carrying a child of the House of Drake and I’d say you qualify to ask for paternal responsibility or siring rights as it’s known.”
“Yeah, but remember the age thing Delphine. You have to be of age to be able to marry.”
“Then that means she has her choice between Rais and Drakon then doesn’t she?”
“Oh, what a choice. Calynn I’d go with Drakon, he already seems quite taken with you.” She sing-songed the last part and fluttered her eyelashes.
“Am I interrupting anything dear sisters?”
“Oh absolutely Drakon, you always seem to pop up nowadays. Ever since Calynn came here that is. Is there something we should know?” Delphine gave him a not-so-sly smile and turned back to her designs assured her designated work was done for the day.
“Calynn I thought we could go for a walk if you’ve had enough of Tweedledee and Tweedledum here. It’s very nice outside today. We may not have too many pleasant days left before the weather turns.”
“That sounds like a good idea, unless I’m needed here?”
“Oh no, I think we’re all through here. What do you think Delphine? Are we through?” Lizzy smirked and wagged her eyebrows. 
“I think that should about cover it. We got everything we need; the measurements and such that is.”
He draped a jacket around her shoulders and offered his arm, then as they got around the corner he took her hand in his and kissed it, fighting the urge to kiss her fully the entire time. He had a lot to tell her and now was not the time. He quickly guided her to yet another spot in the woods making her wonder just how expansive their estate was and how many ‘secret’ spots he had.
“Well, that’s that. I don’t think I could have missed the hint if I were unconscious. Should I throw myself at you now and beg you to marry me or should we wait for an audience later tonight?”
“And deny them the pleasure of listening in to the culmination of all of their conniving and planning these past few weeks? Do you even have to ask?”
“Tonight it is, then.” She inhaled deeply, this was it.
“It’s a date. Calynn, I need to tell you something. One of Dr. Edme’s assistants was nosing around the library archives last night. Now, the histories are still in my possession, but this may mean the doctor is shifting his focus and could discover the truth.”
“Then you need to tell your father.”
“That’s what I was planning right after our walk, I only wanted to let you know first. We’re in this together, right?”
“Right, so what happens now, after I pop the question that is? Do we go to your father or do you tell him or what?”
“I will need to inform him first, though he’ll already have been told by his resident spy. Afterwards you’ll need to go to him and state your request for siring rights. Don’t worry I won’t be far and I’ll be listening the entire time.”
“You know this is kind of backwards from the way it’s supposed to be. Traditionally it’s the man that’s supposed to go to the girl’s father and ask for his blessing.”
He could tell she was nervous. The last time she’d stood before his father she was seconds from having the life slowly drained from her body. He stepped beside her and wrapped her in his arms.
“It’s okay to be scared.”
“Scared? Who’s scared? I didn’t say anything about being scared, but if you’re getting cold feet now’s the time to tell me.”
“Calynn.”
“Okay okay, maybe the idea of walking into that room with your father is a little… unsettling. He was about to serve me up for lunch before deciding I’d make good daughter-in-law material. Boy, talk about your hot and cold mood swings. He could use some serious Xanax.”
“If you want I can go in with you, be there the entire time right by your side.”
She had to admit she was more nervous than she thought she’d be, but it was almost over. If this was what it was going to take to be free then she’d just have to face her demon. After all, she isn’t the first person to think her in-laws were monsters and she wouldn’t be the last, she just had the unfortunate instance to be right.
“Thanks Drakon, but I’d better do it alone. It might send the wrong message if we walk in there together, you’re not exactly supposed to be happy about taking a human wife.”
“Alright, but remember I’m close by if you need me.”
“Anything else I should know?”
“Not really, I’ll go over it with you tonight. It’ll be more natural that way anyway. Come on, I’ll take you back.”
“Not to Delphine’s studio I hope. I don’t think I can handle trying to concentrate on them and everything else too, especially knowing that you’ll be telling your father about me, my bloodline anyway. How do you think he’ll react? It won’t make things worse will it?”
“I don’t know exactly, but it will definitely shift the focus of his plans and his research?”
“Plans?” Now what?
“I’m not certain, but I wouldn’t be surprised if he hasn’t been searching for other ways to benefit from the situation. Just your existence opens the possibility that there are more like you out there or at least could be if the right conditions are met. Right now he has an advantage with you, but if that could be duplicated in another clan, then…”
“His advantage is out the window. That makes sense, he must be on edge waiting for some answers.”
“He is. More than one servant has been injured with his tirades of late because of it. My father is not used to being left waiting and he enjoys it even less.”
“Then he must be over the moon about us.”
“Not as much as you’re thinking. With you he has a definite plan that is currently under way. He gets regular updates, and is able to witness the progress. Of which I’d better get to.”
“Okay you can take me back, but you’d better not keep me waiting long tonight.”
“Never my dear.”
Chapter Twenty-Three
Drakon entered his father’s study, his arms filled with scrolls and books.
“Drakon good, I’m glad you’re here. I’ve been informed our dear girl has been apprised of our marriage laws, has anything developed?”
“Not yet father, it seems she needs privacy to process the idea and its implications, but we anticipated that. I’m giving it some time and I’ll be visiting her tonight to ‘seal the deal’ as they say. At present, I have a more pressing matter to discuss with you if you’re available?”
“Go on.”
Drakon opened one of the scrolls and placed it before his father on the desk.
“It will come as no surprise to you, but I too have been looking into the reason behind the girl’s conceptive ability. I hope you don’t mind my intrusion into this matter, but my faith in the good doctor is limited. If he has, in effect, discovered anything pertinent than I will gladly apologize.” He waited for his father to correct him, though he knew he wouldn’t.
“I figured he would be concentrating on the girl, so I focused on our kind; our history actually. I’ve been studying them and I believe I’ve discovered something of interest as you can see here.” He spent the next fifteen minutes going over his theory with Sir Drake. Then sat in silence while his father read over the documents he’d provided pondering the possibility.
“Very interesting Drakon.”
“It may help direct your testing in the future thereby eliminating needless experiments and wasted time.”
“Yes, it would.” His voice was deep and rough, a sure sign of his volcanic temper. Drakon could only hope it would be directed at the doctor’s failures and single-mindedness then at his own intrusion into their research.
“Shall I leave so that you can discuss this with Dr. Edme?”
“No, I don’t think that will be necessary Drakon. You’ve more than proven your value in this matter, I believe it will be quite advantageous to have you present.” He placed a call to the doctor requesting his immediate presence. Or as Calynn would put it, ‘get his butt there pronto’.
*****
“Dr. Edme, so good of you to join us. Please have a seat. Tell me doctor, has there been any developments with your research?”
“No Sir Drake. I regret that I have yet to isolate the factor behind the girl’s ability to conceive.”
“Well then you should pay attention. Drakon here has developed a theory that could answer a few questions. Test the girl’s samples for genetic markers from our kind. She may have a heritage that reaches back before the mandatory sterilization of servants.”
The doctor glanced at the papers on the desk and a hint of anger flared. So that’s where those documents were. It should have been him making the discovery and earning the master’s admiration. Now he would have to work even harder for that distinction.
“Absolutely sir. I’ll start analyzing all her samples immediately. Is there anything else I can do for you sir?”
“No. I think you know where to go from here and how significant this is. You may go.”
Once they were alone, the conversation continued.
“I believe you have angered Dr. Edme with your little stunt here Drakon.”
“I find I do not care about the doctor’s opinion of me. I have my own interests to consider here, her ability to produce future offspring and any impact it could have on me.”
“Agreed. When will you be visiting the girl?”
“When we’re through. I can’t guarantee I’ll be able to return this evening to give you an update on my efforts though father.”
“Yes, I understand, but I will expect you tomorrow. We are too close now for you to be lax in keeping me informed. Is there anything you need?”
“No.” and he stood up to leave, but turned as he reached the door, “… but I would like to request that I be kept informed of the doctor’s progress. If you think I have earned it that is. I may have to alter my behavior accordingly.”
Sir Drake stared at him hard, “You will indeed.”
“Then I’ll bid you goodnight father.”
“Happy hunting Drakon.”
Drakon nodded with a sly grin and left making his way the back way to Calynn’s room.
*****
She felt him the moment he was near and was more than a little glad to be getting this over with. She’d been thinking about it all afternoon and evening, pacing her rooms; almost obsessing at times. She had to remind herself that it wasn’t real it was all just an act, but it was one her life depended on. No, it was an act that all three of their lives depended on. What if she messed up? Said the wrong thing, too much, not enough; it was all parading around in her head like a headache that wouldn’t go away, and then he was there. This was it; show time. Calynn had no idea how many in the house would be listening in, but the list no doubt included his sisters, Millie, Lady Anula’s personal maid if not the great lady herself and very possibly the old man Drake as well. Funny she’d never wanted to be an actress before. That’s when she noticed Drakon turning to leave.
“Drakon, wait where are you going?”
“Calynn I’m sorry. I thought I could do this but, I shouldn’t have come. I just wanted to see you one last time.”
“Last time, what do you mean ‘last time’?”
Boy she catches on quick, yet another one of the many things he was growing to…, “Calynn I can’t do this anymore. I’m putting you in danger just by being here.”
“Big deal, do I look like I care? Drakon you’re the one good thing I have in this place you can’t leave!”
“Calynn you don’t understand. If they find out I…”
“That you what? What Drakon? What could be so bad?”
“That I’ve fallen for you Calynn.” He went to her, caressing her cheek with the back of his fingers, brushing his thumb back and forth across her bottom lip. “Hopelessly and totally.”
“Isn’t that a reason to stay, to stay with me?”
“You’re very precious to this family Calynn, to my father and the idea that I’ve been growing close to you, that I could cause any deviation from his plan…. If it was just me I’d burn that bridge, because you’re worth any suffering that he’d could inflict, but I couldn’t bare it if he took it out on you somehow.”
“He’d do that?”
“I don’t know. My father is not used to being disobeyed and he gave strict orders that you were off limits to all his son’s, even me. We’ve gotten away with it so far, but my father is a very intelligent man that no one in this house would dare defy; well almost no one. My sisters already suspect. It won’t take him long to discover this, to discover us.” His voice lowered as if he was speaking more to himself than to her.
“So what if he does?”
“Calynn, you’re carrying a child of the house of Drake and that makes you beyond special. The way he sees it I could very well be corrupting you, or cause a danger to the child. He won’t take that lightly. Don’t you see, I have to go? It’s the only way that I can protect you.” Then he kissed her. A kiss full of longing and sorrow as if he were really saying goodbye and she couldn’t stop the tears from flowing.
“There has to be another way Drakon. I can’t lose you.”
“There is no other way, believe me if there were I’d hold on and never let go.” Then he gently kissed her temple and turned to leave.
“Wait, Drakon wait! You said I was important to your father, right?”
“More than you realize.”
“Then wouldn’t he rather keep me around, keep me tied to the family?”
“What are talking about Calynn?”
“What about paternal siring rights? Your sisters were talking about how in your clans or whatever if a guy gets a girl pregnant she can demand a marriage. Could I do that? Do you think he’d accept it?”
“I…, I don’t know, but you don’t know who to ask for. I mean no one knows who the father is.”
“Does it matter, in this case I mean? If what your sisters said is true then only you and your brother Rais are old enough to marry and your father would never allow the future head of the family to marry a human. That leaves you. Would you… I mean if he agreed, would you… be okay with it?” She wrung her hands nervously just in case someone was watching as well as listening.
Drakon appeared in front of her before she could blink lifting her in the air and spinning her around then held her in close as if he’d hadn’t seen her in months. “Calynn you’re a genius! Of course, of course I’ll marry you.”
“And you don’t mind, about the baby?”
“The instant my father settles the match that child is mine, no matter what anyone says or thinks.”
“Do you think he’d do it, approve the marriage since I’m human?”
“Normally never, but like I said you’re very special to him and I think he’ll see the wisdom in it. It’ll tie you to the family for life; are you okay with that?”
“Why not, I’m going to be part of it one way or another, and they’re not so bad once you get to know them.”
He held her tighter, “Oh Calynn you won’t regret this, I’ll be with you forever I promise.” They stood there holding onto each other as if they’d really just decided to wed. Neither one wanting to break the moment and each thinking it was good in case someone was watching. Drakon pushed her hair back a few times kissing her forehead and Calynn clung to his clothing like it was a life vest before finally taking her cue to continue with the charade.
“Okay Drakon, how do I do this? Tell me what I need to do to get your father’s permission?” He led her to the bed and they sat face to face for a serious discussion.
“Tomorrow you’ll need to go to my father, he’ll be in his study, that’s where he spends most of his time here at home. You’ll need to be firm and tell him that you want the protection of the family. That there’s no life for you outside these walls anymore and that since it is his duty to provide for you because you’re carrying a child of the House of Drake you are requesting siring rights for the responsible person. He’ll probably be stern and abrasive, but don’t back down it’s just his way of dominating the exchange. He’ll bring me up as your only option, sort of a take it or leave it.”
“Where will you be?”
“I’ll be close by don’t worry. He’ll call for me to discuss the options. I won’t be able to let on about us so I’ll have to be stand offish, but in the end, I won’t disobey him. I can’t really tell you beyond that.”
“Should I go first thing in the morning?”
He thought about it and came up with a plan, “No, I’ll already be up and get a feel for how the mood is in the house. We don’t want to catch him in a bad temper. If the time is right I’ll send you a message. Then you’ll tell Millie that you want to see my father Sir Drake, always refer to him as Sir Drake or my lord or some other form of respect.”
“Don’t worry I don’t dare get on his bad side, not now anyway. What about after the engagement, will we be able to spend more time together? Out in the open?”
“I would like to think so, but it depends on how my father wants things to go. If he thinks I’m too willing he’ll know something’s up. We may have to take it slow at first, but I’ll see what I can do. It may work out in our favor, if he’s enthusiastic about the idea he may order me to be prince charming.”
“And what do I need with a prince charming when I have you?”
She leaned in and kissed him, her hand on his chest bundling his shirt in her fist. When she pulled back by less than an inch she could hear him barely whisper, “This could be dangerous.”
“Isn’t it always?”
He cleared his throat to regain his composure, “I should go.”
But she grabbed his arm and pulled him back toward her, “No, stay with me tonight Drakon. Please, I don’t want to be alone. Be here when I wake up?” 
He could see the longing in her eyes. Maybe not the same as what he was feeling, but just as she said she didn’t want to be left alone tonight and he wouldn’t deny her. Without a word, he slid into her bed wrapping his arms around her.
Chapter Twenty-Four
When she awoke he was gone and for a brief second the fear that he’d taken off after all suddenly hit, but that was silly. It was all just an act to get her to propose exactly like they’d planned. She took a deep breath to calm herself and looked around to find a note he’d left her.
My Dearest Calynn,
Sorry I could not be there when you awoke, but I promise I haven’t gone far. Wait for my message and remember I’m always close by.
Yours Forever
-D
She had little doubt that he was already in his father’s study filling him in on the night’s success and she was right. Only the flow of information was going both ways this time.
When Drakon entered the study, he could tell the mood had shifted. His father stood behind his desk unable to hide the excitement, but they weren’t alone. Dr. Edme sat across from Sir Drake a pompous smirk on his lips. He’d found something. Drakon could kick himself, had he not spent the night with Calynn he would have been able to listen in, to keep an eye on the doctor. He rarely slept, but last night he’d been so content sleep came easily. He wouldn’t make that mistake again, not where her safety was concerned.
“Drakon, my son I was just about to send for you! Sit, sit there is much to tell you as I believe you have much to tell me as well, but me first. It seems your theory has panned out. Dr. Edme here has put our dear Calynn’s blood through a battery of tests and found the source of her uniqueness.”
Every muscle in Drakon’s body tensed. Never had his father referred to Calynn with such affection, he barely tolerated her at her all. Something was very wrong if he was this pleased.
“You were correct. She has traces of our genetic code in her, but the doctor here has discovered which clan she is from haven’t you doctor?”
“Indeed, my lord. I began comparing her samples to the known clans, but was unable to discover her history. It wasn’t until I began comparing her genetic structure to that of ‘other’ clans that I was able to make a positive identification.”
“She’s a Valdi my son; a Valdi!”
“But I thought they were eliminated?” It took everything in him not to over-react.
“Yes unquestionably, we took care of them centuries ago, but they were never one to follow the rules and laws that govern our kind. Remember that, but that’s not all is it doctor?”
“No, it isn’t. I began testing her blood from when she first arrived and found it difficult to pick up any traces of the Valdi genetic code, but as time progressed as with her pregnancy the genetic tracers become more prominent.”
“She’s transforming?” He stared at the doctor as if he’d grown another head.
“Not as such. It appears that the Valdi code was dormant, or mostly so until the pregnancy, then it awakened so to speak and is continuing to awaken throughout her entire body. New levels of Valdi cells are activating as we speak.”
“Thank you, doctor. Quite the discovery we have here isn’t it Drakon?”
“Doctor, how will this affect her in the future, the ability to reproduce and what about the child or future children?”
“I see no reason to believe it will cause any difficulties in future pregnancies; in fact, I predict it will enhance her ability to conceive. As for the child it will no doubt inherit not only the genetic code of the father, but that of the Valdi line as well producing a more power specimen than we initially considered. Her body is growing healthier and stronger the more the cells activate. She won’t become one of you naturally, but it will most likely have similar affects as to that of your humble servants.”
“Is there anything else you would like to ask Dr. Edme about my son?”
“I think the good doctor here has been more than helpful. Thank you.”
“Then if you don’t mind Dr. Edme I have things to discuss with my son.”
“Certainly, my lord.”
“Oh and Dr. Edme?”
“Yes, Sir Drake?”
“Keep Drakon here informed of any further developments that arise. Is that understood?”
“Yes, Sir Drake as you wish.” Edme wasn’t exactly happy he had to report to the younger Drake, but he had made the discovery. He had earned his master’s favor. No upstart could take that away from him. He left with the same smug smile he had entered with.
The door latch clicked and the smile that was playing on his father’s face burst out full force.
“Now my son, you couldn’t ask for a more promising development than that. Can you image, a direct genetic link to the most powerful clan that ever existed? This should weigh heavily on your thoughts my son.”
“It does open a lot of possibilities I will admit.”
“Possibilities? Possibilities! You can’t deny that being connected with the Valdi line will be most advantageous? Now it won’t be a thing of shame to be connected with our dear Calynn now will it?”
“No father, I can honestly say that it makes a vast difference in my future dealings with her.”
“Come now Drakon, in light of this can’t you find it in you somewhere to have a genuine affection for her?”
“Father, I admit it changes my estimation of her.”
“You can no longer think of her as a mere human, surely you must see that now?”
“You’re right father. I cannot think of her as a simple human that I’m lowered to accepting, this recent revelation will change my view greatly. I can see the profit in the match and embrace it fully. My dear Calynn has been curious as to if and when we could bring our relationship out of the shadows and with your blessing I may be able to do just that. As long as you have not decided that Rais is now eligible and more desirable as her mate?”
“Rais, no. My previous ruling still stands, this would drive him to obsession over her. Moreover, he will not be informed until after the wedding, no one will. I will not have this advantage talked of before it’s time, nothing must go wrong. We have an opportunity here that will shake the very foundation of our houses. The Valdi were more than just the most powerful clan by numbers. Their abilities were the strongest of all our kind and it took all of us combined to bring them down. Even their servants had developed abilities of their own and I’m not afraid to say today that if I had not had assistance during that first battle at the beginning of the war I would have lost my life to one of their domestics. Even they had abilities that would match one of us and I, having been still somewhat in my youth had not developed mine to all that they could be.
 I once saw the head of the servant staff throw one of the sons of the House of Navidia across the great ballroom of the Valdi eastern estate and there were rumors of telekinetic abilities even among the servants. The power this child and future children could be capable of, just think of it Drakon. No, absolutely no one will know until after the ceremony. The other clans would kill to either acquire her or destroy her. She’s safest here with you to protect her. Besides you’ve already made such a good impression on our girl. You have, haven’t you?”
“Yes father. That is the reason for my visit this morning. She has, just as we anticipated asked me marry her and is anxiously awaiting my signal so that she may come to you to demand the protection of siring rights.”
“That’s my son, I had no doubt that you would secure the lady’s good opinion and in a timely manner too.”
“Thank you, father.”
“Now onto your match, when shall I expect her visit?”
“She’s waiting for me to send her word that it’s safe for her to approach you.”
“Then by all means let’s finish this and get the matter settled. We can’t leave the poor girl waiting, can we?”
“Then I’ll send her word and I’ll be awaiting your summons.”
Minutes later a rose had been delivered to her door and she was on her way to Sir Drake’s office, her heart racing and her palms sweating. Calynn paused in front of the study door and took a deep breath to gather her courage. She’d faced him once when she was ready to die, now she had to face him to live in freedom. She knocked on the sturdy wood door and waited for the man behind the curtain to welcome her in. She wasn’t sure what to expect, a power-hungry mogul maybe, but what she got was even more disturbing.
“My dear Calynn, please come in. It’s so good to see you. I’ve been meaning to get better acquainted, but I’ve had so many projects going of late that I’m afraid I’ve had to depend on my dear family to help you settle in. And how are you finding my brood? Have they been behaving themselves and making you feel at home here with us?”
He was an imposing figure behind his desk, with a strong build and square jaw. His black hair was combed back and held only a touch of silver at the temples. He looked like he’d stepped right out of some European portrait, a Duke or Baron perhaps; proud, arrogant and powerful. His presence filling the entire expanse of the massively elaborate study.
“They’ve been wonderful. The fact that I’m human hasn’t caused them to treat me any less in the least.”
“Wonderful to hear it. If any of my offspring or any in my household is of trouble to you please don’t hesitate to make me aware of it. I only wish for your comfort. Now how can I help you my dear?”
“To put it plainly Sir Drake I’m here for your protection.”
“My protection?”
“Yes sir. Let’s face it I no longer fit in with the world, not with what I know and certainly not in my condition. This child may need care that I’m not equipped to give on my own. Add to that the others of your society that would be a threat to not only this child, but to me as well and my best choice at a safe and full life is under the protection of the House of Drake.”
“That sounds very wise indeed my dear, you are welcome to stay in my home for as long as you wish.”
“I was thinking something a little more permanent Sir Drake. I realize my life is dramatically shorter than yours, but should there be a change in authority here my place may not be so secure.”
He gave the impression of considering the matter, but they both knew he was putting on an act for her benefit, “Understandable. What do you have in mind, Calynn?”
“I understand that the identity of the father is yet unknown, but I’ve recently been made aware of a statute of the clans that says a woman with child has the right to demand a marriage with the responsible gentleman. To put it plainly, I’m here to request siring rights Sir Drake.” Her formal tone surprised her, but she went with it. It probably seemed more respectful anyway.
He steepled his fingers and drew out the moment in pretend contemplation. “It’s not as simple as that my dear. You see, there is more to our laws of marriage than that. For instance, there is the little matter of age. In our society, an individual must be of age to be allowed to enter into a match and as of now only two of my sons have reached that age.”
“Very well. That still leaves two candidates.”
“You would think, but please Miss Calynn you must understand that there are certain requirements for my eldest, the heir apparent. Though I hold you in high regard I cannot violate the traditions of our kind. It could create problems between the clans and I will not put my family in such a position even for you my dear, even if he is the father.”
“Are you denying my claim? One of your sons is the father. You can’t deny that.”
“Not at all, my dear girl, but you do realize that though I have four sons and any of them may indeed be the father only one, Drakon, is available to be your intended and I’m not sure how he will accept the idea. I cannot force him in this matter and I have no intention in doing so. Also bear in mind that once the child is born and the father is determined there will be no altering the arrangement.”
“I would expect nothing less. This situation is far from ordinary for either of us and in other terms you take what you can get.”
“Then I think we have an understanding. Once again, though I don’t doubt his obedience to me, I will not force him to accept you.”
She nodded.
“Then by all means I’ll summon him and see what he says on the subject.”
“Thank you, Sir Drank, your generosity and consideration in this matter is greatly appreciated.” That one hurt, but he seemed to buy it. Hopefully she wouldn’t have to wait long for Drakon. Calynn didn’t want to be left with this man any longer than she had to be and that walking statue of a guard standing behind him wasn’t making her feel any safer.
“Not at all my dear Calynn. I only wish I could do more, but my hands are tied by the customs of my kind.”
‘Yeah I’ll bet.’ “Well considering you’re allowing one of your sons to be attached to a human I’d say you’re going above and beyond Sir Drake.” Just when she thought she couldn’t take one more fake exchange in walked Drakon.
“You wanted to see me father?”
“Yes Drakon. I have something of great importance to discuss with you. Our dear Calynn here has requested siring rights for her own protection and that of her child. Though we are uncertain at this time who the father is you are the only son of Drake that is of age and availability to accept such a request. Now the decision is entirely yours, but personally I would consider it an act of honor and the sign of a true son of Drake if you would consider the matter.”
Drakon looked down at the seated Calynn then turned back to his father. “I will not disgrace the House of Drake or my father. If that is your desire and there is no objection from the lady than I will accept the request and the responsibility that it entails.”
“You do realize that the moment I bless this match you will not only be the future husband to Calynn here, but you will irrevocably be the father of her child. You will take complete culpability for her, the child, and your future?”
Once again he looked at Calynn without emotion then back at his father, straight faced and to the point. “I do. I understand she has a right to claim the protection of the family and under the unusual circumstances I understand that I am the only son of the House of Drake that can stand up and provide that. As long as she is prepared to accept me as her future husband I will gladly accept her hand.” He hoped he was adding just the right amount of gentleness towards the end to show his father he was warming to the idea.
“Calynn? Is my son Drakon acceptable to you?”
Calynn looked up at him and nodded, “Yes Sir Drake. I have found Drakon to be a complete gentleman and I have no objections.”
“Then let it be known that I bless the match of the second son of the House of Drake and Miss Calynn. From this moment on you will be as one, no one in this house or clan will interfere. This match cannot be undone; by anyone. Drakon is the father of the child as of this moment and no attempt will be made to identify any other. Calynn, as of this moment you are a daughter of the House of Drake and as such is under its complete protection. You will be included in our family matters and as such I believe a dinner in honor of your match is in order. Tomorrow you will both sit down with me and my wife and celebrate your marriage where we’ll discuss the arrangements.”
“I look forward to it Sir Drake and am honored by your invitation.” She smiled, two can play that game.
“Now Calynn I have some things to discuss with my son here so if you would be so kind as to give us some time together. I’ll send him back to you after we’re through so that you can get better acquainted.”
She nodded to them both and left without another word, her heart pounding even harder than she went in, and headed back to her suite to collapse onto her bed.
“I’ll only take a minute son. I don’t want to keep you from her side for too long, I only wish to say that you made me proud today.”
“Thank you, father. I’ll do my best to bring honor to the match and the House of Drake. Will the rest of the house be informed or do we need to continue sneaking around?”
“No, by all means, enjoy her company, no more shadows for the two of you. You are free to come and go with her as you please with the proper discretion of course. I’ll call everyone one in, in the morning tomorrow. Everyone except for your brother Rais that is, I believe for now it would be better if he was not informed. I don’t want any bright ideas to come into that brain of his. I’ve had word he’s already searching for a Calynn of his own. Thankfully we now know the chances are against anyone in any clan finding another girl with her qualifications.”
“What about her bloodline?”
“No, her exact line will be guarded until after the ceremony. I will however reveal her connection to us before, most likely I’ll announce it on the day of the ceremony to the family only. Too little information can cause just as many problems as too much. Unless you have other plans my son?”
“Me?” He looked as astonished as he felt.
“Yes Drakon, you. You have always been the most responsible, level headed of all my children and your obedience and actions these last few weeks with our dear Calynn has proven that you are more of an equal in the matter. She is now yours, it wasn’t for her benefit that I said what I did. From now on I take second place in this affair. You know her better and hopefully will continue to. If there is something that you feel should be done or not done all you have to do is come to me. You are the master of your own house this day, as such you’ll need to be planning the affairs for your estate. Bring me your requests and they will be honored just as they would if your courtship had been a normally planned affair. Though I believe you very capable of setting your own household in order I would consider it a personal honor if you would allow me, your old man, to guide you. My door is always open.”
There wasn’t much Drakon could say to that. It was the closest thing to a ‘grown up man to man’ exchange he’d ever had with his father. Now he stood not just as a son and subordinate, but an equal in life. If the situation had been different he would have felt pride, but he also knew his father would still have them both under close supervision. It wasn’t all smoke and mirrors, but it was a snow job to be sure; so he bowed his head and turned to leave.
“Drakon, one more thing. You can see her value now I hope. I mean, I don’t want your life to be… unpleasant. Especially knowing that her life may be extended. I know what you must think of me ordering a match between you just for the advantage, but I do hope you’ll grow to have an attachment to her. That fire in her is quite attractive and she has a good head on her shoulders.”
Drakon tilted his head to the side and let a faint smile creep across his lips. “I’ve had some time to consider the matter and I do believe I am quite ready to be taken with Calynn, father. She is, after all, a Valdi. Oh, and you’re right about that fire, it is quite attractive after all. Don’t look for us for a while, I have plans for us if you don’t mind?”
“Not at all, not at all. You have done all that I have asked and more, without you we’d still be stumbling in the dark with her testing. No need to report back to me unless you feel it necessary Drakon. This is your matter now. I’m only here to write the checks and sign the orders so to speak. Now go, be with your bride, I have a lot to prepare. There’s a wedding to plan you know.”
Drakon left, he’d never seen his father so excited before and that part about wanting his happiness in the match with Calynn, that was truly genuine. To think his father actually wanted him to fall in love with her for real; too late. Probably more for ensuring a long life and many more children. His father always had ulterior motives, but at least he and Calynn could be a little freer in their time together. They still had a role to play, but now he didn’t have to pretend to be so indifferent to her anymore. Then again that could be a problem, his indifference act was the only thing that helped him keep things in check. With that now removed and his own father expecting a genuine attachment he may go too far. He may burn.
Chapter Twenty-Five
He knocked on her door this time. No more need to ‘sneak’ into her room at least not for now and walked in to find her sitting at her breakfast table in the parlour, still picking at the tray from that morning. He wasted no time, walking straight to her he embraced her tightly whispering in her ear, “Don’t say a word, just let me hold you a moment. How about we get out of here while it’s still pleasant out?”
“Take me where you will.” It was cheesy, but who cared. Instead of leaping off the balcony and dashing for the woods they strode right through the house. Their pace still faster than normal, but there was no need for such theatrics anymore. Surly they were still being monitored, but things have definitely changed. She just wasn’t aware of how much. Her mind was full of questions she couldn’t ask yet and if he hadn’t suggested they get out of the house she would have. Sitting in her room waiting for him to show up was nerve wracking and she kept replaying everything that had gone on in that study over and over in her mind. She wasn’t prepared for Sir Drake to be so nice, so accommodating and she even got the feeling he wanted to be even friendlier, but how could that be? How bad did he want to get his clutches on her child? Without thinking she placed her hand protectively on her stomach. She knew what his answer would be and yet she had still found herself to be on edge about the whole thing. Calynn wondered if that’s how men felt back in the day when they were required to get the girl’s father’s permission. There was something else going on, she could feel it. The whole atmosphere reeked of it and she was dying to make Drakon spill his guts. In fact, those were her very words when they reached the safety of the woods.
“Okay spill it, what happened in there? Is there something wrong, something I need to know about?”
“Calynn calm down, it’s alright everything went just as we’d hoped and you did great.”
“Then what was all that about back there? Didn’t he seem a little too… agreeable to you? I was expecting a little more resistance or something, I am only human after all.”
“I know, I know; he had a difficult time covering his enthusiasm.”
“He’s that anxious to get us married?”
“That’s putting it lightly. Calynn I need to tell you something important. It’s about your bloodline.”
“Why do I have a feeling I’m not going to like this?”
“I told him last night about my theory and it didn’t take the doctor long to isolate what family you’re linked to; genetically that is.”
Her heart dropped and for a time the world grew distant, “What did he find?” Her voice was shaky. “Am I… related to your clan?”
“No, he wouldn’t have been that excited.” 
Her eyes grew large and he realized his mistake.
“Oh Calynn, I’m sorry I wasn’t thinking.”
“What did he find Drakon? What am I?”
“Valdi. He found the genetic markers for Valdi. That’s why he’s so excited.”
“Valdi? What’s a Valdi?”
“Remember what I told you about our history that first day in the woods. The Valdi were the strongest most powerful family in history. They were the rulers of our kind and no one opposed them, until the clans banded together in a war that nearly destroyed us all. With the strength of the clans they were finally brought down, the entire Valdi clan and their servants were destroyed.”
“All of them?”
“Not one survived, but it wasn’t just because we lack mercy. The clans were sorely afraid of them, of what they were capable of and couldn’t take a chance with any survivors.”
“Then how do you explain me?”
“The Valdi were notorious for defying the laws of our kind. Including the one about sterilization. There was no possible way of being able to identify all the children the Valdi servants may have produced.”
“And you think I’m a result of one of those children?”
“Yes, it’s the only plausible explanation. I checked Dr. Edme’s results myself when he was indisposed and there’s no mistake. You carry the Valdi genes.”
“What does that mean exactly?”
“Truthfully I don’t know. My father sees it as an opportunity to gain the strength and power of the Valdi through your children. He hopes to create a whole new Drake that can set our clan as the ruling family of all our kind. With your children, our children, he plans to be the next Valdi. The only reason the clans are equal now is because no one has the raw power to ascend into that position, but with you…”
“He not only has a chance to breed a new Drake that doesn’t lose their abilities during the day, but is even more powerful than anyone else out there is that about it? No wonder he was so pleasant.”
“Yes, but…”
“But what?”
“There’s more.” He waited for her to say something; anything, but he was stuck and she needed to know. “The Valdi cells in your body were dormant which is why none of the earlier tests picked up any traces of anything unusual. That’s no longer the case, the cells in your body are waking up slowly. I saw the results and there’s no mistaking it. With every new blood sample, the cells are become more active.”
“How can you tell that just from my blood?”
“The doctor isn’t using a simple microscope and chemistry set. He has the most advanced equipment known to man. Some things that major medical research and government facilities don’t even have yet are in his lab.”
“So… I’m what, I’m mutating? Turning into some kind of freak?”
She was shaking and it wasn’t from the cool fall breeze that rattled the leaves. Drakon grabbed her shoulders and looked her straight in the eyes.
“No absolutely not! You’re not mutating.”
“Then what am I Drakon? What’s going to happen to me?”
“I don’t know Calynn, I don’t know, but I do know you’re not turning into some freak; you’re still you.”
“Then what? What Drakon? You can’t guarantee me that I won’t. You said yourself that these cell in my body are waking up.”
“Yes, but that doesn’t make you a monster. The Valdi servants were said to possess the powers of their masters. If anything, all those genes would do is give you abilities similar to mine, that’s all. That wouldn’t be so bad, now would it?”
“How can you be sure?”
“I’m tracking everything that’s going on in that lab and then some. From the doctor’s research, he doesn’t believe you’ll develop any abilities at all. At the most he thinks it may extend your life just as the serum does the regular servants. I’m here and I’m not going anywhere, I’ll keep an eye on you myself and if anything happens we’ll get through it together. Don’t forget, we’ve used that same serum for thousands of years and have well documented its effects. You’ll be fine Calynn, I promise. No one’s ever grown a second head, well almost no one.”
She smacked him as hard as she could, but he had helped a little and she definitely needed it. Her life was spinning more and more out of control. First, she’s held hostage, put on the menu, knocked up, forced to play friendsies with a family of blood sucking creatures, engaged to… whatever Drakon was and now she’s turning into something that isn’t even human! What next? No forget that, she shouldn’t even be asking, it’ll only make things worse if she asks. 
Calynn wrapped her arms around herself, rubbing them subconsciously with her hands. In all the time she’d been in this crazy mess she had held it together. She hadn’t given in to the fear and panic welling in her, but she could feel that control slipping away. Then he was there, holding her close, comforting her. She could smell him, feel his warm skin, and hear his heart pounding in his chest and the tension eased. He’d get her through this, whatever was happening to her Drakon would protect her even from herself and she found she was relaxing into him until it all simply faded away.
“Come on I think we could use a night out, what do you think? You up for a little fun?”
“Do you think we could get away with it?”
“Oh I’m positive. You see my father has expressed his desire that I spend as much time with you openly as possible so that I may see your many charms and fall madly in love with you.”
That made her laugh, it was short and half-hearted, but it was a start.
“I’m not joking. He wants his now favorite son and his prize of a future daughter to both live happily ever after and has ordered that I sweep you off your feet for real. So you see, I’d only be following orders to disappear with you now. We can go anywhere we want, anytime we want. As long as we come back that is and I know this great place a little east of here where we can blend in, have some fun, and not think about anything. How does that sound?”
She would have run to him had she been any distance, throwing her arms around his neck as she had done the other times he’d carried her, “I’m all packed.”
He lifted her effortlessly and walked through the woods to the edge of the cliff then stood there continuing to hold her. They watched the sun disappear behind the trees in the west, then turned back to the edge and leapt. Drakon tore through the forest, nothing but a streak of color and a breeze to the animals around them then hit the shore line of the Atlantic and kept going. Calynn felt the salty sea air tousling her hair and smelled its unforgettable scent and wondered where he’d finally set her down this time. The last place she thought of was the dark alley paved in old brick that they ended up in. The smell from the dumpster beside them was less than appealing, a mix of rotting food and urine and the muffled, but still loud sound of music made her question her decision.
“Well, this is…”
“Horrible I know, but we can’t just appear out in the middle of the street or on the sidewalk. Often we have to make our entrance in a less desirable place. Of course, if this place catered to a clan clientele it wouldn’t matter in the least. Many establishments that are run by our own kind have special entrances set up for incoming guests, but since you’re still our specially guarded secret I thought it safer to avoid such places. Plus, they aren’t the safest places for humans at times and you don’t want to see what many of them do for entertainment.”
“No doubt. The alley is just fine. Where are we anyway?”
He took her hand and led her out of the alley and around to the front, “A club in the heart of London specializing in certain eras of music. More specifically the music between the nineteen-thirties and early nineteen-sixties. I thought with your appreciation for classic movies you may have an affinity for the music as well.”
The smile would have been obvious in pitch black. She’d either mentioned it before, been humming one of her favorite old tunes, he’d read her mind (which she still wasn’t completely convinced he couldn’t do), or he was one amazing guesser.
“I pay attention Calynn, I don’t have the ability to read minds.”
“Then how’d you know what I was thinking just then?”
“Because it was written all over your face.”
Calynn scrunched up her nose and stuck out her tongue, her trademark move. Then grabbed him by the hand and practically dragged him inside. It was like stepping back in time, with grand sweeping burgundy velvet draperies, hat check attendants, cigarette girls, live band and a large board proclaiming that tonight featured a mix of the different genres. Perfect, but she made a mental note to make him bring her back on Dixieland Jazz night. She was so excited she was practically bouncing on the balls of her feet and barely felt Drakon’s hands slip over her shoulders.
“Calm down, we have all night and before you get any ideas we’re going to sit down and eat first.”
“Party pooper.”
This time he stuck his tongue out at her just in time for the girl in the classic hostess costume to see him and smile.
“Two?”
“Yes, a booth on the platform please. We’ll be having dinner as well.”
“This way please.”
The crowd was filled with people in costumes. From flapper girls and mobsters, to cigarette servers, zoot suits, poodle skirts, and world war two uniforms. It was like walking through classic Hollywood and she was itching to jump in head first, but Drakon was determined that she eat and though it put a damper on things she had to admit he was right. It was then she noticed him tipping… well everyone, and tipping them big and he didn’t hesitate to slap down his card without even looking at the bill. She tried not to think about it, after all it was none of her business. She knew the family was rich and with as old as they were had plenty of years to accumulate their wealth, but her curiosity and forward personality overrode her sense of discretion.
“Not to be indelicate but, how will this money thing work once we’re married? Is it family money, your fathers or are you independently wealthy?”
“All of the above.”
“Well that clears things up. Thank you sooo much.”
Drakon chuckled, “Worried about the community property my dear?”
She playfully stabbed at him with her fork and scrunched up her face.
“In truth, it’s a bit complicated. First of all, this applies only to the leaders of the major clans. Most of our kind have to work and live among the humans making a living just as anyone else, naturally if they’re wise about it with their longevity they can make a decent life for themselves. As for those of us in the upper ranks, at least in our family, we primarily benefit from our inheritance. Since our lives are extended so long each of the children are born with a share of the inheritance already and it is quite massive at this point. We also get regular allowances based on our birth order and how we handle what we already have. At first we usually go a bit wild buying everything in sight like Maximilien and his vehicles. Father handles his money very well and is one of the richest men in the world if not the richest, though no one would ever know it. It’s important to break up the money into less noticeable amounts. It’s vital we stay under the radar in this. It’s alright to be wealthy, it’s not alright for any one person to have the wealth we have without causing too many to be watching your every move and as you know we can’t have that. Needless to say, our allowances are quite large, at least mine is and now that we’re getting married that amount will undoubtedly increase. 
Without question though, I don’t rely solely on the income from the family. Like most of my siblings I’ve made my own investments and have for many decades been acquiring my own wealth independent of not only his financial contributions, but also of his knowledge. In short, I have more money than we’ll ever be able to spend living in excess and my father doesn’t even know about it. Add to that what he does know about and you can see money is not of my concern and hasn’t been for some time. When we disappear, I have enough wealth hidden and available to us that my father would never be tipped off by us having to use funds he’s aware of and is no doubt monitoring. I guess I’ve been preparing for this for a long time and never knew it. I was just waiting for you to come along.”
“Oh.”
“Oh? I tell you that I’m one of the richest men in the entire world and you’re about to marry me and all you can say is oh?” His playful smirk lit his eyes.
“I just never thought about it like that is all. I mean I knew your family was well off and from what your sisters have told me I knew that you each have your own life outside of the house, but I haven’t been thinking about money these past few months. Can you blame me? Hey, at least you know I’m not after you for your bank account.”
“That’s a relief and here I thought I was nothing more than a blank check.”
“Just for that I order you to dance with me.”
“As you wish.” And he stood up holding out his hand and bowed before her.
Calynn’s heart skipped a beat. She never thought she’d hear those words uttered outside of a movie screen. They danced until she was nearly asleep in his arms. Slow songs, fast songs, it didn’t matter she wouldn’t leave his embrace and he wasn’t about to make her. Calynn was right where she wanted to be, dreamt of being, always wanted to be and a large part of her wanted to beg him never to go back, but she knew that wasn’t possible. Eventually they would have to go back, but she’d hold out, swaying in rhythm pressed against Drakon for as long as she could stand. 
Her head was laying on his chest along with her hand that was enveloped in his. The beat of the songs fading into the background replaced with the beating of his heart. His warmth seeping into her felt like being wrapped in a soft blanket lulling her into a contented, blissful sleep and his heated breath tickled her ear when he whispered.
“Okay Cinderella, your coach is about to turn back into a pumpkin. It’s time to go.”
“Five more minutes?”
“That didn’t work last time and it won’t this go around either. You need your rest Calynn. I’m responsible for you now, even more than before and it’s my job to look out for you. Now no more arguing.”
“Party pooper.” It came out mumbled but he chuckled all the same. She fell asleep completely on the trip back, but as he laid her on the bed tucking her in she woke and grabbed ahold of his arm. He’d noticed her stirring on the way back and thought the cold night air was bothering her. Now he understood what had been happening the entire time, she’d been having a nightmare. Her eyes pleaded with him as she held on, those eyes he could never deny completely. Those eyes that held him then as they had the night he’d first seen her.
“Don’t leave, stay with me tonight. Please.” He kissed her forehead and undressed slipping in beside her, but he didn’t sleep. His mind was working, planning, deciding his fate.
Chapter Twenty-Six
“Good morning Fred.” She drew closer to him amazed at how comfortable and secure she felt when he was in her bed.
“Fred?” He looked down at her, his eyebrows raised in curiosity and surprise. “You need to go back to sleep and wake up gain, I think you’re still dreaming.”
“Okay then, good morning Mr. Astaire.”
“Much better.”
“He’s an entertainer from…”
“Calynn, I may not know much about the cinema, but believe me when I say I know who Fred Astaire is.”
“Do I even want to know?”
“Probably not.” He brushed her hair lightly and traced her jaw. He was going to burn.
“Where’s Millie? Usually she’s here with my breakfast by now urging me to stay healthy.”
“I told her not to bother you this morning. That you needed your sleep and if we needed her we’d call. You’re my responsibility now remember.”
“Oh yeah, that’s right.” Calynn drew her finger over his chest unaware of the affect her very touch had on him. “Do they all know now?”
He put his finger to his lips and she nodded. “Most of them. I believe he intended to tell the family this morning.”
“You don’t think they’ll hate it too much do you? I mean, I’m only a human and I know in their eyes I’m far from deserving you. I’d hate to think that I’ve caused a family rift with my request for siring rights.”
“Having second thoughts are we?”
“No! No never, I meant what I said Drakon. I can’t do this without you.”
“And you don’t have to. I wouldn’t worry about my siblings, it was their idea after all.”
“Not all of them.”
“No not all of them, but they also will not defy my father’s decision.”
“What about your mother? I haven’t even met her yet and I’ve laid claim to her second oldest son.”
“Bold, but I think she’ll respect that. Anyways you can ask her at dinner tonight.”
“Oh no I forgot. That’s tonight? Are you sure?” She tensed in his arms.
“Hey, where’s that tough girl that could face anything I fell for?”
“Life is a whole lot longer than death Drakon.”
“True, but you have me now and nothing else matters. Not really. Not my siblings, not my mother or even my father. All that matters is in this bed right now.”
She wasn’t thinking, her brain had taken a back seat to everything else as she closed the gap and kissed him. His surprise was momentary and his reaction instant. He leaned into her, pressing her back onto the mattress, completely engulfed in her kiss. Part of him screamed to stop, but the rest cried out for more, to indulge in what he’d been fighting against for so long. To let go and give himself up to her. Their kissing grew hungry and their breaths deepened as their pulses quickened, each one’s body calling out to the other until they were nearly gasping for air. Drakon pulled back just enough to catch their breaths, touching his forehead to hers, his eyes closed as he tried to regain control. They were on the precipice and both could feel it.
“I could stay here all day and believe me I really want to, but I spent the morning before you woke up preparing a surprise and I’d hate for all my work to be in vain. So why don’t you take a shower and get dressed for a day out.”
“You could join me.” Did she just invite him into the shower with her? Why did she say that? She knew why. It was the same reason she couldn’t tell Millie that she loved him, even if it wasn’t for real.
He grinned and bit his lip before whispering, “Are you trying to tempt me, Calynn?”
“Part of me is.” She whispered back.
“Which part is that?”
“I’m pretty sure you already know the answer to that question.” She cleared her throat and pulled back. “I won’t be long. Will you be here when I get out?”
“I’m not going anywhere.”
She backed out of bed and nodded then headed for the bath. She could still feel the flush in her face and the race of her heartbeat. Maybe she ought to start with straight cold water.
Drakon watched her reflection in the mirror as she made her way out of the room. He tried not to, but her hold on him was too strong there was no denying it. Once he heard the shower running he got out of bed, pulled on some fresh clothes and sent orders to a servant waiting outside her apartment. Then he returned to the bedroom, leaned against her vanity and waited. Maybe he should pass the time in the sitting room, but that might send the wrong message to the servant, which would undoubtedly get back to his father. The water stopped running and soon the sound of the hair dryer ceased too. He’d expected to see her open the door dressed and ready to go, not standing in the open doorway with nothing but a towel bound tightly around her and it took every ounce of will power to stay where he was. 
Calynn heard a cracking noise like the sound of splintering wood, but ignored it. She’d forgotten to take any clothes into the bathroom with her and had to make her way into the closet in nothing but her towel. She hoped he wouldn’t get the wrong idea. She hadn’t meant to seduce him, at least not like this and the shy apologetic look she had on her face as she scurried for the closet hopefully explained that. Once out of sight she relaxed against the wall, what was she doing? This entire thing was crazy, but there was no denying the attraction to him. She’d had it before, long before the baby, the fake relationship, the engagement, and that attraction had actually saved her life, but what would he think about all this. It wasn’t fair to either one of them, she had to pull herself together. She dressed quickly in warm clothes, reminding herself over and over that this whole situation was a farce. That Drakon was saving her life and his, and she was putting that in danger by letting go of emotions and desires that she had no right to. When she emerged from the closet she was collected and ready to go.
“Is this alright?” She spun in a playful circle.
“Perfect. Ready?”
“As I’ll ever be. Wait that’s not what you were wearing last night, was it?”
“Leave it to a woman to notice what someone was wearing. Some things never change.”
“Oh, that is so not fair.”
“Well would you prefer that I only wear dirty clothes?”
“Do you want me to smack you again?”
“If it makes you feel better go ahead.”
“I swear Drakon if I didn’t lo…” She stumbled over her words, her eyes darting to the floor then around the room non-committaly.
“Didn’t what, Calynn?” Everything had gone serious in an instant. He wanted to drag those words out of her, but he didn’t move.
“Nothing. Shall we go?” She plastered a smile on her face, pretending nothing had happened.
Drakon pushed himself off the vanity and walked over to her taking her hand in his. “I have one more stop to make then we’ll be on our way.”
Calynn nodded and they made their way through the house to the kitchen where he effortlessly picked up a large covered wicker basket before heading out the back and into the woods. The sun was warm, yet the chill in the breeze announced that fall had settled in, but none of that mattered when they reached the bluff; the very one he’d taken her to, to watch the sunrise. The ground had been blanketed with quilts, throws, comforters and pillows, and unlit trays of candles of all shapes and sizes surrounded them. From nowhere the songs they had slow danced to only the night before began playing as Drakon sat the basket on one of the blankets, stepping so close behind her she could feel his breath in her hair. She felt his hands on her shoulders, strong and more than welcome and she leaned back into him. As he traced his hands down her arms Calynn found herself wishing she hadn’t chosen a sweater. Her decision to compartmentalize quickly wavering as he lowered his mouth to her ear, “How’d I do this time?”
“Wh… what?”
“My last picnic was less than impressive. How about this one?”
For a minute, she was absolutely speechless. All she could do was watch as he lit the candles, took off his shoes and stepped onto the comforters motioning for her to join him; she did. She had no idea what he had in mind, but she wasn’t scared or suspicious. Drakon pulled her against him and began to dance, swaying to the music as they had only hours earlier.
“I ‘borrowed’ one of Maximilien’s gadgets last night. He’ll never miss it, and I’d say we’re putting it to much better use. It’s much easier than dragging a phonograph out here with the longest extension cord in history.”
Calynn blushed and laughed as he led her into a spin that ended with a dip. When he pulled her back up he paused, his own smile gone as he cupped her head in his hand. The music faded into the background as the moment lengthened. It was time.
“If I knew the perfect thing to say just now I would, but it seems that every time I let you in my mind and mouth are at odds and all I manage is a string of chaotic sentences. I spent weeks, no if I’m honest I have to say that I’ve spent the last few months frantically building a wall that I should never had had a reason to build in the first place. From the day you set foot on this estate you’ve had a hold on me that try as I might I can’t break free from and now I find I don’t want to. You once told me that you weren’t looking for me to be a knight in shining armor to save you, but I should have. I was a coward for not taking you as far away from here as possible, but I won’t be that coward now. I will protect you and our child with every fiber of my being even until the end of me, because… because I love you Calynn. 
You’ve invaded my very soul and I can’t keep pretending anymore. I brought you here so that you’d know it was me saying this and not the playacting, before I said it where you’d wonder what I really meant. I’ve been so close to telling you these past few weeks, but it’s too important to leave any doubts about my sincerity. I don’t expect you to feel the same about me and I won’t impose upon you, other than to show you how much I truly want you in my life. If you chose to leave once we’re safe I’ll do my best to understand and to let you go, but I had to tell you before the wedding, before things grow more serious in front of the crowd. That my heart, my life, my very soul is yours forever.”
Tears had begun to run down Calynn’s cheeks and she found it hard to speak, but she had something to say, “Hypocrite.”
“What?”
“You heard me. Hypocrite. Wasn’t that what you called the characters in that movie we watched?”
“Maybe I’m just beginning to understand what the word love actually means.”
“And what’s that?”
“Putting someone else before yourself.”
“And what if she loves you too.”
Drakon tilted his head unsure what was happening.
“I didn’t stutter, what if she loves you too? What would you do then?”
He paused unable to look into her eyes and focused on the wisp of hair by her temple brushing it with his fingers, “I’d never let her go.” He finally gazed into her eyes. “I’d never let you go.” 
She leaned in to kiss him stopping centimeters from his lips, “Then never let me go Drakon.”
“Calynn are you saying…?”
“Shut up and kiss the woman who loves you.”
And he did. A kiss full of longing and passion, hope and desire. This kiss was real, not a moment of weakness or a show for his father. There were no misunderstandings, no lingering questions of what was genuine or just for the benefit of others. It was simply him, wrapped around the human that he had fallen hopelessly and helplessly in love with and he was trembling. Or was it her? He pulled back a tiny bit determined not to let her go, not yet anyway, and tried to focus. He hadn’t noticed the cold breeze funneling over the cliff and into their hideaway, but he felt it now and so must she because she was also shaking.
Chapter Twenty-Seven
“I’d love nothing more than to continue this right here and now, but I’m supposed to be looking after you and you catching pneumonia out here would be the opposite of taking care of you.”
“I’m not cold.”
“Then why are you shivering?”
“Why are you?”
“That’s just what you do to me, besides I don’t feel cold like you do.”
“I don’t think that’s because of the wind.”
“Oh really?”
“Yes really. I think between the two of us we can keep warm. I’m 98.6 and you’re what, at least that?”
“Something like that.”
“Then I think we have it covered. By the way speaking of differences, how old are you anyway?”
“Are you sure you want to know?”
“Pretty sure. Why, afraid to tell me?”
“Two hundred and fifty-two.”
“Two hundred and fifty-two!? That’s one huge age difference, I’m thirty-three Drakon.”
“Thirty-three huh? Wow, then I guess it’s high time that you start thinking about settling down. Might I suggest the charms of an older man?”
“I guess I could consider that. Thirty-four, thirty-five maybe? Do you think that’s old enough?”
“I was thinking somewhere more around two hundred and fifty-two to be exact.”
“Oh really?”
“Calynn…”
“Hmm?”
“Marry me, be my wife. Not for my father, not for our freedom, but for us. Because I love you far more than anything in life and I can’t image one second between us not being real.”
She knew the answer before he’d finished asking, but she never was one for a simple yes, “Does a ring go with that amazing proposal?”
“I figured you’d ask that. I did get you something, hold on.” Drakon walked to edge of a fallen tree and pulled a flat white shirt box tied with a red ribbon from its hiding spot and returned handing it to her. “This is for you.” Then he slipped his arms around her from behind resting his chin on her shoulder as he watched her slide off the ribbon and open the box.
This wasn’t what she expected, maybe he hid the ring somewhere inside the box or attached it to a rose like the one he’d send to her as a signal. That seemed more his style, but when she opened it she found… “Underwear?! You got me underwear?”
“Not just any underwear.”
“Wait, are these mine?”
“I went all the way back to the island to get those just like I promised and not only that. I learned how to use something called a washer dryer as well. So,” he let go so he could face her, a small smile on his lips. “You can hardly refuse a man willing to do laundry for you. Will you marry me Calynn, even without a ring?”
She didn’t know whether to laugh or cry or howl with delight. “Yes!” And she threw herself into his embrace, the box forgotten as it fell to the ground. All that mattered was the two of them as he kissed her again just as full and passionate as before. She was his, she may be in some eyes merely a human, but he was a monster and her beautiful soul chose to see the better part of him; a part he’d spend the rest of his existence fighting for. If not, he’d surely lose her. 
Suddenly fear ripped through him as that realization took root and he broke the kiss. His pulse spiked and he desperately held her next to him as if he could meld them together and keep her for all eternity. He was shaking again, but this time it was far more than a cold breeze or his own body’s desire for Calynn. Drakon was beginning to realize another painful aspect of falling in love. It was one thing to be unrequited, it was another thing all together to be lost and his kind did not take well to losing anything. How would she react to that side of him, that side he hadn’t the strength or the experience in self-control to overcome? In the end, he could be his own worst enemy, but not now. Now he would protect her and savor every moment they had together, every moment like this one.
“Drakon, is everything ok?”
“Calynn, as long as I have you my world is perfect.” He continued to hold her, content just to feel her against him. Here she was safe, here she was his, his delicate flower that he would guard with his life. “Come on, I had a huge picnic prepared for us and you didn’t have any breakfast.”
“And whose fault is that?”
“Guilty, a circumstance which I shall soon remedy. Now have a seat.” He unpacked their lunch as she seated herself on the blanket next to him. He was grateful for the distraction, being so close to her and knowing she was his for the taking was leading his mind as well as the rest of his body astray, but for that he wanted so much more than a few candles on the edge of a bluff. He’d only been with her once, but that memory was burned into his brain and his soul as if it was now a very part of his being. It was a moment of weakness and the greatest of his life, but he was determined that the next outshine it for both of them.
“What’s that look for?” He was up to something, she could see it.
“What look?”
“That look right there, like the cat that swallowed the canary and was reflecting on how good it was.”
“I guess I was in a way. I was thinking about us.”
“Something specific or just in general?”
“A bit of both actually.”
“Uh huh, could you be any more cryptic Drakon?”
“Yes.”
“Drakon!”
“What?”
“You infuriate me.” She leaned in and kissed him, “And I love you for it.” She leaned in for another and another.
“We’d better stop this or our lunch will get cold.”
“Who cares as long as you don’t.”
He groaned between kisses, her mouth was so inviting. She wasn’t making this easy. “You’re not making this easy you know?”
“I thought I was.”
“I’m trying to be a gentleman.”
“Who asked you to?”
“I did.” He pulled back brushing her cheek with his fingers, “You mean so much more to me than that, Calynn. Don’t get me wrong I want you so bad it hurts and a part of me, a large part wants nothing more than to shove every bit of food off this quilt and indulge in every part of you, but I want more than a brief moment on a hill with you. I don’t want to interrupt our time together with having to get dressed and trek back to a house full of eavesdroppers. I want to be able to lie next to you and hold you all night long. To watch the first rays of light shine on your skin, and know that I can stay with you in that bed for as long as we can stand each other.”
“Deal, but when that time comes.” She grabbed his shirt color with each hand and drew him into another hard kiss, “You’d better be ready, because I’m not letting go of you for a long, long time.”
“Count on it, my lady.” He breathed heavily, “But until that time maybe you could keep the temptation down a bit before I am forced to plunge into the nearest body of freezing water.”
Calynn cracked up at the thought, “I can’t make any promises, but I’ll try.” She said, making a show of backing away, sitting respectfully on her spot on the blanket.
“That’s all I ask. Now eat, you need to keep up your strength. You’re eating for two remember.”
“Yeah yeah, I know I know. I thought we were having a big dinner with your parents later?”
“That won’t be until nine tonight. Our schedules tend to differ from normal convention for obvious reasons and you need something now. Besides I can hear your stomach growling.”
“That’s your fault. It was perfectly happy being distracted by ‘other things’, then you had to put on the brakes and mention food at the same time.”
“Doesn’t matter whose fault it is the answer is before you, now eat. Or do you want my beautiful picnic in your honor to be ruined?”
“Oh that’s low, Drakon.”
“Yes, but I’ve found over the years that particular technique is quite effective.”
She smiled and shook her head as she shoved a fork full of vegetables in her mouth. Then it got quiet, not the good kind of quiet where there’s contentment in the air, but the brooding kind. The kind that meant something wasn’t quite right and things were about to get uncomfortable.
“Calynn? Do you resent… the pregnancy? I mean do you regret that you’re having our child?”
“What? No. Why would you ask that?”
“It’s the reaction you had to my urging you to eat. There seems to be something underlying it that made me wonder.”
Calynn stared into her plate trying to sort out her feelings and her answer. “Drakon, I… I don’t know, truthfully. I haven’t thought much about it or at least I’ve tried not to. Ever since I found out that I was pregnant I’ve been so focused on just surviving there hasn’t been much room for anything else. Not to mention that before you confirmed it the other day I didn’t know who the father was and that thought was terrifying. 
Since then we’ve gotten engaged, I had to face your father, we took off for London and then got engaged again. With everything that’s been going on, until it settles down or I start knocking things over when I walk by I probably won’t be thinking about the baby much. I know that must sound harsh, but right now I feel pretty good physically. Other than being tired and few other little things, I feel fine so usually until someone brings it up I don’t think about it much.” Quiet, not even the creatures of nature seemed to be willing to speak up. 
“Having a baby wasn’t in my short-term plans, long term yes, but it wasn’t something I was looking for anytime soon. I wasn’t even seriously dating anyone before all this. Had this been a normal relationship it would probably be the first thing on my mind when I woke up and the last thing before I went to bed, but things aren’t normal and I doubt they ever will be again. You have to give me time to adjust.”
He nodded and looked down at his own plate. He didn’t know what to expect or even what he wanted from her. Maybe he wanted this more than he realized.
“I do know one thing Drakon, I wouldn’t want this child to be anyone’s but yours.”
Silence. She continued to pick at her food, taking small bites of rice and chicken. “What about you?”
“Me?”
“Yeah, would you even be marrying me if I wasn’t pregnant? If this baby had been one of your brothers’ would you have even bothered to help me let alone ask me to marry you?”
He couldn’t look at her. What would have happened if he had gone to her room that night and found that the child wasn’t his? What would he have done? His father was already determined by then that he would take her as a wife. That wouldn’t have changed. Would he have admitted his affair with her, to anyone? He considered all the scenarios, all the possibilities of where things might have gone, but every time he came to one conclusion. 
“I’d be right were I’d want to be, right here, right now with you. Offering my hand, my life, my soul to you for as long as my life lasts because the truth is my heart has been yours since that first day. I love you Calynn, and nothing can or could have changed that. Not the child, not my brothers, nothing.” He’d leaned forward taking her chin in his hand and stared straight into her eyes that were brimming with tears. “Every part of me is yours.” His fingers trailed down the front of her neck to the dip in her clavicle where her sweater started. “Every part. Understand?”
She smiled, sighed, and nodded, dipping her head to rest on his hand. “You’d better knock that off before we both have to take that swim.”
He dropped his head and smiled, keeping his distance was going to be harder than he’d anticipated, “Can’t help it. I’m drawn to you.”
“Remember that when you’re taking your last lap in the pool.”
“Wouldn’t work, it’s heated. What happened to my willing partner in crime?”
“You corrupted her with your romantic intentions. That’s what you get for being so charming. You’ve managed to charm the pants right back on me. It’s your own fault.”
“So it is.” The tension was broken, at least the worry tension anyway and the two returned to their lunch. Giving each other knowing glances and playful, sometimes lustful smiles. They finished their meal and he packed away the dishes, then they stretched out on the pillows and blankets and listened to the songs of Ella, Sinatra, and Nat, satisfied just to be near each other.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
“Calynn, I wish to apologize, for earlier.”
“For what?”
“For questioning you about the baby. Now that I’ve had time to reflect on it I realize that with all my planning, research, spying and role playing, I haven’t thought much about the child either. It’s only since being given the entire responsibility for your welfare that I’ve begun to include it into my thoughts. We’re more alike than I think you realize, marriage, children, none of that was in any of my long-term plans let alone short term. I was being groomed as adviser to the head of the House of Drake, first to my father then to Rais. My intentions were to do my duty by the family and spend as little time in their presence as possible, but now, having you here and knowing that my life doesn’t have to be filled with darkness and duty I find an excitement that I haven’t felt for over a century. 
Next to you, this child, our child is the best thing that’s ever happened in my life and I could never regret or resent a second of it. It will have an amazing mother and I’ll fight every day to be the husband and father you both deserve. It’s okay if you haven’t thought on it much. You were right. You need time to adjust and there’ll be plenty of time after the wedding, when we’re preparing the nursery, to go crazy and I’ll be right there to hold you close and calm your fears.”
“Are you trying to make me cry, because you’re doing a very good job of it? How is it you always know just what to say?”
“I’ve been around a while. Comes with the territory.”
“Not always. Your brothers could use some of that wisdom.”
“My brothers could use a lot of things.”
She shivered, “Do they all know now, about us?”
“Probably, all but Rais that is. My father feels that he should be left to concentrate on his duties to the family for now and not informed until closer to the date of the ceremony.”
“In other words, keep him in the dark so he can’t interfere.”
“Exactly.”
“Now, how does this whole wedding ceremony thing work; for your kind anyway?”
“That’s a good question, I’m not entirely sure about all the particulars. I have only been to one celebration and that was well over a hundred years ago. Given our extended marrying age it doesn’t come up that often and it differs for those of the larger houses. Being an heir of the House of Drake will change things and there are things that will have to be addressed because of our… unique situation.”
“In English Drakon. I’m not two hundred years old.”
“My apologies, the actual ceremony will be conducted by my father since he is the head of the family and the house. Anytime someone in the House of Drake that is of rank is joined he is the one to officiate. Him or Rais now that he’s beginning to take over some of the duties of the clan head. Only those of our house will be there since it’s considered a privileged and sacred event, afterwards there is a large celebration where we’ll be presented by my father to the invited guests. It’s very similar in some ways to your reception event held after the ceremony, only…”
“Only what?”
“For our kind it can be far more sinister. To put it as succinctly and delicately as I can, part of our tradition is to offer a sacrifice.”
“A human sacrifice?”
He nodded, “Mostly it’s another way to justify more slayings. The larger the family the larger the sacrifice. I plan to speak to my father about this before dinner tonight. The last thing I want is for you to see a bunch of intoxicated, blood lust filled clansmen running around indulging in every kind of perversion you can imagine.”
“Will he stop the sacrifice?”
“No, that would be going too far. No one is supposed to know that you’re human. Refraining from the traditional nuptial blessing sacrifice would be too suspicious, but I have a plan that I believe will help. While I can’t stop them, I can adjust them.”
“What do you mean, ‘adjust them’?”
“To begin with I fully intend to be long gone with you to the villa in Switzerland before the party begins to turn lethal, something that I’m sure my father will side with me on. The sooner we can get you out of there the less time there’ll be for anyone to happen upon your humanity. Second, I’m petitioning him to only provide justice sacrifices.”
“Justice sacrifices? What’s that?”
“Since the early eighteen-hundreds it’s been a growing trend within the clans that, well to put it simply, some of us have grown to like humans. Some of us have grown to love them.” He smiled. “They’ve turned our race into a fairy tale, a scary bedtime story and of late a sort of dark romantic figure. Many of our kind has not only enjoyed it, but benefitted from it. There’s somewhat of a growing underground understanding within the clans when it comes to dealing with humans and our need of them. Naturally the elders stick with tradition and would probably disown their offspring for betraying it, but many of the lower ranks have developed more of a symbiotic relationship with humans. 
They’ve become so enamored with our culture, regardless of most of their ideas being based on pure fiction that they willingly donate blood. Obviously, there are those that just like to pretend they’re us and consume blood on their own, but we blend in so well it’s difficult to tell the real clans from the pretenders. There are also others who have taken the stance that since now we’re no longer being hunted as monsters that to kill is just a waste. It’s quite popular for our kind to work in the medical field and I can guarantee you one of us works in every blood bank and depository in the world. 
This is generally overlooked by the clan heads, but the ideal of justice sacrifices has recently been accepted by them. It started as a way to punish those humans that inflicted damage or committed crimes against the clans and anyone within their house including their servants. Using them as the sacrifice as their punishment, it soon extended to the servants’ families outside of the clans and as things go we sort of became a type of vigilante. There are so many dark souls out there that prey on human life, and yes, I realize how that sounds. It is very hypocritical, but not everyone of our kind has that extreme kind of bloodlust anymore. Many of our race now seek to protect human life and when the authorities are unable to deliver justice we step in. We have a need, they have a need and so there you go. One more criminal off the streets and one less innocent person is sacrificed.”
“Justice sacrifice.”
“Precisely.”
“And you think your father will go for that, being the head of a clan and all?”
“Normally no. If this was Rais’ wedding absolutely not, but this isn’t his ceremony it’s ours and there will be representatives from all of the clans in attendance. Some of which have a mind for leniency on the sacrifice traditions. I’ll simply put it to my father as a matter of your human sensibilities, your delicate condition, and political diplomacy. That should do it.”
“And all the… sacrifices, they’d be…”
“Men and women caught in the act of a vicious crime against another. Murderers, rapists, child molesters, drug pushers and the like. Is that acceptable?”
“Considering the alternative, yes.”
“I’m sorry Calynn. If I had complete control over this there would never be another hunt in this house again, but I can’t change this. I can’t even try.”
“I know, it’s okay. I mean it’s not okay; not by a long shot, but I understand. You’re doing everything you can and more and I appreciate it, but how are your parents planning on keeping everyone from finding out that I’m human. Can’t your kind tell us apart?”
“A mile away, but there are a few tricks. Physically we’re identical, well almost identical. The biggest indicator of a human presence is the smell.”
“What we stink or something?”
“On the contrary. We can smell your blood and since…”
“Oh I get it, we smell like a steak dinner.”
“You could put it like that.”
“Perfect, a room full of dozens of… what are you exactly anyway Drakon, your kind I mean?”
“We’re… different.”
“That’s obvious, and we’ve had this conversation before. Seriously what are you?”
“The name of our kind has been lost somewhere along the way, swallowed up by superstitions and human names for us. Names in every language, from every culture, from every corner of the world. None of them the right name though.”
“You mean like V...”
“Don’t say it, not that word please. It’s an insult.” He cut her off, every cell in his body bristling.
“Okay, but that’s what we’re talking about here isn’t it?”
“In the basest sense.” He rolled his shoulders, trying to release his tension. He didn’t want her feeling it was about her. She had every right to ask and be answered.
“And I’ll be in a room full of… your kind smelling like the afternoon buffet, very reassuring.”
He laughed, tension forgotten, “If you look at it that way yes, but like I said there are tricks.”
“Like what? I don’t think there’s enough deodorant or perfume in the world that’ll help me.”
“Now there you’re wrong, there are ways of masking the scent of a human. It’s turned into quite an inside joke of ours. Back in the earlier centuries humans had all sorts of theories on how to protect themselves from us. Most of them were completely ridiculous, but occasionally, they would hit on something that actually worked. For instance, certain flowers and plants that held particular chemical compounds could mask their scent and they could move about somewhat unnoticed by us, until they started wearing these flowers as charms to ward us off that is. That was a dead giveaway, wearing flowers on their lapels and such, but the idea caught on for fashion and now it’s a tradition to wear a boutonniere and carry a bouquet of flowers down the aisle.”
“I didn’t realize I would be getting a history lesson.” 
“You asked, now be quiet and learn my dear. It’s been incorporated within our own race to warn that humans are present at certain mixed events. Many well-known individuals of our kind, because of their popular status in the media, hold human ceremonies. The presence of certain flowers alert us to behave in the presence of mixed company. When you hear about a famous couple eloping to some hidden place for a private ceremony you can lay money that they’re not actually human after all. A little flower based perfume with rose oil, bouquets of carefully selected flowers with hidden oils and you won’t be noticed as anything other than the beautiful bride that you are. Not to mention that the room will be filled with human servants. Though yes, they do have a different odor due to the serums effect, any whiff of humanness can easily be explained by them.
So you see, you have nothing to worry about. Plus I’ll be with you the entire time right by your side. I won’t let go of you for an instant if that’s what it takes to make you feel comfortable. You add in your delicate condition as a reason to refrain from any of the night’s activities, giving us the perfect excuse to retire early and we’re out of there before you have a chance to rethink the whole idea of marrying me.”
“That won’t happen.” She shook her head.
“I don’t know, you’ve got that look on your face that says you’re thinking of bolting any second now.”
“Oh hush, I do not, well maybe, but not because of you. I’m just a little…”
“Scared?”
“You could say that. Do you blame me?”
“No, I don’t. I admire you.”
He scooted over beside her and drew her close as she laid her head on his chest.
“Will it be legal?”
He chuckled, “Absolutely, as legal and binding as if we’d gone to a church or a courthouse. Papers will still be filed and officially you’ll be my wife.”
“Mrs.…. What? I’m dead and you don’t have a last name, at least not one that I’m aware of.”
He loved her sense of humor, “I see your point. Normally you’d have a name like any other married person, but you’re right. With my status as the second son of the House of Drake things aren’t normal are they?”
“No and signing, Mrs. Calynn Second Son of the House of Drake is a bit much.”
“True, you’ll be Calynn Daughter of the House of Drake within the clan and my father’s house. In our home and on paper you’ll be Lady Calynn or Lady Calynn Drake and I’ll be Lord Drakon.”
“Yikes.”
“That’s what happens when you marry clan royalty.”
“Pompous much?”
“Maybe a little.”
“So, private ceremony, a reception, and flowers. Anything else I should know?”
“Only that you’ll have to fight Delphine over the design of your gown, but that’s not typical for all families.”
“Oh, so I get a gown too?”
“Oh yes, our kind and humans have ‘borrowed’ traditions from each other for as long as our history goes back. For instance… this.” Before she knew what was happening Drakon took her hand and slid a magnificent emerald ring on her finger.
“Drakon, it’s… it’s…!” She fumbled over her words.
“I can’t believe it, the mighty Calynn is speechless. You didn’t think I’d ask you to be my bride without a ring, did you?”
“Well I… wait, how did you know to bring this? I didn’t think you were planning to propose to me at all. You weren’t even going to stick around if I’d said the word.”
“I was… hoping. At the very least I wanted you to have a token of our match. My family would expect nothing less. Do you like it?”
“It’s perfect, I love it!” She beamed from ear to ear. Nothing looked as beautiful to her as that ring on her finger. Her ring. From her Drakon.
“It’s a two-carat emerald cut, emerald in a handcrafted platinum setting that was unearthed the day I was born from one of my father’s mines. Emerald stands for undying love and devotion, that’s why I chose it. A gem of exquisite beauty, representing the strength and fidelity of true love and a bond that can never be broken. 
When my parents were married my father had every precious stone and metal that was brought out of the ground collected, refined and turned into the most magnificent jewelry for my mother which he presented to her on their first anniversary. It was decided then that they would carry on the tradition with each of their offspring. The day each of us were born, once again everything of value that was mined was crafted into a treasury, held for each of us until the day we took a wife or husband in my sisters’ case. The day we reach our marrying age we are granted access to them for the express purpose of either the courtship of our intended or as the wedding jewels. That ring was created the day I was born and now it and every piece that goes with it is yours. I’d say that tradition would continue with our child, but we have no intention on sticking around to find out.”
“Drakon?” That was not the tone of a joyous woman.
“Yes.”
“I’ve been thinking about that. Is there really anyplace that we could go that he couldn’t eventually find us?”
“I don’t know, Calynn. I’d like to think so.”
“Wouldn’t we always be looking over our shoulders? Having to pick up and run at a moment’s notice?”
“Unfortunately yes, but we’d be prepared. There would always be a safe place for us to go. It wouldn’t be like having to throw things in a bag and run. I told you that I’d keep you safe and I will.”
“What kind of life would that be for us, for our child? Is it fair to do that to them?”
“What alternative do we have?”
“We could stay.”
“What are talking about?”
“In Switzerland. Live our lives, raise our children the way we want. Do our best to make a difference for your kind and humans alike. If we run now, we’ll be running for the rest of our lives. I don’t think I want to spend what time I have with you always worried it will come to a horrible end at the hand of your father or one of his minions. I want to fight back. What do you think? Do you think I’m crazy for thinking that way?”
He held her tighter. “No, I don’t. That’s the same fire that made me fall in love with you. That same determination to stand even if it was in some small way and I’ll stand right beside you. No more running.”
Chapter Twenty-Nine
She was quiet for a time before making up her mind, “Drakon, promise me something.”
“Anything.”
“Promise me that you’ll raise our children to appreciate human life. To be like you.”
“What happened to us raising them together?”
“Let’s face it. I won’t live to see any of them even get married, there is so much that they have to learn and be prepared for. Their lives will be so different from even yours and I won’t be around to see the majority of it. They could have abilities that could bring down every clan; that much power can create something wonderful or something horrible and it will take every bit of both of us to make sure they choose life and not darkness.”
Their fingers intertwined as they gazed at each other. This was a solemn promise, something that he would be bound to for all eternity and he was more than willing to make it without a hint of hesitation. “I promise. No one in our house will ever take a human life. Other than in the defense of our home and family and that means me too, but I fully intend to have you by my side for the duration so don’t go leaving me yet.”
“Drakon I’m still only human.”
“Human with the genes of the Valdi. Even the doctor’s research, which I have been carefully monitoring, shows indicators that your life span should be comparable to mine.”
“Should Drakon, we don’t know that. We don’t know anything.”
“No we don’t, but we sure don’t know that you’re going to die like some ordinary human either. I won’t allow that even if I have to start giving you the serum myself.”
“What?”
“The serum. It would extend your life for hundreds of years.”
“But what about my free will and all that?”
“The serum doesn’t affect free will or anything like it and if that’s what Millie’s been feeding you then I think I need to have a serious talk with her. It only extends health and life while you’re taking it. If you stop, your ailments will return and your death will proceed at the pace your body was meant to. If you happen to be a few hundred years old when you cease taking it death will happen within hours as the human body cannot sustain itself at that advanced age, but there is no super power that has a hold on your mind or anything else. 
What keeps the servants in line is the fear of or loyalty to my father and the fear of death, that’s all. Most of them come from ages past and their own superstitions are so ingrained in their minds that they believe us to be more than we are. Granted we take full advantage of that, but beyond that any imprisonment they feel is of their own making. No one from this house was ever forced into service. They chose it or the life that their own choices and physical bodies chose for them, but I wouldn’t force you Calynn. I’d never force you.”
“Okay then, it’s good to know that you’ve got a back-up plan.”
“Then you’d consider it?” His body tensed and his breath stilled in hopefulness.
“I don’t want to leave you either. If you can choose a life where you no longer take it from a human to retain your power then I can choose one where I spend it with you. It won’t be too hard for you will it, not… you know?”
“I never wanted to in the first place. Once I’m the head of my own home and family I no longer have to. Not to mention that with you as my bride I have the perfect excuse to find alternative measures and with my connections that won’t be an issue I can promise you that. Wait, have I been hearing you correctly Calynn? You’ve been saying children, as in more than this one?”
“I think we both have and why not? If you don’t mind that is. I may not have been thinking much about being pregnant right now, but as long as everything is alright with this one I don’t see why not. We have so many years ahead of us, it’s not like we couldn’t afford it, but I don’t want to put any pressure on you or anything. It’s just a possibility, anyways I don’t think your father would take it too well if we didn’t at least try.”
“Good. I need something to do with all this time I’m going to have on my hands once things quiet down and chasing a room full of your beautiful children around the villa sounds like just the thing. Besides, if they take after my side of the family they won’t be sleeping for days on end and I don’t think you’re up for that.”
“Days!”
“Yes, sleep is necessary, just not like it is for you. We can go days without it and toddlers… well, once their adrenaline gets going there may be times when getting them down for a nap is a week-long process.”
“Please tell me you’re joking.”
“Wish I could. Here we were looked after by our servants and they could change shifts after a couple of days. I think you’re more the hands-on kind of woman, so having someone that can stay up with them will come in handy.”
“Anything else I should know?”
“Probably, but I don’t know if I should tell you.”
“Wait, Drakon, do you have fangs?” She was partially joking and more than a bit curious.
“What?”
“Don’t ‘what’ me you know exactly what I’m talking about. Fangs.” She pulled back to face him, wiggling two fingers in front of her mouth for emphasis.
“Calynn…”
“Come on Drakon, I can understand you being uncomfortable with those differences between us, but if our child ends up with them or anything else don’t you think I should know about it so that I don’t freak out. You said yourself that there are a lot of misconceptions out there about you and I don’t want to start having dreams about our kid turning into a bat or something.”
“Now that’s just ridiculous.” He nearly snorted in derision.
“Exactly! So help me out a little here, do you change somehow or have fangs or whatever?”
He turned his head away. It was true, he’d never shown his other form to her. She’d seen his brothers’, but thankfully she had no recollection of it. He had worn his beast side like a badge of honor, but since falling for Calynn he wasn’t so proud of it. It only served to remind him, more now than ever, that he was a monster to be feared and hated. How could he let her see that part of him, that part that like Shakespeare said, ‘if I had it written I would tear the word’.
Her tone changed to one of compassion, “Drakon please, don’t leave me in the dark. Not about this, I’m going to find out one of these days, there’s no avoiding it. I’d like to know now, no judgements, no smart comments. Why is it so difficult for you to talk about this? You’ve lived with it for over two hundred years, it’s who you are.”
“But it’s not who I want to be anymore. That part of me is horrible. There’s a reason the humans feared us and it’s not just because of what we did to them. The very sight of us was enough to send terror throughout the country; to insight panic, mobs, and the murders of thousands of innocent people because they were rumored to be one of us. It’s a constant reminder to me that I’m so far removed from your beauty that it hurts. It’s my beast side and I would give anything to spare you from it.” He stared off into the distance still turned from her as if to save her from himself, from that part he now hated.
“Trust me Drakon, I’m not asking you to show me. Just help me to understand, please.”
He inhaled deeply and nodded, no longer hiding from her. She had a point, and as the mother of his child she not only deserved, but needed to know and now was as good a time as any, “Yes, there are changes and yes I, we have fangs. Sharp ones that allow us to instantly tear through skin, muscle, and even bone.”
She stayed quiet and calm waiting for him to continue.
“It’s not like in the cinema. We can’t change into other animals or become mist or shadow. Our changes are quite a bit subtler than that, to enhance our hunting ability. Our fingers stretch and the nails become more durable; more weapon like. The nose flattens and slits appear on the sides for tracking odors, sometimes weeks old. The eyes dilate and a clear protective film, like a second eyelid develops that can focus not only light in a more balanced way so that we can see in pure darkness, but can detect heat signatures as well. Once the ability is developed that is. Our ears lengthen and curve to detect the slightest movement, even breathing and heartbeats from great distances. It’s nothing too grand, but it’s enough to set us apart as demons, as monsters. In essence, we become nature’s most dangerous and developed predator; the apex predator.”
“And this happens to all of you?”
“My abilities are stronger than most. I’ve spent so much of my time honing them in the wild, hunting animals, and are fairly rare among our kind. They are held mainly by the elder generations and those with a heart for bloodlust and war. That’s why you find so many of our kind in the military. It’s the perfect hiding place for us. Disappear in the night, take out the enemy and be back before anyone notices you were gone. An ideal way to legally hunt mankind.”
“Does it only happen when you hunt?”
“No, we have the ability to change at will. It also happens during battle, when we get extremely angry and so on and it’s not pretty. Nothing I ever want you to see. Especially of me.”
“Why didn’t I see it when you were chasing me? I’m pretty sure I remember everything up until I was knocked unconscious,” she rubbed the back of her head, “but I don’t remember seeing anything in any of you like you that.”
Drakon gently caressed the spot she had only seconds before, “Ivan, I’m so sorry about that.”
“At least it wasn’t you.”
“I’d never be able to forgive myself if it had been.” And he kissed her forehead. “To be honest you should have, but you took us by surprise. No one has ever had the forethought to run before. The only ones that we’ve had to retrieve over the years were during the purification process and that’s only because they were allowed to escape for just that purpose. Father thought it would sharpen our skills. I’m ashamed to say that many times it was a family event.
You nearly escaped our grasp and with it not yet having reached nightfall we were at a slight disadvantage. Then you stopped dead still, facing us down. Something that was, once again, entirely new to us. We never had a chance to change, believe me if Rais or Ivan had been in their right minds you would have seen much more than you’d bargained for. Or even me.” He looked away from her. “You would have seen my form then and that would haunt me for eternity.”
“And I’ll never ask you to. Okay?”
He nodded, some things he wasn’t ready to share and he didn’t know if he ever would be. “Thank you; for understanding.”
“Well I don’t know about that. The first time you leave the toilet seat up you’re likely to see a side of me that you don’t like so well.”
“Not a problem.”
“And why is that?”
“Because the villa has separate his and her bathrooms.”
She smacked him, “What about the rest of the house?”
“Doesn’t matter if I only use mine.” They settled into their comfortable silence, happy to lay side by side linking their fingers together with light touches. Drakon was amazed that something so innocent could be so sensual. The soft touch of her skin gliding across his, the bend of her fingers, the warmth of her hand. He found it to be just as enticing as seeing her in the towel and he searched for another distraction.
“Do you miss your life much?”
“Sometimes. This whole thing, these past few months have felt like some sort of crazy, horrifying adventure. I expect any day now to wake up and find that it’s all been some very weird, very vivid dream. I don’t think that I really have time to miss it much just now.”
“And later?”
“Hard to say. I think those big moments may be the worst. When we get married, the birth our child, things like that that I’m supposed to be able to share with my family. I think those would be the things that I’ll miss the most. I imagine that one day, when we’ve been married a hundred years I’ll look back on my life before all this, before you and think that was the dream.”
“What about your career?”
“I can’t say it was much of a career, but I did love my work. I was a veterinarian assistant at the animal hospital on Clark St., animals have always held a soft spot with me. I tend to like them more than I do most people. I guess that’s why your demon dog picked me, he just knew I was an easy target for a furry face.” She grumbled the last part.
“Devilicus.”
“What?”
“His name is Devilicus.”
“Whatever, demon dog works fine for me. He’s always watching me; following me around every time I step foot outside.”
“He’s probably under orders to protect you.”
“You mean keep me from escaping.”
“At first, probably, but that’s hardly an issue now is it?”
“Well it’s creepy. Can’t you tell him to knock it off?”
“I would in a heartbeat, but he’s under orders from my father and he won’t disobey a direct command from his master. I’m afraid that’s one thing you’ll have to accept, but he won’t harm you. He’s there to keep you safe. You’re too important to all of us to trust to any old guard dog.”
“What is he and his friends anyway?”
“Familiars.”
“Like witch’s?”
“In folklore. It’s actually more of a chameleon type of camouflage. They can mimic other breeds of canines of similar mass. It gave rise to the belief in animals that could change into anything. We breed them specifically for the clans though there are other wild ones out there walking round as Labradors, Great Danes, and other large breeds. They develop a kind of mental link with their masters giving us an edge with controlling them, but I don’t think it was your love of animals that drew him to you.”
“Why did he come after me then? Fate?”
“Maybe, but I was thinking more along the lines of your blood. Familiars could sense our kind even before we do. Their senses are even stronger in that respect. I believe he was able to pick up on your genes even before they were triggered. He brought you to us because he believed you were one of us, at least on some level and he thought that you belonged here.”
“Maybe I do.”
“No you don’t. Not here, not with them.”
“No, but I do belong with you.”
“Always.”
She twisted her shiny new ring around her finger. “Do you think they miss me, my family?”
“Without a doubt and they’ll think of you every day with all the love in their hearts. I’m sorry they can’t be a part of the things that matter most to you.”
“Me too, but at least they’re not left wondering. Thank you for that.”
“I only wish I could do more.” He furrowed his brow in thought. “Your youngest sister wants to go to NYU next year I believe, but the tuition is too much. I’ll think I’ll create a scholarship and make her the recipient. She’s more than qualified. I can even make sure she’s accepted.”
“Really?”
“Cambridge, Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Oxford, Dartmouth, you name it and she’ll have a spot ready and waiting for her.”
“Wait, how’d you know about my sister?”
“Because I made it my business to know everything that I could about you and what’s important to you.”
“That’s either one of the sweetest things I’ve ever heard or the creepiest. I can’t decide which.”
“Let’s just call it the sweetest and go from there.”
“Alright, but only because you have such an amazing track record with the romantic gestures. That won’t change, will it?” She sat up to look at him. “I won’t wake up the day after we say, ‘I do’ and find that I’m married to someone else entirely? That happened to my friend Claire. She thought she had the perfect guy and then once the honeymoon was over he stopped trying. They both did and not two years later they were divorced. That’s one of the reasons I wasn’t in a rush to take that step. Right now you’re trying, making an effort to make me happy, but what happens when you no longer have to? I’ll be stuck in Switzerland with no way out and…” She was practically yelling.
“Calynn, calm down, take a breath. Where is all this coming from?” He pressed his palm to her cheek, trying to ease her.
“I don’t know? I think it just hit me all of a sudden. It’s not like with my friend. I can’t drive to a lawyer’s office if things don’t work out, then go on with life. There isn’t even the option of divorce. I can never be free if you… if we…”
“You knew that already.”
“I know, but… that was before, before I wanted it to work so badly. Before I wanted you.”
Drakon beamed wide and proud.
“Why are you smiling, I’m panicking here and you’re smiling?”
“Because you’re not scared of being married, you’re scared, really scared of losing me aren’t you?”
“And what if I am? That makes you happy?”
“No, your pain is never pleasing to me, but I can see in it how much you love me and that does make me smile.”
“I told you I loved you.” She huffed.
“Maybe I just have a difficult time believing that you could truly love me. What I am, what my family is, especially after all they’ve done to you. It keeps preying on my mind that you’ll wake up one day and realize that and pull away from me forever. It was one way I was able to keep my distance from you as long as I did. If you’d never loved me that would be one thing, but to lose you… I don’t know if I can handle that. It’s not in our nature.” Suddenly they both broke out laughing and settled back into each other’s arms. After a while, when the panic and emotions had subsided Drakon kissed her forehead and gently stroked her arm.
“It doesn’t work like that.”
“What doesn’t?”
“Marriage, at least not for us. You’re looking at it from the human idea, but what’s between us is different, will be different. There’s no divorce for our kind Calynn. That’s another reason for the age requirement for matrimony and why so few marriages occur within the clans.
Most of them are more like political contracts, bargains between families. If the marriage is broken then so is the contract and that could result in dangerous consequences, including war. It’s not entered into lightly and many are required to conceive as soon as they are joined to further solidify that contract. Within the lower ranks of our kind there is more freedom to choose for emotional attachment, but even those matches must be approved by the councils. Once my father binds us it’s forever.”
“That’s what scared me.”
“This is me Calynn, if you remember correctly I wasn’t even trying to attach you. That was a fortunate happenstance that I will be grateful for, for all eternity. I have more reason to fear your loss than you have mine. If you were to leave I would be forever bound by love to a woman I could never have. Our race doesn’t love often, our attachments are more about lust, convenience, power and so on. When we love it consumes us, maybe that’s why we avoid it so much. Love means giving yourself over to the whims and desires of another and for a race that is predicated on control, that’s a foreign and dangerous concept.”
“Didn’t your father want you to fall in love with me after finding out about my heritage?”
“His idea of love is satisfaction in the match, not the willingness to sacrifice one’s own existence. Even the bond of parent and child has its limits with us. He was willing to sacrifice my future, my life to acquire you and the offspring you could provide the clan.”
“I’m so sorry Drakon. I never realized, I mean I knew, but I never really thought about it that way. I guess in that way humans have an advantage over you.”
“Yes, I’d say they do. Had they not become obsessed with the concept of always being happy and indulging in all of their own selfish desires, more marriages would flourish and families would be whole. I’m afraid that is a concept they have learned from us. In the beginning it’s all about the other person, but somewhere along the way they start caring more about what they want and what the other person should be doing to keep them satisfied and happy. That is too much to put on anyone. Happiness is impossible to obtain at all times. It would over time become stagnant and boredom would soon set in leaving the person to wander once again in search of some other type or source of pleasure.”
“Kind of like ice cream. The first so many bites are delicious but if you eat too much by the end your mouth is frozen and you can barely taste it. Then you have to find something else.”
“Not to mention the headache and a very unpleasant stomach.”
“Yeah, some relationships can make you kind of sick can’t they?”
“But not this one.”
“No, not his one. Does that mean your parents aren’t in love?”
“I don’t think it’s possible for them. There’s no denying their bond, built over hundreds of years of marriage, and their strong hunger for each other. Their match was one of political gain, but they did discern similar goals and desires in each other. Their bond is strong enough for their telepathic link to thrive so I’d say they’re as close to it as they could be, but not like this. Not like us. My parents would surrender quite a lot for each other, but they both know that if it was between them or the other that is one sacrifice neither would make.”
“Telepathic? I thought you said you couldn’t read minds?”
“This isn’t reading the mind, this is different. It’s more like sending signals to each other that only they can perceive. Like sending a telegraph, he can only hear what she wants him to and vice versa.”
“Like texting.”
“Yes, in the modern sense I guess you could look at it like that. A bond has to be quite strong between the two for it to work. Parents have this when their children are first born and through the earliest part of their development to aid in their control and rearing, but as the child grows that parental bond begins to fade. Somewhere around the first decade, decade and a half the decline begins and by the second decade is gone entirely.”
“Have you ever tried it?”
“As a youth, I attempted to convince Rais to leap from this very cliff during the day.”
“Did it work?”
“No, the connection doesn’t work with siblings unless they are born as twins and identical twins seem to have a link that goes beyond that even. Somehow they know exactly where the other one is, how they’re feeling, and can communicate without words over vast distances. They are quite the oddity.”
“Good thing that doesn’t work with people. That could cause a lot of problems.”
Drakon became silent and uncomfortable and she could guess why.
“So it does work on humans.”
“Not in the way you’re thinking. We can’t rifle through your thoughts or impose our will or desires on you, but…”
“But…”
“If the person is willing; open to us, we can send thoughts to them. It’s one of Rais’ favorite past times. If there’s a woman that has caught his eye and she has, in turn, a desire for him he can entice her with his thoughts to join him and… so on. It’s more like taking advantage of the situation and the person. It’s not my way, but then again taking advantage of young co-eds has never had any attraction to me either.”
“Good to know, but what about now? With us? I’d say I’m pretty open, wouldn’t you?”
“You’re tempting me again.”
“Maybe, maybe not. It was just a question.”
“I hadn’t thought of that before, but now I’m afraid since you’ve introduced the idea you may pick up on some of my signals.”
“I don’t need your thoughts for that. Not anymore.”
“No, you don’t.” He leaned into her instinctively. His body going where it wanted, but a sudden rush of frigid air blew out the remaining candles and reminded them both that their time on the bluff was coming to an end.
“You think that was a hint?”
“If I believed in such things, yes. Come on, it’s getting late and I’m afraid that it will only grow colder from here on out.”
“If I wasn’t shivering I’d call you a party pooper.”
“Come on.” He stood and helped her to her feet, but as soon as he turned loose and moved to get their shoes Calynn began to sway tumbling head first into the trees.
“Calynn!” In an instant, he was by her side steadying her, a look of horror on his face. “Calynn what happened? Are you alright? Speak to me Calynn? Are you alright?”
“Yeah, yeah… I’m fine I just got dizzy there for a minute. I probably stood up too fast that’s all.”
“Here, I’m carrying you back to the house.”
“I think I can walk.”
“Absolutely not. Don’t argue.” He swept her up into his arms and walked barefoot all the way back to her bedroom, placing her gently on the bed.
“I’m telling you I’m fine Drakon.”
“And I’m telling you to rest, go to sleep. Dinner won’t be until nine tonight, you have plenty of time before then. I’ll either wake you myself or have Millie attend you in plenty of time. I won’t be persuaded otherwise. It’s been an emotional few days and we were out late last night, maybe too late. Unless you want me to consider not taking you anywhere again?”
“Alright you win.” She stuck her tongue out at him, “I’ll behave, but I’m telling you I’m fine.”
“I could call the doctor?”
“No, no I said you win. I’ll lay here, alone in the middle of the day and try to sleep if that will make you happy.”
“It will.”
“Fine, then you can just go back and get my shoes for me.”
“I’d already planned on that.”
She huffed, “Okay then. Will you be back?”
“If I come back would stay awake with me?”
“I might.”
“Then no, not until dinner. No distractions.” He grinned slyly, “For either of us.”
“Party pooper.”
“I’ll have that embroidered on my bath towels.” He bent down and kissed her on the forehead, “Sleep well my lady.” And left, instructing Millie not to disturb her and not to let her out of the room either. Then he returned to the bluff to clean up, still concerned over her stumble into the trees and the horrifying thought of what could have happened had she fallen towards the cliff’s edge. Maybe he should abstain from any more time on the bluff. It may be too dangerous. 
How strange it was to always be consumed with her, but it was a feeling he welcomed. He packed away the throws and pillows, the candles and basket. He could have had a servant do it, but he was particular about letting anyone know where he was; even the servants. Drakon smiled as he picked up the box of her underwear once again. He wondered how many times he’d be sent after this one particular set of garments, but as he bent to pull on his shoes something grabbed his attention. His smile faded and a knot grew in his gut, but there was no denying what he saw or what it meant.
Chapter Thirty
He’d met with his father more in the past couple of months then he had in the past decade combined and it wasn’t going to end anytime soon. Usually his father was in every part of the world, stopping in for brief periods here and there, but ever since the equinox Sir Drake rarely stirred from his study. “Evening father, I was hoping to discuss the wedding preparations with you if you have a moment.”
“Yes, absolutely my son, I was expecting you. Please have a seat.” He motioned to the chair opposite his grand desk.
“I’ve been doing some research into the ceremony and was hoping to settle a few matters.”
“Yes, I assumed as much. It’s not an issue that has surfaced often, I imagine you have quite a few questions. How is our dear Calynn adjusting to your new relationship?”
“Quite well, and I might add anxious to know her role in things as well as when she can expect the honor.”
“I’ve been looking into that. Usually these affairs are planned months or even years in advance, but I believe we can both agree that the sooner this blessed event occurs the better.”
“Completely.”
“Very well. According to custom any unity ceremony must take place during the new moon; that is in one week’s time.”
“One week then?”
“No, not enough time for all the preparations to be made. It will take at least six weeks to purify the blessing sacrifices, but we could rush things a bit to coincide with the new moon’s cycle. Five weeks should be appropriate.”
“That will be fine. I’d like to use justice sacrifices for the feast if you approve. Personally, I plan on making our exit as early in the evening’s events as expectations will allow. Having her exposed any longer than necessary is unwise.”
“Agreed.”
“With her delicate condition and her human sensibilities, I believe it could be… detrimental for her to overhear of certain events that are to take place in honor of our union. It may present us in an unhealthy light in her eyes and we can’t have that, now can we?”
“No, we can’t. Would you prefer to cancel the sacrifice?”
It was a test, but one he was prepared for. “Absolutely not, no reason to go to those extremes. Just because some things may need to be adjusted for the newest member of our family doesn’t mean we are to give up our pleasures.”
“Very wise my son. Justice Sacrifices you say?”
“Tradition can be upheld. Calynn cannot be offended if she were to learn of it, and strategically it would go over well with the human sympathizers that will no doubt be amongst the delegates.”
Drake considered the matter. “Yes, I do believe that would be beneficial. Maybe I should turn over all the preparations to you since you appear to have a grasp on the delicate balance needed.”
“Balance indeed, but I see no need for that. You are aware of all of the customs and legalities involved. You have centuries of wisdom and experience that I could never measure up to. Especially not in the time constraints we’re under. My only real contribution is where Calynn is concerned.”
“Hmm.” Drake’s mind churned, his son was indeed all that he could have hoped for. One way or the other.
“Would it be possible to allow her some say in the arrangements? I don’t know much about human wedding customs, but I believe it’s traditionally the bride that handles many of the preparations. Colors, dress, flowers, menu what have you. It’s my understanding that the male has very little role in such things. I’m not sure if that will be possible, but it may help her feel more involved and allow her to form attachments with the family.”
“I trust that can be arranged. Your mother was to handle much of the particulars. I see no reason why Calynn should be completely left out. The more she feels bound to us the better. And how are you enjoying her company? You’ve been close of late I understand?”
“Yes, we have. I’m finding her to be… very interesting, very interesting indeed. I do believe I’m beginning to develop quite an attachment to our dear Calynn. Now that I see her in a new light she has many qualities that are… desirable.”
Drake’s leer broadened, the closer his son was to his bride the more likely they would continue to sire offspring. His own private army, the merge of Valdi and Drake without the limitations of either. He could see his own rise to glory on the horizon and no one would get in his way. Drakon understood what was at stake and with him enamored of his wife he would surely influence Calynn their way and if either of them stepped out of line they could easily be taken care of. He would not be denied.
“I shall speak to your mother. Until tonight then?”
Drakon nodded and left the room without another word. He may not have been able to read his father’s mind, but his manner was unmistakable. It was a war between them, only his father was yet to be aware of it. One thing was clear, he had to get Calynn away from him as soon as possible and he had no time to waste in setting up his own affairs.
Chapter Thirty-One
Calynn awoke to a light tapping on her bedroom door, “Yes?”
Millie stepped shyly into her darkened room, “I’m sorry to disturb you my lady, but I was instructed to wake you for dinner. It’s in an hour miss.”
“Thank you, Millie.”
“Do you need anything my lady?”
“Has Drakon been by?”
“No, my lady.”
“Thanks Millie, if he doesn’t return for me would you let me know when it’s a quarter till?”
“Yes miss.”
The door clicked, plunging her back into darkness and she was sorely tempted to close her eyes and fall right back to sleep. She’d been more tired than she’d thought. Drakon had been right. Well she wasn’t going to be the one to tell him and no way was he going to come back and find her asleep. She flipped on the light and stretched, rubbing her face. She was so not ready for this.
Calynn drug herself to the bathroom and washed her face. Then shuffled to her closet half expecting to find an outfit set aside for the evening, but there was no sign anyone had been there since that morning. Great, her first dinner with her bloodsucking future in-laws and she had no idea how she was to dress for the evening. ‘Now what am I supposed to do? You could have at least given me a heads up what to wear? Drakon I swear I’m going to smack you the next time I see you.’
“Millie!”
The small servant was there in seconds eager to please, “Yes my lady?”
“I need your help here. I’m supposed to be having dinner with Drakon’s parents, any idea what I’m supposed to wear? Should I dress up or what?”
“Of course miss, I believe semi-formal would be appropriate. Can I suggest the black one there?”
Calynn rifled through the onslaught of dresses that had been delivered straight from Delphine’s studio, finding the simple elegant black number Millie had pointed out. “Thank you Millie, this will be fine.”
“I believe these would go well with it.”
When she turned around she saw that Millie had opened one of the drawers lining the wall to reveal a sparkling array of jewels. Diamonds, rubies, pearls and sapphires; all in matching sets of necklaces, earrings, bracelets and rings.
“Lady Anula had these sent up for you yesterday while you were out.”
Calynn walked over to them almost in a trance and brushed her fingers over the exquisite pieces. “Are these for me?”
“Yes miss.”
She picked up a delicate diamond necklace, the same one Millie had pointed out and held it up to the light. “Thank you, Millie.”
The girl nodded and left. She was nearly speechless. Drakon had told her that all his wealth and treasures were now hers, but it still seemed like one of those things you talk about and dream of, but never really expect to see. Had she been another type of woman or even one of her sisters for that matter all else would disappear in light of this. She wondered if she’d ever get use to this life, more Grimm than anything else. If they served apples for dinner she’d make sure to pass.
She dressed and went to her vanity to pull out some make-up that Delphine insisted she couldn’t live without, when she noticed the top had been shattered along the edge. How did that happen? It wasn’t like that this morning was it? She finished getting ready and was bent over nervously wrestling with her shoes when there was a knock.
“Come in Millie.”
But it wasn’t Millie standing in the door, it was Drakon. Tall and lean, wearing a dark suit and crisp, deep smokey grey shirt that shimmered slightly when he moved, unbuttoned at the top. She’d never seen him that way before. It was always dark jeans and basic button-up shirts, and that seemed to fit him perfectly, but this was a Drakon she could definitely get used to. He took a few steps closer as she straightened; one shoe still dangling in her hand. He stared right into her eyes, taking the hanging heel from her fingers. Then lowered to one knee, never breaking his gaze. His spare hand gently lifted her bare foot placing it on his bent leg slowly slipping on her shoe; forcing himself to release her smooth calf as he stood, still gazing into her eyes.
“You are absolutely breath taking.” And he kissed her, unable to hold himself back a second longer. “I had to do that.”
“Oh you did, did you?”
“You gave me no choice.”
“Uh huh. My mystical powers of persuasion I suppose?” She quirked her eyebrow at him.
“Among other things. Shall we go?” He offered her his arm, a sly grin playing his lips and walked her towards the family dining hall. “You look wonderful, it seems I was worried for nothing.”
“What did you think, that I’d come to dinner in an old sweatshirt and jeans?”
“Not at all, but on my way here I realized I had neglected to give you any idea of how to dress for dinner. You were so nervous this afternoon being our first one. I should’ve been more attentive, more thoughtful. I’m surprised you haven’t threatened to hit me for my negligence.”
“Thankfully Millie helped me and the night’s not over yet. By the way do you know anything about the vanity in my room?”
“Seventeenth century I believe. Why do you ask?”
“Because its top is splintered. Crushed by the looks of it.”
“Your fault entirely.”
“My fault? How’s that my fault?”
“You were the one in the towel this morning.”
“Yes, but… oh…” She suddenly understood what that cracking noise was she’d heard when she came out of the bathroom. It was a quiet walk the rest of the way, both smiling at the implications. All that changed when they reached the double doorway leading to his waiting parents. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly and he squeezed her hand in reassurance, then together they stepped through the doors opened by the ever-attentive servants.
“There she is, our dear Calynn.”
Sir Drake’s warm welcome and the elegant raven-haired woman gliding toward her, arms open for a hug, took a moment to register and she struggled not to look to Drakon for help.
“My dear you look radiant. How are you feeling?”
Calynn had only seen this woman twice, both times on days when her life was turned upside down and shaken violently and a part of her wondered what shoe was going to drop next.
“Quite well and you your Ladyship?”
“No reason to be so formal dear, you’re family now. You must call me Mother Anula or Mother or which-ever feels best. Come, you’re sitting next to me at dinner.” And she wound her arm around Calynn’s free one leading her to the table. “I hope you’ll enjoy the dinner my dear after all it’s in your honor, well yours and Drakon’s. We’ll have another dinner for the rest of the family to celebrate later, but for now we have much to discuss.”
Drakon pulled out the chair for both his mother and Calynn kissing her hand as she sat, another silent reassurance then took his place across from her. His mother graciously rambling on.
“This is the family dining room, much more appropriate for the occasion as it seats only fourteen comfortably. We use the larger grand dining hall for other celebrations such as your wedding feast. Usually I arrange everything for such an event, but I believe it is a custom that the bride coordinate. I hope you would feel comfortable working together on your nuptial celebration?”
“Thank you, I’d like that.”
“There that’s settled. Now we dine.”
She knew they ate like any normal human family, well a super-rich one anyway. Still, in the back of her mind she half expected to see some horrifying tray of body parts or raw animals being set on the table and she couldn’t help but brace herself as each dish was served. To her relief nothing gruesome or still bearing a face was brought in, though she made sure to avoid looking too closely at what the lord and lady of the house were drinking from their wine goblets. She had a sneaky suspicion that it wasn’t merlot. She was almost too nervous to eat, but between her growing hunger and the desire not to offend them she quickly got past it. Besides the chef here was amazing, she had to give them that. Only the best for the House of Drake. At first she thought the night would be spent eating in silence, but soon after the servants had retreated to their stations Lord Drake sipped his wine and putting the glass down began to address her without looking up from his dinner.
“We have five weeks my dear before the ceremony. I hope you will be able to make your arrangements in that time.”
“Five weeks?” She was somewhat surprised he’d wait that long considering how badly he wanted both her and her kid.
“Yes, tradition states that all matrimonial ceremonies be held on the new moon. You have claimed siring rights, but you must still observe the customs of our people. This will not be a problem, will it?”
‘So that’s how he was going to play it, okay old man I can play along.’ Remembering that she was still supposed to be the love-sick woman pining over his son she quickly shifted into character. “No, it won’t Sir Drake. I understand completely.”
“Good. I’m sure Drakon will be happy to fill you in on the details later and any requests you have…”
“Feel free to come to me my dear. Men are so bad at these sorts of things. Take over a multi-billion-dollar company and nothing is over looked, but ask them to plan a wedding or any gathering for that matter and you might as well have asked for the moon.”
“That is why I have you my beloved.” Sir Drake lifted a glass with a dip of his head to his wife and she returned the gesture.
“That’s very generous of you Lady… Mother Anula and before I forget, I want to thank you for the jewelry you had sent to my room for me to use. It’s absolutely stunning and I’ll be very careful with it.”
“You are mistaken my dear. Those jewels are not mine, they’re yours.”
Calynn’s hand instantly flew up to the necklace circling her throat. She looked as shocked as she felt and glanced at Drakon who only smiled and bobbed his head much as his father had done.
“They are but a small portion of Drakon’s fortunes to be bestowed upon him upon his marriage to you. I thought you could use a little… extra trimmings. After all, you are of the House of Drake now and as such you represent the best and we take care of our own.”
Another course was laid out as the previous one was cleared and the silence stretched on. Only the tinkling of silverware on antique porcelain plates was heard until Sir Drake broached a new subject.
“Speaking of assets; the Swiss villa has been transferred. I have notified the staff to expect a shift in the household and to prepare for a visit. I though you could show your bride around her new home tomorrow night. Any thoughts as to your personal staff my son?”
“Yes, I have begun compiling a list of servants to install in the villa, but I must protest taking Calynn there tomorrow.”
Drake’s eyebrows arched slightly, he wasn’t used to being denied.
“It has been a long couple of days for her and as her guardian I must insist that she have some time to rest before making such a trip in her condition. Her welfare is my main concern. Would three days’ time be agreeable to your schedule?” Still the delicate balance.
“I don’t see why not. It seems you are taking great care of our girl here and quite right too. I apologize Calynn, I’m used to making the decisions for the family. It may take me a while to adjust to handing the reins over to Drakon here.” His smile was anything but warm. She doubted if he was even capable of it.
“Perfectly understandable. I think we all have a bit of adjusting to do.” She couldn’t hide the tone in her voice and she didn’t try. He’d probably see right through it anyway. They may be playing him for all they were worth, but she was sure they could only push that so far.
“Yes, very true.”
“That will give us time to hunt through the storage room for Calynn some furnishings before we leave. We have an excellent collection of just about anything you could ever want. I’m always redecorating depending on my mood and I’m loathed to give up anything, so it all goes into storage until I want it again. Plus, Delphine has been in her studio all day drawing up designs for your gown and if she doesn’t get the chance to go over them with you I won’t be held responsible.”
“My gown?” Drakon had already mentioned it, but she hated to waste an opportunity.
“Absolutely, you can’t have a ceremony without a gown. As I said, you’re a Drake now and you must look like a queen. Oh, but my dear Drakon is quite right you look tired and it’s nearly midnight. How thoughtless of us, I think we should call it a night and let him take you back to your room.”
She was tired again, maybe it was the stress over having dinner with her future monster-in-laws or maybe it was as Drakon had said. These past couple of days were catching up to her. Whatever the reason she was thankful that Lady Anula had noticed. Though she doubted she’d ever feel comfortable enough to call her mother, Mother Anula was hard enough.
“Thank you, Mother Anula. I believe you’re right.” Before she knew what happened Drakon was already pulling out her chair and offering his hand when just a second ago he had been across the table from her. She wondered if she’d ever get used to that.
“We will bid you goodnight Mother, Father.” He gave a slight bow and Calynn nodded her head.
“Dinner was delicious, my compliments to your chef Sir Drake. Goodnight to you both.”
The two wished them well in return and they left the dining hall, slowly making their way back to her room and the bed that seemed to be calling her name all of a sudden. They were quiet as he escorted her straight to her bedroom door, he knew his parents were listening, they both knew it. Calynn placed her fingers on the handle then turned back to Drakon.
“Will you be coming in?”
“I would like nothing more, but I think you need your rest tonight. I wasn’t kidding about that.”
She couldn’t stop the yawn and narrowed her eyes at him, “Don’t say a word. Will I see you tomorrow?”
“Yes.”
“When?”
“Probably when you least expect me.”
“Infuriating, can’t give me a straight answer can you?”
“What fun would that be for either of us?” He drew her knuckles to his lips and kissed them.
“Drakon?”
“Yes?”
“Remember when I made fun of how you talk?”
“How could I forget, you wounded me deeply.”
She scrunched up her nose at him in a mock glare, “Don’t ever change it.”
He smiled widely, “As you wish.” And this time he kissed her, but he got more than he bargained for when she ran her hands over his chest and behind his head pulling him against her.
“Are you trying to tempt me?”
“Maybe. Is it working?”
“A little too much I must say.”
“What are you going to do about it?”
“Open your door, take your hand, guide you inside, and insist you get some sleep.”
“Arg, alright, alright I give. I’ll go to bed, but I’d better see you tomorrow.”
“Count on it.” He kissed her forehead and pulled back making sure she went inside before heading on to his next objective.
Calynn leaned against the door, exhausted and yet still buzzing from his kiss. It was like two sides of a coin. Stressing over playing her role in front of the Drakes and then the complete euphoria that came with being with Drakon. She pushed herself off the solid wood and went to the closet to undress and place the jewelry back in the drawer. Her finger trailed over a large diamond necklace in the center of the display. It was hard to believe that this and all the gems in the cases were actually hers. She shook her head and returned to her room sliding into her bed, falling asleep instantly.
Chapter Thirty-Two
He crept unknown through the shadows. It was his final task of the night, but it was just as important as his first. This was his home, or at least it would be soon enough and no way was he bringing her here without every square inch of this place being under his complete control. He knew this villa well. It had been in his family’s ownership since it was built and in his hours of boredom, as well as to escape his brothers’ insanity, he had discovered more than one secret areas. Many his own father didn’t even know about or had long since forgotten.
From the time Sir Drake had told him the villa would be his he’d been planning every possible moment for her safety. All the original sets of blueprints from every version of the estate had been switched with the fake plans weeks ago and placed safely in his lodge. Soon he’d replace every servant with one of his own choosing. Servants whom he was assured of their loyalty to him and not his father or brother, or any of them. 
No one saw him and if any one did they would soon forget he was even there, he’d make sure of that. He had only a few hours before he had to return, no matter how much he still needed to do there was no way he was leaving Calynn alone any longer than necessary. He would not get stuck nearly powerless in Switzerland while Calynn was at the mercy of his family, no matter how much they kept to their best behavior. He listened in on conversations, watching from the shadows as his father’s security team wandered the halls and installed their hidden devices. That would have to be taken care of, good thing he had a few tricks of his own up his sleeve. He’d already placed a series of motion detectors and cameras around the outskirts of the nearly 240 acres and with each visit he’d added more, closer and closer to the main house. No one came or went without him knowing it.
Drakon made his way to the hidden security room and waited patiently for the guard to leave. A little push here and there made the burly man believe he needed to take a nice long walk around the property. Co-eds may not have been his thing, but he was far from a novice when it came to influencing the human mind. He crept into the room full of monitors and surveillance equipment making his way to the computer system linking it all together and inserted the drive he’d brought with him. He may be over two hundred, but he, unlike his father, didn’t shy away from technology. He embraced it. He wasn’t as obsessed with the gadgets as his brother Maximilien was, but he knew more than anyone ever anticipated and what he didn’t know he either learned or employed those more skilled than himself. Though they would never remember him or the work they did for him. 
His father outsourced anything dealing with technology. Sure, he would utilize it as most of their kind did, but his time was always much too valuable to be wasted fooling with the devices ‘the humans created in a desperate attempt to be more like him’. Even with his father’s near mania, he would consider monitoring the feeds himself too tedious and a waste of his precious time.
It took only seconds for the custom virus to load and the timing was perfect. No one would notice the addition of one more program disguised to look and act like any another update file amongst the dozens of updates loading at the same time. He could have wiped his digital fingerprints, but that was time he may not have. Now he had access to everything the system was monitoring, who was accessing it and most importantly, he could alter it. This was his home and his family and it would be under his control, not his father’s or his brother’s or anyone else’s. He would make sure of that.
Chapter Thirty-Three
“Now this one is quite exquisite if I do say so myself. Not that I’m pushing, but I do believe this will simply kill. I spent no small amount of time designing this dress. The gems would all be hand sewn into the gown, not by me obviously, but it would be simply perfect. I would make sure of that.” 
She gave a stern glare at one of her servants that worked on her designs. They had been in the studio for hours now going over every possible detail of not only Calynn’s wedding dress, but her entire trousseau as well.
“Why don’t you let her choose Delphine instead of shoving your favorite in front of her and coercing her into picking it?” It was becoming obvious that Erzsébet was growing tired of spending so much time with her sister; all in an effort to watch over Calynn, but those were her orders and she wasn’t about to defy her parents. At least she could get a few jabs in here and there and give as good, if not better, than she got.
“What would you know about fashion Lizzy? You have less style than Calynn. Oh dear, I didn’t mean it like that, it’s just… well you know.” She picked at Calynn’s sweater with a look of disgust and pity. All those fine designs she had made for her and she wears a sweater of all things. Had Calynn not soothed her wounded pride by informing her that she was waiting to go rummaging through her mother’s storage area for furniture she would have been insulted.
“Well I definitely don’t have your talent Delphine and I agree that gown would dazzle everyone, but the point is to try to keep the attention off of me until we can leave for the villa. Everyone would be gaping at your amazing creation if I chose that one.”
Erzsébet rolled her eyes and smirked, Calynn could handle herself just fine and no doubt Delphine would play right into her hand.
“Hum… I hadn’t thought of that. Maybe you’re right, maybe a little less would be better in this case.”
“What about this Delphine?” Calynn picked up three of the designs laid out on the table. “This bodice, with this skirt and these embellishments here. It should help hide the bump and be adjustable enough so that any changes that have to be made because of the baby can be quick.”
Delphine took the sketches from her and looked them over one at a time studying each, while glancing back and forth between them and Calynn’s form. “Yes… maybe a duchess satin with mulberry silk here and here I think. You have a better eye than I thought Calynn. Such a shame you don’t develop it.”
“See, she does have good taste after all.”
Calynn stifled a grin and Erzsébet burst out laughing when Delphine nodded, obviously missing the slight and returned to her design desk to draw up another gown. Completely ignoring her sister and Calynn.
“Hope you don’t have your heart set on white. Purity isn’t exactly our thing.”
“What is?”
“Deep red, black, midnight blues, things like that. Just think red carpet meets Goth and you get the idea. Probably not what you dreamed of when you were a girl huh?”
“You’d think, but I was never that kind of girl. I was always concentrating on the here and now. Getting married wasn’t on my calendar so planning it was a waste of time to me. I tried to get into it when my friend got engaged, but it all seemed like such a headache. She had to have the whole fairytale thing, but I’d much rather go for simple, elegant, maybe a little classic. Nothing major.”
“Well you can forget that, this thing is going to be huge, but then again since we’re trying not to draw attention to you maybe mother will scale things back some.”
“You really think so Lizzy?”
“No. We are the House of Drake and regardless of you being human we still must appear to be what we are. If mother were to deviate from that in any way it would be like tattooing it across your forehead.” Calynn was surprise that Delphine had heard anything they’d said with how engrossed she was in her designs.
“I hate to say this of my sister, but Delphine’s right. I wouldn’t get too attached to that simple affair idea.”
“Can’t blame a girl for trying.”
“That’s what I keep trying to convince mother of, but you cause one little riot in Hungary and you’re marked for the next few decades as the ‘trouble child’.”
“If I remember correctly my dear Lizzy that riot nearly led to a civil war.”
“Says you.”
“And CNN, MSNBC, CSPAN, and every other news media at the time.”
“Oh well that’s the news, they can never get anything right; and they’re always blowing things out of proportion anyways. You can never trust them. It’s all about the ratings.”
“And was father exaggerating?”
“Overreacting is more like it.”
“I’ll tell him you said that.”
Erzsébet stuck her tongue out at her sister scrunching up her face like Calynn had done so many times and had she been paying attention it probably would have worried her that the two of them shared so many mannerisms. “She thinks she’s so smart, but she’s really just a tremendous pain in the… hey Calynn. Earth to Calynn. Boy when you zone out you zone out. What are you on girl, where’d you get it and can I have some?”
“Huh what?”
“Oh nothing, we were just discussing the ritual dance that you and Drakon will be doing after the ceremony.”
“What dance? No one said anything about a dance.”
“Relax Calynn, Erzsébet is being her usual unfunny self. There is no dance, unless you want to that is and it’s nothing special, just a waltz or something like. She only said that because you weren’t paying attention to her. She can’t stand not to be the center of attention can you Lizzy?”
“You’re one to talk Miss Fashionista, Queen of the runway.”
Delphine beamed proudly, but Calynn wasn’t paying attention again. It finally hit her, even though this was her wedding she would have very little if anything to do with it except to show up and say, ‘I do’ and she wondered if this was how the grooms usually felt. Had she really thought it would be anything else? Good thing she hadn’t been one of those women that had been dreaming of this day since they first saw Cinderella. A red and black wedding gown and a room full of bloodsuckers. This wasn’t a wedding, it was a nightmare.
“I’m thinking if we go with the red base then we can inlay onyx into the bodice and skirt and I know for a fact that Drakon has a garnet circlet set that would be perfect.”
“And how would you know that?”
“Wouldn’t you like to know?”
“Uh, yeah, that’s why I asked. You haven’t been into my stuff as well have you?”
“Calm down little sister, mother showed me a few things she thought might inspire me.”
“Uh oh I think we lost her again. Hey Calynn, you with us?”
“Hmm, oh yeah, red and black that should be incredible Delphine.”
“Yes, I believe it will, but you seem to be quite distracted at the moment and I can’t tell you how that inhibits my muse so why don’t you go lay down or something. I’m sure my brother would be more than happy to… entertain you.”
She wasn’t exactly tired, but she was more than ready for any reason to get out of there and politely excused herself returning to her rooms. There wasn’t much she could actually do there either, but after hours of listening to one sister praising her own genius and the other talking about everything else she could use some peace and quiet. Plus, always having to be on guard with everything she said and did was somewhat exhausting. She had no idea what she would do when she got back to her room, besides relax. Maybe she’d go for a walk around the grounds if it wasn’t raining again that is, but when she opened her door a foot-high stack of bridal magazine awaited her. At least she knew how she could waste a few hours until dinner or until Drakon showed up to rescue her from boredom. 
Here she was in the lair of unholy creatures and she was bored, perhaps she was crazy after all. With all of the fear and life sustaining role playing and even the excitement over the past couple of months you would think she’d welcome the hours of down time. Then again, maybe it was the stillness that bothered her more than anything else. Like that eerie calm before the storm that causes massive death and destruction. Drakon was her only ally, the only one she was sure she could trust and he still hadn’t shown up. Oh well, she was a big girl and it wouldn’t hurt her to be alone for a while so she moved the stack of magazines over to the bed where she could stretch out and began the pointless task of thumbing through them. It was a nice gesture, but it didn’t matter what she liked, in the end it wasn’t about either of them. They may have fallen in love and are really getting married, but that doesn’t mean she has any control over anything and she knew it. This was his family’s dog and pony show and if she didn’t continue to play along she’d be up to her neck in party guests thinking she was the main course. The flower arrangements were so not worth it. 
Would their life always be like this? Would it always be a series of chess moves, letting them make the decisions and going along with it, biding their time until… what? She spun her ring around and around her finger as her present and future collided in her mind. No, she had faith in Drakon, somehow they would find a way to live how they chose to live. Maybe she couldn’t have the things she liked for her wedding, but that wouldn’t stop her from looking anyway. Who knows? There was always the possibility she could have something her way; if it didn’t endanger their lives that is.
Calynn continued to peruse the catalogs, marking pages, and losing herself in something that actually resembled normalcy until dinner arrived. Afterwards she shrugged into a cardigan and walked onto the terrace wondering where Drakon could be. The night was cool, but the rain had made things damp and sticky and it clung to her skin like a wet blanket making her feel like she needed another shower. Her eyes scanned the darkness hoping he’d step out of the shadows with that same sly look on his face, but there was no sign of him. Not that she’d even know it if there was.
*****
He stood in the tree line watching her as she looked out into the night hearing her heart pulse, smelling her scent on the air and knowing he was helplessly lost to her. He waited until she turned back inside, then silently, instantly, he was on the very spot she had just been standing, her presence flooding over him. He could do anything in that moment. Knock her out, take her away, wipe every memory from her, even drain every drop of her life from her if he so desired and she’d never know what hit her, but that’s not what he wanted.
“I was wondering when you’d show up.”
He grinned and hung his head, defeated as she turned and wrapped her arms around his neck. “You don’t have to keep sneaking in, the front door works fine you know.”
“Yes, but it’s much more fun to take my prey by surprise.”
“Oh, so you’re hunting me now?”
“Kind of hard to do when you always seem to know I’m here.” Something clicked and it made him freeze. Nearly every time he’d been near her she’d know it, she’d known he was there hiding in the darkness. But how? With his abilities she never should have been able to sense him. He pressed his finger to her lips conveying a warning. “And now that I am let’s not waste a minute.” He leaned in and kissed her, though it was pleasant she knew it was more than just a kiss.
“How about I tell Millie we’re not to be disturbed.”
As soon as she returned from the hall and locked the door, she switched off the lights and he swept her into his arms. They were out the back way and into the woods before she could blink, standing in the very spot where only yesterday she accepted his proposal and her future.
Drakon walked to the trees, to the very one she had fallen against the day before. There, imbedded deep into the trunk of the young oak was a small handprint just Calynn’s size. He reached out touching the rough surface, tracing the indention, still in disbelief. How could she have made such a print? The strength it would take for such a simple thing like a little pressure against it would have to match his own. His heart thudded hard in his chest, he couldn’t deny the evidence in front of him any longer. He knew it last night when he’d first discovered it. Calynn was developing her own abilities, the doctor had been wrong. Very wrong. Not that he put much stock in that quack anyway. A flood of emotions and questions ran through him. If she had their strength what else did she have or could she have and not even know it? It was time to tell her, time to find out how deep this river ran and how long it’s been running.
“Okay, what’s the big mystery this time? A spy in the ranks, or maybe a plot to overthrow the whole wedding?” 
She was joking, but it was only to hide the growing dread and feeling of uneasiness that was threatening to take her. Drakon didn’t need his senses to know that she was scared, though the waves of fear flowing off of her was palpable. He hated to add to it, but he had no choice.
“Calynn, how is it that you always know when I’m close even when I’m completely hidden?”
She was confused. Why was he asking her this? What did it matter if she could just tell he was there? Come to think of it; how did she know? Had it always been like that?
“Think back as far as you can. I know that may be difficult with the memory gaps, but this is important.”
He didn’t need to prompt her; her mind was already deep in thought. How had she known? He was right, until recently he’d always kept his presence as secret as possible, even his own family had been unaware of his visits to her. So how was it that she’d known? Calynn closed her eyes and concentrated as hard as she could. She hadn’t heard him or seen him or anything like that. It was nothing that her normal senses had ever been able to pick up on; no, it was something deeper. Like when the hair on the back of your neck stands up or the world starts to warp and you swear you’ve been there or already done that. She had sensed him, some part of her had simply felt his presence. Strong, powerful and deadly sure, yet not threatening. He was just there. He’d always been there.
“I… I felt you. It doesn’t make any sense I know, but it was like a part of me could feel when you were there.”
“And how long have you been able to feel me?”
She knew the answer, but what did it mean? “Since the very beginning.”
Drakon let out a deep breath. They had been wrong.
“What? What does this mean? Drakon what’s going on?”
“I don’t know, but we’re not leaving here until we figure this out.”
“Figure what out?”
“Calynn I need to show you something, come here a moment.”
She walked to where he was standing confused and concerned, but determined not to fall apart. He took her hand and placed it on the tree where the indention was. She felt like an idiot feeling up a tree in the middle of the night, but it must be important so she kept her hand grazing across the surface gasping as it fit perfectly into the fissure.
“What the…? What is that?”
“I found that yesterday when I came back to pack things up and retrieve our shoes. It’s your hand print, from where you became dizzy and fell against the tree.”
“But how’s that possible? I would have to have super strength to do this. Wait are you telling me that I … that this…?”
“I think your Valdi genes are becoming stronger the more they awaken. Tell me, has anything else odd been occurring. Sights, smells, sounds, anything going on that is unusual or strange?”
 She turned around, her face tight with concentration. There had been some things, but nothing that raised a red flag. Nothing that couldn’t be explained away as hormones and her pregnancy.
“What is it Calynn, I know that look. What’s been happening, why haven’t you told me?”
“It’s nothing, at least I think it’s nothing. Sounds bother me more, like when I use to have a headache or when I get stressed and things seem to be amplified, but not every sound just random ones. Smells are different too stronger than before, but that is also a part of being pregnant. I can’t say for certain they’re powers or whatever or just another pregnancy thing. I haven’t been hiding anything, I just didn’t think…”
He wrapped his arms around her from behind burying his face in her hair feeling her pulse throb in her neck, “Okay, okay, I understand. It’s not as cut and dry as I’d like, but we can work around that.”
“I guess I’m not being very helpful.”
“Hey, it’s all right, this is far from normal even for me. I have no idea what to expect either, but I’m here and like I said we’ll figure this out together.”
“Normal, that’s a foreign concept of late.”
“At least for you.”
“Oh, so you fall in love and marry a quasi-human girl every year is that it?”
He hugged her tighter, wanting to hold her forever, always keeping her safe in his arms.
“Only the really special ones, but let’s face it you’ve never been normal Calynn or else we wouldn’t be here now.” There was something about that remark that burrowed into his brain and replayed over and over. She hadn’t been normal, not from day one. “Calynn?”
“Hmm?”
“You ran track in school.”
“Yes, that’s how I got my scholarship.” Asking him how he knew that would be pointless. She doubted there was much about her life that he didn’t know by now.
“You won quite often according to your record. Were you ever defeated?”
“No, one of my few bragging points in life. What does my old track record have to do with anything?”
“You said when you were stressed sounds affected you, was it always like that?”
She wondered if she would spend the entire night confused, but she did as he asked and tried to think back as the pieces began to fall into place. “The baby isn’t what started the change is it?”
“I don’t believe so no. I believe you’ve always had your abilities, our abilities. They were simply dormant unless you were sick or stressed and only in small ways like when you’d push your body in physical activities. That’s how you were able to sense danger when Devilicus led you here and then nearly outrun us.”
“But now my genes have been triggered on a grand scale and there’s no turning back.”
Drakon nodded.
Calynn took a deep breath and let it sink in, and he could feel her tense in his arms. “Then I guess it’s a good thing I’m here after all.”
It was Drakon’s turned to be confused. He was expecting her to shudder at the implications, but he should have known she was much stronger than that.
“At least if I’m here with you, you can help me learn to control what’s happening to me. If something had happened out there, with my family I never would have known what was going on. I could have hurt someone, someone I love.” This time she did shudder.
“Calynn, I would have spared you being dragged into my world, but knowing what you would have had to have faced alone.” He sighed, “I’m glad Devilicus brought you to us; to me.”
“Me too.”
“That may very well be what he sensed all along.”
She relaxed into him thankful for his strong presence and warmth, satisfied just to be in his arms and he wasn’t ready to let her go yet either. The two stayed like that, oblivious to the cooling night and the latening hour when Drakon came to a decision. “Come on, we’d better get back before they suspect we’re gone. I’ll tell them in the morning that I’m moving in with you.” She turned in his embrace to face him, her hands spread on his chest.
“Moving in? Isn’t that a bit forward, I’ve only known you a few weeks?”
“This is serious Calynn, I want to be there in case something happens. Now more than ever we have to be careful. If I’m with you I may be able to determine if it’s a power you’re developing or not and if something does come up I can help you deal with it. You don’t want to be alone, or worse with one of my parents or siblings and have something happen that you can’t explain and get scared.”
“It’s not that I mind you moving in, but Drakon you can’t be with me all the time twenty-four seven.”
“No, I know that, but I would feel better knowing that I could be there freely. Without raising my parents or siblings’ suspicions.”
“Wouldn’t moving in with me a few weeks before we’re married do that?”
“Not if I tell them that you’re growing more nervous and insecure over being around so many of us for the celebration gathering.”
“That would be an understatement.”
“See then.”
“That works for them, but what about Dr. Edme? Isn’t he still experimenting with my blood?”
“I’ve been taking care of the doctor don’t worry. He’ll be out of our lives soon enough.”
“Do I even want to know?”
“Probably best if you didn’t, at least not now anyway. The less you know for now the better, but you could always help by dropping a few hints here and there about how uncomfortable he makes you feel.”
“That wouldn’t be a lie. Consider it done, although I don’t see either of your sisters caring one way or the other.”
“No but you never know who might be eavesdropping, and if you ever need me or need to tell me anything without them listening in our arrangement still works.”
“They’re going to think I’m a dog if I keep talking about going for walks.”
He leaned in and kissed her, a fitting way to hush her.
Chapter Thirty-Four
He waited until she was sleeping peacefully beside him before sliding silently out of bed. He hated to leave especially now that she was so vulnerable, but he still had work to do and if he did it right she would be safe from at least one more member of this nightmare. The trip there and back would take about an hour. The rest depended on those still in the house, but he would be back in plenty of time before she woke.
Drakon made his way throughout the house listening, breathing, hunting. He refused to allow his anxiousness over Calynn and his desire to complete his task as quickly as possible to cause him to make any mistakes. Once he was sure there was nothing worth listening to and his actions were still hidden to everyone, he made his was down to the lab and to the doctor.
It was no secret to him what Dr. Edme had been up to this entire time. In truth, he probably knew more than his own father did about the doctor’s experiments, he’d seen to that. From the day her life had been spared Drakon had been playing both his father and Dr. Edme. Soon he would bring these two to a head and he knew exactly which one would come out victorious. There were two things he could always depend upon when it came to the doctor.
First was his sense of self-importance; his ego. It was what had gotten him banished from his home country centuries ago. He thought himself a god and above the laws of man as he experimented on his unwilling patients. He was brilliant no doubt. Where others saw superstition, he saw science and when others turned to rituals and totems to keep their kind at bay, Dr. Edme began a series of medical and scientific experiments to find a weakness in them. Exactly the kind of man to attract his father’s attention.
Soon the doctor’s thirst for power overcame every other desire and by the time Sir Drake stepped in the man was more than willing to sell his soul to the devil that was his father for a taste of immortality. His father saw a use for him as he did with every human he ‘employed’ and the doctor was no exception. Sir Drake would use the man’s genius to extort whatever advantage his brilliance would gain him and as the decades marched on Edme became the family’s personal physician so to speak. It was indeed a rarity to have a servant as anything other than a physician to the other servants on the rare occasion one was needed. Usually servants were disposable. Though some became attached to their help like one would a favorite pet, but Sir Drake saw more than that. Their kind were reluctant to share any breakthrough even with those of their own clan. No one dared give an inch when it came to power, but a servant had no such advantages. As the human race advanced in technology, other clans began using laboratories and human scientists as well, but his father had pioneered the idea. 
Unfortunately for his old man he tended to stay stuck in those days. After all, if it wasn’t broke why fix it and that left Dr. Edme’s pride and megalomania unchecked; easy pickings for Drakon. A little manipulation here, a slight push there and it was nothing to get him to deviate with his experiments. Like any magician he’d keep the doctor looking left while he was manipulating the right.
Another thing Drakon could depend on was the doctor’s greed, not for money, but for glory. Any discovery he made would have to be his own with absolutely no help or possible help from any of his assistants. If something went wrong or wasn’t progressing as it should they, naturally were the reason, but they would never be given the chance to show him up or get any credit. Drakon knew Edme would be alone in the lab, only calling for another servant if they were needed for some menial task. All he had to do was wait until the doctor left the room, it would only take seconds and the switch would be seamless. Any notes would be read, any threat known. The doctor would soon be gone, he’d outlived his usefulness anyway.
When he was through he made his way to the study, back into the den of the beast and knocked. His father tended to disappear during the day, understandably and he needed to speak with him now.
“Is everything alright son? I hope dinner with the future in-laws wasn’t too much for our Calynn?”
“No, but I believe there is something bothering her.”
“Go on.”
“I’m not quite sure what, she’s reluctant to discuss it with me, but I sense a growing uneasiness within her. I can’t discern whether it’s the upcoming ceremony or something else entirely.”
“The human’s call it ‘cold feet’, something to do with regretting or questioning the decision to marry at the last moment. It’s a normal human weakness, it will pass, but you must make sure she has no qualms about your match.”
“That’s why I’m moving in with her.”
Sir Drake arched his brow.
“I believe it would be the best way to allay any natural hesitation and if there’s something deeper I will be more likely to discover it this way. It may be that she’s uneasy about being surrounded by so many of us come the celebration, but whatever it is I will not allow anything to upset her or the child.”
“Would you care for a larger suite?”
“I don’t believe that’s necessary. I’ll be shipping my belongings to the villa soon anyways, I’ll only move a few things to her room.”
Drake nodded and Drakon turned to leave, but his father stopped him. “Son, if you do find anything or anyone has been bothering her it will be handled.”
“I won’t hesitate to bring it to your attention… if I don’t handle it myself that is.” That earned a proud nod from his father as he left the room, returning to his bride to be.
Chapter Thirty-Five
It had taken her half an hour to convince Drakon that she didn’t need a babysitter while she was with his mother for the afternoon. Finally, with multiple promises that he’d be nearby and she would immediately ‘take a walk’ if she ‘felt ill’ he relented. Returning to giving the servants orders for his new status as roommate and making an appointment with his father to go over the plans for their own home in Switzerland.
The afternoon may have started out a little on the rough side. She hadn’t spent enough time with Lady Anula to know which personality might work best, but Calynn soon enough settled on a role she hoped would suit. Truth be told she wasn’t all that different from any other perspective mother-in-law; at least in this form. From what she’d gleaned from Drakon his mother liked to reinvent herself every generation or so. It seemed that this go around she had decided on the persona of a southern belle; a lady of sophistication, of grace and of ease. As long as Calynn acted as much like a lady as she could things went fairly smoothly. It wasn’t all that difficult, she had been born and raised in the south and the idea and history of the southern belle was nothing new to her.
It was obvious that Drakon’s mother had been born into wealth and had known nothing but. Her idea of a storage room was an underground warehouse stacked with isles of furniture, brick-a-brack, and anything and everything a person would need to set up house. Many of the items were hundreds, even thousands of years old. She wasn’t kidding when she’d said she hated to give up any of her belongings. There were miles of items all arranged by era, style, and use and it would take any normal person days if not weeks to sort through it all. Fortunately, they weren’t forced to walk, although for his mother that wasn’t an issue. Golf carts were used for not only Calynn’s convenience, but for the servants as well. They spent hours riding around in the back of the cart while Lady Anula sipped one southern concoction after another pointing out some of her favorite pieces, urging Calynn to do the same and after a few minutes of awe she finally did. It didn’t take long for her ladyship to pick up on Calynn’s style. Simple, classic, sturdy, functional with a draw to history and the unique and was soon able to direct them to areas of the warehouse that made Calynn’s eyes widen with admiration. Anula snapped her fingers and the car drew to a halt, allowing them to step down. The ladies made their way down another aisle followed by more servants as she recited each piece’s history and marking which items Calynn could not help but run her fingers across.
“That piece I picked up oh, about three hundred years ago in the East Indies. I had quite an exceptional time hunting that day, I really must make it back there some time. I’m sure they must have something new to interest me by now; at least I’d hope. Everything these days is so cheaply made and mass produced.”
“It’s exquisite.”
“Yes, I quite agree.”
That’s how the afternoon passed until Calynn let out a deep breath, it was time to kick this mother daughter bonding thing up a notch.
“My dear, is something the matter? I’m not tiring you too much am I?”
“No not at all Mother Anula, it’s just that… well it’s all a bit over whelming is all. I mean, I think it’s finally starting to hit me that I’m going to be responsible for an entire household and unlike you I don’t have the wisdom or grace for it. I don’t see how I could possibly handle it all, at least not unless I have someone to help teach me how. Would you… would you consider teaching me how to be a lady like you? I know it won’t be easy, but I don’t want to disgrace Drakon or you and Sir Drake for that matter. I hope I haven’t overstepped my bounds.”
Lady Anula beamed. Handing her mint julip off to one of the servants before throwing her arms around Calynn’s shoulders. 
“Oh my dear, you have nothing to be concerned about. With Drakon by your side and my guidance it will be as if you were born to us. I can teach you everything there is to being the lady of the house Calynn and I have every confidence that you’ll master it in no time. Believe me when I tell you that you’re quite special.” Anula stroked Calynn’s hair speaking almost to herself at times.
“You already have a very well-developed taste in décor and with my influence you’ll be every much a Drake as any of us. There’s more to you than you think, but first things first. We need to get your items shipped up to the villa, then we can concentrate on other things.”
“My items?”
“Yes dear, the ones you’ve chosen.”
“But I haven’t chosen anything.”
“Oh yes you have. Every piece that made your breath hitch, your eyes dilate, or your pulse quicken even those you’ve touched have been marked for transport. You forget my dear I can sense these things.”
“Touché, Mother Anula.”
The two continued until Calynn began to tire and Lady Anula gave the order to return them to the house.
“I know my son is taking the best of care of you, but if you will indulge me… how are you feeling Calynn?”
“A little tired from time to time, but other than that I’m doing alright.”
“And Dr. Edme, he’s been treating you appropriately?”
Calynn hesitated just enough.
“There is no wrong answer my dear, anything you say will be fine you have my word. Alright?”
Calynn nodded.
“So, Dr. Edme?”
“He hasn’t done anything… wrong per se. It’s just…, well the way he looks at me, or touches me, even when he draws my blood… I don’t know. Maybe I’m imagining it, but there’s something in his eyes and the look on his face that makes me uncomfortable, very uncomfortable really. Still he hasn’t done anything.”
“Have you discussed this with Drakon?”
“No, I didn’t think it was right. He’s just been told that he has to marry me. I didn’t think complaining about how Dr. Edme makes me feel creeped out would be the right way to start off our relationship.”
Anula gave a knowing smile. “You absolutely should my dear. After all he’s responsible for your care. We all are.”
“Can he even do anything about it? It’s not like I can go to just any doctor. No one can know about me and Dr. Edme is the only one that can deliver this baby isn’t he?”
“Not necessarily. How would you feel about a midwife?”
“A midwife?”
“Why yes, they have been used by our kind for generations. Long before doctors were ever considered. Would you be more comfortable with a midwife, someone you could choose to aid in your pregnancy and delivery?”
“Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Mother Anula, but would Sir Drake be all right with that?”
“Hush, you let me worry about that. You speak with Drakon about it and I’ll discuss it with his father. I’m sure between the two of us we can make them see things our way.”
Chapter Thirty-Six
“Husband.”
“Beloved, to what do I owe the honor of your visit to my humble study?”
“I thought we might have a word if you’re available?”
“For you? Always my dearest. What would you like to discuss?”
Anula drew a chair up beside her husband who swiveled to face her. “I’ve been considering the trip to Switzerland.”
“Yes.”
“I’m concerned about Calynn being away from medical care for such an extended period of time.”
“It’s only a few days, Drakon has had her abroad himself I believe.”
“Yes, but they may decide to stay a while longer and I do think we should be looking out for our investment.” Anula gave her husband a moment to consider the matter.
“I see your point, but she has Dr. Edme.”
“The doctor cannot travel as we can, and moreover in a few weeks they will be joined forever and she will need someone established at the villa. The doctor will not be able to continue his research if he is in Switzerland.”
“I hadn’t considered that. I suppose you have a solution.”
“Would I be here if I didn’t?”
Drake grinned.
“I propose we utilize a midwife for her. Someone we could test at the villa and if it works well, could take over the daily care of our girl allowing the doctor more time for his experiments. Once they move abroad she could be installed there and if something should arise the doctor could be summoned in an instant.” 
She leaned forward teasingly tracing his leg with her fingertips. Faster than lighting he snatched her wrist as she moved her hand further up his thigh and pulled her into his lap. Two predators regarding each other as prey. The buttons of his shirt flew across the room, pinging off the walls and clattering onto the hardwood floor, but neither twitched, neither broke their gaze. Eye to eye without a single blink between them.
“Leave us.”
Without a word Hamil left the room closing the door behind him and waited outside.
“Since when have we ever been modest dear husband?”
With the same force that Anula had torn his shirt, Drake swiped one arm across his desk flinging papers, phone, files and more across the room replacing it all with the willing body of his wife.
“I simply didn’t want to put another hole in the man. That would be inconvenient.”
Anula looked to the side where the ornate platinum letter opener and matching pen set had buried in the wall right where Hamil had been standing only a second ago. She leered, leaning back onto the desk as she reached for his dangling tie, pulling him down on top of her.
*****
She was tired, but still restless, and lying in bed hoping sleep would come or pacing the rooms wasn’t helping anything but to make her more anxious to be away from this house and everyone in it; or almost everyone. Calynn grabbed a coat from her closet and decided to test the boundaries of her supposed freedom by walking the grounds alone. No one stopped her and other than telling Millie that she didn’t need a tag-a-long no one spoke to her. The instant she stepped outside and breathed the cool fall air she began to relax and her gaze drifted to the woods and the freedom and family that lay just beyond it.
Could she make it? If she pushed herself with these new powers or whatever they were, turning on inside of her could she do it? Could she get away? A snort from beside her told her her answer. No way. Even if she could out run devil dog here they would find her. Then there was Drakon and her family to think of, what would happen to them if she even dared to try? No; this, as messed up as it was, was her life now and she had to accept it.
“Come on then.” 
He wasn’t pretty to look at, but he was hers, so to speak and there would be no going anywhere without him especially without Drakon at her side. Her steps were aimless, making her way through the dying gardens and still green hedgerows. She thought about going to the cliff or maybe one of the other places he had taken her over the past few weeks, but she doubted he’d be there. Strange how a few short days and weeks can change so much, but she had said it herself. He couldn’t be with her all the time, though no doubt he knew exactly where she was at this very moment. She found herself standing at the edge of the woods staring into the underbrush thinking about him, wondering where he was and what he was doing. She didn’t need to talk to him, but she wanted to.
The day with his mother was nerve wracking. Fooling his half-interested sisters was one thing, but his nearly two-thousand-year-old mother was something else entirely. She kept waiting for the woman to call her on everything she had said and done, instead she found herself engulfed in a hug more than once. Could it really have been that easy to play a creature that cunning? The woman had known every piece of furniture and décor that had caught her eye and yet she couldn’t detect the hint of insincerity in the whole ‘teach me to be a lady like you’ bit? Was it even possible, who was really playing whom there? Hopefully she wasn’t going back to her husband at this very minute rethinking their decision to keep her alive after the baby was born. No, they wanted and needed her, she hoped. Hopefully Drakon had been close by listening, surely he would have stepped in if she’d gone too far right? Where was he? Was he watching her at this very moment? Were any of them watching for that matter? Would she ever be alone again? Another humph from her not so furry friend.
“Okay so I’m sulking. Wouldn’t you?”
Devilicus shook his leathery head and sat down.
“No, I guess you wouldn’t, would you? Look I know you’re here because you have to be, but if you do listen to me at all is there any chance I can convince you to go home and give me some time to myself? I’m not running off you should know that by now.”
Again he shook his head and Calynn couldn’t help but laugh.
“Okay, okay I get the point. You know you could at least try to look like something a little less disturbing for me. It might help me get used to you. A German Shephard, Great Dane, Collie, something. I really do love animals and it’s nothing against you personally, but you have to admit for us humans you don’t exactly send the ‘man’s best friend’ image. More like the ‘human, it’s what’s for dinner’ thing.”
The beast stood and began to shake from head to tail as if he’d just come bounding out of the bath and right before her eyes fur, black and white and long, began to grow from all over his body. The jagged spine retreated and its solid black eyes shifted to a soft blue. Before she knew it, the form of a Border Collie stood before her with its head tilted. Devilicus sat back down and looked up at her waiting for her approval.
“That’s amazing Devilicus, thank you. You know, looking like that I don’t think Devilicus fits you at all does it? How would you feel if I called you Villie for short? You know just between us?”
For a minute she didn’t know if he was going to growl at her or change back. After tilting his head the opposite direction, like he was considering the matter, he gave a quick nod and she bent down to pet him.
*****
Lady Anula watched the girl stop at the edge of the woods as her husband retrieved a fresh shirt from his closet to redress, and listened in to the words that caught on the breeze.
“It seems our Devilicus has taken a fancy to Calynn.”
Drake came to stand behind her, not touching her but a strong presence exuding power and so much more.
“Yes, it does.”
The two watched as their trusted familiar changed form, receiving an affectionate pat from the girl.
“They do seem to be bonding, I don’t believe I’ve ever seen Devilicus take the form of a normal for any other purpose than hunting. Have you?”
“No, maybe we should send him along with them to Switzerland if he’s taken such a shine to our girl. It could be a wedding present.”
“I’ve already given them our best house my dear wife, now you would have them take my best hunter too?”
“Second best house. Nothing is too good for our first grandchild, now is it? Or do I need to convince you?”
She could feel his hot breath on her neck though he still didn’t touch her. He wasn’t the only one that was radiating power.
“I do enjoy your persuasive tactics, but no I agree. He was the one that located her in the first place, obviously there is something in her that has triggered the attachment. Even I know better than to separate the two at this point. He can keep an eye on her while Drakon is out hunting or doing whatever pleases him and can continue to watch over the child. I was just about to suggest the idea myself anyway.”
“Of course, husband.”
Drake grinned as he returned to his desk.
“I’ll tell Hamil to return to you and send someone in to put things back in order.”
“Always looking after me.”
“That is my one true pleasure in life.” She smiled and made to leave when he stopped her.
“I’ll speak to Drakon about the midwife. We’ll need a list of them before the night is out.”
She nodded and left, playful grin firmly in place.
Chapter Thirty-Seven
It was barely sunrise when Drakon burst through the door to his father’s study, his face on the brink of morphing into that of the monster that lay just beneath the surface.
“Drakon what is the meaning of this!” Sir Drake stood stiff and alert, and just a bit enraged at the bold intrusion.
“If you don’t stop him I will!”
“Stop who? What are you talking about?”
“Edme!”
“What about him?”
“He took ten vials of blood from Calynn just now. Ten, and that’s not the first time! He woke her up and took the samples before she could even eat.”
“Are you sure?”
“I walked out of the bathroom as he was leaving with them. Calynn said it wasn’t the first time either and her servant confirmed it. I will not allow that megalomaniac to put her life or the child’s at risk for his own vainglorious pursuits at gaining your favor!”
Drake turned to Hamil, “Get him.”
The room remained quiet as the pair waited for the doctor. Drakon refused to sit, his hands nearly splitting the back of the chair across from his father in two. Both listened to the sound of approaching footprints on the marble, hardwood and carpeted floors; neither spoke.
“You sent for me Sir Drake?”
Drakon did not turn, he kept his eyes on his father. If he dared look at the man he might rip his throat out right then and there.
“Is it true that you took ten vials of blood from the girl this morning?”
Dr. Edme looked confused and his gaze darted between Hamil, Drakon and the lord of the manor. “Yes, bu…”
“And is it also true that this is not the first time that you have drawn that amount from her? Even waking her to do so?”
“I don’t understand.”
Sir Drake’s voice dropped, “I didn’t ask you if you understood. Is it true?”
“Why yes, it’s necessary to…”
He was cut off again.
“As of this very second, your access to the girl has ended. Do I make myself clear?”
“But sir, if only…”
Drake stood, his chair flying backwards as he leaned on the desk glaring. His voice became darker, harder than even before and his eyes turned black as his face shifted to that of his true demonic self. “Get out.”
Dr. Edme looked to the other two men in the room then turned tail and ran, nearly tripping over himself in the process. Before he could catch himself the two could hear him muttering, “I’m so close… he doesn’t see.” Under his breath.
“If he goes anywhere near her again I will destroy him. With or without your blessing.”
Sir Drake, his face that of the stoic monarch once more, nodded his understanding. The pause lingered as the tension hung in the air. Drakon wasn’t about to leave, there was still more to be accomplished here and he kept his eyes on the man as Hamil retrieved his chair and he sat back down. His son wasn’t about to let it go just yet.
“Hamil, keep an eye on the doctor. If he even thinks about stepping out of line; take care of it.”
Hamil nodded and left as silent and obedient as always.
“You mother has suggested we use a midwife for Calynn, someone she may feel more comfortable with. How does that strike you?”
“A midwife?” Drakon pretended to let himself be distracted by his father’s question.
“Yes, your mother has provided a list of all the most qualified in our service for you and Calynn to choose from. We thought we may try it on the trip to the villa as sort of a test run to see how smoothly it goes and continue things from there.” He pulled a piece of paper from his desk and slid it in Drakon’s direction.
“It’s entirely up to the two of you of course, anyone from that list I have confidence in.”
“No more drawing blood? No more tests?”
“Not unless it is medically necessary for Calynn or the child.”
Drakon took the list and began scanning the names.
“Now if you are satisfied and there’s nothing else I have an… associate that needs to be dealt with.”
Drakon nodded and turned to leave, “I meant what I said father. If he goes near her.”
“Only if you beat me to it my son.”
Drakon nodded and left. ‘Goodbye Dr. Edme.’ If he could grin just then it would be rather large. It seems the good doctor will no longer be an issue, at least not after tomorrow that is.
Chapter Thirty-Eight
It was dark and it was cold and the snow still clung to her hair as she shivered.
“Where are we?”
“The mountains of Colorado, one of my cabins.”
“That explains why it’s so cold in October. Don’t you have a more tropical hideaway? Somewhere like Hawaii or Bermuda?”
Drakon smiled as he rubbed her arms to help warm her. “Sorry, all the properties that my family doesn’t know about are mainly for hunting purposes. Unless you care for the jungle or maybe the African plains. I haven’t had much use for anything tropical, but I’ll make a note to correct that for next time.”
He started a fire in the massive stone fireplace that looked as if it had stood there for hundreds of years. “There, that should help.”
They stood staring into the fire wrapped around each other, enjoying what little time they had away from the prying eyes and ears of the House of Drake.
“What’s wrong?”
“Two days.”
“What?”
“Two days. In two days we’re heading for Switzerland and I’ll be taking lessons from your mother in how to run a household and I’m not looking forward to it.”
“I know, but there’s nothing to worry about, I’ll be beside you every minute.”
“That’s sweet but not possible. You can’t tell me your dad or some other house thing or family thing or secret thing won’t have you running off at any time. No, I’m a big girl and I’m just going to have to put on my big girl pants and get through it and hope your mother doesn’t pick up on what a fraud I really am. I’m still not entirely sure she bought into it yesterday.”
“I thought we went over this?”
“How? How can she not know? I know you said I did fine, but… come on Drakon she should know humans inside and out by now. Literally.”
“Yes, she should and usually she does, but you also have to consider that as much in your favor as against it.”
“In English if you please.”
“The biggest flaw with my mother and father, with most of the elders in fact is their ego. The idea that they can read a person even before they act and usually they can. At this point you’re acting just like they’re predicting. Defiant, unsure, trying to ‘fit in’ to please them to keep our relationship a semi-secret. They think they have you all figured out and that leaves them open. They know you’re flattering them to some extent, but they have no clue as to how much. They believe they’re infallible and since they’re under the impression that they have you fooled it leaves them vulnerable. Understand?”
“I just hope I don’t push this whole mother daughter thing too far and give us away.”
“It’s like with Delphine and the clothes. Mother is enjoying having a protégé all her own, especially since none of my sisters have taken much of an interest. If you do say or do something suspicious, we’ll blame it on the hormones and your nervousness over the ceremony.”
She smacked him.
“I knew you were going to do that.”
She smacked him again.
“And that.”
They were quiet for a while.
“How long can we stay here?”
“I thought you didn’t like the cold?”
“What cold?”
“We have to be back before morning. There’s food and drink in the fridge if you want and a bedroom through that door.”
“Are you suggesting something?”
He grinned and buried his face in her hair breathing her in, “Only that you need your rest and staying awake just so we can have some private time together is not an option. So now you can call me a ‘party pooper’ and smack me again and be done with it.”
“Oh you’re so smart, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I thought we established that already?”
She refused to take the bait. No scrunching up her face. No sticking out her tongue; nothing and Drakon couldn’t help but laugh.
“Always have to prove me wrong do you? So that’s how it’s going to be for eternity; you attempting to throw me? Doing the exact opposite of what I say?”
“Look at this way, I won’t be boring.”
“Never.”
Nothing could have pulled them apart at that moment, nothing except his protectiveness of her. “Calynn, I could hold you forever, but we left without you eating dinner and either you help yourself to what’s in the kitchen or I’ll have to try my hand at cooking with you as my guinea pig. So, what’s it going to be?”
“Two hundred and fifty years and you don’t know how to cook?”
“Do you really want to find out?”
Calynn furrowed one side of her face as if contemplating the matter deeply. “Maybe later.”
“Then I suggest you make your way to the fridge.”
She turned and kissed him deeply and he groaned almost imperceptibly. “That’s not going to work.”
“What? I’m not doing anything.”
“Uh huh? So, do you have something in mind for me to prepare or do you just want me to ‘wing it’ as Maximilien says?”
“Alright, alright I give!” She had to stop herself from calling him a spoiled sport as she made her way to the small kitchen area, pulled open the fridge; and froze. She blinked over and over as the shock wore off and she realized what she was seeing was real. Vial after vial of blood, rows and stacks of them taking up nearly two entire shelves of the fridge. She knew what he was. She’d known he needed blood, it was no secret, but she hadn’t thought of it; not of him and suddenly she became uncomfortable. Was this how he got it? She’d never asked and though they were about to be married in a little over a month she felt like she was somehow prying.
“Ask.”
Calynn jumped, startled and a bit embarrassed. “Drakon, I know what you are, I don’t need to know about this.”
“Ask.”
She took a deep breath, “What is all this?”
“It’s you.”
“What? I don’t understand?”
“Those are the vials that were taken when you were brought to us, the first few weeks that is. When I learned you were still alive I retrieved them before they were destroyed, leaving only a few to keep anyone from growing suspicious. I’ve been using them to misdirect the doctor.”
“How?” She absent-mindedly ran her fingers over the glass tubes.
“By switching out the new vials he takes from you with these. As long as there are traces of hCG he hasn’t been able to perceive the difference and it’s kept him blind to the changes in your cells. He’s only been able to detect the slightest variation in them. I told you I’ve been looking out for you.”
“What about the samples he’s been taking? Are they here as well?”
“No, I destroyed them. I won’t take the chance that it’ll fall into the wrong hands. No amount of information that we could get from your blood is worth your safety or the safety of our child.”
Would this man, whatever he was, ever cease to amaze her? “And you’ve been doing this the entire time, switching out my blood?”
“Yes. I kept some of the earlier samples for when I ran out of the original batches.”
“Are they still good?”
“For what the doctor is testing yes, for now anyway. The serum you were given when you arrived altered the shelf life of your blood so there’s no threat of him discovering the age of the samples. Besides, he has run out of time.”
“Should I ask?”
“I can’t have him endangering us and it’s time for him to go. After tomorrow he’ll no longer be an issue.”
“What happens tomorrow?”
“The last straw.”
Something in his voice changed.
“Are you having second thoughts?”
“What makes you think that?”
Calynn looked at him and there was concern written plain as day all over his face. “Because it looks like you’re worried. About Dr. Edme?”
“No, I have no care for him. He has long outlived his usefulness and is nothing more than a sadistic, power-hungry threat to everyone around him. He performs as many twisted experiments as Ivan. The two seem to be cut from the same cloth and I have no doubt they feed each other’s insanity.”
“Then what is it?”
“Father has forbidden him from having anything else to do with your care. That alone has driven him to the edge, but he needs one more push to fall.”
“From you?”
“Yes.”
“And…?”
“When he snaps he’s going to come after you and I don’t know if I can put you in that position.”
“You’ll be there right?”
“In less than a second.”
“Than what are you worried about?”
“How can I do that to you? Intentionally put you in the path of a madman, and not just you, but our child as well? What does that make me?” He walked back to the fire staring deep within the flames.
Calynn followed him sliding her arms around him from behind, her voice resonating through his body as well as his soul. “The kind I want to spend the rest of my life with.”
Drakon huffed.
“Tell me something Drakon. When haven’t we been in danger in some way?”
“My job, my sole purpose is to keep you safe from harm. To care for you in every way and if I go through with this you’ll be right in the center of it.”
“The entire household including the animals are set to protect me. Do you really think he’ll even come close to laying a hand on me?”
He paused, but he couldn’t disagree. “No.”
“Then let’s do this, whatever it is and get him out of our lives for good. You said it yourself, he’s too much of a threat if he’s left alone right? If I can put on my big girl pants to keep up the act with your mother I can handle a few minutes of Dr. Jekyll turning into Hyde. I trust you Drakon and I don’t think any less of you, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
He didn’t move, didn’t respond, but he didn’t have to. She’d gotten through. She’d given her permission and maybe that’s what he had truly desired all along. “Alright, tomorrow we end the doctor’s tenure with the House of Drake.”
“Feel better?”
He turned in her arms and held her tightly, kissing her forehead. “I’ll feel better when I have you away from them forever.”
“Only a few more weeks to go, then it’s off to Switzerland and we can finally relax.”
“There’s still a lot to do Calynn. It’s not as simple as all that.”
“I know, but that’s why you have me.” She smiled playfully and rose up to kiss him.
“That’s why I have you.” And he kissed her back. “Now go get dinner, while I work on the surveillance for the villa.”
“Surveillance?”
“Eat!”
“Fine, you talk, I’ll eat.” She went back to the fridge and tried to ignore the vials of blood while scrounging for her own dinner for the first time in what felt like forever. She found it hard to concentrate on what Drakon was telling her over her own nostalgia. “What was that?”
“My father has set up his own private surveillance system within the villa. In every room to be exact, but I’ve taken control of it.”
“Every room?”
“Every.”
“Even the bathrooms?!”
“Video in all the main rooms and halls. Audio in the bathrooms and bedrooms.”
“That’s sooo not right. How are we going to… you know; be alone with him listening in?”
“Don’t worry I’ve taken over the system, hijacked it if you will. He’ll only see and hear what we want him to. Everything relays through here.” He set a tablet in front of her that looked much like any other computer on the market, but this one went way beyond.
“My father isn’t much for technology, but I know enough. He, nor anyone else he has monitoring the feed, will ever know that I’m the one in control. Over time, once he’s assured that nothing is amiss between us, he’ll slowly begin to abandon his watchful eye for more important things. I’ve been able to listen in on everything that has been transpiring at the house for quite some time now.”
“That’s where you’ve been disappearing to?”
“At times, there’s also Rais and the doctor to deal with.”
“Do you ever sleep?”
“I’ll sleep when things are safe.”
She arched an eyebrow.
“Well, safer. I’ve made it secure for us to talk anywhere in the house, but while my parents are there they still have the ability to listen in. Plus there’s the staff to consider.”
“The staff?”
“Yes, currently everyone who’s there is under the servitude of my father. Any one of them could inform on us if they were to witness anything suspicious, but once we are joined the house will be under my control. Or more precisely, ours.”
“How does that help?”
“I’m in the process of choosing our own servants, those that can be trusted to be loyal to me; to us. Those that have no love for my father and would gladly leave his house if the opportunity arose.”
“How do you know you can trust them?”
“One thing you can depend on Calynn, when the cat’s away.”
“The mice will play.”
“Or gossip, complain, and all other manner of tongue wagging. One of the benefits of going unseen is knowing what goes on while the master of the house isn’t about. As part of my position as adviser it was to be my responsibility to reprimand those that were unhappy with their own position. Needless to say, I’ve gathered more than my fair share of knowledge of who is completely loyal to my father and who… isn’t.”
She knew better than to ask how those servants were to be reprimanded. Most likely they would end up being served up as next week’s dinner and she shivered. “Which means we’re saving their lives aren’t we, by bringing them on as ours?”
“Yes.”
“What about Millie? Is she… loyal to your father?”
“More like terrified of him, my mother too.”
“Can she be trusted?”
“At the present time, no. The fear of my parents is too great under their own roof. If they demanded of her to report everything that we said or did she would agree, but… I also believe she would hesitate to reveal everything to them if she feared it would put us at risk. Raised to the rank of Lady’s Maid to the Lady of the house within our home she may very well gain the strength to be a valued servant of ours.”
“Is there a way to test that?”
“Possibly. You like Millie, don’t you?”
“Sure, she’s a bit shy but she’s a good girl who genuinely wants to help.”
“I’ll see what I can do, it would be better if she stayed with us anyway. Replacing her would be too questionable, unless my mother believes she is not worthy to be raised to that rank and suggests you replace her.”
“If I had my way about it I wouldn’t have a servant at all.”
“Try thinking of her as a personal assistant; that may make things easier for you until you get used to the life of servants and excess.”
“No offence, but I hope I never get used to it. I enjoy doing things for myself.” And she shoved a large forkful of eggs and ketchup in her mouth.
“I can see that. Once we get settled in and my father begins to relax his grip you’ll be able to run the house any way you choose, deal?”
“Deal. So how are we getting rid of Edme tomorrow?”
“Tomorrow morning I have a meeting with father about the staff for the villa, along with other things. While I’m gone the doctor will seize the opportunity to pay you a visit. He’s been banned from being anywhere near you and this disobedience of my father’s direct order will seal his fate. Just scream good and loud and I’ll take care of everything else. You can do that right?”
“What? Play along? Of course, it’s me you’re talking to remember? Your co-conspirator.”
“No, I mean scream.”
“Scream? Sure I can scream, why would you ask that?”
“Because in all this time I’ve never heard you do it.”
She looked down at her plate knowing exactly what he meant, but immediately raised her head and smirked, “You’ve never seen me come face to face with a spider then.”
He laughed and smiled, “Somehow I doubt that. You’d be more likely to make the spider scream, but I’ll take your word for it.”
Chapter Thirty-Nine
As Drakon had presumed it took very little influence that next morning to push the doctor past the breaking point of insanity. It wasn’t a long trip; the man had done much over the last few hours to further his own obsession with Calynn. He listened as frantic footsteps made their way to her suite, heard the door slam open as Edme shoved his way past Millie; forcing himself not to react in any way in front of Sir Drake. Every muscle tensed as the minutes ticked by and he found it difficult to concentrate on what his father was saying. He busied himself with his notes, struggling not to abandon the plan and rush to her side.
It was a new sensation for him. He’d never felt that angry or that protective of anyone before, let alone a human and he wasn’t sure how to handle it. For the first time in his life the fury that burned inside him was justified, was righteous and his anger ran deep. Every word between Edme and Calynn had him on edge and had it not been for his skill as a hunter and decades of learning patience, nothing would have kept him in that chair.
*****
Calynn knew Edme was going to show up and she was prepared to play her part like a pro. She’d been waiting for him since Drakon had left that morning and not once could she concentrate on her book or the notes on running a house Lady Anula had sent. What she wasn’t expecting was how afraid she really was when the man slammed through her door sending it banging against the wall. The look in his eyes was feral and dangerous.
“No… no, don’t move. I’m not going to hurt you. I just need a little more, just a little more…” he pulled a syringe from his pocket slowly walking towards her, “I almost have it. I’m so close! Just a little more my dear… just a little more.”
“No; back off, I’m… I’m warning you…” Her voice stumbled and cracked, this was no act she was scared for real.
“Just a little more, yes, just a little more, that’s it…” and he lunged toward her.
Calynn jumped aside screaming, bounding over the couch and heading towards the bedroom and bathroom beyond. Preparing to lock herself in as chaos broke loose all around her.
*****
Her scream could have been heard through half the house even without their abilities and it drew instant attention. Drakon was out the door and through the house in half a heartbeat, his father close behind as the cries continued. He’d promised her he wouldn’t let anything happen to her and though he was in the room seconds after her scream fear had already set in. Would he be too late? Would the stress be too much for her or the baby? Had he sealed his doom in his blindness to rid them of the doctor?
He could still hear Calynn as he rushed into the sitting room not even slowing as he slammed into Dr. Edme. Grabbing him by the throat he lifted him off the ground, tearing the man’s leg from the mouth of a very irate Devilicus who was back in his leathery form. Drakon squeezed the man’s neck tighter, threatening to snap it in two.
“Stop!” Sir Drake stood in the doorway, Hamil closing in behind him. 
Drakon didn’t move.
“Put him down son.”
Not a twitch, and the look in his eyes told everyone that he meant to crush Edme just as he’d promised. Instead he opened his hand and dropped the now limp doctor to the floor gasping for air and holding his already bruising throat.
“Bring him.”
Silent as always Hamil walked past his master and retrieved him from the floor. Dragging him out of the room.
“Are you alright? Did he hurt you? How do you feel?” Drakon had her in his arms looking her over.
“Yeah, yeah I think so. He didn’t hurt me. He never got the chance, Villie stopped him.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m fine, I’m just a little shook up is all.”
Drakon looked down at the beast at Calynn’s feet, now in the form of a black and white shaggy dog.
“What happened here?” He knew already, at least most of it, but he had to see this through.
“Edme burst in ranting about ‘needing more’. He pulled out a syringe and came at me. I tried to get to the bathroom to lock myself in until someone could come, but that’s when Villie appeared out of nowhere right before you did and latched onto him.”
“And you’re sure that you’re alright?”
“Yeah, I’m sure. He never got near me. Thanks to you and Villie.”
He held her tight, both thankful and furious at himself at the same time. He could feel her pulse, hear her heart and her breathing and she was right. Other than a little unsettled she was fine. He took a minute to place his hand on her abdomen to feel the child within. A wave of relief washed over him to find it resting safe and sound; completely oblivious to the distress going on around it.
“What’s going to happen to him; Dr. Edme?”
Drakon turned to find his father had gone, replaced by a very worried Millie. “He will never touch you again, that I promise.” He kissed her gently. “I have to go, but I’ll be back soon. I want you to lay down and rest; no arguments. Millie, I expect you to take care of her. She is not to leave this suite and is to rest.”
“Yes, Master Drakon.”
He kissed her again and left knowing exactly where his father had taken the doctor to put an end to his employment; permanently. He could hear the pathetic little man sniveling and begging all the while. Desperately he tried to convince Sir Drake to listen to reason, but with every attempt to validate his actions, to raise his progress and standing with his experiments it only served to dig his own grave deeper and deeper.
His father would never have let him live after such a stunt. Had he taken it like a man he may have had a little mercy and made it quick, but no; now he would suffer and every excuse he gave only managed to lengthen the amount of torment he would endure. Drakon entered the subterranean room he knew the doctor would be in. It was hardly soundproofed for their kind, but his father wouldn’t want Calynn overhearing the tortured cries that would soon be spilling from Edme.
“You disappoint me Edme. After all the decades, all the centuries of service to this family you have betrayed me.”
“No! No I haven’t, I’m so close you just don’t understand…”
“Silence! Your service is no longer required Dr. Edme.”
“No please, please… I…”
“Father?” Drakon stepped to his side ready to end the man’s life himself.
“No Drakon. I know what you shall ask, but the doctor here is of my staff and therefore my responsibility. Something to remember when you become the head of your own house. You may however find it profitable to stay.” And he turned back to the doctor who had been bound, bare chested to the ceiling by leather straps around his wrists, his toes barely brushing the floor. Only the solid wall behind him keeping him from spinning as he thrashed.
“How shall I kill you Edme? Shall I pull your head from your shoulders? Tear out your heart as you watch, your eyes diming as it beats its last? Slash that lying throat of yours or maybe rip it out completely, ending those pathetic pleas of yours? Maybe I should twist your head backwards slowly as every bone breaks one by one?”
The doctor’s eyes were wide with fear and he stumbled one word of mercy over the other as his master calmly removed his coat and rolled up the sleeves of his shirt.
“I take into consideration your years of faithful service or I’d spend the next two weeks slowly draining every drop of blood from your body, but you have disobeyed my orders, my direct orders and attacked a member of the House of Drake and my family. A member of my family that is carrying my grandchild and for that I show you no mercy.”
Drakon watched as his father sank his inverted hands into the doctor’s gut, grabbed ahold of his ribcage and began to pull. Screams of agony immediately filled the room, but no one, not even the servants that waited in the back flinched. Sir Drake held the man’s ribs at the edge of the breaking point before easing up the tiniest bit for a moment of reprieve, then pulled again. Over and over he stretched Edme’s skeletal frame, giving him just a hint of relief until one by one he began to snap his bones.
He could have kept him awake and alert for days, but he had no interest in wasting that kind of time on a disappointment. When the doctor finally went unconscious from the pain Drake walked away. Wiping his hands on a nearby towel he gave orders to the waiting servants. “Drain him, the doctor will be of service to this family one final time after all.” And both father and son silently left the room, it was over.
Chapter Forty
A light snow had begun to fall as Drakon set her down on the steps of what was to be her new home in a few short weeks and she couldn’t help but gasp. “Drakon this isn’t a house it’s a castle!”
“What would you expect?”
“Something normal!”
“Normal? Have you met our family?”
“Yes, but a castle? It’s a freakin’ castle Drakon!”
“It was our family home for quite some time, long before we ever moved to the Americas and now it is our home. It’s only right that my queen, my empress, live in a castle isn’t it?”
She couldn’t speak. Her heart was in her throat and the only thought that popped in her head was, ‘I hope I can get use to the cold’, when she felt the strong arms of Drakon wrap around her from behind. His breath warming her neck and she forgot all about the chill and the snow.
“Ready for the grand tour?”
“Is it safe?”
He chuckled, “Unquestionably, I’ve taken care of everything and my parents won’t be here for another hour for dinner.”
“Dinner?”
“Don’t worry it’s already been arranged. You’re not expected to do anything while we’re here.”
“Good. What about the staff?”
“The only thing they’ll see is two people deeply in love, barely able to keep their hands off each other. If it’s something like we talked about there’s plenty of places we can disappear to.”
“Not out here I hope!”
He laughed again, “No, there have been many renovations over the centuries and many hidden places within the house that no one remembers anymore, not even my father. Now let’s get inside before you freeze.”
“I’m quite warm right here.”
“Yes, but holding you this close is a bit distracting and no amount of procrastination is going to make it any easier.”
“Right, like a Band-Aid.”
“A what?”
“Come on let’s get this over with.”
There was no way to take her through the entire house. She was perfectly accurate when she compared the villa to a castle and she had been through enough over the past few days without tiring her even more. He explained its remote location, showing her a tapestry of the grounds that seemed to go on forever. To this day the estate was still mostly hidden from the world through the vast forest. Its situation in the mountains and the connections of the family all kept it virtually unknown.
There was a helipad for supplies next to the small airstrip for the private jets that brought in the servants that couldn’t travel like they could, or his parents who preferred luxury more often than their own speed. They were both hidden as well as the road that wound its way through multiple check points down to the town. She was at the top of the world, virtually cut off from it in a palace that held more servants than her high school senior class and it made her very nervous.
‘How am I going to do this? I’m going to need a map just to find my way around let alone run this place.’
“You’ll be fine Calynn, no one expects you to walk into the role my mother has played. Besides you’ll have me, I’ll be your map.”
“What? How did you…?” She stopped dead in her tracks. “How did you do that?”
“Do what?”
She looked around them warily checking for anyone that might overhear and dropped her voice to a whisper. “Know what I was thinking?”
He wasn’t expecting to have to use the secret passages so soon, but this was nothing to leave to chance. Under the guise of showing her around he wound his way to a hidden corner and the room behind, closing them safely in.
All was quiet, dark and dusty. “Drakon what’s…”
“Shhhh, just a minute.”
‘Calynn.’
Nothing
‘Calynn.’
Nothing.
‘Calynn!’
“What?”
“You heard me?”
“Of course I heard you, you’re standing right there and practically yelled my name.”
“How many times?”
“What?”
“How many times did I say your name?”
“One why?”
“Calynn I didn’t say anything.”
“What do you mean ‘you didn’t say anything’?”
“You know exactly what I mean. Just like you never said anything about a map, did you?”
“No… you mean you… we? How? I thought you said that takes decades to develop? How could it start all of a sudden like this?”
“I don’t know.” Both grew silent, stunned at this newest development. “Unless it hasn’t.”
“You think we’ve been doing it all along, kind of like how I can always sense when you’re near.”
“Something like that. It must be the Valdi side coming through or else we never would have been able to communicate like that and it can’t be too strong yet. I said your name three times before you heard it and that last time I had to yell.”
“I know, but how can you pick up on me so easily?”
“I’ve been doing this a lot longer than you have or have you forgotten already?”
“Excuse me for forgetting that there’s such a vast difference between us for a minute.”
“I didn’t mean it like that Calynn.”
“I know, I’m sorry I’m just a like freaked out that’s all.”
“Don’t be, this is great, don’t you see if we can develop this it can only be to our advantage. No more having to sneak around to find a secure place to talk.”
“True, and no more worrying if you can hear me when I need you right?”
“Right, the more we focus the further we can be from each other and still communicate. Come on let’s practice.”
“Here? Won’t we be missed?”
“No, not here you’re right. Being absent too long would cause alarm, I mustn’t lose focus.” He raised her hand to his lips and kissed it, she had saved him once again. “How about this? We carry on a discourse and answer with thought, repeating what the other said to confirm, understand?”
“I think so. That will be a lot of echoing each other, are you sure you won’t get irritated after a while? You don’t strike me as the kind of guy who likes to repeat himself once let alone over and over.”
“Normally no you’re right about that, but one thing I’ve learned is when you’re working to develop any ability comfort is usually the first thing to go.”
“Preaching to the choir.”
He tilted his head.
“Free trial weekend at the gym, went a little overboard.”
He still looked confused.
“Never mind, must be nice.” The last part was said under her breath, but he could have heard it on the other side of the estate. 
For the rest of the night they practiced sending each other messages and trying to hold conversations without saying a word out loud. The bond wasn’t exactly strong and many times it was more like whispers or impressions, but the more they concentrated, the more they worked together the stronger it became. At first Calynn was afraid she’d get on his nerves, but the two found it was more like a game between them and the secret smiles and quick glances did not go unnoticed. To their relief, they were thought to be nothing more than a flirtatious couple by his parents. They had chosen to fly in with all of the personal servants in tow, just as Drakon had predicted, only moments before dinner was to be served.
Dinner was similar to the first one, full of plans, facts, histories and more. She was much more relaxed this time around as Lady Anula went on and on about the place, the staff and the upcoming wedding arrangements while Millie took copious notes in the background. More than once she sent Drakon a telepathic comment that, had he not been an expert in hiding all emotion, would have sent him coughing into his napkin to hide his amusement. Sometimes he’d come back with something just as funny or charming in that way of his. Other times, nothing; either because he was involved with a very in-depth discussion with his father about the villa or because the link still wasn’t strong enough. Although one time she did choke on her water when he made a reference to the droning on of his mother and an ancient form of torture.
When they finally excused themselves for the night Calynn found herself alone in a bed the size of a small swimming pool, while Drakon went over more plans with his father, walking the halls and talking with the servants. Strangely enough she couldn’t sleep without him next to her. She’d never had that happen before. It scared her how dependent on him she’d become, but she gave herself a little slack considering she was in the mountains of a foreign country at the mercy of everyone and everything around her. So, if she was a little nervous, hey who wouldn’t be? As a distraction, she busied herself with the notes that Millie had been taking throughout the night and all the ones she had taken on the plane trip in. It was nearly sunrise when Drakon appeared out of nowhere. At least that’s what it seemed, but he still couldn’t startle her. Somehow, whether it was their bond or her own developing abilities she could tell where he was all over the house. He stripped down and slid into the bed beside her drawing her close.
“Why aren’t you asleep?”
“I missed you.”
“You’d miss me less if you were asleep right now.”
“Can’t argue with you there.”
“No, but knowing you you’d at least try.”
“I should smack you for that, but I’m too tired.”
“Thank you for making my point for me.”
“You’re so asking for it.”
“Maybe I’m am. Now hush.” He whispered in her ear before picking up the book on the night stand and opening it to the last place she’d left off and began reading to her. His voice was soft and smooth and washed over every inch of her and she couldn’t help but wonder in the seconds right before she fell asleep if he was using one of his powers to put her out. If so she didn’t care in the least. Hopefully no one would mind if she slept well into the afternoon. 
No one did and no one woke her. Drakon was gone, but that wasn’t unusual. His father was flying out later that day and they probably had more things to discuss. Plus, she had the rest of the day scheduled with his mother about the staff and furniture.
Everything she’d adored from the warehouse had already been delivered and they were to go room by room deciding what should go and what should stay. For that she needed a lot of caffeine, too bad they had her on restriction when it came to stimulants. Maybe she could convince Millie to break the rules this once. This was to be her house and her servants after all, they should start listening to her even if she felt uncomfortable ordering them around. That was the one part of her role she hated the most, and the one that made her feel the worst. Looking down on anyone just felt wrong, and the whole us/them thing left a bad taste in her soul.
Thankfully ‘Mother Anula’ found it a little more taxing to actually go through all the details of being mistress of the house and had quite a bit of her ‘tips for being a lady’ relayed via her personal servant Lana. She hadn’t had this many notes to go through since she was in school and it looked like class was back in session. At least his mother was leaving the next day for some arrangements dealing with the ceremony and reception. 
A shiver ran through her before she could stop it. She couldn’t think about that now, after today she and Drakon would have the rest of the week by themselves before heading back home. Strange how she thought of the mansion like that, but at the moment, it was the closest thing she had.
Calynn looked around the room that was nearly twice the size of her entire apartment before all this and even dwarfed her place back at the estate. At least that’s what it appeared like anyway and this was only one of the guest suites. Her and Drakon’s master was under renovation along with the nursery and in a little over a month she’d be calling this massive place home. At the moment, she felt more like when she’d visit her Aunt Sandy who had a large colonial house on a horse farm. Her Aunt would always tell her to ‘make herself at home’ but it never felt that way no matter how much time she spent there. She was almost afraid to touch anything regardless that everything here was hers now, or would be soon enough. 
Now she really felt like a fish out of water. In any other respect, it would be like a movie. A country girl from a small town becomes mistress of a castle in Switzerland, living in the lap of luxury and married to… what exactly? She didn’t want to think about it. Not now. Not here, but the thought stuck in her mind before she could stop it. She was marrying a murderer; a serial killer if you wanted to get technical. He’s killed at least twenty-one people and that’s just the ones he’s admitted to. Who knows how many people he’s murdered in his lifetime? Her body began to shake uncontrollably. No, she wouldn’t think like that. She couldn’t. Not now; not ever. It wasn’t like that anymore. The world wasn’t as black and white now and whether she liked it or not she was linked to him forever. He was what he was and there was no changing that; ever. 
Could she do it? Could she kill someone if her life or the life of her child depended on it? She had no doubt Drakon would. He’d already seen to the demise of Dr. Edme and even though she was glad to see him go she wasn’t thrilled that a life had been lost. How many more might suffer before they were free? She hated to admit that it made her feel safe and protected to know he would go to any means for her.
She looked down at the ring on her finger that seemed to catch the light even in the dark. She loved him, even if her mind screamed at her that she was in way over her head she couldn’t help but love him.
‘I love you too Calynn. More than all the stars in the sky, all the sand on the earth, and all the snow that has ever fallen since the beginning of time.’
She could hear his voice as if he was beside her and in that instant she wanted nothing more than to feel him holding her. To be in his arms where everything was peaceful, the world was normal, and only they existed. She’d have to watch doing that, it could get her into trouble, especially since he was much better at it than she was. She had no doubt he’d take full advantage of it, in the best way of course, but still she didn’t want him ‘hearing’ everything she was feeling or thinking. He was good enough at it as it was and it was bad enough she was now on camera everywhere she went, privacy had become a hot commodity of late.
She stretched and got out of bed wondering what to wear for a day of castle decorating when she spotted a large piece of paper tacked to the door. She unfolded it to find a map of the place with the words ‘you are here’ in Drakon’s hand writing with an arrow pointing to their room trailed by dashes that led to another spot that read ‘meet me here 4 o’clock’. She grinned and quickly changed her clothes for a day of palace walking just as Millie entered with her breakfast tray. Some things never change, even in the snowcapped mountains of Switzerland breakfast was served right on time. 
Other than a quick rendezvous in the solarium, which Calynn quickly decided was her favorite place in the entire house, she didn’t see him again until the three of them had dinner together before his mother left. By then she was completely exhausted. She never knew acting superior could be so tiring, but everything went smoothly and Lady Anula left for parts unknown pleased with the progress they were making. Nothing like teaching someone how to be a pompous snob to make you feel good she guessed. 
Finally, the two were alone in the house. Well… if you didn’t count the servants, the security team and everyone on the other side of the monitors watching them and she realized she was suddenly very anxious about it. Drakon had pulled some sort of trick with the microphones in their room to where anyone listening in could only hear the music he’d started and he’d assured her that no one could see or hear them. They’d been alone before sure, but only for a few moments here and there. This was nearly a week of them and only them all day… and night. She walked to the closet full of things just for her as Drakon finished giving instructions to his personal servant and closed the door, and wondered if she should put on something special just for him. She noticed her pulse quicken and felt a flush all over.
“Calynn?”
She actually jumped when he appeared behind her.
“Calynn,” he slipped his hands up her arms keeping his voice low. She could feel his breath on her cheek and she closed her eyes sinking back into him. He cleared his voice a little, straining to keep himself in check.
“Do me one favor please?”
“Hmm?”
“Don’t make it too difficult on me?” He lowered and kissed her neck gently, keeping his lips pressed against her skin as he talked sending chills throughout her body. “The only things that’ve kept me under control is my promise to you, the lack of privacy, and the work I’ve had to do. Now two of those diversions have been removed and I’m finding it rather difficult to hold onto my desire. Denial of what I’ve truly wanted has never been one of my strengths.”
Her voice was soft, but she knew what she wanted. “You don’t have to you know. You’re not the only one.”
He kissed her again. “I know, but I also know that you’re tired and you feel uncomfortable here. I don’t want that for you, for us. I don’t just want your body Calynn, I want every part of you and that includes your mind. I don’t want it wondering if someone is listening or watching or preoccupied in any way. I want all of you and if I have to wait for that moment I will.” 
“You could make me forget.” She reached her hand up and dug it into his hair and he breathed heavily.
“Is that really what you want?”
“Sometimes, yes.”
He turned her around to look at him, taking her chin in his hand tracing every inch of her face in his mind. “I want to give you everything. The last time I gave into you, into my desire for you it saved both our lives, but I also thought our time was short. Now I know that I’ll have you for the rest of eternity and call me selfish, but I want more. Besides I promised, no more mind tricks. Or did you forget?”
She bent her head. He was right, she was distracted and using him as a way to forget her uneasiness wouldn’t be fair to either of them. They spent the night and each night while they were there pretty much the same way as the one before, with Drakon lulling her to sleep with his soft tones and the words of Homer’s Iliad. 
Chapter Forty-One
They returned from Switzerland even closer than when they’d left and with better control of their telepathic link. All traces of Dr. Edme had been wiped from the mansion and the midwife that Drakon and Calynn had chosen to accompany them overseas continued on comfortably. The next couple of weeks they settled into somewhat of a routine. Drakon took care of choosing their trusted staff and monitoring his father and Rais. While Calynn spent time taking lessons on running a large house, looking over decorating and reception plans and doing fittings for Delphine whenever the mood struck her. 
Devilicus had become her constant companion, never leaving her side even when she was in the house. He’d become inconsolable and irritable while she was gone and by the end of the week both his parents had decided to make a present of him to Calynn. Once a bond is formed between familiar and master only death can sever it and sometimes for the most dedicated animal, not even then. Many times, a familiar has been known to lay at the resting place of the deceased and simply let go of life; unless the animal had been charged to look after another. After the doctor had attacked Calynn something snapped in him and whatever bond they had been forming on their own was enough to push Devilicus into full devotion to her. He only left her side to relieve himself and usually he waited until she was with Drakon to even do that. No one came close to her without his approval and had Rais or Ivan come anywhere near her he would have bared his teeth at them for the first time in his existence. He slept at the foot of her bed, had to be fed in her suite, and until she gave him a direct order he even followed her into the bathroom. It soon became evident that he was acting on his own attachment to Calynn and her orders; no longer to Sir Drake’s. The only other person that could control him in any way was Drakon, but even Drakon could tell that if he did anything to harm Calynn in any way that would end and he would no longer have any sway with the beast.
His father took it as a sign of Calynn’s worthiness and her strength as a Valdi heir and happily handed over his prized familiar to her. For Drakon this wasn’t an issue, it only served as another barrier of protection for Calynn and over the next few weeks he became an invaluable addition to their conspiracy. Within days of Devilicus’ constant attention the pair discover he had the ability to sense when things were ‘off’ with Calynn. Much like when a regular dog can sense when its master was ill or about to have a seizure, Devilicus could detect when she was accessing one of her growing powers. Her senses had begun to heighten at an alarming rate from her eyesight, to her hearing, her sense of smell and even her intuition. 
She no longer had to guess what was related to her pregnancy and wasn’t. Devilicus or Villie as she called him, would walk right beside her and sit, laying his head on her leg or nose her hand if she was unsure or uneasy and she’d know. It was the best present his parents could have given her. Now she could be with his mother, sisters, or any of them and not have to worry about showing any ability. Villie never failed to alert her when a power was about to kick in and she could quickly cover with an excuse of being tired or something pregnancy related. She was much more relaxed and when another new ability surfaced she was able to take it in stride.
Devilicus as it turned out, wasn’t the only animal that obeyed her. At first she thought it was just his presence at her side that was doing it, but she soon realized that she could control all of the dogs on the property. Though not just the dogs, but the birds and small woodland creatures as well. She giggled excitedly as a squirrel ran over her shoulders and buried itself in her hair. Wincing as its sharp claws pierced through her jacket while Devilicus sat nearby tilting his head in curiosity. Drakon smiled as he leaned against a tree watching her. These instances of happiness that she could find in amongst so much stress and organized chaos pleased him. Soon he’d be able to take her away from his family and she could be free to do anything she wished.
She was so amazing to him, Valdi or not it didn’t matter one way or the other. The only thing it meant was that he would be able to keep her forever and at this point he didn’t think he’d ever be able to let go, even if she decided she never wanted to see him again. He’d always be there, watching over her. Stalkerish he knew, but she was the most radiant creature that had ever lived and he was drawn to her like Icarus was to the sun and he didn’t care a bit if he burned. How had he changed so much? It was only a few short months ago that humans were nothing to him. Less than nothing actually. True, he had never delighted in the butchery as many of the others in his family, but he still had no affection for the race as a whole. His kills had been necessary on some level. A means to an end. He didn’t care about them, their pain, their fear, their family or their lives. They were nothing but another animal to feed off of, but now… now… everything was different. He was different. For over two hundred and fifty years he had led the privileged, selfish life of Drake royalty and in one instant he was a completely different man. Well… maybe not completely different. He would kill again without a second thought, as many as it would take. He would pull them apart and make them suffer, if his Calynn was in danger. Or his child. He would revel in the suffering of those that deigned to take or harm what was his. Yes, he was still a monster. Just one whose priorities has shifted.
 If she hadn’t astonished him before, she would now. Her mastery of her new-found powers simply took his breath away and out of all of them this one she seemed to love the most, so he was content to watch her as long as she’d let him.
The weather had turned warm again and they were taking advantage to get out of the house while they could. Plus, it gave them time to work on her powers that were growing more and more every day and he was finding he enjoyed it much more than he’d anticipated. All those decades of honing his own skill made him an excellent teacher. Somehow seeing them come alive in Calynn’s eyes made it fresh and new to him all over again and it made him even more excited for the birth of his child. If it was this enjoyable teaching her he could only imagine what it would be like to train his own children who would have no fear or worry to contend with. She had already given him so much and as he watched her smile and laugh every cell inside him flamed. Yes, he was positive, he was going to burn, but he wouldn’t have it any other way.
More animals joined in and finally she looked up at him, birds perched on her arms and said, “Hey look, I’m Snow White!” making him laugh. He wouldn’t tell her that in the original story the evil queen devoured what she thought to be Snow White’s internal organs. They spent the rest of the afternoon hiding out on the bluff while Calynn petted and cuddled every animal that came her way. If only she took this well to every one of the powers that were surfacing, but that wasn’t the case. Three days later another one was triggered and she didn’t take as well to it.
She was tense after a morning of gown fittings with Delphin who was insisting on adding more and more embellishments to the design. It had nearly become a battle between the two of them over the dress. She didn’t know how far she could push Delphine before her sister-to-be’s bad side came out and her own excuse that the focus needs to be minimal was getting old. She could always mention it to Lady Anula, but that didn’t seem like a good idea either. She seemed to be losing interest in having a protégé anyway and it really didn’t hurt Calynn’s feelings any. It was only a ruse to placate the woman and it seemed to work. Once you get the basics down there’s not much difference in running a household than being an office manager. Even less when those under you are indebted to and dependent on you for their very lives. That does seem to simplify things a bit even if she still didn’t like it.
More and more of her time with Lady Anula had become about the ceremony dinner, picking out flower arrangements, place settings and so on. About the only thing she didn’t have much of a choice in were the colors that went along with everything. It was either red, blue, or purple all deep and rich in color. At first it seemed like an odd combination, but the more she looked at it the more it seemed too familiar to her. Then it dawned on her, those were the three colors of the human and animal vascular system. No wonder their kind were drawn to them. After that she tried not to think about it too hard. Instead, she came back to her rooms and slipped into a hot shower and let the stress melt as much as possible.
She would have run every drop of hot water over her back and shoulders if that were possible, but eventually she had to turn it off and rejoin the world. Her and Drakon’s relationship was still in the PG range so she dried her hair and pulled on the softest full-length robe like she’d only dreamed about in her old life. It was warm and comfortable and to be honest she could be content to live in it for the rest of her days. It was a gift from Drakon, mostly to save his sanity and her furniture, but she was more than happy with it.
She made her way to her dressing closet, her faithful familiar right beside her as always and grabbed her favorite pair of jeans and sweater. She was determined to be comfortable after the morning she’d had struggling with Delphine and her designs, but when she tried to button and zip her pants she found they were not as accommodating as usual. She huffed in aggravation and tugged and pulled determined to win the battle of the clothing. Someone must have shrunk the stupid things because they fit not long ago. She continued to dance and wiggle not caring that if or when she did get the things on they would no longer be comfortable.
She had become a mad woman on a mission, ignoring all else including the pacing and nudging of Devilicus. Finally she blew, it was more than she could handle. She danced and stomped her feet stripping out of her jeans, ready to tear them to pieces with her bare hands while crying uncontrollably when something flew past her head. It bounced off the wall with a ting, back out the closet door and landed several feet away in the middle of her bedroom floor.
The pants forgotten she closed her robe and slowly approached the small silver tea spoon laying on the plush carpet. Calynn bent down gingerly reaching out to touch it then changed her mind, part of her fearing it might take off again. She looked up at Drakon who had been sitting at the desk working, her eyes wide.
‘Did that just do what I think it did?’ She looked back down at it like it was a living thing.
‘Yes, it did.’
‘Did you do it?’
‘No.’
‘How’s that possible?’
‘I don’t know.’ But his reply was less convincing and more questioning. As if he was already working it out in his mind and knew more than he was letting on. ‘What were you doing when this happened?’
‘Nothing, I wasn’t even in here I was getting dressed in the closet.’
He furrowed his brow as Devilicus laid down placing his head in Calynn’s lap looking up at her with a low whimper. She reached down to pet his head wondering what all the fuss was about when realization struck her and her pulse instantly sped up. They stared at each other and Drakon nodded, she knew what she had to do. She looked back to the spoon and focused on it, shutting everything else out. Her heart fluttered in her chest like a frantic caged bird and the idea that she was responsible for its flight across the room was terrifying. The seconds turned into minutes with nothing happening and she was ready to give up when, without warning, the thing wiggled and spun around slowly. She fell backwards landing on her butt looking at Drakon in disbelief.
‘Is this… normal?’
He bent down to her holding her close.
‘No, only the elders and heads of the families have that ability and it usually takes centuries to develop.’ He wasn’t one for sugar coating things.
‘Then how?’
‘My father once told me that the Valdi line was so strong that even their servants had the power to control the forces around them.’
‘Drakon; what kind of monster am I turning into?’
He took her face in his hand staring deep into her eyes. ‘Now listen to me. You are not a monster and in no way are you turning into one. Do you hear me? You’re the same stubborn, intelligent, amazing woman you were yesterday and the day before that and the day before that. All the way back to before you came here. It’s simply one more power that is awakening within you and I can think of no better person to have it than you. You just need to learn how to wield it like any other weapon. Understand?’
She nodded slightly. She wasn’t all that convinced, but she wanted to believe him more than anything else; especially right now. He drew her closer, holding her tightly and wishing with everything in him that he could make all her fears and worries disappear. She didn’t deserve any of this, but he meant what he said. Out of every human he’d ever come across she’s the one that could master these skills without them destroying her. He looked over his shoulder at the setting sun and made up his mind.
“Come on, we could use some alone time. You get dressed, nothing too warm and I’ll inform Millie we’ll not be needing her tonight.”
They left everything as it was, the spoon, her clothes, even Devilicus; who though he wasn’t pleased, reluctantly accepted Drakon taking his mistress away. It grew warm and soon the familiar sounds of waves and frogs hit her and she was standing in the moonlight on the edge of a familiar lagoon. Without a word she rolled up her pants legs, kicked off her shoes and sat on the sandy rock edge, dipping her feet into the warm water. He didn’t need an invitation this time. He sat on the edge facing her, his back to the water and wrapped his arm around her waist, her head resting on his shoulder. No one said anything, they didn’t need to. It was just the two of them, the rushing water from the waterfall and the creatures that sang in the night. Nothing else mattered.
At least that was his intention, but as the moments ticked by he could feel the worry surge like the surf beyond as Calynn’s thoughts plagued her. He gently stroked her back with his fingertips and hummed a tune from centuries ago almost as much for himself as for her. The breeze may have brought the odors of the entire island and ocean beyond, but all he could smell was her, her shampoo, the salt of her tears, her blood. He could feel her heat radiating into him, her throbbing pulse calling to him. He could replay every second of their night here not so long ago as if he were reliving it, but he couldn’t let himself indulge. She was hurting and he had to do something about it. That’s what he had to concentrate on, but how?
He hadn’t expected it, but he found his own anger welling in him and he wanted to tear something apart just as he felt his own heart aching for her pain. Before meeting Calynn he’d never felt physical discomfort over anyone or anything else. Even if one of his own family had been wronged all he would have felt was outrage over the slight and nothing for his kin personally. It was that way with all their kind, but with her everything was different and it was frightening. His concern and empathy was so foreign that it would quickly turn to anger, add to it his feeling of helplessness and you had a dangerously explosive cocktail. What could he do to stop it, to ease her suffering? He’d do anything to save her from her own torment. He struggled to keep his temper in check, desperate that he not show the beast that grew inside him.
“I don’t know if I can do this Drakon. So much is going on all at once I feel like I’m being pulled apart and being pregnant isn’t helping. The hormones I mean, it’s like I’m not myself and I can feel bits of me slipping away each time something happens.” She took a deep breath. “When it rains it pours.” 
She grew quiet again, but only briefly. “I don’t know how much more I can handle, but I’m not giving up. It’s either fight or give in and we both know that I’m way to stubborn to ever give in, so I guess I’m stuck with fighting. At least I have you, and this.” She looked around the lagoon and tried to smile, but it was a pathetic attempt at best.
“This isn’t working, for either of us. It’s time we do something ‘normal’. Let’s see, we’ve gone to dinner, we’ve gone dancing, had coffee, how about…?” He stood up pulling her with him. “I know just the thing.”
Before she knew it, she was sitting in a darkened theater somewhere in Texas. She wasn’t sure what town, but one thing about Texas was that no matter where you were you knew when you were in Texas. He was right, this was just the thing. With a bucket of popcorn and the largest soda she’d been allowed to have since stumbling head first into this new life it was the epitome of normal. She leaned into him, his arm protectively around her shoulders and laughed at the antics on the screen. Maybe she could do this, at least until the next issue reared its ugly head, but she wouldn’t think about that now. No, for now she was normal again. For now life made sense and monsters only existed in books and movies.
Chapter Forty-Two
It was only one week until the ceremony. One week until Calynn was surrounded by a mansion full of bloodthirsty creatures masquerading as humans. Though no new powers had surfaced and her time with both Lady Anula and Delphine had dropped to near nothing Drakon could still feel the growing apprehension she tried so hard to hide. Tonight, he hoped would ease all that. He knew nothing could take it away completely and until the adrenaline wore off when they were finally back at the villa she would always have it somewhere on her mind. She was keeping it together quite impressively, even with the pregnancy playing with her emotions, but that wasn’t the point. The point was to fill her life with distraction and wonder, to detract from the storm clouds in her mind.
He’d gotten the idea from the movie they’d watched at the theater shortly before and had been working out the logistics ever since. It would take some precise movements and push his own powers to the limit, but he was finding he’d do that and more for the woman that owned his own soul. He had her napping all day, at first she’d rolled her eyes and began to argue, but when he informed her that they would not be stopping their adventure until the sun was up she agreed. He woke her an hour just before sunset so she could eat and dress, then as with every excursion, he lifted her into his arms and leapt to the ground in the fading light and disappeared. 
When he set her down again the stones were still wet and the grass and moss that covered the pathways and trails were slick.
“Be careful, it’s the rainy season. I wouldn’t want you to tumble head first through these ruins.”
She looked around, her eyes still adjusting to the forms and structures around her. “Where are we?”
“The ancient city of Machu Picchu.”
She looked around, testing her footing and trailing her fingers over the rough wet stones. “Where is everybody?”
“They close the gates at six, but for us the doors are always open.”
“You mean we’re trespassing?”
“Only if they catch us and I guarantee you they never will.”
“Cocky much?”
He smiled then directed her attention to the sky. “Calynn, look up.”
The clouds parted and drifted away revealing the masterpiece above and her eyes widened as she gasped with awe. He couldn’t have planned it any more perfect than this and had he been given the power over the very elements he would have done just the same.
“Drakon it’s… breath taking.” It was the most wondrous sight she’d ever seen. The stars from the mountains in Switzerland were amazing, but nothing like this. This was magnificent, as if a master painter had put his entire soul into the canvas that was the night sky. The stars didn’t just form warriors, heroes and animals, but a light show of diamonds and colors of an entire galaxy. She didn’t know whether she wanted to laugh or cry or both when she was interrupted by a brilliant flash of light.
“What was that?” nearly blinded she blinked to find Drakon standing with a cell phone taking pictures of her and her mouth dropped open. “You’ve got to be kidding me!”
If she thought that was something nothing prepared her for what he did next. He walked up beside her, placed an arm around her, beamed and took a photo of the two of them together. Calynn was flabbergasted.
“Did you just take a selfie?”
“My very first. What do you think?” He turned the screen to show her and she burst into laughter that rolled through the ruins like a ghost in the night. “I may not fawn over these devices like Maximilien, but I don’t avoid them and their usefulness and tonight we’re going to find it very useful.”
She sobered up a little, her curiosity in full throttle. “Is that so?”
“Oh yes, this is merely the first stop on the tour.”
“Where are we going?”
“Around the world Calynn, around the world. We are going to set foot on every continent and record it with this.” He waved his phone.
“Every continent?”
“All except Antarctica that is. You seem to have an aversion to the cold, but if you like we can make a detour.”
“No no.” She flung her hands up, “I’m perfectly happy with six out of seven, no need on my account.”
He chuckled, everything was going perfectly. “Then shall we move on before your laughter starts rumors of a spirit that roams the lost ruins.”
“Lead the way, but I don’t think they’d mind.”
He pulled her into his arms ready to take off, “Mind what?”
“Another ghost sighting, brings in more tourists.”
He shook his head and the two were off just as the sky clouded and the rain began to fall once more. When he sat her down again she could feel the tickling of grass up to her knees and the stars were so bright and numerous they looked like a swarm of billions of fireflies. It was still warm and much drier than where they came from, instead of the smell of fresh rain and cool grass the breeze carried the smell of dusty earth and animals. It was difficult to see in the waning moon, but she thought they were somewhere in Africa by the looks of a nearby acacia tree. The roar of a lion in the not so distant night nearly made her jump back into Drakon’s arms and removed all doubt as to where they were.
“I thought you were the animal lover?”
“Not when I’m on the menu.”
“You can control them remember.”
“That’s the dogs at the mansion and small things in the woods not a lion Drakon!” She realized she was raising her voice and struggled to keep it low and off the radar of any hungry felines nearby.
“Do you think I would bring you here if you were in any danger?”
“Well…”
“Just watch.”
Soon a lioness emerged from a tall patch of savanna grass and padded up to them. Lean and powerful, she walked right in front of Drakon then lowered her head allowing him to pet her.
“They know another predator. Just as the wildebeests can sense them and know to run, they can sense me. At the moment, we have a bit of an understanding since she does not feel threatened.”
“Can everyone do this, communicate with animals?”
“Not as much now. Controlling animals used to be common among our race which is why you can do it so easily, but it has fallen out of practice. It was once viewed as conquering the beasts and was a matter of pride with my kind. It brought them fear from the humans and awe at their power as well, but has long since been delegated to a sideshow act by most. I’ve been crafting my skill for decades, these animals have more honor than most of the whole of mankind.” With a turn of his hand the big cat sat on her haunches and he knelt beside her scratching behind her ears.
“Come on, it’s perfectly safe. She will not harm you.”
Calynn slowly lowered herself beside the feline and placed a tentative hand on her head. When she found she still had all of her digits she began to stroke the animal in wonder then gasped as the lioness gave her other hand a gentle lick and laid her head in her lap. She couldn’t believe she was doing this, it was every animal lovers’ dream. She could have stayed there the rest of the night, but there was much more to see. Drakon took a picture of the two of them with the big cat and then they were off again taking pictures in front of the famous Australian Opera House. Then to an ornate garden on the grounds of the Potala Palace in Tibet, but that wasn’t all. They stopped in Northern Ireland at a place called Giant’s Causeway where each stone was a geometric marvel, next she was standing in a heather field in Scotland and finally she was on the sandy beach of the Atlantic back in the states. The ocean breeze was cool no doubt but it was far from cold and she guessed they must be somewhere in the deep south in the same Indian summer that they were having back at the mansion. Drakon walked up behind her and pulled her into his arms.
“That was absolutely amazing. What time is it?”
“A little after one.”
“Wow, all that and it’s barely one a.m.?”
“I hope you’re not tired.” She turned to look up at him from the side giving him a questioning look. “Because we’re not done yet, not by half.”
The rest of the night they spent moving up and down the US taking a photo of the two of them at each of the ‘Welcome To…’ state signs. Hugging, kissing, sticking out their tongues, whatever she wanted to do he was there. At two hundred and fifty-two years old, he had done more things for the first time since meeting Calynn than he ever thought existed and he was; dare he admit it, having fun. It ended, sitting in tandem on the beach in Hawaii minutes before sunrise, Calynn’s mind swimming with the events of the night.
“Now what? It’s too late to go back, do we keep heading west?”
“We stay here.”
“On the beach?”
“If you want to, but I find sleeping on the beach quite uncomfortable. Come on I know a place.”
They made their way across the islands until they reached La¬-n̄a'i and he checked them into a resort. When he said he knew a place she was figuring on a little island hut or something. Not a grand resort that would probably take three months’ pay for just one weekend, but when she entered the suite she found she was too tired to gawk at one more thing falling asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.
*****
Calynn stretched and rolled over and over in the massive bed looking for the clock. The room was dark and she wondered if she’d slept all day long when she noticed it was only a little after three in the afternoon. There was a slight hum and the heavy blinds slowly began to retract, revealing a bright blue day outside stretching over a bright blue ocean. Drakon stepped in from the veranda and she was more than happy to see him.
“I thought it may have all been a dream.”
“A good one I hope.”
She smiled and stretched again, mimicking a cat.
“I thought after we had brunch I’d show you around the island.”
“Great. I’m starving. Do you think they serve lobster here? That salty air is making me crave seafood.”
“They will serve anything, any way you want it.”
She wasn’t kidding about being hungry. She devoured every bit of food on her plate and after a shower and a change of clothes she felt like a new woman.
“Do I need to have these flown back to the house?” He was holding her underwear, a mischievous grin on his face. She smacked him and he played keep away with her undergarments while she stood on tip toes and jumped in a fruitless effort to retrieve them. He snaked his arm around her back pressing her against him and for a time they froze, staring intensely at each other. Both their hearts pounding.
“Maybe you should give me that tour while we still have a chance of leaving this room.”
He breathed deep, “I think that’s a wise idea.” 
He showed her the island in a way that only he could, sharing its history and that of the other islands around them. Hidden temples, lost trails, and animals few humans have ever seen. With each story she wanted to search it out. To see what many never knew existed, but in the end, she settled for shaved ice and watching the sunset behind the surf leaning against one another on the shore.
“Only a week to go.”
“Regretting your decision are we?”
“Not on your life bub, I’m just worried one of your siblings is going to find a way to screw things up. You have been keeping an eye on them, right?”
“Both eyes actually and you have nothing to worry about.”
“Really? Are you sure?”
“Maximilien is competing in an underground X-games in Spain. Ilse is in Finland digging up something on one of the candidates in the presidential election there. Rais is building his harem in an attempt to sire his own child and Ivan… well trust me you don’t want to know, but he’s … occupied. As long as it’s not him that father has matched he prefers to stay out of the way. I think he’s seriously worried that in an effort to increase the number of offspring father will get it into his head to marry off all of his sons and he’s determined to keep a low profile at the moment. As I said not to worry, none of them or their servants have come close to the villa.”
She nodded and let out a sigh letting her mind rest with the sounds of the birds and the crashing of the waves, stretching this day out as long as she could. Then as the stars began to wake in the night they headed back to the estate, counting down the days until they were free.
Chapter Forty-Three
Calynn was still glowing from their adventure around the world, but it was two days until the joining ceremony and the celebration after and Drakon wasn’t taking any chances. He’d been planning this day for weeks, since the day Calynn had told him that she loved him. Every detail had been planned and all the arrangements had been made. He made sure she had the day before all to herself to rest and he’d informed his parents that he would be taking her away and they would not return until the nightfall of the ceremony. He wanted to put as much distance between her and the final preparations as possible and he was determined she not be anywhere near the estate when the sacrifices were brought in. His father had had them purified off site to prevent Calynn from having any contact with them even accidentally and with her abilities becoming sharper that was the best decision his father could have made. Devilicus wasn’t happy about the whole thing, but he accepted it as best he could.
It would be sunrise in less than half an hour and it was time to go. The journey would be a long one and time was waning fast.
“Calynn, Calynn it’s time to get up. We need to be leaving. We have to be gone before the sun comes up, unless you can swim across an ocean.” She protested, but only a little. He’d told her the night before that he’d been planning something special for them and after the last adventure she wasn’t about to argue. She stretched and put on some clothes and let him carry her away. At least she was able to sleep the four-hour trip west and they arrived just before the sun broke the horizon.
Her senses tingled and were nearly overwhelmed when she looked around her. It was like her favorite spot in the trails back home only a thousand times better. The sound of the water cascading over the rocks echoed through the dense lush greenery all around and she felt as if she had stepped into a tropical paradise. The air was warm for November and everything smelled fresh and clean and wild.
“Where are we?”
“A little place I like to call New Zealand. McClean Falls to be exact.”
“It’s so warm.”
“It’s late spring here.”
She turned to him, a playful grin on her lips and began to unbutton her shirt. No way she was going to miss an opportunity like this, swimming in the falls before any tourists showed up to ruin her perfect moment, but Drakon placed his hands over hers. Stopping her mid-unbutton.
“Not yet, we’re not here for a swim.”
She pouted, but it was only a quick one for show. “Are you taking me on a hike through the jungle or something, because we better end up back here to cool off?”
“Just follow me.”
She took his hand as he led her carefully down streams of flowing water to a part of the falls that were slightly quieter, but even more beautiful as the water spilled step by step down the rock ledges in a spray that danced on the morning air. Calynn began to search the bank for a cabin or any type of dwelling, determined that she never wanted to leave this little piece of Heaven when she noticed two white tents set up not far from the waters’ edge. Her heart sped up, this was it. What better place than at the edge of nirvana, but wait. No that can’t be it, there were two tents. He led her to the smaller of the two structures pulling open the flap to let her through.
It hit her immediately, the dresses, the jewelry, the shoes and all she wanted to do was cry. Drakon stepped behind her, placing his hands on her arms and whispered in her ear.
“Will you do me the honor Calynn Moore, of marrying me, right here right now?”
“Oh, Drakon… I…”
“That’s not the answer I was hoping for.”
She spun and flung her arms around his neck kissing him again and again and again practically screaming yes in her mind. He pulled away, placing his finger on her lips, gently tracing them.
“Then meet me at the waters’ edge when you’re ready.” Then he kissed her once more, he couldn’t resist, before leaving her to finish the preparations he had left.
She couldn’t stop smiling, her wedding day; and actual wedding day. No bloodsuckers… well almost, no fear, and everything laid out was exactly what she would have chosen herself. There were four dresses, a half a dozen pairs of shoes, lingerie, flower bouquets, some light make-up, and more jewels than any woman had any right to. All displayed for her on a vanity and all in assorted styles to choose from and the closer she looked the more she realized that it was what she had chosen. The dresses, the shoes, even the jewelry was all what she had picked out of the magazines his mother had deposited in her room, if it had been his mother.
Tears began to run and she quickly wiped them away, no way she wanted puffy eyes today. She tried on each dress checking the fit in the full-length mirror Drakon had set up for her until she settled on her favorite. Then one by one added her make-up and accessories, sweeping her hair off her neck. She looked at herself in the mirror one last time before taking a deep breath and stepped back into the dappled sunlight, her heart pounding fast and loud. So loud in fact she didn’t notice the music at first, but the strains of violin, cello, and what sounded like a full orchestra drew her to a large flat platform of rock where an arch had been placed, covered in fragrant, blooming wisteria. Beneath it stood a man with short, curly, salt and pepper grey hair and thin round wire framed glasses holding a book in one hand with a tender, knowing smile on his face. She had no idea who the man was, but she knew why he was there.
Before she could blink Drakon was standing in front of her, serious and sexy in his white dress shirt and black slacks. He brought her hand up, kissing her knuckles, but never taking his eyes off hers. 
“As always, you are a vision. An ethereal angel in an ancient forest.” She blushed and looked down, but he stopped by her placing his bent finger under her chin and drawing it back up. “No, no more looking down Calynn.”
She gazed into his eyes and nodded, ready to believe anything was possible now. He offered her his arm and together they nearly glided in time with the music. The song was familiar and it only took two notes for her to know that it was At Last. Her favorite version was by Etta James, only this was played by an orchestra. That alone made her heart swell and her nose sting as the tears threatened her again. It was the first song they had danced to. The very one playing when they admitted it was more than a relationship of survival; it was love.
“Where did you find this song?”
“With enough money and influence you can employ an orchestra to play anything you desire. Now hush, we’re getting married, and may I say I especially like your choice of footwear.”
“Hush we’re getting married.” Were muffled under her breath as she stepped barefoot onto the mossy rock platform feeling the dampness soak into her feet and loving it.
“Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to join these two souls in holy matrimony. To love, honor, and cherish each other all the days of theirs lives. To place each other before themselves, to give not only love and companionship, but guidance and comfort as well. To accept each other as they are and support each other as you grow in life.” He nodded to Drakon.
He looked down and took her hands in his, entwining their fingers together. “Calynn, you are the light in the darkness that I’ve been living in my entire life. You amaze me every day, your strength, your perseverance, your wisdom, and your willingness to follow my seemingly insane ideas. You’ve taught me how to love and how to live and everything else that makes my existence on this earth mean anything. I’ve watched thousands of sunrises and sunsets, but none have anything compared to the ones I’ve seen with you. I watch you sleep and hope to be in your dreams. You invade my every thought, my every hope, my every desire. My one wish is to be the man, the husband, the father you believe I can be.
I know there will be tough times along with the good and that we, along with circumstances both, will test the limits of each other, but I promise to have patience. To forgive and to never give up on you and I beg of you to do the same for me. You are the woman I will walk the ends of the earth for, who owns my very soul. My life is yours now and forever and I will spend eternity loving none but you.”
She tried her best not to cry, but she couldn’t control the tears, she could only hold back the flood. What could she say in return? She was completely unprepared for this, all she could do was be honest. “Drakon, the day I met you I thought my life was over, I had no idea it was just beginning. Thousands of years of history said we should be enemies, but somehow, we found each other and defied even the laws of nature that brought us here. I trust you Drakon. I trust you with my life, my heart, and my…our future.”
“Calynn Moore, do you take this man to be your lawfully married husband? To have and to hold, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health till death do you part?”
She beamed as she said, “I do.”
“And Drakon Drake,”
Calynn arched her eyebrow and he tilted his head barely raising his shoulder to shrug. 
“Do you take this woman to be your lawfully married wife? To have and to hold, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health till death do you part?”
“I do.”
“The rings please.”
Drakon reached into his pocket and pulled free two matching gold and platinum entwined wedding bands holding them up for her to see. “Two precious metals, intertwined to become one ring. Two hearts intertwined to become one life.”
“Drakon if you’ll repeat after me. With this ring, I thee wed.”
He gazed into her eyes, gently sliding the band adding, “with my body I thee honour; with my mind I think on thee, with my heart I love only thee and all my worldly goods with thee I gladly share.”
It was Calynn’s turn, but her voice was shaking with emotion and she was having a hard time remembering what Drakon had said exactly. No doubt she’d make him pay for making her cry, but it was worth it.
“By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride.”
He slid his hand behind her head and drew her close enough that they were breathing each other in, “Forever.” He whispered before pressing his warm lips to hers for as long as he dared. He hated to pull back, to break the kiss. It felt so good, but he’d waited this long a little longer wouldn’t kill him; hopefully.
“Now Mrs. Second Son of the House of Drake, may I have this dance?”
She couldn’t help but laugh as the man beside them furrowed his brow. The words were confusing, but the actions were unmistakable. He watched the two sway to the refrains of what in his view was a lovely song before moving on to sign the marriage certificate set up on a nearby podium.
“I can’t believe you had this song done for me.”
“Why not? Say the word and I’ll have every piece of music you’ve ever enjoyed prepared for you in a live performance if you so desire.”
“You’re going to spoil me.”
“Count on it.”
“Didn’t anyone ever teach you that spoiled things are rotten and should be thrown out because they’re not any good anymore?”
“No and I’ll never give anyone the chance.”
“I hope you don’t hold that view on child rearing.”
“That’s different.”
“How?”
“Because you my angel already know humility, responsibility, and wisdom. I have no worries that you’ll be anything other than the wonderful woman you are at this moment and yes you may smack me for making you tear up.”
“Count on it.”
“Shall we sign the papers and seal this union?”
“Papers? You mean this…?”
“Is not merely for show, it is completely legal and may I add binding. I may not abide by man’s laws, but I want you to know that I am dedicated to you and you alone. No matter under whose mandates we are joined. Also, a wedding is something I’m told most women dream of from their childhood and though you said you were the exception to the rule I wanted something that reflected the two of us. Not my parents or siblings, but us and it’s incredibly difficult to dissolve a marriage between two people if one of them may not even exist. You see, I’ve decided that I’m going to keep you forever Calynn. It has become clear to me that I simply cannot live without you and I didn’t want to make it too easy for you to walk away.”
“If you don’t exist then how can the marriage be legal anyway?”
“I see I’m going to have to watch you every minute.”
“Count on it, now where do I sign?”
They approached the small podium where the officiant was patiently waiting, “Mr. and Mrs. Drake may I be the first to congratulate you.”
“Thank you.”
“Now if you’ll just sign here and here both copies we’ll be ready. Mr. Drake in all my years doing weddings I’ve never seen the Registrar once waive the witness requirement, you must have some connections.”
“I’d say he does.”
Calynn’s remark made the man chuckle and he decided that he instantly liked this couple. “I must say Mr. Drake your vows were quite remarkable. Would you mind if I ‘borrowed’ from them for my future ceremonies?”
“Mr. Goodwin, you have my permission to use anything from today that you can remember for as long as you deem fit.”
Calynn narrowed her eyes at him and he gave her that same slight shrug with his ‘what’ look and she just shook her head.
“Thank you, Mr. Drake and here’s your copy of the marriage certificate Mrs. Drake. I’ll make sure to file this as soon as I get back. Now if you two will excuse me I’ll be heading back now.”
“I’ll walk you out Mr. Goodwin.” He gave his bride a quick peck on the cheek asking her to wait for him that he wouldn’t be long. Then proceeded to escort the man back down the trail to his vehicle. When he returned a short time later he was carrying a folded piece of paper.
“Should I ask?”
“He’ll return home relaxed and refreshed from a nice long drive through the country.”
“And absolutely no memory of the last hour.”
Drakon held up the paper in his hand “I’ll file this myself. I hesitate to leave something as precious and important to me to anyone else.”
Calynn cracked up.
“Am I missing something?”
“You are without a doubt the best thing ever.”
“I’ll remember you said that Mrs. Drake.”
“So, it is legal, even with those names? I mean, I am dead, right?”
“They don’t know that. According to their records you are alive and well. Maybe not the same Calynn Moore as you were, but yes this is all completely legal and as I said binding, my lady.”
“Oh it’s ‘my lady’ now is it?”
“You know that already. I told you that before, it shouldn’t be a surprise.”
“Yeah, I know, but it doesn’t sound right.”
He drew her close, his breath tickling her skin, “It does to me, and no one but you could ever come close.”
Every part of her tingled and she knew what she wanted. “Shall we go somewhere before all the tourists show up?”
“We won’t be bothered here. No one is coming.”
She didn’t know how he managed it, but she didn’t doubt it and before she knew it she was in his arms heading to the larger of the tents. The smell hit her the instant he carried her past the flaps. Fruit, cheese, sandwiches, and cake were laid out to the side along with sparkling cider bubbling in two champagne flutes in honor of their first picnic together. As well as a bed of blankets, quilts, pillows and such, reminiscent of their second. He set her down only to start dancing with her again her head lain on his chest, every moment better than the last. This was it, and she didn’t want to wait anymore.
“Drakon, I know you said you wanted to wait, to wait until we could be together with no distractions, but… I can’t think of a more perfect time than now and a more perfect place than here.” She looked up at him, her entire body burning for him.
He brushed a strip of her hair aside, “I was hoping you’d say that.”
That was all it took as the tension building between them over the past few weeks burst and they enjoyed each other as husband and wife until the hour grew late.
*****
“What happened to wanting to wait until we could spend the entire night wrapped in each other’s arms Drakon?” She couldn’t help but tease him.
“What can I say? I couldn’t help but succumb to your…” his eyes roamed her from top to bottom. His heated gaze lighting a fire in her. “…charms. Besides, whoever said we were anywhere near finished yet?”
“We could stay here you know, we don’t have to leave. I’m not the kind of girl that’s put off by a camping trip.”
He kissed her bare shoulder tasting her skin, intoxicated by her scent. “Very tempting, but I’ve made other arrangements. Besides you need to eat more than what’s here.”
“I’m not exactly hungry… for food anyway.”
“That’s my temptress.”
It took them another hour before they were making their way off the trail and to a waiting silver jeep. She wasn’t sure what to expect. He’d told her he had a car waiting at the end of the trail, maybe a limo or something, but the sight of him swinging into the drivers’ seat of a Jeep Wrangler wasn’t it.
“Yes, I drive. I can’t run everywhere, or have I shattered your view of me?”
“It just goes to show you, you marry one person and find out you’ve married someone completely different.”
“Then we’ll have plenty of time to get to know the ‘other’ us won’t we?” He picked up her hand pressing it to his lips.
“I feel awful leaving everything behind like this.”
“I’m terribly sorry my dear, but that’s something you’re simply going to have to get used to. It will all be taken care of not to worry.”
She’d pretty much gotten use to Millie taking care of her. Of her clothes being clean and fresh, ready for her in her closet each day and not having to do any dishes, but the idea of leaving all that behind. The food, the dresses, and the jewels; especially those jewels was he crazy?
“Not crazy, just very secure.”
“What, oh. Do you have to do that?”
“Don’t think so loud.”
“I’m going to have to watch you every minute, aren’t I?”
“Count on it.”
As they left the parking area for the road she noticed two men in uniform standing guard at the entrance and the sign had a ‘closed for maintenance’ addition to it.
“I told you no one would bother us.”
“You had an entire park closed down for us?”
“One of the richest and most influential men in the world; remember?”
“Oh yeah.”
Calynn slumped down in the seat, putting her feet up on the dash and closed her eyes, letting the wind flow over her. She felt more relaxed, alive, and free than she had in months, she could definitely get used to this. They pulled up to a luxury beach house on the shores of Tautuku Bay with a large wrap around verandah that overlooked the ocean and a private swimming pool. She could have walked in, but Drakon insisted on carrying her over the threshold.
“It’s tradition is it not?”
“Are you going to carry me everywhere?”
“Only to the bed my dear.”
*****
The sun was beginning to set and Calynn was leaned against the terrace railing, gazing out at the surf. Soaking up the last few minutes before they had to return to the estate for their joining ceremony. She was nervous about what was to take place in a few short hours. He’d told her what to expect and she was prepared, but she’d be fooling herself if she said she wasn’t scared even a little. She wished they didn’t have to leave, that they could stay right here where there were no psycho relatives or bloodsucking party guests; at least none that she knew of. There was so much here to see and explore, New Zealand was a beautiful, amazing place and they hadn’t seen any of it. Other than the beach they haven’t left the house yet, not that she was regretting that, but still.
Drakon stepped behind her embracing her tightly, “The house and everything in it will be here whenever we return.”
“I know, one call and it’s ours again right?”
“If you insist, but I hardly think that necessary with your own home.”
“What?”
“A wedding present, though if you don’t like it it would be a bit difficult to return.”
Her kiss told him all he needed to know.
“I know you’re nervous, but you’ll be fine. As long as there’s a breath in my body no harm will come to you.” He set his hand on her belly welcoming the now familiar tingle, “Either of you.”
Chapter Forty-Four
She stood staring at the dress she was to wear. A macabre thing for a wedding. With deep reds and black inlays and onyx stones, making it look more like a reverse black widow spider than a wedding dress and the three women buzzing around her wasn’t helping her nerves. Millie she didn’t mind, but Delphine had insisted on sending two of her personal servants to her to prepare her hair and the make-up she had created expressly to compliment the dress. Just like an artist to incorporate absolutely everything in a design from top to bottom.
Even the jewelry was specially chosen, a stunningly large array of garnets that according to Lizzy was some sort of inside joke pertaining to humans; she didn’t ask. There were black satin gloves to be worn after the ceremony, matching bracelets of garnet and onyx, and the tiara was solid black. How they managed that she had no idea. She picked the delicate filigree piece up and stared at it, such a stark contrast to New Zealand.
They had decided to keep her hair down to cover her neck, adding extensions that were infused with more jewels and not the costume kind either. That was something at least. She never liked the idea of walking around a room full of ‘people’ with a taste for O positive baring her jugular, and she had bathed in some special oils that were a mixture of fragrances that left her skin sparkling even in low light. It was supposed to hide the scent of her human blood keeping her true identity a secret; she hoped it was working.
The entire time she was getting ready she strained to hear what was going on beyond her door. Sir Drake was to drop the first bombshell of her blood connection with their kind tonight and she desperately wanted to hear what they were saying, but with all the preparations and fussing the three were doing she couldn’t focus on anything. She tried to be still and act like a Drake should if only to save the servants from catching it if Delphine’s designs weren’t carried out to the letter. Millie had quite a bit of leeway, but no telling what her new sister-in-law would do if one of her girls messed up and she shivered at the thought. Oh well, hopefully Drakon was listening in… he was.
*****
It had been nearly a decade since so many of the siblings were in the same room together. All except Drakon who was preparing upstairs, but there they all were; milling around the family dining hall wondering why they had been gathered. They all knew what to do, their parents had been explicit with how things were to happen and not one of them would dare deviate. There was no reason to be here now, gathered together as if they wanted to be; as if they were an actual loving family. Each broke off into their little groups. Delphine and her mother discussing the décor. Lizzy and Maximilien joking a little too loudly. Ilse and Rais discussing politics and family matters and Ivan almost hiding in the shadows desperate not to be noticed in case his father had decided to match him up as well. All heads turned and all conversation ceased when Drake entered the room.
He looked over his offspring one by one, no one making a sound or even daring to move. “I have an announcement.”
Ivan visibly flinched.
“Before Dr. Edme left our service he was able to make one final discovery of importance to our family and the events that bring us here tonight. He was able to determine the factor responsible for the conception of the child Calynn now carries.”
Rais immediately moved closer as Ivan slunk even further into the shadows.
“Calynn is one of us.”
“Shut up!”
Everyone turned to look at Lizzy and her parents’ glares made it perfectly clear that children should be seen and not heard… or else.
“It has been discovered that at some point in history, Calynn’s ancestors had been a servant to our kind and had through their own family line passed down our genetic structure. Though she is not a full blood there is to be no doubt about her being one of us. Today she is to be joined with Drakon. She is to be wife to him, daughter to us and sister to each of you and her child is Drakon’s and Drakon’s alone.” His tone hardened as he zeroed in on Rais. “No further inquiry into the actual sire will be done.”
More than one of his boys gave a sigh of relief, but the other only stiffened.
“I am not blind, nor am I a fool. I know that though she is a member of our group you have… reservations and prejudices against her. This is understandable and under other circumstances warranted. With this newest revelation I hope to minimize those notions, but even if it did not serve that purpose, no one will ever treat her or the child as anything but family. Do I make myself clear?” It wasn’t a question it was a threat, deep and visceral.
“Yes father.” It was said in unison, but Drake could pick out each child’s tone and inflection. There was more to tell, but not here and not now.
“Now raise your glasses and let us drink to the newest member of the House of Drake.” A servant emerged from the adjoining room carrying a tray of champagne flutes. The liquid bubbled and had a strong draw and was older than all of his children, but it was far from champagne in the crystal stemware. 
*****
It was time. It was pitch black outside, the only light radiating from the two rows of torches coming from opposite directions to meet in the middle. She had been collected by Lady Anula herself who gushed over her… everything. The hair, the dress, the jewels. She stood at the edge of one of the torch rows, her head held high, her face a mask of confidence as her mother-in-law escorted her down the aisle. In contrast to the joyous excitement of his mother over the occasion, Drakon was met with a rigid and surly Rais who was to escort him to the ceremony. Not one word was said between the two of them, but anger was seething off of the elder sibling like a black swirling mass and Drakon made it a point to keep a close eye on his brother the entire night. No doubt he was furious over discovering his attempts to create a breeding harem of his own was futile and the odds of finding another Calynn impossible. His only choice now would be to attempt to ‘create’ a Calynn of his own, but he would not succeed. The same experiment had been repeatedly tried and subsequently failed for centuries by each of the clans. So he followed Rais silently down the path, doing his best to control his own growing sense of smugness. After all it would be unwise to go, “Nah nah na nah nah!” and quite infantile.
The couple were brought to a stone circle on the grounds of the estate under the new moon where his father waited patiently. He was standing proudly behind a large marble table with a two handed, bronze chalice and a wicked looking dagger balanced on top of it. Drake was covered in lush black robes looking menacing and powerful under the dim light, demanding authority. Calynn took a quick glance at Drakon dressed all in black, a shadow of his self only two days ago at their riverside wedding. Once Anula and Rais left the circle, flames surged up surrounding the three of them roaring and crackling, but she could still make out the low chants of the family, “Bound by blood. Bound forever.” Drakon had told her what to expect, but the sudden fire flaring up around her still made her flinch.
Drake, his eyes solid black as the night took the knife from its perch on the rim of the cup as Drakon offered his left hand to his father. The blade may have been made of bone, but it sliced through his flesh like it was nothing spilling his blood into the goblet. He did the same to Calynn, making her wince slightly as the cut was made, quickly filling her hand with the warm sticky fluid before adding it to Drakon’s. She silently hoped it wouldn’t trigger anyone’s hunger.
He hated that she had to be hurt to complete the ceremony and a part of him wanted to shove his father aside and protect her, but that wasn’t possible. He took her hand in his, mixing their blood as one as Sir Drake swirled the crimson liquid in the chalice around and around almost hypnotically. Drakon could see the temptation in his father. They had agreed to forgo the traditional drinking of the combined blood by the trio. Calynn was the obvious reason, but to taste her blood may be too much of a temptation and trigger his own thirst as well as his father’s. He could see his father’s hesitation. To taste Valdi blood after all these centuries could be too much to resist, but the moment passed and Drake poured the offering onto a bowl of burning hot coals beside him releasing the scent of smoke and iron.
He nodded to his son who removed three items from his pocket. The first, a vial of milky white liquid that when a single drop hit Calynn’s palm it knit together the tear in her flesh as if it never was. She watched, mesmerized as her hand healed before her eyes. The second and third were the wedding bands from their first ceremony only days ago. He slipped the ring onto her finger as she did his, the family still chanting outside the ring of fire. It was almost done, Drake lifted his arms to the sky yelling, “Bound by blood, Bound forever, The two are one!” Instantly the circle of flames extinguished and everyone disappeared leaving Drakon and Calynn alone in the darkened circle.
“Well,” she blew out a deep breath, “now what?”
“Now I kiss my bride.”
With the flames now gone the cold was quickly taking over the night, but she couldn’t feel it, all she could feel was him. “Alone at last. Not that I’m complaining, but why the sudden exit?” She looked at the now empty space around her.
“Remember when I told you that our kind usually only marries when they were ready to bear children?”
She nodded. 
“Let’s just say that the alter here is used for more than just a place to set the cup.”
Her eyes grew big “What here?”
“Wanna try it?” He thought she’d reel back in surprise, but instead she only crushed herself against him drawing up to kiss him again.
“Maybe later.”
Calynn was full of surprises. This was going to be fun.
On their way back to the house they took the long way around. “I can have you back in our bedroom before you can blink Calynn.”
“I know you can, but I’m perfectly content to procrastinate out here.”
“It’s rather cold and you’re not dressed for this.”
“Then I’ll just warm up by one of the torches, or I can curl up with you. Speaking of fire, I thought your kind had an aversion to being burned by fire or is that another one of those myths?”
“We have no more aversion to the flame than you have, and while we’re on the subject who wouldn’t fire burn.”
“Good point.”
They were alone once they were finally back in the mansion. Millie, Devilicus and his personal servant had already left for Switzerland to make sure that everything is prepared for their arrival. Once they had fulfilled enough of their obligations to the crowd gathering below they’d be on his own jet leaving the chaos of the night far behind them. They didn’t risk speaking, at least not aloud as he tried to prepare her for what she would be facing below. He hadn’t wanted to mention any of it before. She’d had enough on her mind, but now it was unavoidable.
‘This gathering will not be like anything you’ve even expected before. This is what happens when our kind gather free of human restraint. Try not to react to anything you see. I know that will be difficult, but it’s important.’ He drew her closer feeling her body lean against him as they lay together, propped against the headboard of their bed one last time. It felt like a familiar but empty room now. All of their belongings had been shipped abroad already, leaving nothing but another guest suite.
‘No one will know you or your lineage and that fact alone can explain away any unusual behavior you may react to so don’t over think it. You are a mystery, an enigma to everyone and that will work in our favor. I can’t tell you exactly what to expect, because I’m not too sure myself, but one thing is certain, with no humans in attendance you will see an array of strange things.’
She nodded while he gently stroked her arm.
‘You’ve seen Delphine’s more outrageous designs, don’t be surprised if you see something similar and even more bizarre. Also, you could very well find some guests in their more… animalistic form. You’ve never seen any of us in our altered appearance, but I can’t promise that tonight you won’t see others. Just remember that you are now a Drake and my entire family is on guard to protect you with their lives, even the ones you’d prefer never to see again. My sisters will all be close by and my brothers will stay in certain areas to keep an eye on the guests while we are here. See this?’ He held up his hand, ‘It will be attached to you at all times no matter who demands my attention and if they don’t like it I don’t care. I know you’ll do great. Just remember that the servants are invisible, they are not to be acknowledged in any way you’re used to. No saying thank you or please or showing any hint of kindness or equality to them.’
‘If I want something I’ll tell you and let you handle it.’
‘That’s probably for the best.’
Time stretched, but not long enough. Before she knew it, it was time to make their way down stairs to be presented to the world as husband and wife… officially… again. The sounds of the live orchestra could be heard up the stairway and down the corridor and only grew louder as they made their way down. Then suddenly it stopped and all went quiet as every eye was on Sir Drake standing at the top of the landing.
His voice boomed effortlessly over the crowd, “Join me in celebrating the union of Drakon Second Son of the House of Drake and his bride Calynn.”
As one the entire crowd lifted their glasses repeating the same phrase she had heard at the ceremony, “Bound by blood, Bound forever!”
She tried her best to look above it all and adapt the air of an aristocrat from the dark side, but it wasn’t always easy. Drakon hadn’t been exaggerating when he told her to be ready for anything. One by one they were introduced to and congratulated by the heads of the other clans and ushered around from one important guest to the other, but Drakon was true to his word. Not once did he let go of her even if he had to shift from having his arm around her waist to holding her hand. He wasn’t about to let her go, even giving her reassuring squeezes when something bizarre crossed her path. It was a menagerie, a circus ranging from the more normal tailored tuxedos and evening gowns to the more absurd; reminding her of some of those runway shows she used to make fun of on television. Several had animals with them in all shapes and forms from snakes and rodents to familiars and small vultures and some guests actually went clothing optional. A few choosing instead to be painted from head to toe.
‘Umm?’
‘She’s most likely without her chaperone tonight.’
‘What?’
‘It’s a technique that goes back thousands of years to ensure the purity or faithfulness of a woman. She’s young and in a position to gain favor for her family in a match if she is worthy. No one can touch her without smudging the paint, if she is promiscuous in any way it will instantly be known to all and her purity will be in question.’
‘What about your sisters? Aren’t your parents worried about them?’
He snorted, ‘My sisters could be violated six ways from Sunday and they would still have suitors a mile long being as they are first daughters of the House of Drake. They are high enough in the line that it does not matter if they are… experienced. That girl however is lower in the hierarchy, nobility still, but low enough that her parents will use her to elevate their own status.’
‘Some things never change.’
Faces, costumes, and more flooded past her with more introductions and they were standing in a small group of the heads of the Navidia and Predaré clans when she felt a pull from Drakon.
“If you will excuse us. Lord Lassiter, Lord Tonari.” 
He sat down his glass, she hadn’t dared ask what was in it, and guided her to the middle of the dance floor. They had already danced once right after Sir Drake had announced them. The orchestra had played some dark haunting song that she had never heard before and was possibly thousands of years old and all eyes had been on them. This time the song was familiar and she had to struggle with all her might not to cry when she heard the familiar strains of At Last.
‘I wanted to see that smile of yours, there it is.’
‘You know, if I start bawling we’re done for.’
‘I’m willing to take that chance if it will help you feel better about all of this and I figure I can always whisk you away to some dark corner. No one would question that.’
‘You just want to get me alone, admit it.’
‘Gladly.’
The rest of the night went perfectly. No one questioned her humanity or the appropriateness of the match, and when they left the house for the plane no one even batted an eye. Sir Drake couldn’t be more pleased. He stood above the mass of men and woman, feeling his superiority. They had accepted Calynn as one of their own no question and only he, his wife and Drakon knew of the power that now belonged to the House of Drake. To him.
All he had to do was bide his time until one day all of them would bow to him and the House of Drake. He listened in on the crowd, keeping tabs on his guests wile basking in his own glory.
“But who is she?”
“I don’t know; have you heard of her?”
“No, she’s not from my clan at least not that I’m aware of.”
“Whomever she is Drake has chosen well for his son.”
“The only question is; why wasn’t it Rais?”
“Please, everyone knows that Rais is practically betrothed to Vanessa of the House of Predaré.”
“That’s how she sees it anyway, but he hasn’t given her much notice this evening.”
“No matter, regardless of her power she’s still an unknown. No way Drake would match his heir with an unknown.”
“True.”
Drake picked up on one word, ‘power’, was he missing something? He scanned the crowed searching for more.
“I can’t image where they’ve been hiding her. Someone with that much power would stand out. She sure did here.”
“Do you think Drake made a deal with one of the other clan heads?”
“Could be, it would be just like him, a brilliant strategic move if you ask me. Make a deal with another clan for a powerful bride for the second born that would be kept hidden.”
“Wonder what kind of alliance that has led to?”
“I don’t know, but she would have to be from one of the top families.”
“True, you don’t get that kind power without being pure royalty.”
“You can practically see it dripping off of her.”
“I hope Drake hasn’t bitten off more than he can chew.”
Could it be true? How had he missed it? Nothing felt different to him, and Anula nor any of the others had mentioned anything about it. He searched out his first born. Maybe he could get some answers that way, but Rais was nowhere to be found. Probably off enjoying the festivities now that his duty to the family had been served. So he sought out his wife, pulling her into one of their private conversations.
‘My dearest, do you know where Rais is?’
‘I haven’t seen him these last few hours. I believe he left once Drakon and Calynn did. His duty being over he may be enjoying the feast.’
‘Probably.’
‘Why do you ask husband?’
‘Have you noticed anything different about Calynn of late?’
‘No, she has become more secure in her role as a Drake, but other than that I can’t say that I have noticed anything. Why so enigmatic Drake?’
‘Listen Anula, listen to our guests.’
It didn’t take long for her to understand.
‘Have any of the girls mentioned anything to you about this?’
‘No. Do you think we could be blind to something, having been so close to her all this time?’
‘That’s why I wanted to speak with Rais. He’s been absent these past few weeks and may have picked up on something that none of us have noticed.’
‘Well my dear, if he’s of no use, what about one of the others? Ivan hasn’t been seen since the days right after the equinox.’
‘No… he’s still been on the grounds, still close by. Same with the girls. If they haven’t mentioned anything by now I doubt they’ve notice anything amiss.’
‘We’ll know for sure at our next gathering.’
‘Yes, but I’d prefer not to have to wait two months to find out.’
‘What would it really matter? You’d still know before either Drakon or Calynn. If we haven’t been able to discover a difference being as close to her it would be unlikely that they would find out and it may not be her that our kin are sensing but the child.’
That was true and if there was any question about any of it his surveillance team would alert him to it immediately. Still he hated that the guests had stumbled upon something that had escaped him. His excitement grew as all his hopes were being realized. Either Calynn or the child or both possessed great power and they both belonged to him. One way or another he would find out.
*****
They had taken a limo from the mansion to the private air strip. Another first for Calynn, but she was too tired and on edge to really enjoy it. At least they were away from everyone that could possibly consider her dinner and she finally began to relax leaning against his chest.
“Don’t worry, we’ll be in the air soon and you’ll be able to sleep then.”
“I don’t think I’m tired enough to sleep in those seats.”
“No need, there’s a bedroom ready for us.”
“We just got married… again and you want to join the mile-high club?”
He brushed her hair gently, “Hush.”
Drakon hadn’t been lying, after take-off he showed her to the bedroom that looked more like a luxury resort.
“Boy your dad doesn’t do anything by half does he?”
“Oh this isn’t my father’s plane, it ours.”
“Ours?”
“You didn’t think I ran everywhere did you?”
“Well?”
“I thought we covered this back in New Zealand with the Jeep.”
“Then why didn’t we fly to Switzerland the first time?”
Drakon wrapped his arms around her, “For one, I’m faster and secondly and more importantly, I got to hold you in my arms the entire time.”
She melted into him before something caught her eye, “Wait, what’s this?”
On the bed was a white box tied with a large ribbon.
“That my dear is your wedding gift.”
“Didn’t you already buy me a beach house?”
“That was for the first wedding.”
Suddenly she wasn’t tired anymore and tore into the box, to find…
“My underwear?”
“Look closer my bride.”
“Wait these are the clothes I was wearing when we went around the world, the ones from Hawaii!”
“See my dear, I’ve done laundry for you… twice.”
Two Months Later
It had been two months. Eight entire weeks of not having to watch every word and every look. Of not having to look over their shoulders and so much had happened. Devilicus had become the leader of a large pack of finely bred familiars that roamed the grounds as an added layer of protection. Thanks to Drakon’s ingenious hacking of his father’s surveillance system they were always two steps ahead of him. Completely keeping him in the dark about Calynn’s growing powers and their intent to break with the House of Drake. They trained in privacy and were secured of a staff that were entirely loyal to them, though they still treated them as were expected; at least until they were no longer being monitored. Just one more hurdle before she could finally start to relax as an actually Lady of the house.
It was a new year and the newlyweds were preparing for one more ritual tradition. Technically they could have decided to forgo the dinner, but his parents were more than insistent it go on as custom dictated and Drakon had his suspicions why. Everything was prepared and Lady Anula had even sent tips and suggestions for the evenings events.
“Are you nervous about tonight?”
“I’d be lying if I said no, but I’m not scared; not with you and Villie here to protect me.”
“We could still call it off. All it would take would be a few strokes of my program and they’d think you were unwell.”
As part of his own security measures, his custom software allowed him to mute the microphones and seamlessly add fake conversations. A simple sampling of his and Calynn’s voice and he could create anything.
“No, that would only raise a red flag. We still have to be careful. They know this dinner isn’t necessary as much as we do and that’s not stopping them. They’re looking for something. I can do this, promise; though I may cut out early.” 
She knew this day was coming, Drakon had told her about it before they were even married. For two months after the joining ceremony no one and nothing ‘bothers’ the couple. There’s no business, no visits, nothing in the hopes that it will produce a child. After the two-month period the immediate family gathers to celebrate the match, to bless the pregnancy or future one, and to toast to a successful future. She was already pregnant and well into her second trimester and they all knew it. There was no need to toast to anything.
A dinner party with the in-laws was not her idea of an enjoyable time, but his father had made it perfectly clear that the entire troop would be on their doorstep by nightfall. They’d arrive either under their own power or by plane and would be staying the entire two weeks. No exceptions and no excuses. Oh joy.
Sir Drake claimed he had another reason to make sure this gathering went on like planned. He was going to reveal to the rest of Drakon’s siblings about Calynn’s Valdi heritage. At least that was the excuse he had given Drakon, but he wasn’t convinced. He’d heard the comments the night of the reception celebration same as his father had, and had even taken time here and there in the days after to sneak through his parents’ home and listen in. Though he didn’t hear much. His father had left for business somewhere in Turkey shortly after the ceremony, but he’d gleaned enough to know what the old man was curious about. It didn’t take much to put two and two together and his tech team hadn’t even bothered to hide what key words and phrases they were scanning for. Then again, why would they? No one knew he was really the one in control of everything. No, his parents were here for one reason and one reason only. To find out if Calynn indeed was developing her own abilities and growing in power, her or the child.
Servants and luggage had been arriving all day, each one graciously shown to their suites to prepare for their masters. The rooms had been readied, the menu finalized, the servants assigned, all that was left was to wait for the family. One by one they appeared on their doorstep. Some perturbed that they now needed permission to enter what had once been their home. Some not caring one way of the other, and a few gleeful over how a certain eldest wouldn’t be in control of everything, but all heeding the call of their father to assemble downstairs in one of the parlours. Once again Sir Drake looked over his family, a smug sneer planted firmly on his face. Tonight they would learn the truth and before this visit was over he would know one way or the other if his newest daughter was hosting more than his grandchild.
“All here twice in as many months. What a development this clan has seen of late.” Lady Anula stood beside her husband. Her arm wrapped firmly around his own as he called the meeting to attention.
“It has been two months since the joining of Drakon and Calynn. Two months since you’ve learned of her tie to us. Two months to see her in the proper light. Regardless of how you’ve reconciled your opinion of her I warn you all that during this time we are here in their home and from this day forward you will show the upmost respect for her.”
“What for?” Rais had never questioned his father before, until now.
“Because she is your sister. She is a member of our family,” His father bellowed.
“and she is Valdi.” Drakon entered the room. King of his castle and not about to let his envious brother impugn his bride any further.
The room went silent as the shock spread through the room. All except one.
“Impossible, all this attention has gone to your head little brother. Trying to make it less painful to be wed to a measly human by pretending that she’s more than a breeder? Or maybe you’ve actually fallen in love, how pathetic.”
Drakon wasn’t taking the bait. Two and a half centuries had taught him better. Although there was still a part of him that desperately wanted to tear Rais apart.
“ENOUGH! Rais you will hold your tongue or I will remove it. What he says is true. Calynn is a Valdi. Her DNA has been tested repeatedly and she has the genetic markers of the Valdi clan. She is, unknowingly I might add, the last of their line and you will keep your mouths shut and honor that. Do I make myself clear?”
All was still. No one spoke, no one moved, until she entered, Devilicus faithfully by her side. She had heard every word, every syllable and was relieved to find no one attempting to kill each other.
“Did I miss anything?”
Drakon stepped protectively to her side wrapping his arm around her waist. “Not a thing, we were just catching up until you arrived.”
“Calynn my dear!” Anula wasted no time in embracing her daughter. “How are you feeling?”
“Hungry Mother Anula, shall we go. I believe everything is ready for us.”
They filed into the dining hall making light chit chat, but all of them with one thing on their minds. Dinner was pretty much the same. Business talk between Drakon and his father. Joking between the youngest. Politics, fashion, servants, decorating, all things that a normal family may discuss all with one exception; Rais. He hadn’t said more than one or two words at a time and only when asked a direct question. He was too busy brooding, too busy feeding his own obsession and anger.
The rest of the clan may be able to stay awake for days on end, but Calynn was still human and pregnant and more than ready to go to bed. The others could do as they wish. The house was theirs for the duration, and since Drakon had assured her that everything would be taken care of without her direct attention, she excused herself, knowing the conversation would instantly turn to one subject the minute she left. Drakon offered to escort her back to their suite, but she refused.
“Please I’ll be fine, you catch up with your family. I’m sure you have more to discuss.” Which as code for, find out everything you can while you can and she left, Devilicus padding along distractedly beside her. Once she reached her apartments she turned to her personal guardian, “It’s okay Villie I know. It’s time for your walk around the grounds, past time actually. Go on, I’m not going anywhere tonight. I’ll be right here when you get back. You and Drakon worry too much, I’ll be fine.”
Devilicus nuzzled her hand and looked between her and the hall. “Go on, the sooner you leave the sooner you get back.”
A quick whimper, a nod and he was gone.
“Would you like a bath my lady? Something to relax you?”
“No Millie, I’m fine, I’m tired enough as it is. I’m just going to get ready for bed. You may leave, I’ll let you know if I need you.”
“Yes, my lady.”
Alone at last she sat at her vanity slowly removing her jewelry. Twisting her diamond bracelet, she watched the multi facets sparkle in a prism of color as her mind went blank with exhaustion. She had no idea how long she had zoned out or how long he had been there staring at her.
“Can I help you with something?” She didn’t start, keeping as calm and collected as possible. No need to set off any alarms; yet. She didn’t bother to ask how he’d gotten into her room, it would have been redundant. This had been his home once, plus he wasn’t human, so there was that.
For a moment, he simply stared at her as if he was studying her. She didn’t like feeling like a lab rat. “I knew it the day you came to us, to me. You weren’t like the others. I tried my best to break you, but you just wouldn’t break. I should have seen it then, I should have known, but my own ego blinded me.”
He began walking slowly around the room touching random items here and there almost distractedly, barely looking at her. “Did you know that there is a tradition among our kind?”
“Your kind has many traditions.”
“Touché. No, I’m thinking of something specific. Can you guess?”
She refused to speak, carefully watching him in the reflection of her mirror. Tracking his every movement.
“If something were to happen to the husband, an unmatched male sibling of the same house would take the widow as his own wife and provide for her and any children she may have. Sort of picking up where the deceased left off if you will and if there are no available males the family would take her and the children in and provide for them until she chose to remarry. Naturally, we don’t have to be concerned with that now do we?”
“Rais, this isn’t…”
She didn’t have time to finish. He was in front of her, pulling her from her seat and pinning her arms to her side. “It will hurt less if you don’t struggle Calynn. Then again you always struggled, didn’t you?”
“What are you talking about Rais?”
“I’m talking about taking back what is mine.”
“Yours?”
“Yes mine! You don’t think anyone but the first-born heir of Drake could sire a child with a Valdi do you? My father was wrong to give you to my pathetic loner of a brother. A second born always licking at the heels of my father, trying to be what he can never be. Trying to be me! Tonight, I will correct that mistake and take back what was destined for me.”
“I’m warning you Rais.”
Rais burst with laughter. “Warning me? Oh my dear, it’s Drakon that you should warn.”
“What are you going to do?”
“I already told you that. Someone of your lineage should be more astute don’t you think?” He brushed his lips against her temple breathing in her scent. “I felt it the second you stepped from the house into the light of those torches, the raw power flowing from you and you’ve been on my mind ever since. The others were blind, but not me, not the man you were designed from birth and before to be with. I knew that night that this day would come, that you were special, but Calynn a Valdi? Only a woman of such a line could bear my child.”
“It’s not your child it’s Drakon’s!”
“It’s mine, and after tonight so are you.” His grip tightened and she could feel the bruising begin to spread. “Drakon will be found at the edge of the forest dead, and you my dear, you will have no memory of the last few months. No memory of your capture, no memory of those pathetic dates he’d taken you on to win your affection. No memory of anything and I will be there, holding you, helping you to regain yourself. Convincing you that I am your husband, your memory loss all the result of a fall and before you know it all will be as it should have since the beginning.”
“No!” It happened before she realized what she was doing. She shoved Rais off her, breaking his grip from her arms. His eyes widened in surprise, but he didn’t have time to react any more than that before he felt himself being shoved against the wall.
*****
He felt it. Something was wrong, very wrong. He quickly looked around the hall, taking inventory. Some of his siblings had left to pursue other endeavors, but it was the disappearance of Rais that had him concerned. The jealousy radiating off him was palpable even from across the room and unlike the others he’d slipped away unnoticed. He was about to excuse himself when he heard her scream, when they all heard it. The entire group dashed toward the sound, up to the master suite, Drakon in the lead; ready to kill.
He burst through the door, shattering the frame and tearing it from its hinges, sending the pieces flying across the room. Then stopped dead in his tracks, nearly frozen in shock while the rest of the family pushed through the door around him. There was Calynn, standing by her dressing table. Her arm stretched out in front of her, her fingers splayed and tense with a furious, almost deadly, look on her face and Rais…. Fifteen feet up off the ground dangled Rais like a marionette, grasping at some invisible force holding him by his throat. His eyes wide, nearly bulging from his head. Calynn motioned her hand like she was throwing away a piece of trash, tossing him across the room to the floor beside the torn open doorway.
“If you ever touch me or my child again I will end you!” No one doubted her.
Rais vanished before anyone could stop him and Drakon, his first instinct to annihilate his brother barely under control, , rushed to Calynn’s side holding her shaking body as tight as he dared. He looked to the gathered family, still stunned at what they had just witnessed before his father silently ushered them out. A barely suppressed gleam of greed in his eyes, only tempered with the knowledge that his eldest son and heir to his kingdom just threatened his source of power.
The door and frame were repaired within minutes while Drakon comforted her, whispering in her ear that everything would be alright. Even with the door fixed and not a soul, outside of Villie, in the room with them she had no doubt everyone was listening in. They had officially become the most interesting thing on the planet. Not to mention that the entire scene had been recorded with that stupid surveillance system that Sir Drake had going, marking every word then and now. They wouldn’t be able to do much altering to the audio feed, but at least it wasn’t HD video as well. She told him everything; out loud as best she could, acting as if the entire show of power was as frightening and as big a surprise to her as Rais’ attack had been. Completely certain that her story would be compared word for word with what had been recorded earlier, Calynn put on an act like she hadn’t done in two months. She even threw in a few, “What’s happening to me Drakon?” and a “Did I really do that?”’s for effect.
He held her tighter and tighter. The more she revealed the more desperate he became until his face was that of the monster he had promised himself he’d never show her, but she never noticed. “I will never let him touch you again. If he ever comes anywhere near us I will kill him.” He hoped his father knew he was as serious as the grave. Rais’ life was forfeit as far as he was concerned. If he wasn’t needed there he would gladly hunt down his brother to the ends of the earth and make him pay for what he had done; what he had intended to do.
*****
Calynn stood on the stone balcony staring out at the rising sun as the snow fell. They knew, they all knew now, at least part of it. She’d been listening to their conversations all night, her little stunt had sent shockwaves throughout the family and a few were planning on leaving early. If only she’d held her temper, had called out for Drakon instead of showing her power. What had she done? His father would never leave them in peace now. She stroked her swelling belly as her baby slept soundly. What kind of life had she doomed their child to? The wind blew tossing a wave of flakes around her, but she barely felt the cold anymore and Drakon wrapped a blanket around her shoulders.
“You need to come in, it’s way too cold for you to be out here.”
“What have I done Drakon, what have I triggered?”
He stepped in front of her pulling her chin up to look into his eyes. “Nothing changes. Whatever comes we’ll face it together. You did nothing wrong Calynn, you protected yourself and our child and I couldn’t be more proud.” The rest he said in private. ‘We knew this day was coming. Nothing changes that.’
‘But your father…’
‘Was here looking for proof of your abilities and had it the moment you walked into the parlour this evening. All of them could feel the power that has been growing inside you, both from you and our child. Nothing could have prevented that, all that’s happened is that Rais has not only given himself away, but has also given us the perfect reason to withdraw even further from their society. We can do this Calynn. Do you trust me?’
‘Yes Drakon, I trust you.’
‘Then come to bed. Tomorrow will take care of itself.’
She looked past him at the grey lightless sky, knowing the sun was out there somewhere behind the mass of thick clouds even if she couldn’t see it. Tomorrow may take care of itself, but she couldn’t help feeling that her display had set something in motion, something big. Something that would shake his family to the core. Something that would destroy them all.

Sneak Peek
Bloodbourne II Uprising 
The blood pooled around him, sending a rush of cold throughout his body like he’d never known before and he fell to the floor. His legs giving out for the first time in his existence. He could barely hear her scream. It sounded a million miles away, but when he opened his eyes again she was there. His angel, his love, hovering above him.
“Drakon, stay with me. Stay with me Drakon.”
He wanted to tell her how much he loved her, how she completed him in every way. She had made his life worth living and how, even knowing what he knows now, even though it meant his death he wouldn’t change a thing about her and their life together. He reached up to touch Calynn’s face, to feel her one last time as his vision blurred and the world, his world, began to darken. With his dying breath, he managed two words. “Forgive him.” Before her tears mingled with his blood and he was gone.
Sneak Peek
Costly Obsession: Animalize
No sound could come from Jeremy’s lips, he was in agony. He had decided to walk into the trees to put on his swimming trunks so Katherine wouldn’t see him change, but the entire time he felt as though he was being watched; stalked almost. Then he knew; he was not alone and yes he was being stalked, but he could see absolutely nothing in the pitch dark of the trees, they blocked every bit of light that the moon could provide. Jeremy was blind. Whatever this thing was; was close to him that much he could feel. Too close to him in fact. Swinging wildly, he struggled to see, searching for this thing that he knew was near; not caring if he was buck-naked. Exposed in more than one way. 
	Katherine, that’s it, Katherine must be playing a joke on him. That had to be it, but just as he tried to call out her name, to spoil her trick, he found himself falling to the ground; pain wracking his entire body. Jeremy felt as if he was being ripped apart piece by piece. He was dying in the woods. His thoughts, consumed too much with pain let only one realization in and that was it. ‘He was dying in the woods; alone and naked.’ Never seeing his attacker, the source of all his pain, before he passed out, all he could see was the clouds; closing in on him, blocking out what was left of the night sky. This was it.
	A girl’s voice cut through the night in an effort to find Jeremy, Katherine had no idea what indeed was waiting for her within the trees. It may have been hidden from her, but the creature knew exactly where she was. It could smell her scent, hear her heart beating, see her glowing silhouette in the waning moonlight, the creature could almost taste her blood and bones between its razor teeth; and soon it would. She was young, fresh, and pure; a delicacy to be savored. The other killings, though tasteful and somewhat satisfying, had been over too quickly. The creature was no longer thrilled with just ripping apart its prey. It wanted more than to shred her body to bloody pieces; the creature wanted to play with its food first. It wanted to chase her, to track her down, to smell her fear, her sweat, to hear and even feel her pulse racing, and then when it was ready, when the girl was ripe it would strike. Slowly devouring her. Ripping the skin from her arms and legs while she watched; writhing in pain. Her screams would be its music, then it would let her crawl away only to pounce once more. It would hold her down snapping at her, pawing her flesh to shreds, and then, right before she fell into unconsciousness it would sink its teeth into her face and neck to feel one final surge of life before death.
	Slightly scared, but not wanting to show it, Katherine, began walking into the dark and suddenly menacing woods. Little did she know that the hunt was on. Half expecting Jeremy to leap out and grab her, half fearing that he wouldn’t; she called out to him one last time, but the reply she received was not Jeremy’s. 
	The creature breathed deep and hard almost growling at her; commanding her to run. For how was it supposed to chase its meat if she didn’t run?
	Katherine rose to the bait swinging around, striking the beast in the jaw, mistaking it for Jeremy. Feeling not the soft, warm face of a lovable prankster, but the course, hairy, wet, hot flesh of a monster.
	It only smiled at her, turning back its thick, rubbery, black lips; presenting its bone white and blood-stained teeth. 
	A shriek of terror surged throughout her body and across her lips sending her backwards deeper into the woods. Soon it would catch up to her and then… she immediately realized her mistake and with a burst of adrenaline changed directions, heading for the open beach and the motorcycle. Her heart pounding harder than ever before and her legs pumping faster than she had ever pushed them, she burst through the trees and onto the sand with such force that the soft granules gave way beneath her feet. Her arms flailed wildly as both her legs went in opposite directions. Katherine regained her footing, but in turn lost what precious little time that she had put between her and her hunter. Panic began to engulf her, clouding her mind as she continued to run down the shore. Her hopes of reaching the bike had all but dissipated when she saw it standing in wait like an angel in the sand. She was saved; or so she thought. Twenty feet, ten feet, five, with a sharp growl and a snap of its massive jaws the thing of nightmares was in front of her, blocking the bike and her escape. Shrieking, Katherine slid to a stop leaving her sitting in the sand. Turning back towards the woods and scrambling to her feet she ran. Even her mind was beginning to play tricks on her; she could have sworn she heard the thing laughing. 
	It wasn’t her mind; it was laughing at her enjoying the chase it had desired for so long. Exhilaration consumed the beasts’ body; a high greater than any drug man could experience. So much so that it had to use every fiber within its twisted body to restrain itself from lunging after her. No, it had to be patient, to savor it. She had to suffer, so it laid in wait. Soon lightning streaked across the blackened sky followed by an explosion of thunder so strong it shook the ground. Then came the sheets of falling rain as thick as curtains. Each drop evaporating as it hit its fur ridden body leaving an eerie mist of steam enveloping the monster from Hell. Suddenly, without warning it let out a deafening, screeching howl loud enough to wake the dead. The hunt was on once more and this time no more waiting. The thirst for carnage was now beyond control and only a gruesome massacre could calm its own blood lust.
	Exhausted, wet, terrified, and in agony Katherine struggled with her mind and her sanity. She knew in her gut that the creature was no longer right behind her, but she could not allow herself to slow down, because she also knew that she had not yet escaped death’s grip. That thing was intelligent enough to cut off her path to the bike, a thought which terrified her. It had to have known her intentions which meant that not only was the thing capable of thought, but of reasoning and in no way was it just going to give up and let her go. The rain had come fast and hard and with it the unholy howl of the beast. She knew then exactly what its intentions were; it was hunting her. Tracking her through the woods; playing some sick game of predator and prey. The chase was on again, she knew this, and as the ground began to turn from sandy to rocky she struggled not to slow her pace. The trees began to thin out; the stony terrain became steep and sharp. Katherine was forced to slow down, and the realization that she would soon have to seek some sort of hiding place worked itself from the back of her mind to the very front; until hiding was her only thought. It would catch up to her within seconds and when it did she would face a fate worse than death itself. Hiding was her only hope now. Even the road was not an option for her. At this time of night no one would be out especially with the curfew and she would be in the open; an easy target. She continued over the rocks, the road to her right and the lake to her left, Katherine was trapped.
	The thing from beyond the deepest depths was closing in on her, though it was taking its sweet time, imagining every little thing it was going to do to her soft pink flesh, smelling everything, enjoying the hunt. Her fear, her heart beat, her sweat, all enthralling and enticing it forward. The beasts own heart beating with excitement was in rhythm with her own fear ridden one. Its breath as deep and heavy with anticipation as was hers with fatigue. Its muscles as tight and sore with rage as was hers with weakness. It was time to quicken the pace and bring its cornered meal to its brutal end.
	The horrifying screams of delight and torture were growing louder with every second, echoing in her ears and her mind. Not even the roaring thunder could drown them out of her soul. Each cry a taunt to her saying, “I’m coming. I’m coming closer… and closer. I’m coming to get YOU. I know where you are. I know you’re close. I’m coming. You’d better run. RUN!” The faster she ran from her tormentor the more difficult it was for her to keep her balance, she was running over rocks and scrambling over boulders blindly feeling her way as best she could. Katherine could barely see between the darkness and the rain, but now hot salty tears were flowing, blurring everything around her. She was beginning to lose all hope of surviving when her foot slipped and she began to fall uncontrollably into a hole. Her body hit the hard dusty ground of the hidden cave with such force that every ounce of air was knocked from her lungs. Her back and buttocks began to bruise as a new kind of pain surged through her body, but the worst part was that she had no idea where she was or what had happened to her. Her hands were clutching solid ground covered with a layer of loose dirt, sand, and fresh mud, and her breathing seemed to echo all around, surrounding her. Too terrified to cry out for help or even to cry out in agony, Katherine slowly dragged herself across the coarse cave floor. The feeling of safety still evaded her, leaving her shivering as she groped her way to the furthest wall crawling tightly behind a formation of stalagmites. Her breathing was as hard and rapid as her pulse, and her heart beat so fiercely it nearly drowned out the horrifying howls of her tormentor, and threatened to burst from her chest from fear and weariness. Struggling to block out the terrifying chills of its angry cry, yet knowing that she must listen tore at her sanity. She needed to know, and only by listening would she learn how close the thing was to her, and how close she was to an agonizing death. The more she strained her ears the harder the rain pounded and the louder the thunder clashed until there was nothing but the raging storm outside. 
	After what seemed like an eternity of sitting motionless, waiting in the menacing entity of blackness that swallowed her mind, body, and soul, Katherine’s heart finally began to slow and the pounding in her ears gently eased, as did her breathing. A calmness began to embrace her body and Katherine reluctantly began to relax, carefully allowing herself to close her red, stinging eyes and bow her head thankful to God Almighty that she had at last, finally evaded the demon. Exhaustion and panic had engulfed her entire being as she broke down into an uncontrollable sob. All of the terror that she had struggled so hard to suppress in order to keep her senses about her had shoved through the floodgates of her mind and was now tirading her soul, until she no longer had the energy to cry. Slowly she drew her knees to her chest and laid her soaking wet head on the rocky wall behind her. Finally, empty tired and sore, she opened her swollen bloodshot eyes to the darkness around her. A mistake she immediately regretted, the storm was at its zenith and with a clash of thunder and stroke of lightning, a horrifying figure loomed in the newly apparent entranceway of the cave. How long the demon had been there she did not know, but death had found her and she was completely trapped.
	Raised upon its massive, matted, hind legs, the beast swayed slowly back and forth, its rubbery nose inhaling quickly yet deeply, pinpointing her blood ridden body, and smiling.
	Katherine froze; daring not even to breathe, but still it came closer and closer to her rocky hiding place and to her.
	The creature swayed and sniffed, swayed and sniffed, covering every inch of the confining cave. It knew exactly where its toy was hiding; that she had nowhere to run, and with each second the beast prolonged its grisly attack it could smell and taste the fear welling within her. Finally it crept towards the massive stalagmite, the girl’s final resting-place, snapping its saliva dripping jaws and puffing steaming hot breath from its leathery, wrinkled nostrils. This was the moment that it would rip out her still beating heart while she watched on in terror.
	Katherine could only stare in awe as the creature slithered through the cave, covering every inch, smelling for her. Utterly helpless, all she could do was shake her head as it lay against her rocky prison. Then without warning a ray of hope flashed as Katherine felt her head dip into an opening beside her. Whether it was a hole or just a dip in the rock she couldn’t tell, but she had to try and in that same instant the thing leapt over the stalagmite, swinging its massive arms to catch her flesh and rip her open. She shoved her arms into the opening and pulled with all the strength that she could summon within her.
	The monster’s claws screeched in frustration as they scraped the rocky wall and tiny sparks of light exploded in fury. It screamed with the rage of Hell as it managed only to tear off her shoe and not her head. Its ears perked up sensing every vibration, every sound from the room beyond. Its eyes magnifying the lightning to behold its victim scramble against yet another rocky wall grasping at it, pathetically attempting to scurry away from her fate, but no matter how the beast twisted, turned, thrashed, or clawed at the opening its massive upper body would not squeeze through. The demons rage built and its blood boiled as the thing doubled its efforts. Slashing, clawing franticly at the ageless cave wall each time sending sparks flying like fairies escaping from an eternal prison, it tried with all its might to break away the barrier between them and slink through, finally relieving its pain and anger upon the soft pink flesh of the ripe girl inside.
	Again, lightning streaked the sky, lighting the outer room of the cave as well as the monster inhabiting it. With each swipe of the claws, sparks flew into Katherine’s sanctuary, yet the realization that the thing could not fit through the hole had not set in. As franticly as the creature was trying to get in, she was now trying to find something to defend herself with. On her hands and knees, her arms moving wildly back and forth, her hands groping for anything as drastically as it was clawing the wall, her hand came to rest on what she, with a little probing, discovered to be a deformed skull. Disgusted, she screamed and not at the monster for once. She dropped the malformed bone to the sandy ground, and suddenly everything went quiet. With a flash of lightning, the demon had disappeared into the storm and she was finally alone.

Author Notes
Thank you so much for reading Bloodbourne. I hope you enjoyed it and the sneak peeks of not only the sequel to Bloodbourne, but to the first of my Costly Obsession trilogy- Costly Obsession: Animalize. I truly enjoyed writing this story and though I have spent many (many, many, many, many- well you get the point) hours working on it I am only human (at least I think) and I know some errors and typos have slipped through the cracks and for that I am genuinely sorry. I hope they didn’t take away from your enjoyment of the book. If you would like to know more about my books, my upcoming projects, or just to say hi visit my website and sign up for my newsletter.
If you enjoyed Bloodbourne or any of my books please leave a review on any of your favorite review sites. I look forward to hearing from you!

About the Author
Sasha Pruett lives in the southeast with her husband and a very unique cat. (Who is really an alien in a cat suit sent to conquer the earth and subjugate humans one cuddle at a time.) She has been writing for over twenty-five years in a variety of genres and has storylines and outlines for over one-hundred novels in the works. She enjoys hiking, swimming, knitting, painting, gaming, puzzles and devours books by the hundreds. She is a self-professed Geek and is proud to wear her Star Wars, Stitch, and Toothless T-shirts anywhere. Never one to follow the pack she has two personal mottos. The first Temet Nosce Selah, a mixture of Latin and Hebrew meaning "know yourself" and "think about it" and the second being simply- Normal is Boring.

Her website features the hit series The Zombie Chronicles: What to Expect When You’re… Dead, along with sneak previews of her books, trivia, and the latest on upcoming releases. Be sure to check her out on social media. Sign up to receive notices on upcoming releases, blog updates, and codes for free copies of her novels from Smashwords.
www.sashapruett.wordpress.com
Facebook- Sasha Pruett
Twitter- @SashaPruett_


