Caryn’s
Magic Town

A Christmas to remember
~*~


Copyright © 2010 - 2020
Robert H Politz
and
Caryn E Christianson
All rights reserved

www.Politz.com

~*~
No part of this work may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form by any means whether electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without the express written permission of the copyright holders. 

For information regarding permissions, write to:

Robert H Politz
Or
Caryn E Christianson


9849 Masked Duck Ave
Las Vegas, NV 89117.

~*~

“I will honor Christmas in my heart
and try to keep it all the year.”
~ Charles Dickens ~
The Christmas Festival
~*~
“Well, good morning world.” he mumbled while stretching and yawning. “I hope the committee has some new ideas that will make this year’s festival the best one ever.”
This council meeting would be focused only on the upcoming celebration and David was anxious get everything resolved.
“Maybe someone will have the facts on rumors about the Queen not being able to attend this year. I can’t believe she would miss kicking off the celebration. Nah..., It’s probably just some misinformed gossip. Better stop at Annabel’s bakery to pick up some treats.”
Dressed for the day with briefcase in hand, he skipped out the door smiling and whistling a tune.
“Brrrr, bit of a chill out there this morning.” announced the bakery’s first customer of the day as he entered quickly closing the door behind and walking toward the counter. “But…” he added with a huge grin, “…cold air means Christmas is almost here. And I hope, my dear Annabel, you’ll be making your famous hot cross buns again this year. The Queen is not the only one who looks forward to the wonderful taste of your ever so yummy secret recipe.”
“Of course I will David. But I’m not sure if I should make the huge order she always takes back to the castle.”
“Oh…, Really? Why not?”
“They have to be absolutely fresh from the oven when I box them up. Can’t have them sitting around for a day or two. Haven’t you heard? She may be late, or possibly not even coming at all this year.”
“I did hear that rumor but it can’t be right. This is her favorite place to be on Christmas Eve. Is she sick or something?”
“Not sure, a few minutes ago my deliveryman said that something terrible happened. Not sure exactly what, just something terrible. I wish I knew more, but —”
“Oh my, oh my, oh my! You mean it’s not just a rumor? This has never happened before. Since the war ended, she has never ever missed the lighting of the tree. If it’s true this is absolutely dreadful news.”
“Yes. It is. I hope it’s just a rumor. If you find out anything at the town council meeting please let me know if it’s true or not.”
“That I will Annabel. I’m on my way there now. We’ve already selected the tree and we have to arrange getting it here and planted. It’s the biggest one ever. If the Queen is not here to light it…, hmm, oh my.”
“Now don’t forget to be my spy this morning.” chuckled Annabel as she filled a box with pastries. “I’ve heard the rumors but you have to get the facts.”
Holding the box of goodies under his left arm, David saluted. “Yes Ma’am. Will do.” and hurried out the door to the town hall.

Hmm, he thought as his pace quickened, I hope it’s just idle gossip. Or….
He stopped and took a deep breath to calm down, but when he walked into the meeting room, one of the councilmen barked, “There’s David. Maybe he knows something!”
The members immediately surrounded and deluged him from every angle with questions about the Queen’s catastrophe.
“Wait, wait, wait…!” blustered David with his hand in the air. “I was planning on asking you what the truth is. I’ve only just heard this rumor. So who here knows the full story? What are the facts?”
The members looked at each other, shrugged and the room went silent.
“Is there no one here who knows what actually happened?”
The room remained silent.
“Very well then,” said David in his loud announcer’s booming voice, “we have ten minutes before our meeting and I have a box of Anabel’s delicious pastries. Let’s enjoy them before we have to work out the details of getting our tree to the town square.”
Soon, the pastries were gone and logistics of transporting and planting the huge tree were approved.
“All right then. Now let’s talk about keeping everyone safe while the crews do their job getting our tree into the town and planted.”
They discussed how to keep everyone well away as their precious cargo slowly inched its way along the roadways and streets to the central village square and settled on a plan.
The tree’s scheduled arrival day and route was posted in notices that were mailed to every address in the valley. Signs were placed at the town’s welcome gates stating that, on Saturday, when the tree was being moved from train to truck and into the village, the main road would be blocked to all other traffic. 
They also stationed soldiers, dressed in Nutcracker costumes for a bit of holiday charm, all the way to the village square with orders to keep everyone away until the heavy load had safely passed through. Soldiers take their orders quite literally so the council was confident they’d keep everyone out of harm's way.
All was in readiness it seemed –– well, almost everything.  There are some people who just don’t read very much.  This time it was two fishermen, rather nice people but always too busy to read their mail.
~*~
George and Ollie

~*~
Early one morning after they delivered their catch to the wholesaler they decided to drive into Magic Town to see the decorations and perhaps, even have some hot chocolate. This warm sweet seasonal beverage, one they never had at home, would be a rare treat indeed.
They sang and counted the days till Christmas as they drove along the winding country road. It was an enjoyable way to pass the time on a much needed break from their constant hard work. When they reached the fork where the narrow road and the highway merged, a roadblock stood in their way. The entrance gate was only yards away but nutcracker soldiers stood between it and them and, for some reason, as they sat there deciding what to do, they still didn’t read the signs.
George let out a grunt when he saw the barriers. "Dang it," he muttered, along with a few other unintelligible words under his breath.
"Gee George," said his partner. "I don't think we can go in. We didn't buy a ticket or get an invitation for whatever they’re doing today."
"Right –– No tickets –– Well then Ollie," he moaned while shifting gears to turn around, "guess we'll go back home."
"Aw.... I really wanted to see Magic Town and all the decorations."
"Nope. Not today Ollie."
They headed back down the road to North Point and home sweet home. There was no singing during the long ride back and disappointment eventually turned into frustration. So George decided to come up with a different plan for the following week.
(They really should have read their mail… or the signs… or even asked someone!)
A few days later, George was bent over the cleaning table hurrying to finish his work and was so focused on the last fish he didn’t notice his partner walking up behind him.
Ollie looked over his shoulder and blurted out, "Hey, that's a really nice fish you have there! Is that for our ––"
George was so startled by Ollie's sudden appearance that he jerked straight up, lost his grip on the fish and up into the air it flew. "Whoa!" he yelled. "Come back here you!" he sputtered as his hands flailed all about grabbing at the errant fish. It bounced from one hand to the other and sounds of his half said words and sputtering metaphors filled the air until he finally regained his grip.
"Whew," he breathed putting the fish down and glaring at his partner. "For crying out loud Ollie. Don’t sneak up on me like that! You scared the begeebees out of me. You know I hate it when that happens."
"Oh, gee..., sorry George. Um, is that fish for us, tonight, you know, for dinner, for you and me?"
"Well, it almost wasn’t you idio ––" Catching himself in mid-sentence, he sighed and continued. "Oh, never mind. Yes Ollie. Yes, it is.  We had a good catch today and I saved this one for dinner."
"Yeah," said Ollie bending over to look more closely at the fish and feeling a bit embarrassed. "That’ll be really good with that rice thing you make. And those little green balls or, um, I mean sprouts. That’s it, yeah, sprouts. Oh boy. I’m getting hungry already."
"Well don’t get too hungry yet, we still have work to do before dinner."
"Oh, okay George. I’ll go get the wagon so we can finish work and start dinner."
Seconds later Ollie was back with the wagon they used to move fish from the dock up the hill to the ice house. George, however, was oblivious, deep in thought, gazing at the horizon, scratching his chin and smiling about something.
"Here’s the wagon. I changed all the pulleys so it’ll be easier to pull up the hill.”
“Right. Go get the wagon Ollie.”
“George, it’s right over here and I made it better. Now we can take more at a time so we can get..., done..., faster.... George…, George, are you here? I've got the wagon!"
"Hmm, oh yeah, what Ollie?" he mumbled as he awoke from his daydream. Did you get the ––"
"The wagon? Yeah George. Right here, wagon, big wagon, ready to load so we can finish work and have dinner. Remember...? Fish, rice and green balls for dinner."
"Oh –– Right –– Dinner. Hey Ollie, I have an idea.  We always have fish for dinner so let's hurry and put the rest of our catch on ice so we can go see if Magic Town is all set up and decorated yet. We'll just have a snack for now and eat something when we get there. What do you think?"
"Oh, gee, I don’t know George.  Those soldiers wouldn’t let us in last week, remember?"
"Yup, I remember," he said with a sly grin. "That’s why we’re going to sneak in past the roadblocks so the soldiers won't see us."
"Sneak...? Oh yeah. Sneak into Magic Town. That’s a great idea!  Then the soldiers won’t see us and send us home again. Um, how are we going to do that George and, um…, do you think we can sneak in for an early peek tonight…?  Can we, can we…, huh…, tonight…, pleeeeeeez…?"
George squinted at Ollie for a second and then shook his head.  "Isn’t that what I just said?"
"You said.... Oh, right, I guess you did.  Okay but we have to put these fish on ice first. Don’t we?"
George rolled his eyes and started picking up crates.  "Sometimes I wonder about him." he muttered.
He reached for the next crate but stopped when he noticed that Ollie was just standing and watching.  "Well...?" he said glaring at his friend. Then he clenched his fists and shouted, "Don’t just stand there like a dumb statue! Help me put these crates on the wagon!"
Ollie was daydreaming about Magic Town and George’s sudden outburst startled him and hurt his feelings. He jerked backward a step or two and his expression turned into a childlike pout.
"Okay, okay…! You didn’t have to yell George. I’ll help.  I always help. Whenever you need help, I help! I do what you tell me and then other things too."
He continued mumbling as he picked up a crate, put it on the wagon and turned to get the next. "I always help," he continued in a soft grumble. "He didn’t have to yell. I would have helped. He knows I would have. Didn’t have to yell. That was mean. Yelling at me like that."
George heard most of his best friend's muttered words and realized how his angry outburst must have sounded.
His head went down, hands went to his face and he peered through his fingers at his only friend.  A deep sigh escaped his lips as guilt and remorse put a lump in his throat and words of apology in his mouth.
"Look, I’m really sorry Ollie," he began sheepishly, "for yelling at you I mean. I, well…, I lost my temper for a second."  He hung his head again.  "I really am sorry."
The two men had been fishing the rich waters off the coast of Magic Town and selling their catches to the local food distributor for most of their lives and consumers regarded their seafood as the best in the land. It was hard work but they both enjoyed the freedom of being on the open sea and took pride in the quality of fish they provided for most of the local population.
George never thought of Ollie as the brightest person in the world but he was an excellent fisherman and an even better friend. Actually, they were more like brothers, family in fact. Even though he had already apologized, the lump stayed in his throat, his face remained red with embarrassment and he became very, very quiet.
As they continued to silently load the wagon, Ollie reached for another crate but George stopped him.
Ollie, that’s enough or it’ll be too heavy to pull up the hill."
His partner hesitated for only a second before continuing to load crate after crate onto the wagon.
George was puzzled. He knew how much weight they pulled up the hill every day and the wagon was already over their limit. "Stop!" he ordered. But Ollie kept loading without interruption. "Stop, that’s enough!" he yelled, but crate after crate continued to be stacked onto the wagon by his silent partner.
George stepped back, took off his gloves and watched Ollie putting even more crates onto the wagon. "I’m –– I'm really sorry I got mad at you." he said hoping for forgiveness.
Ollie finally stopped and chuckled. "I know you are."  Then he put a hand on George’s shoulder.  "Don’t worry.  I’m not mad at you.  I know I don’t get it sometimes. And..., well..., I just wanted to make you um..., stew in your own bed for a while."
"Stew in my own bed…?  Ollie, that's supposed to be stew in ––" Then, he thought better of correcting the man he had just verbally attacked. "Oh never mind. I get it. I totally get it. You’re right.  And I guess I deserved that silent treatment."
Ollie smiled and stared at George for several seconds, still silent, gloating a little.  He wasn’t going to let his partner off that easily.
"Okay, okay Ollie, I do get it! I really did deserve it. You win. I was a jerk. Okay?"
"Yup, you were."
George sighed. "Okay, are we done?"
"Yup. Guess so."
"Good. Now let’s get this wagon up to the –– Oh no, look at it. Too full, too heavy! We’ll never be able to pull all this up ––"
Ollie put his hand on George’s shoulder and pointed up with his index finger as if to say "Wait a minute and watch this." Then he walked over to the end of the dock and began cranking a pulley wheel. The wagon started moving up the hill and George's mouth opened in amazement.
"Ollie, how… how did you do that?"
"It’s just ship’s rigging George, block and tackle. And I installed a safety brake on the crank and the track. That's what the clicking noise is. If something happens to the ropes or a block, the safety pawls lock the wagon in place so it won't roll back down the hill. I finished it this morning before you were awake!"
George was speechless.
"What do you think? Is it okay?"
He watched as Ollie easily cranked the heavily loaded wagon all the way up the hill and then examined the pulleys and ropes. "How did you learn how to build such a complicated thing Ollie?" he asked trying to figure out the pattern of loops and blocks.
"I read a book George. You said we had no time to read the mail and you put it in a drawer somewhere so I read a book on ship’s rigging. Block and tackle, it’s the same idea and, it works."
Ollie's invention did work, quite well in fact. So well they could pull three times the weight up the hill in each load.
In short order, they finished putting their catch into the ice house and gave each other a "high-five".
"Good, we’re done, and in record time thanks to you." chuckled George. "Come on, let’s get cleaned up and go see what they’re doing in Magic Town."
"Cool! Okay George, let’s do it!"
They went inside, washed, had a quick bite to eat and hurried out the door. The fish, rice and 'green balls' as Ollie called them, would have to wait till another day but when Ollie headed toward the garage, George yelled. "Not that way, come on, we have to walk!"
Ollie stopped dead in his tracks and spun around. "Walk, we can’t ride in the truck?  I fixed it so it runs better now –– and the heater works too –– and it's really cold out tonight."
"You fixed it? Well, that’s great but it’s way too noisy.  The guards would hear us coming and stop us.  We have to sneak in remember?"
"Oh –– Right –– Sneak, um, couldn’t we drive most of the way and then walk for just the last bit? It’s a long way to ––"
"No Ollie, I told you, the truck makes too much noise.  We’d get caught for sure."
"But I put a new ––" 
George held up his hand, "We’ll walk!"
 "–– muffler on it too. And it's ––"
"Let’s go Ollie.  It’s a long walk."
"–– and I, uh, um…. George...?"
"Yeah, what now?"
"Maybe we could ride the train."
"What train?"
"You know. Those tracks up by the west hill, there must be a train because the tracks are shiny from the wheels."
"Nope, come on, we’ll walk. Don’t know about any trains. Don’t even know where they might go. We’ll walk –– on the road –– come on. Let's go."
"Okay George.  Wait a minute though.  I have to go get my backpack."
"What do you need a backpack for?"
"To carry some things. You’ll see. Don’t worry. I’ll be right back."
George scowled as he began to shiver from the cold. "I wish he’d hurry" he mumbled while shifting from one foot to the other.  "What’s he talking about anyway… carrying stuff… what stuff?" He continued shifting his weight back and forth, grumbling and becoming ever more impatient. "It is really cold tonight. Maybe we should take the truck. If he fixed the muffler, it might ––" Then fear took him over. "Nope, no way, I don’t want to get arrested by those soldiers. Nope, we’ll walk.  I’ll warm up when we start moving.  Yup, we’ll walk."
Minutes later, Ollie burst out through the front door hollering, "Here I am George! I’ve got everything, I think.  Are you ready?"
"Am I ready?" he retorted sarcastically, "It’s about time! What took you so long?  Come on, let’s go. My feet are really cold."
"Okay George.  I’m coming. But... if your feet are cold, we could take the truck and turn on the heater ––"
"We'll walk!"
"–– or the train. We could take ––"
"Ollie..., that's enough! We'll walk. And we'll be quiet. And we won't get caught and arrested. Got it?"
With a quick glance at the truck and then at his friend's cold red face, Ollie quietly said, "Okay George."
~*~
A Long Cold Walk
~*~
Their route took them along the shoreline on a winding rural road that passed very close to the front of a lighthouse. As it came into view, George stopped.
"Wait a minute Ollie," he whispered. "Shush. We have to be really quiet going by here. The lighthouse keeper and his family might see us and ask where we’re going. If they want to come too, there’ll be so many of us that we won’t be able to sneak past the guards."
"Oh –– Right –– Yeah. Okay George. I’ll crouch down really, really, really low so they do not see us." He scooched down and began waddling like a duck past the lighthouse.
Watching Ollie moving like some sort of sneaky bird made George almost burst out laughing before he regained control and continued walking, upright, behind him.
They tip-toed past the lighthouse trying to be silent but the cold hard surface was not going to cooperate. Crystallized snow creaked under their boots and ice cracked and popped as their weight shattered fragile its surface.
George grabbed Ollie’s shoulder and whispered, "Shush.... Be quiet! Stop making all those crunching noises."
"I can’t help it George." He looked down at the ground searching for a spot for his next step. "The snow is so cold it’s –– it’s –– It’s really creaky and noisy."
"Just be careful where you walk."
Ollie took another step, the snow groaned out another creaking noise and his face scrunched into frustration as he looked at George and whispered, "And it looks like the road ahead is even worse. How are we going to be quiet walking over all this ice and snow?" Suddenly he saw a pair of snow skis stuck in a drift next to the mailbox. "Hey, see that?" he said a little louder than George would have liked. "Those might ––"
"Quiet!" blustered George with a light slap on his friend's arm. "See what? Where?"
"Over there. Those snow skis over there, see? Maybe I can ––"
"Shush Ollie! Geeeezzz!"
"Oh. Right. Quiet, shush, got it. Anyway, if I use those skis maybe I can slide right over the top without breaking the ice and making so much noise. Wud-da-ya think?"
"Okay, anything to get us past this house. I didn’t know you could ski."
Ollie held up a finger as if to say, watch this, and quietly approached the mailbox. His mouth twisted back and forth as if mentally chewing on some kind of decision while examining the two long strips of wood. Then, with a quick jerk, he pulled them from the snow-bank and placed them on the ground.
"Well..." he began as he slid his feet into the straps, "... I’ve never tried this before so..." Slowly and carefully, he stood upright. "I don’t really know if I can but it can’t be too hard."
Finally, he was standing fully upright and grinning. But when he tried to take a step, the skis suddenly slid forward straight out from under him. "Whoa!" he yelled from a nearly horizontal position in mid-air a split second before slamming, back first, onto the hard ground with a very loud thud.
George’s mouth went agape and he glanced up at the house before jumping down to the ground next to Ollie's still body. "Shush. Don’t move," he whispered. "Stay still.  Maybe they didn’t hear that." Ollie didn’t respond.  "Ollie..., Ollie...? Oh no! Ollie, are you okay?"
He kept nudging his friend to get a response but the fall had knocked the wind out of his lungs and several worrisome moments went by before he could manage a response.
"Ouch," wheezed Ollie taking a deep breath and coughing. "Ow. That really hurt. Skiing is hard. Guess I won’t try to do that ––"
"Shush. Be quiet."
Ollie murmured, "Okay George."
George peered around the edge of the snowdrift and saw several people looking out through windows. Ollie's thud had indeed stirred the lighthouse keeper's family and they were about to investigate the unusual sounds outside their isolated home.
"Gee, I hope ––"
"Shush." whispered George.
Another minute went by.
"George, this ground is cold."
"Shush."
More minutes passed and a very large man burst out from the front door hollering. "Who's out there? Who’s there I say? Show yourself whoever you are!"
The fishermen stayed huddled together behind the snowdrift as the big burly man with the booming voice, trailed by his wife and children, took a few steps out from the door and looked around.
"Who’s there?" he shouted again. The cold windless night gave him no answer. He folded his arms, squinted, and peered out into the shadows of moonlight on pure white snow and glistening ice. Finally, he shook his head and walked back toward the door. "It’s probably just a stray dog," he yelled at his family. "Go back inside. Twern't nothin' of concern!"
George carefully peeked over the snow, waiting, watching, and after several minutes, the family's curiosity waned. Silhouettes could no longer be seen in the windows and he breathed a deep sigh of relief.
"Whew, that was close," he whispered. "Okay Ollie, no more skis. Just walk..., on your feet. And try not to walk on the thin ice would you? Stay on the tracks in the road! Okay?"
"Um, okay George, I’ll be really, really quiet. I won’t make a sound. You won’t hear me make any noise at all. I’ll be as quiet as ––"
George put his hand over Ollie’s mouth.  "Okay, okay, I got it. You'll be quiet. Now, shush. Be quiet right now would ya?"
"Mumph –– Okay George –– Thupth, phit, pithooey!" sputtered Ollie as he tried to spit something foul from his mouth. "Thupth, thupth! Your glove tastes like fish George. Really old fish. Blachhhh!"
George glanced at his gloves and shrugged. "Fish…? Well, yeah..., from work. These are the only gloves I have."
"Old fish George, very, very old fish. How long have you had those gloves?"
"For about, um, about –– Oh, never mind. Come on, let’s sneak down past that turn in the road. Then we should be okay."
"Okay George. Phitoooee. Really old fish."
“That’s because they’re good gloves and I’ve been using them for a long time.”
Ollie kept wiping his mouth and George kept looking at his gloves as they walked on the hard tire tracks past the lighthouse and round the turn. These are good gloves he thought. I don't know when I got them, maybe a year or two ago, maybe four or five. Oh who cares? They're really good gloves!
After they were completely out of sight from the lighthouse, George said, "Whew. Okay, we made it. Now we can walk a lot faster."
Dusk had finally faded into the darkness of a cold winter night and moonlight lit their path with eerie shadows that seemed to dance through the trees as they moved along the twists and turns of their chosen path.
It was a seldom used coastline road that ran south from a northern highway turnoff past their home, past the lighthouse and up a steep hill to reconnect with the main highway just outside the town’s entrance gate. Their daily trips to deliver fish took them a short quarter-mile north to the highway. But George’s fear of being arrested caused him to choose the rarely used narrow twisting costal road instead.
Only the crunching sound from their boots disturbed the icy still air until eventually, Ollie began to complain. "I wish it wasn’t so far away," he muttered through the scarf covering his mouth.
George nodded and mumbled, "Yeah."
"And I wish it wasn’t so cold!" Ollie continued.
George silently scowled.
"And I wish it wasn’t so slippery!"
George nodded and uttered a little grunt.
As Ollie continued muttering complaint after complaint, George's irritation finally got the better of him.
"Ollie! Would you ––" Then he remembered his earlier outburst and stopped mid-sentence grinding his teeth in frustration.
"What were you going to say George?"
"Nothing Ollie, nothing. It was nothing."
"I wish we could have taken the truck instead of walking in this really cold air along this really long road on this really dark ––"
"Okay! Enough!" yelled George stopping in his tracks and grabbing Ollie’s arm. "Okay, look..., we couldn’t take the truck because it would have made too much noise. And I can’t do anything about the weather or the distance or the snow on the ground either. So please stop moaning and whining and let’s just get there and have some fun! Okay?"
"Oh –– Um –– Okay George."
"All right then. Let’s go!"
Their walking increased to a faster pace and for the next half-hour, they were both silent. Then Ollie started to whistle. George just listened for a while but the tune was quite catchy, perfect for cadence and he found himself walking in step with the melody. It made the time pass more quickly and soon they were both smiling and making up words for the tune.
For the next two hours they whistled and hummed and sang. Neither the distance nor the cold hampered their jovial Christmas cheer evident in their smiles and bouncing steps.
Eventually, they saw a haze of light in the sky ahead. "George," chuckled Ollie, "I think that’s it. Magic Town. We’re almost there."
"Yup, looks like you're right." whispered George trying to be quiet again. "Okay, now we need to find a good path." He looked all around squinting, and then pointed. "Over there. That one looks good."
"Where?" asked Ollie trying to see what George was talking about. "I don't see anything."
"Right over there, between those two big trees. Can't you see it?"
"You mean walk through the woods? Why would we go through the woods? This road goes right up to the main street in the village, right into the gate."
"Soldiers –– Remember?"
Ollie thought for a second. "Oh –– right –– soldiers. We have to hide from the soldiers. Are you sure we have to hide George? Maybe if we asked really nice, they might let us ––"
George cut off his friend's words with a slap to the shoulder and glared. "No way Ollie! I am not going to get arrested by some stupid soldier and thrown in jail for not having a ticket!"
"Oh –– Okay," mumbled Ollie frowning, "I guess you know best."
"Yes, I do. Now follow me. We’ll take that trail through the woods and they'll never see us coming. Then we can sneak right past their roadblock and into the town. Come on, let's go." He jumped over the snow bank and started walking but, a few yards into the woods, he stopped. "Dang it!" he muttered! "All these pine trees are blocking the moonlight. I can’t see a thing!"
Ollie pulled a flashlight from his backpack and lit up the knee deep snow toward the trees and rocks ahead.  "Does this help?" he asked with a smirk.
"Wow, yeah, it sure does. Where’d you get the light?"
"I thought we might need it..., you know..., dark and all. So I put it in my back pack."
George mumbled, "Of course –– Dark –– Duh!" His embarrassment at not thinking to bring one himself was evident even in the dark. "Good thinking Ollie." was all he could mutter as his face turned red with humiliation.
Ollie flashed the light at his friend for a second before turning it back to the path ahead. "Good job Ollie. Brilliant! Thanks!"
Ollie grinned and on they went following George's chosen path. Walking in the knee deep snow was difficult enough on flat ground but farther in, it changed to an upward angle making each step a challenge to keep one's balance in the slippery soft white stuff covering rocks and dirt and who knew what else.
They trudged slowly, carefully and for Ollie, quite grudgingly up the wooded terrain until they saw a mountain standing squarely between them and their goal.
When Ollie illuminated the steep rocks and hanging ice ahead, he stopped and stared. "Whoa! I don’t know George. That looks ––"
"Oh come on. The village is just on the other side of that hill and there are no guards around here. All we have to do is climb up there and sneak down the other side. It'll be easy as pie."
Ollie squinted at the precarious path ahead. "Easy for you maybe. That mountain looks awfully slippery, and steep. I wish we’d taken the road instead. It goes right to the entrance of the village and we could just ––"
"No we couldn’t!" barked George sarcastically. "That’s where the guards are! Remember? They sent us away last week and if we get caught again, they’ll arrest us and throw us in jail!"
"Oh, yeah, jail. That would spoil our day for sure." Then he pointed his light back up the hill and stared at the ice covered rocks. "George...?"
"What?"
"Are you sure we can make it all the way to the top? It looks awfully high, and steep too."
"Of course we can. It’s only a little hill. Stop whining and follow me. And be quiet. I don’t see any guards but we don’t want them to hear us arguing."
"Um," he stared at the hill, took a very deep breath and slowly let it out through pursed lips. "Well, okay George. You know best."
They carefully worked their way through the snow, over rocks and around icy crevices toward the top of the hill stopping just a few feet below its crest.
"Whew. See Ollie? I told you we could make this climb. It’s just a little bit further. Now, be careful. It gets really steep up here."
"Um, yup. I’m right behind you George."
"Careful now, this last bit is really, really steep and slippery. So hang on tight and don’t make any noise. Just a little bit further. We’re almost there." After getting a solid foothold on a flat rock, he reached down, grabbed Ollie's coat collar and strained to pull him up. "Orawow –– Umph, Come... on" he growled. "Get your feet on something. I can't pull any harder."
"I've... got it... George...." squeaked Ollie choking and trying to loosen the tight collar of his jacket from George's hand. "I'm... on the... ledge." he rasped with the last bit of air in his lungs. "You can let go... of my neck now... so I can... breath."
"Oh. Right. Sorry. I didn't want you to fall."
Ollie rolled his head, coughed, loosened his collar and gave George an incredulous glare but didn't say his usual, Okay George.
"Wow, look at all those lights down there Ollie. Look––at––that!  See? I told you we could make it. "He looked around and his grin widened. And look. No guards!"
"Yeah George, you did say that. And you were right. Here we are but ––"
"But what, what is it now?"
"Well, we’re way up here on this mountain and the village is way down there. How are we going to get down to the bottom?"
"Oh Ollie, we’ll just... um, we’ll just ––" Then he looked down at the steep snow covered incline. "Yeah. That looks really steep. We’ll have to be even more careful on the way down."
"Told ya George."
"I think we should've brought a rope Ollie. Then we could use it to ––"
"You mean like this?" chuckled Ollie as he pulled a coil of rope from his backpack.
"Oh. Yeah! Like that. How did you know? How did you even think of bringing a rope?"
"Gee, I don’t know George. When you said sneak in, I thought it might come in handy. But I still think we should’ve taken the road."
"The guards Ollie. Remember the guards?" he shot back. "They would have turned us away, or arrested us."
"Oh yeah, the guards. Well, maybe they would've let us through this time. I mean, if Magic Town is open, you know, to the public, they might have. Are they open yet George?"
"I don’t know but look down there. It’s beautiful.  And besides, you brought a rope so we can get down and go looking around."
"Oh okay. Um…, George…?"
"What now?"
"What do we tie the rope to?"
"Well, we could ––" George’s neck twisted all the way around as he surveyed the area. "There must be something we could tie it to."
"I don’t see anything."
"Well..." he scanned every bit of the area. “I guess you’re right. I don’t see anything either. Guess we’ll just have to stay up here and look at what we can see from this spot."
"Yup, guess so. It’s pretty cold up here."
"Hey. Look down there Ollie. See that big Christmas tree in the middle of the square?"
"Oh yeah. It’s all decorated and people are dancing in front of it, or working on it, or something, but the lights aren't on. Anyway, it looks like they’re having a lot of fun. I wish we were down there instead of way up here on this really cold mountain."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah Ollie. I know, I know. I wish we were down there too. Come on, maybe we can get a better view if we move over there."
"Okay George."
The flat area George was referring to was only a few yards away but to get there they had to walk along a thin ledge that was only wide enough for a toehold. Ollie looked down at the ledge and the sheer drop below.
"George, are you sure you want to try that? It looks awfully dangerous."
"Oh Ollie, don't be a wuss. Just hang on to the top with both hands and we'll walk sideways over to that rock. Now go ahead and I'll be right behind you."
"Oh…, Okay George."
He gripped the top edge of the rocks with both hands, took a step or two on the thin ledge at his feet and then moved his hands to the next piece of stone he could firmly hold. They inched sideways with Ollie feeling the ledge under his toes and carefully kicking ice and snow away before putting his full weight on it.
"We're almost there George."
He pulled himself up on his stomach, then onto the flat rock and turned around holding out a hand to his partner. "Grab my hand George. I'll pull you up."
After brushing the snow off their coats, they stood up on the overhang and a spectacular scene of bright lights and decorations on buildings, trees, lampposts and the shops below made them smile in awe.
"Wow! Look at all those lights," exclaimed Ollie, "And the trees, and the parks, and the houses, and the streets; that's way cool."
"Yeah, it looks great but, whew!"
"But what George...?"
"I’m sure glad we didn’t try to go down this hill!"
"Why?"
"Because, look at all those people at the bottom. They would’ve seen us sneaking in and we would’ve gotten caught for sure, probably even arrested for trespassing and maybe even thrown in jail."
"Uh huh...," retorted Ollie in disbelief. “Um, I don’t see any jail George."
"Can’t see it from here but I’m sure there is one someplace down there."
"Wish we were down there."
"Why Ollie? We can see everything from up here. Lights, decorations and the stores?"
"Yup! Still wish we were down there though."
"Ollie...!" blustered George looking irritated. "Why do you keep saying that? Do you want to get arrested and go to jail?"
"Nope."
By this time, George was not only irritated but curious as well. "Okay! What exactly are you saying Ollie? We came to see a beautiful sight and there it is. What else do you want?"
"Hot chocolate, I'd like to have a nice warm cup of hot chocolate."
George threw up one hand and rolled his eyes. "Well I'm sorry mister guest of the party who wants a cup of hot chocolate but I didn't bring any because I don't have one of those thermos things. And I don't have any chocolate to make the stuff with either."
"I don't have a thermos or any chocolate either. But the lady going back into that shop down there just brought out a whole tray of hot chocolate and served it to all those people. And I still don't see any jail. They've got hot chocolate and we've got a perch on a really cold pile of rocks. Yup! I'd rather be down there."
"Oh, for crying out loud, come on. Let’s move further over there so we can see a little more. Then we’ll go home before someone sees us and throws us in the jail that you can't see!" Ollie's mouth opened but George held up a finger and blustered, "Uh-uh. No arguments."
His friend's expression turned into a disappointed pout. "Okay George," he mumbled. "But if we climb up on that next ledge and we still can't see a jail, can we go down to get a hot chocolate?"
"Oh for crying out loud Ollie. Just go would ya. I'll be right behind you."

~*~
The Train to North Point
~*~
They climbed a bit higher to another ledge but, just as they found a reasonably safe place to stand up, a loud voice startled them so much they jumped and almost fell.
"Hey! What are you two doing? It’s dangerous up here. You could fall and hurt yourselves."
"Yikes!" they both yelled as they looked up and saw a very irritated cold blue-white figure of a man standing above their heads.
"Hello" said Ollie with a nervous smile. Then he put his hand next to his mouth and whispered to George, "He doesn’t look happy."
"Oh, hello." mumbled George while trying to think. "We were just ––"
"You were just what?" barked the strange man in his shrill nasal sounding voice.
"Um, we just wanted to see the lights down there. You know, the Christmas lights?"
"Then what are you doing way up here, are you far-sighted or something?"
Ollie scratched his chin and squinted at the odd looking character.
"Let me try George. Um, hey mister, are you that Frosty guy I read about once? You know, that guy in all those books with all kinds of stories and pictures and ––" 
"Frosty!" he screeched obviously offended. "You think I'm Frosty..., a snowman..., big and round like three white balls with a carrot nose and a stupid looking hat? Do I look like a snowman to you? Are you blind?"
"Well, yes, I did, I mean you do, sort of, I mean, I just thought that ––"
Ollie wasn’t quite sure what to say after all that screeching but he was all white and frosty looking. Although, certainly not shaped like three large snowballs with a hat on top.
"Um, no, I guess not. I mean, you do look kind of cold, sort of, and, well.... Who are you anyway?"
"I’m Jack Frost," he barked defiantly his with hands on his hips. "And just who are you two... um, people?" Then he looked all around and waved his hand by his nose. "Whew, what's that awful smell? Do I smell fish..., old fish?" Then he looked down at his feet twisting them up to see the soles. "I must have stepped in something somewhere. Phew, yuck!"
George, who usually did all the talking for both of them, was still quite speechless so Ollie nervously spat out their story.
"Well Mr. Frost, this is George and my name is Ollie. We just wanted to see Magic Town but the guards wouldn’t let us in last week and we decided to come back this week and we just ––"
A two second deep breath interrupted his rapid mini-dissertation before he went on.
"–– we just decided to come here really quietly and not make any noise so the guards wouldn’t catch us and we climbed up this hill and, oh yeah, we had to sneak past the lighthouse because if they heard us they would have wanted to come too and if they did there would be so many of us that we would get caught and the ice and snow was noisy but we found some skis ––"
He sucked in another deep breath and suddenly realized that Jack and George were staring at him with their mouths open in disbelief. He glanced back and forth from one to the other and slowed his words to a crawl.
"–– so... we got here... and... there was this hill... and... and we just climbed up and… um..."
Then, looking down and scraping one foot back and forth, he quickly blurted out his last sentence in one fast apologetic finale.
"We just wanted to see the Christmas lights in Magic Town."
For a few seconds, Jack silently stared at the two, closed his eyes and shook his head. "Who…" he exclaimed with his hands in the air "…could possibly follow whatever it was that you just said?  You guys are really strange!"
"I knew we’d get caught" mumbled George shaking his head back and forth. "I just knew it. I knew it would happen. I knew it would."
"But George, he’s not a guard."
"We got caught Ollie. We got caught. I knew we would. I just knew it."
"Yeah but ––"
"Don’t yeah but me Ollie, we got caught!"
"Yeah but ––"
"Now we’re going to jail. I just know it!"
"Yeah but ––"
"I’ve never been in jail.  I’ve never done anything wrong but now, we’re going to jail.  I just know it. I know it, I know it, I know it!"
"Yeah but ––"
Jack closed his eyes, shook his head and yelled, "Hey –– Okay –– Enough! Will you two stop it! You’re not going to jail."
"We’re not?" they both asked with a puzzled expression and a slight smile.
"You mean you’re not going to arrest us or call the guards?" queried George.
"Of course not, why would I do that? Anyway, you two should get down off this mountain before you fall and break your heads even more than they are already broken!" Then he turned and chuckled at his own joke.
"Oh –– Yeah –– Right, we can do that," retorted George. "We’re on our way, right now. See? We're going. Come on Ollie, we’ll leave right now."
He started back toward the slippery path they had climbed up but Ollie hesitated and Jack threw up a hand and yelled, "Hey!"
George froze, slowly turned back toward Jack and mumbled, "Um, yes, what's wrong? Not fast enough?"
"Not that way you ––" barked Jack mumbling his last word and shaking his head. "Take this path over here!"
"Path…?" George squinted to see what Jack was talking about. "Path…, what path...?"
Ollie looked toward the other side of the rock ledge and took two steps. "Hey George, I think he means this one over here. And it’s not even covered with snow or ice or anything."
George’s face turned bright red when he moved to the corner and saw the clear well-kept route to the bottom. "Oh! Yeah, I knew that." he muttered unconvincingly.
Ollie snickered and replied with his usual, "Okay George."
"I knew there was a path Ollie. I just thought that frosty guy wanted us to go back the way we came."
"Sure George," replied Ollie with a sarcastic snicker.
"I did!"
"Sure George." This time he chuckled slightly.
George sighed and exclaimed, "Well I did!"
"Okay George. Okay, I believe you. Can we go now?"
George cleared his throat. "Ah-hum, sure, this way Ollie, the path is this way. Just follow me."
Ollie shrugged his shoulders and started to follow but suddenly, George abruptly stopped in his tracks and looked up at Jack. "Um, Mr. Frosty, where does this path go?"
"My name is not Frosty you idi –– Ah-hmm, sorry for that. I guess I’m a bit grumpy. Anyway, that path takes you safely down to the village. Did you want to go somewhere else?"
George’s mouth dropped open. "To the village? Oh no. We can’t go down to the village. We’ll get caught."
"Ha! And why would anyone want to catch you two?"
George shuffled his feet and hemmed and hawed so Ollie leaned close and whispered, "Tell him George."
George looked down and quietly mumbled. "Aw, cause the guards wouldn’t ––"
"What?" yelled Jack, "What are you mumbling about? Speak up!"
George looked up at Jack and gulped.
“If you don’t speak up I won’t be able to hear you. Phew! There’s that fishy smell again. That’s awful. Where is that coming from?”
Ollie was thinking of George’s very old gloves and trying not to laugh.
 "Because ––" he began with a humiliated look. "Because, last week we came here and the guards wouldn’t let us in and we decided to sneak in so we could see all the decorations and we, um..., we don’t have any money to get in and they might arrest us and throw us in jail for trespassing or something. There! I said it."
Jack looked at the fishermen for a few seconds, closed his eyes and shook his head, mumbling "Wow, I don’t believe it." Then he looked squarely at George and snarled. "You don’t need any money to get in to Magic Town and you should have gone through the front gate instead of climbing all the way up here. Don’t you read your mail? Didn’t you see the signs?"
The fishermen looked at each other and silently mouthed, "Mail…? Signs…?"
"I told ya so." Ollie cried out impatiently. "I said we should open that envelope the mailman left in our mailbox. See George? I told ya so."
"Well then." replied George looking a bit defensive. Why didn’t the guards let us in last week? They told us we couldn’t stay there so we drove all the way back home and that’s why we walked here tonight, so we wouldn’t get caught and sent home again… or arrested and put in jail."
"Yeah Mr. Frost, George is right. That's what we did. And it’s a really, really long walk. Really cold too."
"Last week...? Then you must have been here when they were bringing in the big tree. Why didn't you wait till it passed by and they opened the road? And what on earth ever possessed you to walk all the way tonight?"
"We had to. Ollie wanted to drive but our truck is broken, the muffler. It’s really noisy so we had to walk so no one would hear us."
Ollie shuffled his feet, looked down and mumbled, "I fixed it George. Remember?"
"Yeah but it still would’ve been too noisy."
"Nope. It’s quiet now. And the heater works too, nice and warm. And it runs like new since I tuned it up."
A dumbfounded expression flushed over George's face when he heard that. "You tuned it up? Where did you learn how to do that?"
"That day you were talking all that time with the guy who buys our fish. I got really bored waiting so I went into the garage next door and a mechanic showed me how to do it. George, did you know there are spark plugs and points and a condenser in the truck, just like in the boat? So anyway, I got ––"
"Okay, okay. I get it! So we could’ve taken the truck. You should’ve told me."
"I tried to but you kept ––" He suddenly realized he didn't want to make his best friend look like a total jerk so he took a breath and said, "Yeah, I guess you’re right George. I should’ve told you. It would've saved us a lot of walking in the cold tonight."
Half way between a chuckle and a frustrated sigh, Jack interrupted their discussion. "Are you two always like this?" Then, with a shake of his head, he held up his hands. "On second thought, never mind. I probably don't want to know. Sheeesh! Where do you two live?" he asked with a slightly sarcastic chuckle. "Is it far, far, far away?"
George noticed Jack's demeanor and hesitated for a few seconds until Ollie nudged him. "Out on the point." he said in a rather dejected tone, "Just past the lighthouse. Why?"
"I see. Then, why didn’t you just take the train from the North Point passenger stop?"
"I told ya so George.  We could've taken the train. I told you. I saw the tracks."
"Quiet Ollie. Mr. Frosty…, uh…, Frost, I meant Frost, sorry. Mr. Frost, I’ve got it now… Frost. Um, we didn’t have any money for train fare."
"Ha! You don’t need any. The train is free."
"I told ya so George. We could've ridden instead of walking in the cold!"
"Quiet Ollie…!  What do you mean it’s free?"
"The train is free, no fare, no money needed, free, as in free to ride it. Read my cold blue lips George. F-R-E-E as in freeeeeeeeeeee! Got it?"
"I told ya so George."
"Ollie, if you say that again, I’ll –– Ah-hmm, free you say?  We can ride it free, just get on it and ride. No money huh?"
"Correct-a-mundo Georgee boy. But it sounds like Ollie already told you that."
George folded his arms, scrunched up his face and gritted his teeth.  "Eeeeeeeeurgh… looks like I owe you another apology Ollie."
"That’s okay George." replied Ollie with a huge grin.  "You do it all the time. I don't mind. Come on, let’s go down the path and see the village.  Okay?"
George was still making that Eeeeeeeeurgh sound as Jack watched them walk down the path. He sighed and shook his head. But, before they disappeared around the corner he yelled. "Hey! Come back tomorrow in the morning.  You can ice skate, play hockey and don’t forget to ride––the––train!  It’s free… it’s all FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
Ollie grabbed his friend's shoulder. "Hey George...?"
"What Ollie, what is it now?"
"Can we come back in the morning?"
George stopped and thought for a second. "Yeah, good idea. It’ll take us three hours to walk home and it’s already getting late.  Okay, let’s go back up the path and head home."
"Okay, but ––"
"But what Ollie? What is it now?"
"I think we should keep going down this path so we can get over there," he said pointing.
"Over where… you mean over there… to that building… with the tracks next to it… tracks, railroad tracks, that looks like a train station.  Ollie, that looks like a train station!"
Ollie grinned.  "Yeah, and it’s fre ––"
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know" said George as he walked away and waved both hands in the air. "It’s Freeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
As they rounded the corner and disappeared down the path, Jack turned to head up the mountain and then he noticed something. "That awful smell," he muttered, "It's gone. Whew! Glad of that. Wonder what it was?"
Down the path, through an alley, across the square and right through the front door of the station they went. "Good evening boys.  What’s your destination tonight?" asked a man standing behind a counter.
"Oh, hi Mr. Conductor. George and I live out on the point and we want to go home. Can we do that?"
"Well, I’m not the conductor but I think I can help. We have a stop just past the lighthouse out there. Will that do or do you have to go further?"
"Oh boy, that sounds perfect. Do you think that’s perfect George? It sounds perfect."
"I think so. Um, which lighthouse are you talking about Mr. uh, what is your name?"
"Why, I’m Charlie, the ticket-master.  It’s my job to help you get on the right train. Now, do you want to go to the North Point or the South Point? We have free passage to both this time of the year."
"The South Point…?  We’ve never been there George.  Can we go see it… can we huh?"
"No Ollie, it’s getting late. We have to go home and go to bed. You want to come back tomorrow don’t you?"
"Oh yeah. I forgot.  Okay, let’s go home. Sir…, Charlie I mean, we want to go to the North Point. Can we do that?"
"Absolutely." said Charlie as he printed two tickets.  "Here you are. Show them to the conductor and he’ll have the train stop at your station. Also, there’s a schedule on the back so you’ll know when the train comes by tomorrow. How’s that for service?"
"Whooooie!" exclaimed Ollie as he read the ticket.  Wow, that’s really great. See George, I told ya so."
George rolled his eyes. "Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know. And it’s…" And together the two fishermen sang out the word, "Freeeeeeeee!"
They walked outside, sat on a bench and within a few minutes, old number twelve came rumbling in and screeched to a stop. People got off and people got on but they weren’t sure if this was the right train so George opened the door and stuck his head inside the station.
"Oh Charlie… uh Mr. ticket-master… Sir…?"
Charlie looked up and started to laugh. "Yes Sir, that’s the one. Just board and take a seat and you’ll be home in a few minutes."
"Okay, thank you. Thank you very much Charlie."
The train’s whistle let out a long blast, the conductor yelled, "All aboard…!" and Ollie and George ran to the first passenger car. Meanwhile, Charlie was looking around his desk and in every corner searching for the source of an awful fishy smell.
"Step right in and take a seat" said the conductor. They ran up the steps and down the aisle of the car. "There’s a seat by the window George. I’ve never been on a train before. Is it scary?"
"I’ve never been on one either Ollie but I’ve seen them go by when we deliver our fish. They look really cool and I don’t think anyone gets scared."
As they made their way through the crowd toward their seats, a very nervous man came running up the aisle.  "Excuse me" he said holding out his hand as if it would clear his path.  "Excuse me… excuse me… I have to get off. Most urgent, this is my stop! Please let me pass…. I must get off here!"
George and Ollie didn’t know which way to move. For a moment, they bumped into each other and blocked the aisle.
"Please, please, please, let me pass!" said the little man. "I have a most urgent message to deliver and I mustn’t be late."
He squeezed between the fishermen and scurried out the door into the crowd. George looked at Ollie and shrugged. "Guess we’d better take these seats."
Ollie sat close to the window and stared at the crowd. "George, look at all those people. I’ve never seen that many in one place. They must be touring Magic Town just like us."
"Yup, looks that way."
"And they took the train too."
"Yup, looks that way."
"And they rode in on the train instead of walking through the snow and climbing over a huge mountain…, in the cold."
George glared at Ollie. "Yup."
"And they didn’t pay cause it’s free."
"Okay Ollie. Next time you do the plan. Okay…? Will that shut you up for a while?"
"Gee George, thanks."
With a huge grin, Ollie settled back in his seat. The whistle sounded and the train started moving. Instead of walking all the way back, they were riding in the comfort of a Magic Town Express heated passenger car rapidly rolling toward their home at North Point.
They smiled and gave each other a "high-five" before settling down to enjoy their first ever train ride.
And..., it was Freeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
~*~
The Royal Courier
~*~
Ollie was so excited about riding the train and spending a day in Magic Town his eyes popped open before the sun had even begun to light the horizon. "Oh boy," he mumbled, "this is going to be fun!"
After a few minutes of looking at the dark window, rolling over and covering his head to sleep a bit longer, he could stand it no more. He went to the bathroom, then back to bed, then to George’s open door, back to bed and finally to his sleeping friend to wake him.
"Come on George, it’s time to get up."
"Umph. Tie off um…, port side."
"Come on George, wake up!"
He mumbled, pulled the covers over his head and rolled over but Ollie didn't give up.
"Wake up George! We’re going to ride the train to Magic Town today. We have to get up so we don’t miss it. Remember…, the train…, nice warm comfy train…, free to ride? We don’t have to walk all the way."
George finally stirred trying to see what was happening in the dark room. "Okay, okay Ollie… gee," he blustered pulling the covers down from his head. "What time is it anyway?"  Then he looked at his bedside clock, squinting to see the dim luminous hands. "Ollie!" he yelled, "It’s only four o’clock!  Are you nuts?"
"But George, the first train comes by at five and we don’t want to miss it so we have to get up, get dressed and eat breakfast in time to get to the stop on the other side of the hill. You know, the one we got off at last night. That’s where ––"
George jerked upright and angrily cut off his friend's words. "Ollie…? Exactly why do we have to get the very first train? Doesn’t it come by again later?"
"Um, yeah. It does. But…, well…, if we go now, we’ll have more time to look around. And there’s a lot to see. So ––"
George begrudgingly threw off his covers. "Oh alright…! We’ll go on the first train!" Then he mumbled something completely unintelligible under his breath.
"What? I didn’t hear what you said."
George rubbed his face with both hands and yawned.  "Nothing Ollie, it was nothing. Come on. Let’s get ready to go to Magic Town…, on the first train…, at five in the morning…, in the dark."
"Yay! I'll go start breakfast."
Ollie went to the kitchen and George chuckled at his best friend's excitement. He reached for the shirt and pants he always kept on the chair next to the bed. "Where...?" he mumbled, feeling for them in the dark and finding only an empty chair, "Hey Ollie," he yelled, "where are my clothes?"
"In the closet." Ollie yelled back. I did all the laundry the other day."
Breakfast was almost ready when George walked into the kitchen holding a pair of boots, socks, underwear, gloves, a shirt, pants and a warm coat. "Ollie," he asked, puzzled at the brand new clothing, "where did all these come from? Are they yours?"
"Nope, they're yours George. I was going to wait until Christmas but after Mr. Frost's comments last night about the smell, I though you should wear them today."
"Mine...? Wear them today?"
"Yup, they're brand new and nice and clean and we're going to Magic Town today."
 "And, smell –– You think I smell?"
"Well think about it George. Your gloves and coat smell like fish because that's what we do, and that's okay. But those people in Magic Town aren't used to smelling fish, especially really old stinky fish!"
"Oh. Never thought about that before. But why the new shirt and pants?"
"Because I wanted to get you something new for Christmas. I've been saving up all year and I thought you'd like a new shirt and pants. And you really needed the gloves and coat." Then he poured two cups of coffee. "So see? Now you can wear them today."
George examined the clothes, cocked his head, went back to his room and got dressed. Three minutes later he reappeared with a huge grin looking like a new man.
"These are great Ollie. Thanks! I had no idea that I ––" Then he choked a little on the lump in his throat. "Ah-hmm. Well, anyway, they fit just right. Thanks my friend."
"Merry Christmas George." Ollie noticed his best friend's watery eyes and handed him a tissue. "Here George, must be some lint from the shirt got in your eyes. New clothes do that sometimes."
"Yeah, lint." he mumbled clearing his throat and wiping the tears. "Okay. Let's eat!"
Breakfast was quick and George was now as anxious as Ollie to get to the train. They walked over the hill and strolled along the track toward the passenger stop.
"Did you hear that whistle George? That’s the train. It’s almost here."
George felt the slight vibration on the track and stopped. "Hey Ollie…?"
"Yes George..?"
"We’d better get off the tracks now." He looked down at the vibrating rail for a second and quickly moved down into the ditch.
"Why George?"
"Cause the train is coming and we don’t want to get run over. That's why."
"Oh, right. But it’ll stop right up there. I don’t even see it coming yet but it must be getting close because I can feel the rail vibrating a little more."
"Ollie…?"
"Yes George…?"
"It’s going to stop all right but ––"
Ollie was still walking on the tracks, right between the two rails, staring straight ahead. "But what George…?"
George spun around and saw the massive engine rounding a curve and rolling straight at them. "Ollie…!" he screamed running from the ditch toward his friend, "Get off the tracks. Now!"
With all the strength and speed he could muster, George ran at Ollie, tackled him, and together they rolled into the opposite gully just as screaming brakes slowed the locomotive to an emergency stop.
The engineer and fireman were frantic, white with fear, thinking they had killed someone. When they jumped out they saw two dazed fishermen standing unharmed and breathed a sigh of relief.
"What on earth were you doing in the middle of the tracks?" yelled the engineer. "We didn’t even see you until we rounded that last curve. We thought we killed you! Are you two all right?"
Ollie stared at George with wide open eyes and heavy breaths. "Wow, you just saved my life. I thought it was going to come from the other direction in front of us. Thanks!"
The engineer and fireman looked at each other grumbling, moaning and shaking their heads before driving the train to its usual position at the station.
The fishermen watched the train slowly roll past them and George let out a long sigh. "Come on Ollie. Let’s get to the station before they leave without us."
Ollie was still shaking but managed a breathy, "Okay George." They ran to the passenger stop and into one of the cars. Once in their seats, still breathing heavily as if they had both run a mile, Ollie leaned back and relaxed. "I could have been killed!" he murmured.
"Yup" agreed George. "You could have. So next time, pay attention and walk next to the tracks instead of in the middle of them."
Ollie sat silent for a few seconds before mumbling, "I really could have been killed. Oh-my-gosh, that was so stupid! I could have been killed!"
"Okay Ollie, calm down and enjoy the ride. The early morning ride. The ride you got me up at 4 a.m. for. The one to Magic Town. The one that ––"
"Aw, gee. Okay. I got the message."
Ollie folded his arms and George grinned. Then, they looked at each other, burst out laughing and started to sing.
"We’re off to see the village…, the wonderful village they built.  Because, because, because, because they built the village for all. And then they called it, uh, what did they call it because they called it… something… uh, whatever it was, because, because, because, because, becauuuuse...."
Making up words to a song on the fly was definitely not their forte. After stumbling over a few more made up lyrics, they laughed and watched the scenery fly by as the train sped toward Magic Town.
Ten minutes later, the powerful iron horse slowed, sounding its bell and whistle, as they pulled into the first station. It was still quite dark and, except for the station crew, everyone was still asleep. George sneered at Ollie as he realized the very first train was just a bit too early in the day to suit his taste.
"Humph." he grumbled folding his arms. "Double humph. First train indeed. The very first one," he moaned rolling his head back and forth with a sneer.  "We have to take the first train. The one at five o’clock so we can see all of Magic Town. Get up, get up he said. We have to get ready!"
Then he noticed his friend’s closed eyes. "Ollie…?" So," George continued, "you wake me up in the middle of the night and then go to sleep huh." He took a very deep breath and yelled. "Ollieeeeeeeeeeee…!"
"Oh." mumbled his friend as he awoke. "What, what is it? Did something happen?"
George glared at his partner who finally realized he had fallen asleep. "Oh, sorry George," he said sheepishly. "Guess I dozed off for a second. Um, what were you saying?"
George was irritated. But instead of becoming angry, he gritted his teeth, closed his eyes and silently counted to ten.
"I was saying that –– Humph! Oh, never mind what I was saying. Just look out the window would you. It’s dark and there are no lights or decorations or anything. And you said we had to take the first train. Humph!"
Ollie peered out into the dark. "Gee, I thought they would be up and starting things or turning lights on or something."
"Well they’re not. There’s nobody here. So, do we sit in the train station for hours and hours waiting for people to wake up?"
The conductor was walking down the aisle and overheard George’s protests. "Sirs, perhaps you should look at your tickets. On the back is a list of the stops we’ll be making. This one is just for cargo shipments so very few people ever get on or off here."
"Oh –– Just cargo...? Then what stop is for Magic Town? Is it the next one?"
The conductor laughed. "You two must be in a hurry to see the decorations to be on the train this early. We have two more stops first but don't worry, you'll love it." He looked at his watch and frowned. "It is a bit early though. They might be just getting started."
"See, two more stops and we’re there," quipped Ollie. "This is just a ––"
"I heard him." snorted George. "I got it. I was just a little anxious." He scrunched around in his seat, folded his arms and closed his eyes. "I’m going to take a nap. Wake me up when we get there. Okay?" 
"Okay George."
Ollie silently stared out the window thinking about Magic Town, Christmas and lights and decorations. It was quiet for a few minutes until a very loud blast from the locomotive's steam whistle jarred them back to reality. Ollie jumped, George awoke and the train started moving.
"Oh, we're going again." mumbled George as he shifted around in his seat.
"Yup, won't be long now." whispered Ollie. "Go back to sleep."
"Yapth..., kay...." muttered his friend.
Except for the slight 'clickity-clacking' sound of steel wheels passing over joints in the track it was a very quiet ride until the whistle sounded signaling their next stop.
George stirred a bit and quickly went back to sleep. Ollie, however, continued staring out the window to see what was there.
“Wow!” he whispered to himself. “Look at all those people carrying bags and suitcases. This place is really busy. And they have decorations on the building. George is missing all this. I should wake —”
He glanced at George. “Nah. Guess I did wake him up too early this morning. I’ll stay really quiet so he can sleep.”
He was able to restrain his quiet whispering until he saw a very well dressed man winding his way up the aisle. The stranger’s sullen expression caught his eye and silence was no longer on his mind.
"Hey George…, George…?"
George opened one eye. "What?"
"See that man... right there?"
"Are we there yet?"
"No, not yet."
"Then don’t wake me up."
"But George…."
George sighed and barked, "What?"
"Oh, sorry. I just thought ––"
"Okay. I’m awake. Now what is it?"
"See that guy? He looks kinda weird or something. Doesn’t look happy at all."
George turned his head and got a quick look at a tired scowling hard-faced wretch of a soul. He was extremely well dressed but projected an air of spitefulness and arrogance as he exhaled a long breath and took an aisle seat just in front of them.
George leaned over to Ollie and whispered, "Ha. I wonder what bridge or dungeon that troll crawled out from."
Ollie started to snicker but the man suddenly jumped up, spun around and barked, "I heard that! I’ll have you know that I am the Queen’s Royal Courier entrusted with delivering documents of the highest importance."
They looked at each other and mumbled several Uh-oh’s, Oops and Um’s when the man disappeared back into his seat.
Ollie realized how insulting George’s remark and his snickering must have sounded. He stood up and stretched over the back of the seat. "Sir…, Sir…?"
"What do you want now? Perhaps you have another insult to level?"
"Oh no. I uh…, I just …. Sir, we’re really sorry. We didn’t want to insult you.
The man threw up both hands. "Commoners…" he moaned, "I’m surrounded by commoners…, ignorant commoners…, peasants they are…, all of them! The things I do for our Queen. Humph!"
George looked at Ollie with a disgusted expression and mouthed the word "commoners?" before settling back in his seat. "Don’t wake me till we’re there Ollie. Got it?  Not till we’re there!"
"Okay George" Ollie whispered.
The passenger car was quiet for a few moments until a tap, tap, tapping noise began. Although not very loud, it was quite irritating.  Tap, tap, tap; it came from the seat just in front. The courier, obviously very nervous about something, was drumming his fingers on a hardcover portfolio tightly clutched under his arm. Then he began shifting around in his seat looking first out the window and then up and down the aisle. "Humph" he mumbled as he bounced around from one position to the next. "What is taking these people so long?  I have got to get this news to someone in charge!"
He cleared his throat, pulled on his collar, peered back out the window and continued his tap-tap-tapping on the portfolio. "Blasted commoners" he grumbled. "They always hold things up!"
George opened one eye, then the other and said, "Sir, would you please stop that drumming sound with your hand?  I’m trying to sleep back here."
The frustrated man stood up and glanced over the back of his seat at the fishermen. Then he scowled and disappeared from view. The tapping noise stopped and they heard him say, "Sorry. I’m just a bit nervous."
George smiled, closed his eyes and drifted off to dreamland, sound asleep, finally at rest. It was pleasantly peaceful for several minutes until it was time to move. The train’s whistle blared and the passenger car doors slammed shut. George jumped, opened his eyes and yelled, "What is it… what’s happening…?" He was shaking, nervous, flushed and momentarily frightened by whatever dream had plagued his mind.
Ollie grabbed him. "George. It’s okay!  We’re on the train…, the train to Magic Town."
His sleepy partner blurted out, "Oh...! Oh yeah. Of course…, the train…." Then he put his hand on his head and exhaled. "I knew that. I knew that. Um, are we there yet?"
"Not yet George, it’s our next stop. What were you dreaming about?"
"I thought we ––   um, it was nothing."
"Come on George, tell me."
"I thought we had been arrested for sneaking into the town and we were going to jail on a train. Whew! What a dream!"
"Well, we are on a train but we’re going to Magic Town, not jail. And we’re almost there! It won’t be long now."
 "Just a dream. Whew" breathed George as he rubbed his face with both hands. 
The train started to move and the courier started to complain. "It’s about time," he blustered, "I must deliver this news forthwith!"
"News…, news about what?" asked both fishermen at the same time.
The man stood up and looked over the seat.  "Important news. And I have to get it to someone in charge as soon as possible. It absolutely cannot wait!"
George let out a skeptical, "Ha! Okay. Important news you say. News about what?"
"Oh, I don’t know what it might be. It’s sealed. But, it’s important, very important.  It must be or they wouldn’t have sent me on a special trip so early today."
"Why don’t you open it and read it?"
"Open it…? This envelope is sealed by the Queen’s own mark it is!  That would be a breach of protocol. Opening such a letter would be absolutely unacceptable.  I am a Royal Courier entrusted with the delivery of official and confidential documents and I am not capable of betraying that trust.
Ollie leaned back in his seat, made a sarcastic face and silently mouthed to George, "The Queen’s Royal seal, he’s a courier!"  George quietly snickered.
Several quiet minutes passed before the whistle sounded for the next stop. When the train slowed to pull in they could see crowds of people busily preparing for the first full day of the Christmas celebration.
"I think we're here George. Let's see." He looked at the back of his ticket, compared it to the station sign and grinned. "Yup, this is it. We’re in Magic Town."
When the train squeaked to a full stop people quickly rose from their seats to head out the doors but George was still comfortable and didn't move. "Wait till the crowd leaves Ollie," he mumbled sleepily.
"Okay George. But shouldn't we stand up so we can get in the aisle?"
"Nope, we'll wait."
The courier stood up, pushed his way into the line of people and was instantly stopped in the aisle right next to their seat. George and Ollie smiled and waved a goodbye. His response, however, was a spiteful nervous sneer before pushing through the line and hurrying down the aisle.
"Well that was kind of unfriendly. He must be a total grump."
"Yeah George. He could be that. Or maybe he’s just angry about something." 
“Angry…? Ollie, all he has to do is ride in a comfy train and deliver a letter. Nah, I think he’s just an arrogant nasty grump.”
Ollie watched his stressful nervous behavior until he disappear into the crowd.
"Well, maybe. Or maybe he doesn't know about Christmas or the festival or the big celebration. Or maybe he just needs a nice cup of hot chocolate. That would cheer him up."
George looked at his best friend, shook his head and sighed.
"Okay Ollie, looks like we can get out the door now so let’s get off and tour Magic Towne. Okay?"
“Okay George.”

~*~
Colby’s Steamboat
~*~
They strolled through the passenger station where people were just setting up their displays. Souvenirs, maps, decorations and snacks were interspersed with welcome signs and holiday greetings and vendors were bustling to and fro getting ready for the beginning of, what they hoped would be, a hugely successful celebratory season.
"Good morning" said a man who was putting his snack wagon together. "You two are certainly early arrivals.  I’m not quite ready yet but, can I offer you a cup of coffee?"
"Yeah, really early." said George sarcastically, "My friend here insisted we absolutely had to be on the first train so we wouldn’t miss anything. But, as you can see…"  He glared at Ollie, "…we are very early!"
"Yeah but…" started Ollie with a sheepish grin, "…now we are here and we have all day to see the decorations. Lots of time to see everything and do stuff too!"
George reached into his pocket. "How much is coffee" he asked while counting his coins.  "I have, um, let me see. I have ––"
"Gee George, I have some money."
"You? You brought money?"
"Yeah, some. I thought maybe I could buy a souvenir or hot chocolate or something. Didn’t you bring any?"
"Well no, not much. I thought we were just going to look at stuff. I never thought about buying anything."
As George pushed the few coins around his palm, the vendor interrupted his counting.
"Gentlemen, I usually make a pot of coffee first off each day and my doctor told me I've been drinking too much of it. Here." He poured three cups of coffee. "You can each have one…, on the house. Perhaps then, I won’t drink quite so much myself this morning."
Ollie’s eyes widened. "Really…? We can have a cup…, for free?"
"Yup. And here’s the cream and sugar. Help yourself."
"Gee, thank you Sir. Thanks a lot!"
"You’re very welcome. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to finish setting up before the six o’clock train arrives. That one is usually full of people."
"Okay. Ummmmm, this is good!" mumbled Ollie as he sipped his warm drink.
"Yeah it is. Thanks again Sir and, Merry Christmas!" said George as they walked away.
"Oh yeah, Merry Christmas!" added Ollie.
"And to you both as well." replied the vendor. "Enjoy your stay in Magic Town."
"Gee George, free coffee, and it’s nice and hot too.”
“That was nice of him to do that. Guess he saw I didn’t have enough to pay for it.”
 “I think we should bring a nice fish to that man next week just to say thank you."
"Hmm. Well, we’ll see. Is it because he was so nice or because you just want to come back again next week?"
"Well, he was very nice George and we can take a day off again next week, can’t we?"
George scowled for a moment, shook his head and grumbled. "Humph, day off huh? Oh, alright, sure. I guess we can. Finish your drink."
"Yay...!" exclaimed Ollie holding up his coffee, "We get to come back next week! Another day off. I’ll drink to that." George could only snicker as he watched his partner gulp down the last of the warm beverage and thank the vendor again. "We’ll be back next week and bring you a nice fish Sir."
With a quick wave and a few steps out the door their sightseeing adventure began. They walked from the train station, down an empty lane toward the center of town and were greeted with a beautiful winter sight.
Dark buildings contrasted soft white snow piled along freshly shoveled walkways and expertly cleared streets reflecting a yellow-orange blush from the glimmer of old time streetlamps.
George pulled his collar a little tighter to protect his throat from the cold and let out a soft Brrrrrrr. “Next week when we come back ––"
"Next week. Oh right, we’ll have to bring a fish for that nice coffee man huh?"
"No. Next week when we come back we are not-going-to-take-the-five-o-clock train!"
Ollie looked around the empty street and shrugged. "Okay George. We'll take the six o'clock train instead. Then you can sleep an hour longer."
George closed his eyes and shook his head. "No Ollie,” he blustered. “You will wait till I get up. Then we will have breakfast. And after that, we'll take the next train at whatever time that turns out to be. Got it?"
"Oh, okay. Um, it’s getting lighter."
"Yeah, it does that when the sun comes up every morning," he said sarcastically.
"It’ll be up soon."
"Yup!"
"Then it’ll be light out."
"Yup!"
"Then people will be up."
"Yup!"
"Then they’ll be ––"
"Okay, okay. Enough Ollie… geeeze!"
"Are you mad at me George?"
"Yup. Well…, no, not really. I’m just grumpy this early in the morning."
"Oh good," said Ollie as he started walking across the street.
"Good…?  Why good? You want me to be grumpy?"
"No George. Not grumpy, just hungry. See over there? That shop is opening and they have a sign that says they have hot cross buns with cinnamon…, and frosting…, and, and everything. Want one?"
George squinted and reached into his pocket but Ollie grabbed his arm. "Don’t worry. I brought money, see?" He pulled out several paper notes and a few coins. "I think it’s enough for us both!"
"You mean you’d still buy something for me after the way I just yelled at you?"
"Sure George. I know you’re grumpy in the morning. Come to think of it, you’re always grumpy, even in the afternoon sometimes. Maybe a hot cross bun will cheer you up.  Yum. I can smell them from here. Come on, let’s hurry. I’m hungry."
They hurried toward the bakery with Ollie grinning and George feeling rather ashamed for having, once again, yelled at his best friend.  I don’t know why I get so upset with him he thought.  I didn’t know which train to take either.  It wasn’t his fault.
A few minutes later, they were sitting on a bench in front of the bakery with steaming cups of hot chocolate and fresh hot cross buns.
"Yum. This is really good!" exclaimed Ollie chewing his first bite of the sweet delicacy. "Wish we had these at home."
George nodded, blew across the top of his drink and slurped but it was still very hot. "Ouch!" he yelped almost spilling it when it burned his tongue.
"Oops... Careful George. Take a bite of the bun. The frosting will take the sting away. Besides, it's really yummy."
George bit into the treat, chewed for a few seconds and exhaled through his open mouth. "Ah, you're right. That does feel better. Sorry I yelled at you."
"Ollie’s mouth was full but he managed a muffled "Hooo-Wha?" past the tasty dough.
"Huh…? What's Hooo-Wha?"
Ollie gulped and cleared his throat to speak more clearly. "I said what George. What did you just say?"
"Oh…. Uh…, I, um, I just said that I’m sorry for yelling.  You know…, before."
Ollie snickered. "That's okay George." Then he noticed activity across the street. "Hey, look. Look at all those people over there. I’ll bet things will start happening now. And look at the sun. It’s up. Well, sort of up. Anyway, this is way cool. Now we can really see all the stuff they have here."
Just then an elderly woman, walking along the sidewalk, stopped and greeted them. "Good morning young men, Merry Christmas. Tis the season you know."
"Merry Christmas to you too." they replied together.
"Ma’am," asked Ollie, "when does the Christmas celebration thing start?"
"Oh my. You mean the festivities," she said chuckling. "Not for a while yet I’m afraid. You two aren’t from around here are you?"
"No Ma’am. My name is Ollie and this is my partner George. We live out on the North Point. We’re fishermen.  We clean our catches and sell them to Mr. Barns every day and he takes them to the stores so we don’t get into town very often."
"Oh, I know Mr. Barnes. Then you must be the young men who supply our grocery stores. Your fish have been cleaned so well and they’re so fresh. I must say, you boys do a wonderful job."
"I clean most of the fish," said Ollie with a grin.  George glared. "Well..., except for the big ones that is. Some of them are pretty heavy so George and I do them together."
"Yeah. Ollie does most of the cleaning and I run the boat and the nets. We work very well together most of the time." George put his arm around Ollie’s shoulders. "He’s my best friend. And he still puts up with me, even when I get grumpy…. Which happens a lot."
Ollie grinned. "Yeah, but he’s not so bad. And I’m glad you like our fish cause we try really hard to do the best we can."
"Well," she chuckled, "you boys do it very well. Anyway, the celebration is just now setting up. It starts when the Queen arrives to light the big tree in the square."
"Oh cool. When will that happen?"
"Tonight, just after dark. That’s about five o’clock I think. Sometimes it’s a little later depending on how long it takes her to get here."
George and Ollie looked at each other and exclaimed "Five o’clock…?"
"Or, maybe closer to six… depending. But, in the meantime, there are plenty of things to do while you wait. There’s ice skating and sleigh riding and boat tours on the lake."
“But, six o’clock…?"
After a few seconds of wide eyed looks, Ollie suggested they take in the sights. "Hey George, let’s see what kind of a boat they have.  We’ve never seen the lake. Maybe it’ll be fun."
"That’s the spirit!" responded the lady laughing. "Now, I have to pick up the baked goods for our store so you boys enjoy your day. And have fun!"
Once again, the fishermen looked at each other and exclaimed, "Six o’clock…?"
"Come on Ollie, let’s go find that boat."
"Okay George."
"Merry Christmas Ma’am!" they chimed out together.
"And a very Merry Christmas to you boys as well," she said as she walked away.
They headed for the lake and when they were close enough to see the dock and the brightly painted boat moored there, a dark puff of smoke rose from its stacks.
"George, look at that... um... boat. What kind of boat is that and what’s that big round thing on the stern?"
"Well I’ll be darned." muttered George as he stopped walking. "Wow! That’s an old paddlewheel steamer Ollie. And she's just firing up her boilers. I’ve never seen one before."
Ollie squinted, staring first at the boat, then at George, then back at the boat.
"Oooookay…. Um, George…?
"Yeah?"
"If you’ve never seen one before, how do you know it's an old paddlewheel steamer kind of thing?"
"Ha! You know that book I gave you years ago, the one that you never read?"
"Um, no. No I don’t. What book?"
"See? I knew you’d never read it or even look at the pictures in it. You didn’t, did you!  You just put it on a shelf and forgot about it."
Ollie looked as if he had just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. "I think it's in my closet."
"Ha, that's what you did. Just put it away and forgot about it. I knew it."
"Oh yeah, you must mean that book with the plain brown cover that's about…. I don't remember what' it's about but, okay, so I never opened it. So what?"
"It's filled with pictures and descriptions of different kinds of boats and ships. That’s so what."
"Oh… Is that where you saw the paddle wheeler boat thing like this one?"
"Yup!"
Ollie stared at the craft. "Is a paddle boat as good as our boat?"
"Different uses; can’t compare ’em for the same job."
"Oh. I get it now. So this is a people boat and ours is a fish boat."
"Yup, come on. Let's get a closer look."
When they got to the dock, Ollie looked up and stared at the huge smokestacks. "Look at those, um, smokestack things. This boat is a lot bigger than ours."
"Yup. That it is Ollie."
"George, if we had a boat this big, we could bring back more fish every day."
"Nope. Wouldn't work."
"Nope…? What do you mean, nope? It’s bigger. We could stay out longer and catch more fish."
"Not true Ollie, think for a second. Do you remember that storm we were in a few months ago?"
"Oh boy. Yeah. That was pretty wild. Huge waves and lots of wind."
"Well, this boat would have sunk in that storm, never would have made it home. Look at how low it sits in the water and its gunnels and its height. If we had been on that one we would’ve taken on way too much water and capsized for sure."
"Oh. I never thought of that. Guess we should keep the one we’ve got huh. Does that mean we shouldn’t go out on this steamer paddle thing?"
"Don’t worry Ollie. Should be okay. It’s just a small lake that doesn’t have the kind of storms we’ve been out in.  Besides, it’s turning out to be a nice day. Come on. Let’s go ask when they start the tour."
"Okay George."
They walked up the gangway gawking at the sheer size of the old classic vessel. She was a pristine white craft trimmed in bright green sporting dark red stacks that were just starting to emit columns of white smoke. A riverboat from out of the past it may have been but everything about it looked brand new. The fishermen stopped at the gangway, staring, amazed.
"Good morning boys." said a burly middle-aged man appearing from one of the passenger doors. "Don’t think I’ve seen you two before. Where ya from?"
"Oh, good morning. I’m George and this is Ollie.  We’re fishermen out on the North Point. We don’t get into town very often so we thought we’d take your boat tour on the lake. Is this the right place?"
"Ah, fishermen huh...? Yup, this is the right place all right. My name is Colby. Say, are you the guys that bring us all the fish?"
Ollie grinned. “Yup, that’s us."
"So, you’re the seafaring lads I’ve heard about. Boy, I envy you two. You get to go out on the ocean. All I ever get to do is go round and round in this lake."
They were surprised at his statement. "You want to go out on the ocean…? It’s pretty cold and rough at times and look at the job you have driving around on a nice calm lake."
"Yeah but, it’s boring. Nothing ever happens. It’s a beautiful lake but after you’ve been around it a few hundred times, you know, round and round…, the same every day. It’s well…, it just gets boring."
"Oh, right. I see what you mean”.
"Hey, come aboard. I’ll give you a tour. Have you ever been on a steamboat before?"
"No. I didn’t even know what it was." said Ollie as he stepped up on the deck. "I didn’t even know what that paddle thing was either."
Colby laughed. "Never saw one before huh? Do you know how it works?"
"No but George knew all about it cause he read the book. I just put it on the shelf…, never opened it. Sorry George. I feel stupid."
"Book…?" Colby asked, "What book would that be? I’ve read quite a few myself."
George patted Ollie’s shoulder. "Well, it’s kind of a long story. And Ollie. You are not stupid. You’re just a little laz –– Um, I mean, ah-hmm…. The tour, what about that tour and does it take long for the boilers to heat up?"
Ollie mumbled a soft "Thanks" to his partner and the three men went inside to the engine room.
Colby showed them the power plant, the transmission mechanics and the steering apparatus.  Then, he looked at a steam pressure gauge and tapped it. "Looks like we have a few more minutes before we’ll be ready to depart. Follow me. I’ll show you the bridge."
"Wow, we get to go to the bridge. Great! George, we get to go to the bridge!"
"And, we’ve got coffee and hot cross buns up there.  Would you two like some?"
George pulled out the few coins in his pocket but Colby patted his hand. "George…, put your money away."
"Oh, no charge?"
"No charge but we’d better hurry or the crew will eat them all up before we get there."
When they entered the bridge, two men stood up. "We're almost ready Captain."
"Good morning men. This is George and this is Ollie. They’re the fishermen who live way out on the North Point and bring us all that wonderful fish every day. They’ll be accompanying us on this morning’s tour on the bridge as ‘VIP’ guests."
"Yes Sir! Good morning George. Good morning Ollie."
Ollie looked at George. "I thought he was a deckhand like us. He’s the captain!"
Colby heard him and laughed. "Well Ollie, I was a deckhand once and I still remember a bit. So, if you and George ever need some help, just let me know. I’d love to go out on the big water with you sometime. I’m sure I can be a good deckhand again."
"Oh, okay but, it’s a pretty long day out there." advised George.
"I imagine it is but I think I’d enjoy the change of pace."
While drinking coffee and munching on hot cross buns they all talked about sailing and fishing and boats and ships. Then tour passengers began gathering on the dock.
"You boys relax." said Colby. "I have to go greet the passengers. We’ll be leaving in about fifteen minutes."
Soon, the steam whistles blew, the boat pulled away from the dock and two fishermen were enjoying their very first tour on a paddlewheel steamboat.
An hour later they were back at the dock exchanging thanks, invitations to visit and goodbyes. The tour-boat sailors liked the idea of going out on the ocean and the fishermen liked the calm and quiet of the lake so they agreed to visit each other from time to time.
George and Ollie departed the tour with smiles and laughter. It was turning out to be a very enjoyably exciting day.
"Wow! That was fun George." chuckled Ollie as they walked down the gangplank.
"Yeah, but I can understand why Captain Colby would get bored going around that lake all the time. It’s pretty but, if that’s all you saw every day ––"
"Yeah, I guess. Hey, George…?"
"Yeah…?"
"Look over there. See that man?"
"Which one? There are lots of people in that square."
"The one standing on that thing in front of the building. He's holding up something and hollering. Maybe it's important. Let's go find out what he's yelling about."
"Ha!" George chuckled cynically. “He's probably a local politician running for election or something."
"Maybe it's about the Christmas thing."
"Oh all right. Let's go find out what’s going on."
~*~
Christmas Must Wait
~*~
Hear ye, hear ye, hear ye all!" yelled a town crier at the podium in front of city hall.  "An important announcement follows!" He repeated himself several times waiting for people to gather and the crowd quickly became larger. George and Ollie could see him but they were still too far away to clearly hear.
"Can you make out what he's saying?" asked Ollie as they walked toward the square.
"No but let’s hurry there and find out."
Their pace quickened. Then they saw the Crier hold up a scroll and begin reading so they started running. Down the street and across the square they flew as fast as they could but the message was short and by the time they reached the edge of the crowd, they heard only the last few words of his announcement.
"Humph," wheezed George bending over with his hands on his knees trying to catch his breath, "I guess it was something about a tree. Whew. I haven't run like that in a long time! Did you hear anything else?"
"No." gasped Ollie nearly as out of breath as his friend. "What did he mean about a tree? What tree?"
A man standing close by turned around and said, "He was telling us that the Queen has been delayed so she won’t be lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.”
“The Christmas tree? Why not?”
Didn’t say what happened but I guess the celebration won’t be starting on time this year. We’ll have to wait a little longer. Maybe tomorrow…, or perhaps even longer."
"Oh. Tomorrow..., or longer? “Does that mean the Christmas celebration is cancelled?"
"Don’t know." replied the man with a shrug. "Maybe. The crier said he didn’t know when she would come. Guess we’ll just have to wait. In any event, I have to get back to work so Merry Christmas to you both."
"Oh. Right. Merry Christmas Sir. Gee George, we won't get to see the celebration but we did have a nice tour on the lake. That was fun. It was fun wasn’t it?"
"Yeah Ollie. It was fun." Then while scratching his chin, he let out a long thoughtful Hmmmmm! "Come on Ollie, let’s go to that city hall building and ask what happened to this Queen person. Maybe we can find out what’s really going on and if there’s even going to be a celebration this year."
"Oh, yeah, city hall, good idea George, let's go."
Others in the crowd were also wondering and the fishermen had to wind their way through an ocean of shoulder to shoulder people just to get inside. The main lobby echoed with loud chattering as each one tried to shout their question over the din and it took only a few minutes of being in the midst of such bedlam for George to become very irritated.
Come on Ollie. There’s a room over there. Let’s get out of this crazy noise."
Ollie cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled. "Okay George, let's go!"
They wound their way through the dense crowd to the vacant room and once inside, George closed the door. "Whew, there. That’s better.  We’ll wait until those howling dogs go back to their caves. What a racket. It's totally crazy out there."
"I didn’t see any dogs George."
George looked at Ollie questioningly and slowly repeated, "See... any... dogs...?" Then he laughed. "Oh, right. It’s just an expression. Those people out there are acting like a pack of howling dogs. That’s all."
"An expression. Okay, I get it now… yelling… all at once. Guess they do sound a little like dogs, dogs chasing the fox. Like on a foxhunt, with horses and riders and funny looking clothes and a trumpet."
George scrunched his face into a disbelieving expression as Ollie babbled on.
"That's like on the picture in Mr. Barns' office. I think it said something about a foxhunt on it. But it had dogs and horses and..., um, do dogs live in caves George?"
George couldn't believe what he was hearing and his expression clearly showed it. "No Ollie. Dogs don't live in caves. Maybe wolves do sometimes. I don't know."
"Then why did you say ––"
"Ollie! It was just an expression! For crying out loud. Do you have to take everything I say literally..., all the time?"
Ollie looked down and mumbled a soft, "No George. Sorry."
Guilt flushed across George’s face. He stared at his friend apologetically. Ollie looked back up at him and a few seconds later they both burst out in laughter.
"Guess we have to wait till the dogs go back to their caves huh." chuckled Ollie.
"Yup, guess so." laughed George. "Come on, let's sit over there and wait till the howling stops."
They had just gotten comfortable in two huge chairs when suddenly, the door burst open and a tall rather distinguished looking man, accompanied by the courier they had seen on the train, walked in. Their sudden entrance caused the fishermen to jump to their feet.
"Who are you and why are you in here?" barked the tall man. "This is my private office!"
"Oh…, yes Sir! My name is George and this is my friend Ollie. We were just ––"
"You were just what…?  Why have you broken in to my office?"
"We didn’t break in Sir. The door was already open so we just walked through it"
"Yeah, and it was really noisy like a pack of dogs out there so we closed it. We’re fishermen and we live out on the North Point and we came here to see the Christmas ––"
"Fishermen…?" interrupted the tall man. "You say you're fishermen?"
The courier grabbed the tall man’s arm and whispered something. Then, he closed the door and the two men whispered back and forth while George and Ollie nervously waited to find out what kind of trouble they'd gotten themselves into this time.
The tall man’s demeanor calmed, he walked over to the desk and took a long deep breath. "Well. Fishermen you say. George and Ollie is it?"
"Yes Sir" they both replied.
"And do you fish out on the ocean?"
"Yes Sir."
"With a seagoing boat?"
"Yes Sir."
"That can go anywhere on the water?"
"Yes Sir. Well, almost anywhere.”
"Well then boys. My name is Michael Miller. I’m the mayor of this town and I believe we have need of your services. That is, if you’re willing to help."
"Oh yes Sir!" exclaimed Ollie enthusiastically. George grabbed his friend's shoulder and asked, "What services Sir, um, I mean Mr. Mayor? What do you need us to do?"
Miller sat behind his desk and looked at the courier.  "Mr. Simms, would you care to explain the situation to these young men?"
Simms instantly looked horrified. "Mr. Mayor…" he stammered, "that would be against protocol. I cannot discuss any such ––"
"Oh, come now Mr. Simms, I can. And, having been there yourself, you know a great deal more than I about the situation so save us all some time and explain."
Simms looked back and forth from the Mayor to the fishermen while softly mumbling. "No! No, no, no, I cannot! I must not!" Miller straightened up and glared at him with a very determined expression. A long deep breath escaped Simms’s nostrils as he closed his eyes and tightened his lips before grudgingly submitting to the Mayor’s order.
"Sir." he said. "As Mayor of this town, and, as the recipient of this official document, you have command of its distribution. Therefore, pursuant to your direct order I shall explain its contents to these two fishermen." Then, he gulped and straightened his collar.
"Um, Mr. Mayor…," interrupted George "You don’t have to tell us anything you don’t want us to know. We’re perfectly happy just ––"
Miller held up his hand and cut George’s words short. "Don’t be concerned boys. You need to hear this, and..." He put both hands on the desk and leaned toward them, "...you might be the only ones who can help.  Just relax and listen to what Simms has to say. This is important, vital in fact."
"Oh. Okay Mr. Mayor" mumbled Ollie.
"There. Now proceed Simms. And make sure you don’t leave anything out. If these men are going to help, they need to know every single detail."
George and Ollie snuck a look at each other and whispered, "Uh-oh!"
"Ah-hmm…, well…" Simms began, "The Queen…, that is, Queen Caryn in case you didn’t know. Well, the Queen is currently occupied with a very important matter of state. Her schedule has been changed and no longer includes ––"
Miller rolled his eyes in disgust and cut Simms’s story short. "Oh for Pete’s sake Simms. We don’t have time for this!"
"Sir...?"
"Stop with the royal politically correct mumbo-jumbo and get to the facts would you!"
"Sir...?"
"I said, get to the point. Now!"
Miller’s hostile tone startled Simms. He took a step back and stood quite still for a moment looking completely offended until his mouth closed and his eyes shrank back to normal size. Then he cleared his throat and continued.
"Yes, well, ah-hmm," he stammered, "Of course. As you wish Mr. Mayor. I suppose I’d better…, well…, oh my…, oh my, oh, my, oh my. Ah-hmm, it is your decision after all, so ––"
By this time, Miller’s face was as red as a ripe apple and his patience had completely run out. "Get on with it Simms!" he screamed.
Simms looked at the Mayor’s gritted teeth and clenched fists and gulped.
"Sir…? Oh, um, yes, of course." he replied nervously. "All right then. Um, Mr. George, Mr. Ollie, the Queen’s two daughters have been kidnapped and are being held for ransom. There, I’ve said it!" He glared at the Mayor. "But, only by your order Sir. I shall not take responsibility for divulging ––"
"Yes, yes, yes Simms. We all know who forced you to help us with this trying state of affairs don’t we. Now then. George, Ollie, you see our situation don’t you?  However, What Simms failed to say––"
He glared at Simms and growled as if he was about to attack.
"–– And I’m not sure we have a week or two to wait while he tries to explain ––"
Then he shook his head in disgust and turned back toward the fishermen.
"–– Is that the Queen’s daughters may be captive somewhere on a remote island in the northern sea. Therefore, you must certainly see the logic in our asking for your help."
George looked at Ollie and then back at Miller with a blank stare. Ollie elbowed him and whispered, "George, we’ve been up there before, remember? We know that area."
"Yeah, and we almost got killed in that storm the last time we went that far north."
"Oh. Right. The storm. Um, George…?"
"Yeah…?"
"That was for fish. This is to save children. They’re in trouble, dangerous trouble kind of like we were in that storm."
"You want to do this don't you."
"George, we might be the only ones who can save them, the only ones!"
George closed his eyes and covered his face with his hands. Then he parted his fingers. "Yeah, maybe you’re right. But this sounds like trouble to me. We barely made it out of there last time."
"It’s for the kids George, the kids!"
Miller and Simms were anxiously awaiting the fishermen’s decision. Would they help or would they decline? The only sound in the room was a wall clock ticking the seconds as George rubbed his chin with one hand, thinking. Tick-tock, tick-tock…. Everyone waited in silence. George looked at Ollie, who nodded and grinned to coax him on and finally sighed, closed his eyes, threw up his hands and said, "Okay, we’ll do it!"
"Wonderful, splendid!" exclaimed Miller as he hurried around from behind his desk and violently shook each of the fishermen’s hands. "Wonderful, I couldn’t be happier now that we have the help of these fine young men.
Mr. Simms..." he said putting his hands on each of Simms’s shoulders to emphasize his words, "... give George and Ollie every detail. Leave nothing out. We must give them every bit of information no matter how trivial. Do you understand?"
"Yes Sir." was Simms submissive reply.
"Very well. Now then, a map, do you have a map.  We’ll need the, who, what, where, when and, oh by the way, do you know the why of this terrible deed?"
Simms face went red as he stammered and sputtered something about confidential royal information and then opened a briefcase and pulled out some papers.
"A map…? Yes Sir. I do but I’m not sure it will be of any help. Ah-hmm, let’s see," he mumbled as he unfolded a large chart of the entire region and spread it out on a table.
"That's the ticket," said Miller. "Now, what has been done so far Simms?"
"The Queen’s Royal Marines, the Army, even the residents of the valley began a fruitless countrywide search. Then, we received this note." Simms held up a tattered piece of paper and placed it on the map. "As you can see here, the kidnappers want the Queen to step down to abdicate her throne, as it were, to one of their own leaders. Those men, apparently unhappy that the monarch is a woman, want to take over and are willing to threaten the Queen with the thing she values most. That being the safety and wellbeing of her own children."
"Ooooo…" said Ollie as they all stared at the note. Those guys are not nice people!"
"Now, there’s an understatement." chuckled Miller. "Go on Mr. Simms. Continue."
"Well, Sirs, the only place we can think of that hasn’t been searched is an island way up north so we think they might be held there."
"And George and Ollie know where that island is." said Miller with a smile. "I think we have just come up with a mission."
"Islands Mr. Mayor," said George. "There are several islands up there."
"Oh really, how many?"
"I think, um, maybe three. Ollie?"
"Not three George. There’s only two. That little one is just a point off the east side of the big one."
George scratched his head and made a face. "Hmm, the water went around –– Yeah, you're right Ollie. They’re connected. Two. Yup, there are two islands Sir. And they’re really close together."
"Splendid, splendid! Now we’re getting somewhere."  Miller ran his fingers across the map. "Why are these islands not shown on here Mr. Simms? I see no indication of them anywhere."
"We’ve never been to or mapped that region so we’re not sure exactly where they might be located."
"They’re right there" said Ollie pointing to a blank spot on Simms map.
"Really? Are you sure?"
"Yes Mr. Simms. I remember them, right there!" Ollie made a small circle on the map with his finger.
The Mayor frowned. "Hmm, that looks like a very long way out."
George nodded. "It is Sir. And the water is extremely treacherous at times. We almost sank the last time we were up there."
"Sank…?  Oh my. Sank you say. I had no idea it was so dangerous. Now I feel guilty for enticing you two into such a perilous mission. Is there any safe way we can get there and back without sinking?"
George held up his hand, pointed up and winked. "I think I know a way but, we’ll need some help."
"Of course, anything. It’s for the Queen’s children.  Whatever we have is at your disposal. What do you need?"
"A crew, some fuel and provisions would do it."
"Done!  I’ll have some men… um, how many will you need?"
"I think four should do it but they have to be diesel mechanics."
"George…?"
"Yes Ollie?"
"Four…?"
"Yup. Oh, you think we need more?"
"No but, what are diesel mechanics going to do?"
George laughed. "They’re going to help us put in those two new engines and get them running."
"Oh wow, great, very cool! I was wondering when we’d get around to unpacking those crates. I keep tripping on them every time we load the ice house."
"Well, we’re going to need them if we expect to weather that part of the ocean and rescue the Queen’s daughters. Our old single engine just doesn’t have enough power to push us through that area."
"Good idea George. Power to get us home without sinking. I really like that."
Miller patted Ollie’s shoulder. "We have some of the finest diesel mechanics in the land. They take care of the railroad’s diesel and steam engines and I’m sure they’ll help." He picked up a notepad and a pen. "Now tell me, where is your boat, where shall I send them?"
"It’s in the cove just past our house out on the North Point. While they’re working on the engines, we can be putting in the new propellers and shafts."
"Yeah," added Ollie grinning, "and I can start running wire for the controls. We’ll have this done in, oh…, probably about a week or two. Don’t you think George?"
"A week or two…? Unacceptable!" exclaimed the Mayor. "We can’t wait that long. A week or two…?  No, no, no, we must be ready sooner than that!"
"But Sir," argued George. "There’s just Ollie and me and we can only work underneath during low tide. How can we do it any faster?"
"We’ll just have to put out the word and make an announcement. Anyone who has a skill needed to make your boat ready for this trip should help. Mayor Miller hereby requests, etcetera, etcetera. That’s it. We’ll make that announcement and get started today."
Simms started to protest about the whole town knowing but Miller interrupted him with a hand in the air. "Don’t…!" Simms closed his mouth, they wrote the message, gave it to the crier and the mission began.
It took less than an hour to gather the necessary volunteers, pack supplies and meet at the train station. Miller stood on a crate to thank everyone and give instructions. "Supplies to the baggage car," he yelled. "Everyone to the passenger cars. Don’t forget lunch. We may be out there awhile."
By noontime, the train stopped to let off the volunteers who quickly descended on the cove. As people hurried back and forth carrying parts and provisions, the mechanics and engineers inspected the new engines. When they looked at the boat, one of them asked George, "How were you planning to get her out of the water to work on the propeller shafts?"
"The tides, we have a block frame under the hull so, when the tide goes out, she’s high and dry. Then, when the tide comes back in ––"
"Oh no, no, no." said the railroad mechanic, "We can’t just work during low tide. What’s that, an hour or so when it’s down far enough twice each day? No wonder you thought it would take a couple of weeks."
"What do you propose?" asked the Mayor.
The four railroad men mumbled to each other for a few seconds. Then one replied, "We’ll get a crane and two hydraulic lifts down here and have her out of the water in no time."
"Brilliant!" said Miller with a smile. "Make a list and send the train to get whatever you need. Oh, and put some outdoor grills on that list so we can feed everyone tonight…, and tents too, it’ll be cold after sunset. I think we’ll be here quite a while."
"Mr. Mayor…?"
"Yes Ollie?"
"We have a lot of nice fresh fish in the ice house."
"Ah-ha, fish. We’ll have a fish fry. Excellent idea. We are underway as it were."
It took only a few hours for the equipment to arrive, lift the boat from the water and safely secure it on supports. Then, dozens of people began working on every square inch, from top to bottom and bow to stern.
Engines, transmissions, fittings and controls were installed. Every part, every plank and every fastener was inspected and either replaced or refurbished. The old fishing boat was getting a complete refit and a new life for a new mission.
People worked on the boat’s upgrade the rest of the day, throughout the night and then changed shifts in the morning to repeat the process throughout next day and night.
By then, Ollie was extremely tired. He let out a very long yawn. "Whew! Gee George, I’m really, really sleepy. Can I go to bed now?"
George, sitting in front of a myriad of new controls, dials and gauges in the bridge’s control panel, was looking through page after page of instructions and specifications. He looked up and stretched.
"Well," he began. Then, he sighed and went silent with a blank stare. Ollie waited a few seconds but his partner didn’t move. "George…, George?" His friend blinked a few times and shook his head.
"Oh…, yeah. Um, what is it Ollie?"
"Can I go to bed now?"
"Bed huh…, sleep? He tried to wake himself by shaking his head and breathing through partially closed lips. "Um, sure Ollie. Maybe you should go below deck and check out the quarters."
"You should get some sleep too George. You sounded like a whinnying horse just then."
"Can’t. I have to figure out all these new controls and I have a few more names to go through for this crew. Maybe later. A whinnying horse…? Ha! You’re funny. Go to bed. "
"You sure?"
"Yup. I’ll sleep later. Go to bed."
"Okay George."
People were still scraping, pounding and clanking but Ollie was so tired he didn’t care about the noise. He took a few steps, stopped and turned around.
"George, they’re doing a lot of work. Are the bunks still in the same place?"
"Ha! Yeah, I think so."
Ollie mumbled his typical, "Okay George," and disappeared through the hatch.
George chuckled as he rubbed his face and went back to his interview forms.
After making more notes next to the names of prospective crew members he decided to check on his friend.
All this pounding and clanging would keep anyone from sleeping he thought as he went below deck.  Better take Ollie up to the house so we can get some rest.
He scanned the cabin with his flashlight and saw his partner curled up on a bunk bed fast asleep.  Incredible! How can he sleep with all this noise? “Come on Ollie, wake up. We should go home for a while."

"Um, is it time to get up George?"
"Yup."
“Um, what time is it?"
"It’s time for us to go get some real sleep at home in a quiet bed. We both need the rest."
"That’s a good idea. It’s kinda hard to stay asleep with all the noise. Sounds like they’re rebuilding the whole boat instead of just installing those diesel engines.”
“That’s a good guess Ollie. It looks like that’s exactly what they’re doing. They’re even extending the hull to make her longer, wider and bigger. When they’re finished I think we’ll have a ship instead of a boat.”
“A ship? That would be cool!”
“Probably would be, for this job anyway. Not sure how it will work out for fishing though. Anyway, they’ve been taking shifts to keep the work going day and night and we’ve been up for almost three days. Come on. Let’s go get our ‘off-the-clock’ shift in our house where it’s not so noisy.”
“Okay George.”
They walked up the hill, into their house, said goodnight and practically collapsed into their warm quiet beds.
Work continued at the dock. Everyone knew that this ship had to be built to the highest standards and time was of the essence.
~*~
Uncharted Islands
 ~*~
Ollie stirred and let out a soft groan when sunlight broke through the morning fog and brightened his bedroom.
“Is it morning already?”
He jumped out of bed talking to himself. "Better wake George. Um…, no, I’ll make coffee first. Then I’ll wake George. Water, need water. Have to straighten the bed. Bathroom..., have to go. Wash face then go wake George. Breakfast, need to make breakfast. Um, George can make breakfast, I'll make the coffee."
Moments later he trudged down the stairs to the kitchen where George had already started preparing breakfast.
"Morning Ollie. The coffee is ready and I’ll put the eggs on now. They’ll be ready in a couple of minutes."
Ollie stopped in his tracks and stared for a second. Then he grinned. "Breakfast, great! I thought you were still asleep."
George poured the scrambled eggs mix into a hot pan. “Nope. Wanted us to have a good breakfast before starting the day. It might be another long one."
"I was only going to make us coffee but this is better ‘cause I’m really hungry. Gee," he said yawning, "feels like I just went to sleep."
"You did!" replied George without looking up.
"Oh! Right! That’s why it feels…. Um, what’s for breakfast besides coffee and eggs?"
George flipped some pancakes and scooped scrambled eggs out of the pan. "How’s that," he asked as he put plates on the table.
Ollie’s eyes widened. "Wow, flapjacks too? This is great George, just like on Sunday! You’re a really good cook but...," He looked at the calendar on the wall. "...this isn’t Sunday."
"Nope. But I thought we’d celebrate a little while we have the chance."
That statement put a stunned look on Ollie's face. "What do you mean, while we have the chance? What’s gonna happen? Is there something you haven't told me?"
"No Ollie, you know as much as I do. But as soon as the boat’s ready, we’re going out to those islands. Remember? Here. Fix your coffee. We don’t know who those kidnappers are or what they’ll do when we get there. So I just thought ––"
"Oh…. Yeah…. Bad guys. We have to go get the kids away from the bad guys. I forgot about that for a minute."
"Right. Go get them or find out if the Queen’s daughters are even there on those islands. Hard to tell what’s gonna happen so I made pancakes. Always good to start the day with pancakes."
"Yum, well, these are really good. And blueberries, where'd you get blueberries?"
"Frozen, from last summer.... Mixed them in with the batter and they taste just like they were fresh picked. Okay, let’s eat up and get back to work. I wanna see what all those people have done to our boat."
Twenty minutes later, they were standing on top of the hill at the cove with their mouths open in amazement.
"Incredible!" exclaimed George. "Wow, look at that!"
Their old reliable boat had become a modern diesel powered ship. From keel to bridge and bow to stern, it looked like a brand new vessel just waiting for a crew to board so they could get under way.
"Oh-my-gosh...!" George went on, "Just look at that beautiful ship. Wow! Is that the same boat we left last night or am I dreaming?"
"Well…,” Ollie began as he gazed all around, "It’s the only one I see."
"Wow! Yup. That’s our boat Ollie."
"It looks a lot bigger and longer. And the hull is totally different. See underneath?"
"Nope. Same size. It’s ours. Just new paint. Looks good doesn’t it?"
"Yeah, looks really good. But it’s different, bigger, longer and wider."
When the giant railroad cranes gently hoisted the boat off the blocks and lowered it into the water Ollie was astonished.
“George, are you sure that is our boat?”
"Nope. That’s ours" said George with a huge grin, "It's definitely ours."
"But the props and rudders don’t even look like the ones we had and she floats a lot higher in the water. Are you sure that’s ours?"
George rubbed his chin thinking. "Um..., Yeah. It’s different but, she's ours all right."
Their walk down the hill took them through a very large crowd many of whom greeted them with, good morning and, good to see you today and what do you think of our work? 
Some people were washing up to go home, others were just arriving and there were spectators everywhere watching the work progress as if it were some sort of public event.
"Breakfast…?" asked one man who was scrambling eggs on a camping stove.  "Coffee…?" offered another. But the fishermen, anxious to see all the work that had been done, politely refused and continued walking toward the unbelievable sight that just three days before was their old well-worn fishing boat.
"Well, good morning" said a burly voice from the shadows inside the main cabin as they approached the vessel. "Tie ‘er up and secure a gangplank!" he hollered to the men on the dock.
"Who’s there? Who is that?"
"It’s me George" replied the man stepping out into the light. "You remember, from the tour boat?"
"Oh-my-gosh...! Captain Colby. It’s Captain Colby Ollie. Good morning. Did you just get here Sir?"
"Nope, I came to help right after work last night and I’ve been here ever since. Once I got started, I just couldn’t leave."
"You’ve been working on our boat all night? Wow. You must be really tired."
"Oh, I wouldn’t call it a boat George. Way too big for a boat. I’d say she’s a ship. And quite a good one at that. And she’s beautiful. Just look at what these people have done to her paint and trim. Great job I’d say."
"Yeah" agreed Ollie with an emphatic, "Really great! We couldn’t believe this was our boat when we got here this morning."
George refuted that statement with a light slap on Ollie’s arm. "Whad’a ya mean, we? Maybe you didn’t recognize her but I did."
"Oh. Sorry." mumbled Ollie. Then he grinned. "I knew it was our boat after I looked all around the cove, didn’t I? Ha! So there! But it still looks bigger and longer to me."
"Yeah, okay. I guess you did. And you’re right. It is a lot bigger."
Colby, snickering at their debate, just had to ask. "Do you two do this all the time?"
“Do what Sir?” They looked at each other, then at Colby. “Oh. Right. You mean the...” –– He pointed back and forth to Ollie and himself –– “Yeah, sometimes.” 
“That’s pretty funny.”
Anyway Captain, what did they need that took all night for you to do?"
"Oh, Mayor Miller asked me to check up on the work to see how things were going and lend a hand if necessary. When I got here, one of the mechanics asked me about bridge controls. Two engines, two sets of gauges, throttles and etcetera so you can control each engine independently.  I’ve been showing people how to install them properly. Come on, I’ll show you."
They went to the main bridge where a control panel, unlike any the fishermen had ever seen, had been partially installed. Their old wooden panel and its bare minimum of gauges had been completely replaced with a gleaming metal and mahogany dashboard sporting an array of dials, gauges, screens and controls for every imaginable function.
"Wow!" exclaimed Ollie.  "Look at all this. Oil pressure, temperature, RPM’s, fuel flow. And look, there’s a set for each engine. This is totally cool!"
George was scratching his head as he looked over the maze of instruments. "This looks really complicated" he said with a frown. "We’ll have to learn how all this stuff works before we go anywhere."
"The Captain can teach us George. See? This one tells us how fast the port engine is running and this one tells us the starboard one. And here is the oil pressure for the port one and this is the ––"
"Okay, okay. I get it Ollie. Where did you learn about all this stuff anyway?"
"I guess it was from one of those books I read. But it’s not so complicated. There’s just two of everything."
"Yeah, right, two. So what does differential mean? There’s only one of these."
Ollie chuckled. "That’s the difference in propulsion between the two propellers George. See, it shows port and starboard and this needle moves ––"
"Difference between… hmm. Okay, and there’s only one of this one too."
"Oh yeah, that one. Well, I guess we only need one speedometer."
George looked more closely at the gauge, saw what it was, closed his eyes and shook his head. "Duhhhhh" he said. "I should have known that."
Captain Colby hadn’t said a word during the fishermen’s discussion. Instead, he just listened and smiled, surprised at Ollie’s knowledge and George’s lack thereof. 
"George," he said when they were done, "I’ll show you how to read and control everything and you’ll soon find that all of these instruments are extremely useful."
"It is impressive and very complicated looking. I’m not sure I can learn how to use all this stuff. Thruster...? What's a thruster?"
Ollie patted his friend's shoulder. "Don’t worry George, you can do it. We’ll both learn…, together…, at the same time."
"Humph. I suppose. Together huh? Okay. We’ll both learn." But he was still skeptical. "Captain, do you remember asking if you could go out to sea with us sometime?"
"Of course I remember. I’d love to. Especially on this beautiful ship. It would be exciting to actually go someplace instead of just steaming round and round in circles on a lake that never changes."
"Great! We’ll have to check everything out before leaving and we can learn how to use all this stuff at the same time. When do you think we can do that?"
"Ah, you mean a shakedown cruise. I think she’ll be ready for a trial run sometime tomorrow."
"That soon huh? Okay. Ollie, guess you and I had better meet with the Mayor and make a plan for this mission. Captain, you should come too."
"I'd be happy to. All right then, George, Ollie, let’s all go see the Mayor."
"Oh good!" said Ollie clapping his hands. "Um, I know I fixed up the truck but can we take the train George? Pleeeezzzzz? It comes by every hour and the next one will be here in a few minutes."
"Sure." chuckled George. "We’ll take the train this time."
"Good. I like riding the train."
"To the train then!" exclaimed Colby pointing up as if he were in some stage play. "Let’s get this trip started."
Twenty minutes later they were back in Magic Town halfway between the passenger station and city hall when Miller met them in the street. "Oh, wonderful. You’re here. That saves me a trip. Tell me how preparations are progressing. When will we be ready?"
"Good morning Mayor" they all replied.
"Call me Mike boys. How soon ––"
"Tomorrow Sir. Tomorrow is the shakedown cruise."
"Ollie," cautioned George, "maybe and maybe not, it depends on the work."
Miller, however, wasn't satisfied with a maybe and wanted a straight answer. "Gentlemen, please. Do you or do you not know when you can leave?"
"Sir," said Colby, "if work continues at its current rate we should be ready to test everything by late tomorrow. If it checks out okay we can leave any time after that. George and Ollie believe a plan is in order and I agree."
"Very well. Then let’s go to my office and create a plan."
Back at City Hall they hovered around a large table in Miller's office examining Simms’s map and discussing how they would safely retrieve the kidnapped children.
While Miller and George were laying rulers on the map to calculate the necessary headings, distance and travel time, Ollie silently watched their route develop.
"That looks pretty straightforward.”
"Yup. Straight in and straight back" said George. "One day at the most. What do you think Ollie?"
Without hesitation he replied with a simple, "Nope...! Won’t work!"
They both looked at Ollie.
"Won’t work? What do you mean it won’t work?" asked Miller.
"Yeah," added George, "it’s pretty obvious. Straight out and back. So what is there about that route that won’t work?"
"You can’t go straight George. Remember the currents? And there's a rocky shoal just southeast of the big island."
"Oh-my-gosh," exclaimed George with a look of realization. "He’s right! There’s a really strong current right, um, somewhere over…" His finger moved over the map. "I think it’s around here or near this area."
Ollie picked up a compass. "May I draw on the map Mr. Mayor?"
Miller held out a pencil. "Sure Ollie. Go ahead. Help yourself."
"Thank you Sir." he said adjusting the compass points to the maps scale.
Then he leaned over the map and started to mark distance, positions and depth before drawing the islands freehand. Small dots emerged as his hand rapidly skipped the pencil in a stippling motion over the empty area of sea. 
George and the Mayor watched with amazement as Ollie’s hand moved faster and faster, bouncing, skipping, scrolling, making sharp lines and smooth arcs. He erased, added, rubbed and shaded the small piece of art until the islands, the currents around them and the depths of the surrounding waters were detailed to his satisfaction.
His drawing was so intricate it looked like an aerial photograph with annotations marking complete oceanic data. He straightened up, examined his work, added a few more lines and said, "There, I think that’s right."
George was dumbfounded. "Where’d you learn to draw like that?"
"I read a book George. Then I practiced on scrap paper and did some of our fishing charts. I thought you saw the changes I made."
George was nearly speechless at the talent Ollie had just displayed. "Wow! You did that on our charts? I noticed some changes but I thought they were new charts you picked up somewhere. Double wow!"
"I couldn’t find any new ones so I drew stuff on the ones we had whenever I had the time. My scribbling helped us to get through that nasty channel up around the north cove so I guess it was okay."
"Okay…?" George shrieked, "Okay...? Ollie, you –– are –– brilliant!"
"Gee, thanks George but all I did was scribble a few pictures on our charts."
"Scribble? You call that scribbling?" –– George put his finger on Ollie’s drawing of the islands. –– "That looks like a photograph!"
"Well George," Miller laughed, "it looks like your partner is a surprisingly good artist."
"Boy, I’ll say. Are these currents accurate Ollie? And this spot here, is this where we can land?"
"Yup. That’s where the currents are but that spot is probably where the bad guys landed. It’s the only calm place on either one of those islands but we can’t land there."
"Why not?"
"Cause… if we go straight in, they’ll be able to see us coming so we should go around here and land here." Ollie’s finger traced his suggested path to the north side of the big island. "Then, we can sneak up on ‘em…. Maybe…. If they don’t have a lookout…. And we can make it in to shore through those breakers."
"Ooooo…. That sounds dangerous. How come we should go way up there and then back down to the island?"
"Cause George, if we stay at least thirteen miles away, we’ll be below their horizon, out of their line of sight. Then we can go straight in from the north."
"Ah, the curvature of the Earth. Brilliant!" mumbled Miller.
George looked at the Mayor. "What?"
"Oh, Ollie was talking about the curvature of the planet George. A ship that’s more than thirteen miles away can’t be seen unless you get up to a high spot. It’s below the visual horizon at sea level."
"Oh." George scratched his chin. "Horizon…. Curvature…. I see." He looked at Ollie and with a huge grin, said, "This is my partner. Smart guy isn’t he."
Miller smiled. "Yes he is George. Yes he is. But tell me Ollie, what if they're being held on the other island?"
"I don't think they'd do that Sir. The big island has lots of trees and caves and freshwater streams. The other island is just a big flat dead rock. There's no place to hide and nothing to drink. Nope. I think they'd be on the big island and probably in one of the caves."
"Hmm," breathed Miller. "Impressive! I like it." George and Colby both nodded in agreement. "Very well then," Miller continued clapping his hands while heading to the office door to send for Simms, "let's get this plan on the road."
“Ollie, where did you learn all that stuff and why didn’t you ever tell me?"
"Gee George, I was just reading things and I remembered what was in most of them. Besides, we never needed any of that stuff before and I didn’t think you were interested."
"Well, if I had known, I would've –– oh, shush, he’s coming back!"
"Well boys," said Miller as he walked back to the table. "Simms should be here soon and we’ll get his opinion on Ollie’s plan. Would you like some hot chocolate while we’re waiting? It takes the winter chill out of your bones very nicely."
The sound of that offer instantly made Ollie’s face light up with a grin. "Hot chocolate…? Ooooo.... Yes please, I like hot chocolate!"
Just then, the Mayor’s assistant came walking in with a silver tray sporting cups and a pitcher of hot chocolate surrounded by warm hot cross buns. Ollie's grin widened. "Wow!" he chuckled, "my favorite! George’s too but he won’t admit it."
George glared at Ollie and took a bun. "Thank you" he said while filling his cup. This is a treat, one that we don’t get at home."
"Well, you can always get it here," chuckled Miller, "anytime you want."
"Umm good," said Ollie. "Careful George, don’t burn your tongue again."
That reminded George of his previous encounter with the hot beverage. So carefully sipped it. "Umm, there." he said licking his lips. "See Ollie? I can do it too."
Colby smiled and followed George's lead. Then Miller held up his cup for a toast. "Well boys, Merry Christmas!"
"Merry Christmas Sir." replied Ollie with a grin. "And I hope it will be a very happy one for everyone!"
"Don’t worry Mr. Mayor," added George. "We’ll find ‘em and bring ‘em home."
"I’ll drink to that." said Miller. But as the cup touched his lips, he jerked it away, almost spilling it. "Ouch! That’s really hot!"
The men looked at each other trying to hide their snickering. Ollie whispered, "I guess you’re not the only one who does that George."
"Ow –– ow!" cried Miller. That hurts! I should have waited till it cooled a bit first."
"Take a bite of a bun Sir. The frosting might help take the sting away."
Miller picked up a bun, took a bite and, while rubbing the sweet frosting over his lips with his tongue, said, "Oh, that's better. Whew. That worked. It feels better. How did you know that would help George?"
George patted Ollie’s shoulder. "I did the same thing once and a friend told me about eating a hot cross bun. Don’t know what’s in it but it works."
"I think it’s the frosting George."
"The frosting huh? Well, it worked."
When the hot chocolate had cooled enough to be drinkable, they all sat to enjoy their late morning snack. Shortly thereafter, the sound of marching boots echoed outside the office windows.
"Companeeeeeeeee…, Halt!" ordered a loud voice just outside the building. The sounds stopped with a perfectly timed thud, thud. "At ease!" ordered the voice. Then Simms burst in through the office door.
"Ah, Mr. Mayor, gentlemen," he said with a smile, "The personnel we need to rescue the Queen’s children have arrived and they are ready to deploy. Have you completed everything at your end?"
Miller looked out the window. "Simms, it looks like you have a whole army out there. Are you expecting a war?"
"Mr. Mayor, this is about the Queen’s own children, the Royal Princesses. I would not dare to answer this threat with anything less. Did you actually expect these two commoners to perform such a critical mission?"
George leaned close to Ollie and whispered. "Commoners, what’s he talking about? We’re fishermen not commoners."
Simms heard the whisper and rolled his eyes in disgust. But, before he could utter a word, Miller’s sharp glare caught his attention. He hesitated for a moment. Then, with an exaggerated bow, he arrogantly replied. "Of course. You are fishermen. Not commoners. I offer my sincere apology to you both."
"Yup Mr. Courier. We are common fishermen. We don’t do anything special. We just catch fish and bring them in so lots and lots of people will have something good and fresh to eat. Do you eat fish Mr. Courier?"
When Simms suddenly realized that some of his own food came from these fishermen, he didn’t know what to say. But Miller did. He walked over to the fishermen and put an arm around each of them.
"I see that this Royal Courier we have standing before us thinks that fishing is just a common occupation. I wonder how he’d fare on the open water, or how many people he could feed. Boys, I think Mr. Simms here is a supercilious and insecure little boy pretending to be oh so well educated, so well entrenched in the upper crust of society, so knowledgeable and so very, very important!"
George's face screwed up into his 'I have no idea what you just said' expression. "What’s super –– cil –– cili, uh, whatever you said –– cilious, mean?"
"Oh! I think I know!" exclaimed Ollie. "It’s kind of like arrogant or pompous or stuck-up George. You know, like a total pompous self-centered jerk!"
"Oh! Right. I thought it was something like that."
The Mayor turned to cover his mouth and keep from laughing out loud at Simms’s facial expression of complete mortification.
The insulted courier folded his arms as if bracing himself for the next sarcastic insult.
"All right then," said Miller after a few intensely silent moments. "Let’s get this show on the road. How many soldiers do you have out there Simms?"
Although still quite insulted, Simms decided that an angry retort was not the thing to do. So, through gritted teeth and in his most royal demeanor, he grudgingly replied. "One-hundred of the Queen's finest Royal Marines stand ready to deploy on this mission. And they are called Marines, not soldiers."
"One-hundred? Won't work Mr. Courier. They won't all fit on our boat."
Simms’s face went red, his cheeks puffed out and his eyes grew large with anger. "Stop calling me Mr. Courier! My name is Simms! Mr. Simms to you Mr., um, Mr. Ollie, um… Do you even have a surname?"
Ollie looked at George for help and stammered, "Um, well, I think I do. I..., we don't..., we just call each other George and Ollie. George, do I have a surname?"
George put his arm around Ollie and smiled. "Yes you do Ollie. It's Kuhn and it means councilman, brave and smart. When you were twelve and your parents were killed, I took you in and taught you how to fish. I guess, over the years, we've never really needed to use our last names so I never thought to mention it. I think it's a fine honorable name Ollie Kuhn and I'm proud that you're my friend."
"Oh wow...! There Mr. Courie ––, I mean Mr. Simms. My name is Ollie Kuhn. Mr. Kuhn to you Sir!" And, with a haughty expression, Ollie folded his arms and smiled.
A slight snicker was evident on the Mayor's face. "May I call you Ollie or do you prefer a more formal Mr. Kuhn?"
"Oh, um, well Mr. Mayor, you can ––"
"Call me Mike."
"Oh, okay. Call me Ollie 'cause you're a nice person and I like nice people."
Simms practically burst his cheeks as he bellowed. "Gentlemen... Please! Now that you've had your fun with an officer of the Royal Court, can we please discuss this most important mission instead of wasting time socializing at my expense?"
"Oh calm down Simms." chuckled Miller, "We have to wait for the boat to be readied. And, by the way, speaking of names and the like Mr. Simms, exactly what is yours? Pray tell us..., Sir!"
Simms hemmed and hawed for a few moments but they would not let him avoid answering. Finally, he mumbled, "Beverley."
"Beverley?" asked George with a laugh.
Their smiles began to change into restrained snickering and Simms readied himself for even more rude insults.
Instead of laughing to make the man feel even more mortified, Ollie said, "Oh. Beverley huh? That's a nice name. I think it means beaver stream. Kind of old English. Strong powerful creatures, beavers are. That's a really good name for an industrious man."
Simms, ready to verbally fight protecting his fragile ego, was taken completely off guard by Ollie's generosity and compassion. He let out a soft, "Um," followed with, "Thank you Ollie, I mean Mr. Kuhn. Thank you indeed. I very much appreciate your kind description."
"Okay. You can call me Ollie. You made me laugh so I like you now. But I'm going to call you Mr. Simms because I don't want anyone making fun of your first name and your initials wouldn't sound very good either; 'BS'. So I'll just call you Mr. Simms. After all, you are a royal, um, courier person."
"All rightie then," began Colby, "now that we've gotten the niceties out of the way let's all get ready for tomorrow's cruise, shall we? Lots to do and we'd better get cracking."
"Guess we'd better go home, huh George? Um, can we ride the train? I like riding the train."

~*~
A New Name for an Old Ship
~*~
Rested and ready for a big day, the fishermen were putting breakfast dishes away when Ollie suddenly froze.
"Did you hear that George?"
"No. Hear what? I didn't hear anything."
"Sounded kinda like a ship's horn, you know, like the one we use."
He peered out a window and saw the faint shape of a ship moving slowly through thick morning fog toward the dock in their cove.
"George, I think someone's coming."
"Yup. Does look like it. Grab your jacket. We'd better go see who it is."
As they hurried down the hill toward the dock more and more of the ship's detail became visible. Large tubes flanked the bridge and several antennas could be discerned. The ship moved in a way they had never seen before. With so many major changes, she was barely recognizable. But it––was––her! Their venerable old boat had become a bright new powerful ship outfitted with all the latest gear.
She slowly pulled in reversing power and slipping sideways to gently stop in a perfect mooring position at the dock. It seemed impossible that an old fishing boat could ever move in such an agile manner.
"Is that really our boat?" mumbled George disbelievingly.
"I think so." replied Ollie as he watched people tying lines and going to and fro from dock to ship. "And those look like new gangplanks too. Let's go get a closer look."
They walked out on the dock, up the gangway, across the deck and up to the bridge where Captain Colby was just finishing his notes in the ship's logbook.
“Top o' the mornin' to ya boys. She's everything we hoped for. A fine ship she is."
The fishermen were so excited their questions came out one on top of the other. "You took her out!" exclaimed George. "Where'd you go?" asked Ollie. "We thought she wouldn’t be ready for a shakedown cruise till tonight."
Colby laughed and waited until they stopped interrupting each other.
"Work was going so well we continued through the night and finished everything a few hours ago. Didn't want to hold up the mission so we took her out for a shakedown. And, my fine seagoing lads, she performed beautifully, right up to specs. I have to say she's one of the finest ships I've ever set foot on. Does all she's asked and more. Everything went just fine. Works as specified and...," then he leaned close and whispered, "...I'd be right proud to serve on 'er for this mission. That is, if you two could see your way clear to allow it."
The fishermen were still dazed at the transformation and for a moment, didn't answer. "She's beautiful," mumbled George. "She looks like new. Better than new! She looks like I always dreamt she should be."
Ollie nudged his friend and whispered, "George...?"
"Huh? Oh, what is it Ollie?"
"George, Captain Colby wants to go with us on this mission. Can he?"
"Oh. Right. Sure." replied George so engrossed in looking around the new bridge he hadn't even really heard Ollie's question. "Oh my," he went on. "She's just beautiful! Look at all the new shiny paint and hardware and ––"
"George," interrupted Ollie, "does that mean yes? The Captain can go on this mission?"
George looked at Colby. "Oh. Right. Yes. Yes it does Ollie. Captain Colby, welcome aboard. And thank you for pushing all that work through. Wow. I can't believe you and all those people got everything done so fast."
"Thank you George." said Colby shaking hands with the two fishermen. "Thank you both. Now, we have only a few more things to do before setting sail."
"We do?" queried George looking out the hatch at the activity on the deck. "What things? They're already loading supplies."
"Yes they are George but your fine new ship needs a proper name. Don't you think?"
"A name? We never did name her, never needed to before. Um, what should we call her? Maybe the ‘GO Ship’. ‘G’ and an ‘O’ for George and Ollie...?"
Ollie nudged his partner but George, now deep in thought, paid no attention.
"No. Maybe not. That doesn't sound very good. Let's see...."
Ollie nudged him again.
"Or maybe ‘Fish for Dinner’ because that's what we do every day."
Ollie nudged a little harder and cleared his throat with a loud, "Ahhhh, Hmmmmm!"
"Or maybe ––"
Ollie rolled his eyes and grabbed George's shoulder shaking it. "George…!"
"What Ollie...? What is it now?"
"She's flying a royal flag. And we have an important mission. Maybe we could name her after what we're supposed to do today."
"After what we're supposed to do? What's that mean? What kind of a name is, ‘Sail off to the north islands and rescue the Queen's children’? Ha! We'd need a bigger transom or awfully small letters."
"I had something a little bit shorter than that in mind George."
"What, like, ‘The Rescue Boat’ or, ‘Here We Come to Get'cha’ or maybe ––"
"No George, I thought we could call her, ‘Protector’ because Queen Caryn hopes we'll protect and bring her daughters back alive and unharmed. That's our job today. Sooooo..., it makes sense, doesn't it? Anyway, that's what I thought of first."
George and Colby looked at each other for a few seconds, smiled, slapped Ollie on the shoulders and said, "Done!" Then Colby shook Ollie's hand. "That's a great name and it’s very appropriate for a ship of this caliber."
George chuckled. "Yeah, and it'll fit on the transom too."
Ollie grinned, shuffled his feet and mumbled. "Aw, thanks. Um, what's the other thing we have to do Captain? Oh, and if you're a captain and George is the captain of our fishing boat, who's going to be the captain today?"
"Good question." replied Colby. "It's your boat. So if George is the captain and you, Ollie, are the 'XO', the executive officer, then I can be your first mate. How does that sound?"
The fishermen glanced at each other for a split-second and replied in unison, "Done!"
They slapped hands in the air and Colby began explaining the results of the shakedown cruise when they heard someone hollering. "Let me through. Let me through! I am a Royal Courier and have important documents to deliver!" It was an irritatingly familiar voice coming from somewhere outside.
George and Colby rolled their eyes, shook their heads and moaned, "Simms!"
"Aw, he's not so bad," said Ollie. "He just acts like he's been taught. Let's go see what he wants. Okay?"
"Well, I for one am not ready to listen to his arrogant puffery but, I suppose we should all go," muttered Colby.
George nodded, and they went out the hatch, down to the deck and over to a gangplank where, standing on the dock in front of thirty-seven marines, was Mr. Beverley Simms holding a rolled up document, waiting for the fishermen to arrive. When they waved and told him to come aboard, he held up a hand, turned back toward the growing crowd of workers and spectators and yelled, "Hear ye hear ye, Hear ye all!" Everyone became very quiet. Simms let the document unroll and began to read.

"Messrs. George Collins and Ollie Kuhn, legal owners of this ship you see before you, are hereby commissioned as official agents and representatives of the Queen. Further, their ship, the..., um..., their ship ––"

He turned back toward the fishermen silently mouthing, what name, what is its name? They weren't sure what he was asking and Simms couldn't make out what they were silently mouthing back at him. So, he improvised with perfect royal demeanor.

"Their ship, to be named forthwith, is commissioned by the Queen and authorized to fly the Royal Flag of the Monarchy operating autonomously and without interference on the high seas and at any place of landing. Issued and authorized this day for the duration of this important mission by Queen Caryn herself."

Once again their mouths were agape as George and Ollie stared in disbelief. Simms did an about face, marched up the gangplank and called out, "Permission to come aboard Sirs?"
George and Ollie both fumbled out a, "Sure. Come on up. Yeah, you can come aboard." Then, Captain Colby let out a loud, "Permission granted Mr. Simms!" Whereupon, Simms saluted the flag, took the last few steps onto the deck and stood at attention holding out the royal decree toward George. He took it, looked at it and, quite puzzled, asked, "What's this all about?"
"Protocol, Mr. Collins, dictates that commoners cannot do or perform any official business of the Queen. Therefore, I took it upon myself to advise the Queen, who thereupon, issued this decree. You Messrs. Collins and Kuhn, are no longer commoners."
George looked at the decree, then at Ollie and back at Simms. 
"We're fishermen Mr. Simms, always have been, always will be. But thank you for this, um, royal decree thing. We'll hang it in our living room I guess."
Ollie peered past his partner's shoulder at the fancily detailed scroll and nodded. "Yup, that might look nice right next to a picture of our new boat. Let's take a picture before we leave today. Okay?"
"Ah," interjected Simms pointing his index finger upward, "I have a photographer for exactly that purpose. But first we must enter the name of your ship.”  –– He pointed at the blank space on the scroll. –– “Just here. Have you named her and, if so, what name?"
With huge grins, George and Ollie chimed out, "Protector!" Simms, who one would never expect to show even the slightest grin, chuckled. And with a surprisingly happy smile he exclaimed, "Splendid! That name is absolutely splendid. No doubt the Queen will be most pleased. Who, may I ask, is the architect of such a perfect name?"
Colby and George pointed at Ollie who blushed and let out an almost whispered, "Me."
"Well Mr. Kuhn, you've ––"
"Call me Ollie. You can call me Ollie."
"Um, yes, sorry. Well then Ollie, it seems strange calling one by one's given name but, Ollie, you are a very creative genius."
"No Mr. Simms. I'm just a fisherman."
"Oh I believe you are far more than that, Ollie. You address me formally and ask me to address you informally and, for that, you have my gratitude. Perhaps I've learned an important lesson coming here."
"Oh really, what lesson is that Simms?" queried Colby.
Simms looked at the Captain and raised one eyebrow. "That what I have been taught regarding the ignorance and stupidity of commoners is either faulty or a lie. These two men, in fact all these people, have proven to be some of the best people I've ever had the honor to meet."
"Ignorant and stupid huh?" said Colby incredulously. "Who would teach such a thing?"
"Why, the Captain of the Guard it was. He was my personal teacher for several years."
George's face screwed up into his, I don't understand expression. "Why would he tell you everyone was ignorant and stupid?"
"Hey," interrupted Ollie, "maybe that's what he was taught. And, he never got out much huh. Ya think maybe that's it?"
Simms started to tell them that his teacher descended from a long line of Royal Guards, all the way back to King Lexus but then a trumpet sounded outside and he cut his story short. "Have to get this done properly," he said while writing a note. "Mr. Kuhn, um, Ollie, would you please give this to my aide right there on the dock."
"Sure," replied Ollie scurrying away with the note in his hand.
Then Simms pulled out a wide tipped pen and carefully entered the chosen name, letter by skillfully drawn letter, on the decree. When Ollie returned from his errand, he looked at Simms’s partially done calligraphy, smiled and said, "He's really good at this writing stuff."
Finally, Simms straightened up and looked at his work. "There. Tis a fine name for a fine ship. We'll let that dry while the artists complete their work outside. Then, pictures. We must have pictures."
George agreed with Ollie but had a question about the name. "Mr. Simms, what is hms? Is hms a word... how do you pronounce it... hmmmmmsss?"
"It's H M S George It means Her Majesty's Ship."
"Oh. I thought it was our ship. Did she take it away?"
Simms chuckled. "No George. You and Ollie still own it but you now sail under the Queen's protection."
"Oh. Good because Ollie and I have used this boat ever since I can remember. We don't have much, only our house and this boat but that's all we need."
"Don't forget the truck George. We have a truck.... that I fixed... that runs just fine now. And the heater works too. Remember?"
"Right. And a truck too," added George, "can't forget the truck.... that Ollie fixed."
In the time it took to write on the decree, let the ink dry and discuss ownership of their boat, two artists had finished painting HMS Protector on the port hull. They all went outside, everyone took their places and pictures were taken of Simms presenting the decree to the fishermen flanked by a platoon of Royal Marines in front of the newly refurbished ship. 
Simms read the proclamation again as the photographer took more pictures and this time, he included the ship's new name. George and Ollie were beaming with pride when everyone clapped and cheered. But, precious minutes were quickly passing.
George tried to keep smiling and facing the camera while whispering through the side of his mouth to Ollie. "I'm glad I wore these new warm clothes you gave me. I've never been in a picture before. Now we'll have something to hang on the wall when we get back. Um, how long does this protocol stuff last? Shouldn't we be getting ready to go?"
"Go? Oh right. Mr. Simms..., the girls!
"Oh. Thank you Ollie. Yes, we must hurry." Simms held up his hands. "Thank you, thank you all. We must now finish preparing this fine vessel for her mission."
It was time to begin a potentially dangerous mission to find and rescue two children who had been spirited away.
~*~


The Amphibious Assault
~*~
With the push of a few buttons, powerful diesel engines sprang to life humming a song below deck that was barely audible above. Even the usual rumbling and burbling of exhaust pipes were silent from special muffling equipment making her quiet, stealthy and difficult to hear even from the dock. She was only idling before pulling out so how, the fishermen wondered, would she sound and more importantly, perform when cruising over heavy ocean waves?
The lines and gangplanks were released and an ‘all clear’ signal was given. Colby deftly nudged her sideways away from the dock, backwards to deeper water and then, as if the ship was sitting on a turntable, rotated her clockwise one hundred and eighty degrees to head out to sea.
"Wow!" exclaimed Ollie. "We just turned all the way around without moving fore or aft. That was totally cool!"
George looked puzzled, almost disbelieving. But he did manage to mumble, "How did ––" while looking backward and forward twisting his hands in the air wondering how the boat he knew so well could move in a way that seemed quite impossible. "I mean, sideways....? And then.... How did he ––"
"Thrusters!" interrupted Ollie patting his friend on the shoulder, "Underwater thrusters George. They work like water jets. That must be the extra stuff we saw when they were putting her back in the water the other day."
George still didn't really understand. "Oh. Right. The hull did look sort of different with those weird things in it but ––"
"See? Ha! I knew it. You saw it too."
"Yeah. Guess I did. You're right. Wow!"
As HMS Protector started moving away, the workers and spectators began clapping, cheering and wishing them a safe and successful journey. Their hard work and pride of craftsmanship had transformed an old fishing boat into a modern fully capable patrol transport now tasked with saving the lives of two children. They would sail with everyone's hopes and wishes for the best possible outcome.
She quietly glided toward the deep open sea. Two knots at first, then four and then eight. "She feels good." said Colby with one hand on the wheel and the other on the throttles.
"George..., or should I address you as Captain Collins? Let's have you take over and open her up a bit. Go ahead Sir." He took his hands off the controls and stepped away.
"Get your hands on those controls and push the throttles forward another notch so you can get the feel of how she handles."
George looked at Ollie and grinned. Then he grabbed the wheel with his left hand and ran his right lightly over the throttles.
After a few seconds of feeling how the controls felt in his palms, he looked out over the bow, down at the gauges and pushed both throttles ever so slightly forward.
The engines responded instantly but their smooth humming was still a sound heard only below deck. The speedometer showed a four knot increase in speed and Colby encouraged him to continue. Another notch, two more knots, then another and two more, and another and another until they were traveling faster than the fishermen had ever gone before.
"Is this speedometer right?" queried George dubiously. "It says twenty-five knots. That can't be right or we'd be banging over the waves and vibrating all over and she's moving like we're on glass!"
"Oh it is right George. And she's got even more. How does she feel?"
"Amazing Captain. And really smooth."
"Call me John, or Mr. Colby if you want to be formal in front of the crew. After all, you are the captain of HMS Protector and I'm your first mate. Remember?"
George grinned. "Oh. Right. This is amazing John. Unbelievable! And we’re only at one-quarter power!"
For the next hour, George, Ollie, Colby, two of his steamboat crew, a platoon of Royal Marines and Horace Green, a doctor sent by the Queen's minister, sped smoothly over the water toward the north islands.
Ollie had already figured out most of the controls but when Colby explained how to use the port and starboard thrusters, he got very excited. "Wow!" he exclaimed. "George, George, do you know what this means?"
"Sure. It means it'll be easier to pull up to our dock. It's nice but why is that so great?"
"No George. It means we'll be able to get into that tricky harbor and sail right up to Mr. Barns' dock. We don't have to unload our fish, take them up the hill and unload them again and then load them on the truck and then off the truck and ––"
George let out a very long "Oooooooo" as his eyes widened. "You're right! We can sail in and Barnes' crew will unload for us. Wow. That'll save us loads of time every day. You're right Ollie. That is totally cool!"
Just then, Colby noticed a change on one of the instruments. "Looks like we just hit that current you talked about. Give her a little correction George?"
George scanned the instrument panel, made a slight correction with the wheel and they were back on course. "Wow! The last time we crossed that current I had to use almost full power and a fifteen degree angle just to make any headway. This time I barely moved the wheel and she's pushing right through like it wasn't even there. Ha! I love our new boat."
"Two degrees George. That's all it took and we're right on course with that tiny correction. Protector is awesome...!"
For the next hour, they talked about the new equipment and how it would make their work so much easier while Ollie continued checking the instruments and plotting their current position on the map.
"It’s time to change course and head up and around to the north side of the islands." Then he grinned. "Recommend change to zero degrees heading Sir!"
George chuckled. "Very well XO. Change of heading approved. Coming right to zero degrees." Then the three men looked at each other and burst out laughing.
They sped through the choppy waters unaffected by crosscurrents and wind but approaching the beach through breakers and rocks would be treacherous. They were on a tight schedule and the setting sun told them they had only a short time to reach their landing position so the Marines could debark right at twilight as planned.
George pushed the throttles forward a little more and they sped up and around their planned loop at a calculated speed quickly reaching their last waypoint ten minutes later.
"Recommend all slow Captain," announced Ollie as he moved a small thimble on his chart to mark their position. Then he looked up and grinned. "Was that like a Navy thing I said? Was it good George? Captain Colb –– I mean John, did I do that right?"
Colby whispered to George who then replied, "Aye, aye XO. Roger that, all slow!"
They slapped hands together in the air, sort of a 'high five', but then reality set in and nervous tension filled the air.
"I'll tell the Marines to get ready for the landing." said Colby leaning close to a microphone, pressing a button and announcing, "ETA, four minutes!" Then he flipped a switch that lit up a screen in front of the wheel. "Watch this as you head in George. It'll show you where underwater obstructions might be lurking."
George's jaw dropped. "Holy tuna fish!" he exclaimed. "That's like a picture of the bottom!"
Ollie, peering around George's shoulder, smiled and agreed. "Yeah. And George...?"
"This is cool! Yeah Ollie. What?"
"That dark thing..., right there..., directly ahead.... It's a big rock. I think you'd better turn or something."
"Oh –– Right ––!”
"No. I think you'd better turn left 'cause there's another ––"
"Okay Ollie. Geezzzz! I see it."
The fishermen, still amazed at the workings of their new instruments, carefully guided HMS Protector through the maze of rocks to fifty yards from the shoreline. George pulled the throttles back to zero. "Better drop anchor to hold her here huh?" 
Colby looked at Ollie and pointed to a button on the instrument panel.
"Nope. Don't have to. Watch this." Ollie moved his hand in a wide circle over his head as if swooping down with his index finger to pounce on some prey emphasizing his intention to press a button labeled Position Auto Hold. The wheel and throttles jerked slightly making George jump and pull his hands away.
"Whoa! What was that?"
"It's okay George. John showed this to me. As long as we're not in rough water, this auto-hold thing will keep our position without an anchor. And watch this George, you'll love it." He turned a dial to 180 degrees and pressed its center button. Thrusters slowly rotated the ship around bow to stern and held them, ready to head back out to sea. "How's that George?"
 "Unbelievable! How ––?"
"Thrusters George. Pretty cool huh!"
Colby gave Ollie a high-five, walked to the aft hatch and motioned with his hand to the crew on the deck below.
With the ship now holding the proper position, the Marines deployed six small boats, little more than skiffs, and paddled silently away toward the beach. All they could do now was wait and hope the mission would be quick and successful.
The bridge was silent except for the soft tick-tick-tick of a clock and the faint sound of waves lapping the shoreline. Waiting and not knowing was agonizing. Ollie started to pace back and forth glancing out windows and watching twilight fade into darkness.
He walked out the aft hatch and stared toward the beach but even starlight, blocked by thick clouds, revealed no detail. "Pitch black." he muttered to himself. "Come on Marines. Be safe and bring them back. No one dies tonight." 
George heard his friend's soft muttering and knew Ollie was a worrier. He motioned for Colby to take over at the controls. "Thanks." he whispered before heading outside to stand next to his partner.
"It's really dark tonight. Cloudy too."
Ollie just shifted his weight.
"You know," George continued, "this is a lot like fishing with a line."
"What is?"
"Waiting. You've gotta have patience."
Ollie started to say something but was interrupted by the unmistakable sound of a single gunshot in the distance. They froze, quietly listening, wondering what was happening but only silence followed.
Tick-tick, tick-tick; seconds grew into minutes without word, sound or sign so they went back inside and continued pacing.
Nearly an hour had passed since the Marines had debarked and even Colby was visibly concerned. Tick-tick, tick-tick. Suddenly Ollie said, "I think I heard something."
Once again, they froze in place, listening. A soft thud emanated from somewhere toward the stern. Then another. They ran to the hatch and peered out.
The Marines were quietly boarding and pulling each small boat up over the transom, stacking them and tying them down.
"They're back!" exclaimed Ollie grinning. "They made it! Let's go see if the kids are okay."
"Keep her in place John." said George as he and Ollie ran down to the deck where they found Dr. Green examining two young, terrified, shivering girls.
"Are they the ––"
"Yes." interrupted the doctor. "I must check them for injuries. Give me room."
The fishermen stepped aside so the doctor could escort the girls wrapped in heavy blankets down to a cabin. "Glad you made it okay." said Ollie with a slight wave as they passed by. Then George whispered, "Come on Ollie, let's go home."
Their trip back was quiet and uneventful. Once they were on their final heading, Ollie made a large pot of hot chocolate. "I'm going to take this to those Marines. It's cold out there on the deck and this'll warm them."
"Hey. That's a great idea. Can we have some as well?"
"Sure George. Yours is right there. I put your cups on that table. Don't spill any on those new instruments." And with his unique 'Ollie grin' he went out to the deck.
"Wait." said George grabbing Ollie's shoulder. "What about cups? We don't have enough for all those people."
"Don't worry George. They're Marines. I'll bet they're carrying their own cups."
HMS Protector was quietly skimming over the waves, straight home at thirty-five knots. The Marines were enjoying a warm beverage, Dr. Green and Mr. Simms were taking care of the Princesses and no one had been hurt. 
They would arrive in an hour and George, who hadn't eaten since they left, was very hungry. When his stomach growled the third time, Colby pulled an energy bar from his pocket. "Here Captain Collins, this might hold you over till we can get a real meal."
Just then, Ollie came back from below deck with a thoughtful expression on his face. "There's something wrong. This rescue was way too easy. Just doesn't seem right."
"What are you talking about?" asked Colby. "What's wrong with easy? Easy is good."
"Well," mumbled Ollie pondering the events. "The Lieutenant told me they found the Princesses in a cave guarded only by those two prisoners they have tied up. They fired the shot we heard as a warning to get their attention. And the two bad guys didn't even put up a fight or try to escape. It was just too easy. There’s something wrong about this whole mission."
Colby laughed. "What's wrong with that? I like easy."
"Me too." added George. "You're just being paranoid Ollie. Make some more hot chocolate and relax. We did it!"
"Yeah, I suppose." he responded pensively. "I guess we did. But ––"
George rolled his eyes and shook his head. "John, my partner is always worrying about everything. It's just his nature."
Colby chuckled. "Now how about that hot chocolate Ollie? I'd really like another cup. How about you George?"
Ollie grabbed a pitcher and started making the sweet beverage all the while mumbling "Doesn't feel right. Doesn’t feel right at all. Shouldn't have been that easy."
George just rolled his eyes and shook his head dismissing his partner’s alarms.
Colby, however, became a bit pensive as he listened to Ollie's concerns. What else, he wondered, would this seemingly ignorant fisherman who connected tiny details like no one he had ever met, surprise him with?
"Well boys, you know what you're doing up here now so I'm going below to see how the doctor is doing with the Princesses. Thanks for the hot chocolate Ollie. It was good."
"You're welcome Capt–– I mean, John. Gee, I hope they're okay."
"Don't worry. Dr. Green is the best there is and knows how to take care of them."
“Thanks for telling me that. I was really worried about them.”
Colby disappeared through the door leaving George and Ollie alone on the bridge. They were quiet at first but then began talking about their boat's many enhancements.
"We can go a lot faster now." boasted George, pointing at the speedometer, "Look at this. Thirty-five knots and we're only at one-third power!"
"And it's really smooth. Um, George?"
"Yeah, what is it now Ollie?"
"What did they do to the hull?"
"I don't know. Why? What makes you think they did something besides install new propeller shafts and make it bigger?"
"Look at how high we're riding. And it's smooth like we're barely touching the waves. They must have done something to make her ride like this."
"Hmm, you're right but I'm not complaining. This is great. So whatever they did is working just fine."
"Well, I'm going to go ask Captain Colby about ––"
"He said to call him John, Ollie."
"Oh yeah. I forgot. But I'm still going to go ask him about the hull and maybe see how the children are doing. I'll be right back."
Walking quietly lest he disturb the Princesses who, he surmised, would be sleeping after their long ordeal, Ollie went below deck to find Colby.
He peeked through the open door of the first cabin and saw the girls snuggled under warm blankets on bunk beds, alone. Then, he heard faint voices from the next cabin.
"Once each day." he heard someone say.
"Understood." replied a familiar voice.
Clambering back up the stairs as quietly as he could, Ollie hurried, running across the deck and back to the bridge. "George." he panted. "I think I just ––"
"Whoa Ollie, slow down! What happened?"
"I think I just heard Captain Colby talking to someone about once a day."
"Yeah, so? What's once a day mean?"
"I don't know ––" He sucked in a giant breath "–– but the girls are sleeping and I didn't want to wake them and I thought I'd better come tell you and I think ––"
George interrupted his partner's panic by patting his shoulder. "It sounds like nothing. Calm down and relax."
"It's just ––" Ollie began before putting a hand to his throat and breathing deeply for several seconds, "–– It's just that I feel like something is terribly wrong."
"Okay. Exactly what do you feel is terribly wrong Ollie?"
"I've been noticing things George.
“What things?”
“Things like, well, like these new gauges. How come the speedometer goes all the way up to a hundred knots huh?"
"Maybe it was the only one they could find that would go past thirty."
"Okay. Then how come we're doing thirty-five right now and the throttles are only at thirty-five percent and the engines are running at one-third power? Does that mean this boat can really move at a hundred knots?"
“Good question. But what difference does it make? Everything's working just like it's supposed to. Besides, there's a stop on the throttles. They won't go much past where they are now."
"Well then, how come ––"
"Oh stop it!" George blustered cutting him off. "You're just being paranoid. Maybe you should go below and get some sleep."
"Okay." sighed Ollie disappointingly, "Maybe you're right. But I'd still like to know what once a day means and who Captain Colby was talking to."
"When he comes back, ask him." George scanned the instruments, glanced at the clock and chuckled. "It won't be long now. We're almost there. Home sweet home where I can have a real dinner that I can finish eating!"
"Yeah. I guess."
"What...? You're not even hungry?"
"No George. I'm worried."
"Ha! You are just too much Ollie."
Five minutes later, they saw lights on the distant shore and soon they were slowing down to pull in to their cove. Spotlights lit up a huge crowd anxiously waiting for their return. George sounded the horn and slowed HMS Protector to a crawl before easing her sideways to the dock.
The Marines disembarked to escort Simms, Dr. Green and the Royals up the hill to an ambulance while the other two platoons that had been left on shore, kept the crowds back to clear their path.
Once George had shut everything down, he, Ollie and Colby walked down the gangway, along the dock and up the hill to meet Simms.
"How are the girls?" asked Ollie when they found him up by the road nervously wringing his hands.
"Oh my, oh my, they're seriously ill it seems. We don't know if they'll live and the doctor is meeting with the Queen to advise as we speak! Oh my, oh my, oh my. This is dreadful, just dreadful!"
Puzzled by this turn of events, the fishermen began rapidly firing questions. "Ill..? What kind of sickness? What happened? How did they ––"
But Colby interrupted the fishermen’s rapid interrogation. "George..., Ollie," he consoled, "the doctor will take care of it.”
“But, how did they get ––"
“There's nothing we can do Ollie. We got them home and they’re now in good hands. This has been a very long day. Perhaps it's time to have supper and go to bed. Yes?"
Although the fishermen were very concerned about the Princesses' welfare, they grudgingly conceded to let it go.
"Yeah. I guess you're right John. We brought them back. Now it's up to the doctor to take care of them. But ––"
"That's right George. We accomplished our mission. It’s up to the doctors now." 
Colby’s demeanor about their concerns seemed just a bit too calm for Ollie's taste.
George twisted his lips and cheeks back and forth for a moment thinking. "Oh all right. Let's go home and have something to eat."
"That's the spirit." Colby chuckled slapping George's shoulder. "Let the medical people do their job and we'll refuel our bodies in case we're needed again."
"Okay. Guess I could use a good night's sleep too. Are you coming with us John? I'm sure we have enough food for us all."
"Can we have green balls?" asked Ollie. "I like green balls and rice and fish."
"Waaaaat….?" questioned Colby. "What the heck are green balls...?"
"Brussels sprouts." said George. "Ollie calls them green balls for some strange reason."
"That's 'cause they look like little green balls George. And they taste really good with the rice. I'll get a nice fresh fish from the icehouse so we can all have green balls and rice and fish."
George closed his eyes and smiled. "You do that Ollie. John and I are going inside to get your green balls and rice started."
Ollie grinned and started to go to the icehouse. Then he stopped, turned around and asked, "Do you think the Princesses are going to be okay? Being sick is bad and Mr. Simms said the doctor said they might die and they're just little and ––"
George threw up his hands, shook his head and blustered, "Okay Ollie, that's enough! Go get the fish and we'll eat some green balls and then we'll get some sleep. We'll find out how the girls are in the morning."
"Okay George."

~*~
Appearances Can be Deceiving
~*~
Green balls, rice and lemon buttered fish was soon on the table and Colby, rapidly eating the delicious meal, paused for a moment and held up a Brussels sprout on the end of his fork. "This tastes wonderful boys. But I've never heard of these little cabbages being called green balls before."
"My partner has some strange descriptions for things." chuckled George. "But he's usually right."
"Well, I have to say he was certainly right about your cooking skills. This dinner is delicious. I'll have to remember to call these little things green balls from now on. Oh, and Ollie..., I like green balls now too."
Conversation soon turned to the fishing boat's surprisingly stellar performance with questions, answers and more fish, rice and green balls for the enjoyable repast. With the mission completed, nervous tension dissipated and the three men laughed and joked, finally relaxing after a long and very trying day.
Just as they were holding up their cups of hot chocolate to toast their success, a loud banging on the front door followed by a very familiar voice yelling, "Please let me in! This is most important!" interrupted their festivities. Ollie jumped up and pulled the door open to find Simms rocking from one foot to the other in a nervous tizzy.
"Hi Mr. Simms," he said, "Come on in. We were just having rice and ––"
"No, no, no.... No time to talk." he wheezed through heavy breaths as if he had just run a mile. "The Queen needs your services again. It's the Princesses. They are going to die unless you get them to the Rock Island hospital.... soon. Very soon!"
"Die...? Oh––my––gosh! I thought the doctor would be able to take care of ––"
"Yes, yes, yes, as did we all. But the doctor has diagnosed a fatal disease, fever and all, and there's only one place they can be treated so we have to get them there before they expire. Please hurry!"
Colby jumped up from his chair. "Ollie, George, let's get the ship ready to sail. Simms, you get the poor girls on board and we'll leave straightaway."
Simms flew back out the door. George tried to gulp a few more bites of rice and Ollie grabbed his coat and ran after Colby, yelling. "I'll top up the tanks and get her warmed up."
They moved like lightening taking only a scant few minutes before they were pulling away, this time, for a serious medical emergency. George was still amazed at the ease of control and agility of their rebuilt boat. He used the side thrusters to push HMS Protector from the dock and turn her toward the sea. With Ollie watching forward and Colby watching aft, George maneuvered her out to deeper water.
A bit left he judged, then a bit more speed. Whether high tide, low or anywhere in between, he knew every inch of the cove and quickly guided her out to deep water. He turned southward and increased speed to thirty knots. 
"John said we can go faster," mentioned Ollie as he and Colby moved in close flanking George at the controls. "And we have to get the Princesses to the hospital as soon as we can. So, can we go faster George?"
Colby added, "Ollie's right George so let's take the throttle stops up a bit." Then he pressed the stop-lock detents and moved them up to the half power setting. "We're in open water now so, go ahead George, nudge her up a bit. Let's see what she can do."
The fishermen looked at each other with a bit of trepidation as George slowly inched the throttles forward. Thirty-five, then forty and finally fifty knots, flying over the water and the ride was still as smooth as glass.
"This is unbelievable!" mumbled George. "How ––"
"She'll go a lot faster boys but I thought we'd better break her in easy. Don't want my new ship ––" He coughed and cleared his throat. "–– this new ship being pushed too hard till everything's checked out."
"Wow, faster than this...? No way!" exclaimed George incredulously.
Colby’s Freudian slip was completely undetected by George.
Ollie noticed Colby’s ‘my new ship’ slipup and mentally tucked it away. He spread a chart out on the table. "From here...," he began, trying to be nonchalant about the, my new ship statement, "... it's a straight line to Rock Island. But it's even farther away than the north islands. I hope we can get them there in time."
Colby looked at the chart, agreed that they were on the best heading and Ollie, indicating he was hungry, patted his stomach. "We didn't get a chance to really finish dinner and I'm still hungry. John, will you take the wheel while we go below and make some sandwiches?"
"Sure, I'd be happy to," agreed Colby with a much too confident expression of pride and satisfaction.
"Thanks John," grinned Ollie, "three sandwiches, coming right up."
"Oh, nothing for me boys. I'm not hungry. Guess I must have eaten more than either of you did."
"Okay. Come on George. Let's go make some peanut butter sandwiches."
When the fishermen walked away, Colby chuckled as he overheard George asking Ollie if they had any jelly on board for the sandwiches. Then, turning his attention to the entire compliment of gauges, he scanned each one and smiled, pleased that the equipment was exceeding expectations and everything was working as planned.
"You are my greatest achievement." he whispered lovingly rubbing his hands over the cluster panel. "And together, we will enjoy many more victories as we crush our enemies into oblivion."
Below deck in the privacy of the galley, Ollie put his hand to his mouth and whispered. "George, this is weird. I know there's something that's, just..." –– He looked around to ensure no one was listening –– "...something is just not right about this whole thing!"
"Okay." sighed George dubiously, shaking his head. "What it is this time. And why are you whispering?"
Ollie put a finger to his lips. "Shush, quiet George. The only people on board right now are the children, the doctor, Captain Colby, the Queen, two of her aides and us. Oh, and Simms too."
“So what? Who else should be here?”
“Why don't we have any Marines? They were still in the cove and could have jumped on board before the ambulance even arrived. They always travel with the Queen and the Princesses to protect them. So who ordered them to stay back and not come with us?"
George shrugged and then started to think. Ollie glared at him silently mouthing the Queen, the Queen! Suddenly he realized what Ollie was saying. "You mean the Queen herself is on our boat?"
"Quiet George. Shush.
"Oh –– Right –– Sorry." whispered George looking around to see if anyone heard his outburst. "You mean the Queen..., the actual Queen is here..., on board…, with us?"
"Yup. And so are her daughters. I think that's the entire Royal Family."
George put a hand up to his face and started thinking. A few seconds later he smiled and began laughing. "Wait a minute Ollie." he blurted out. "If the Queen was actually here there would be guards all over the place but there aren't any. You're just joking to play a trick on me. Ha, ha! Okay, I get it now."
"No George, no. This is for real!"
"Sure it is. Okay. You've had your fun. Now where's the bread and peanut butter?"
"No George, it's her, really, it is. And before we left I heard Dr. Green saying she should go incogneet-something so they wouldn't be recognized as the Royal Family or they'd have lots of crowds and questions. Said he knew all the people on Rock Island and it would be better if they sort of snuck in as commoners. That's like totally weird too huh. Don't you see what’s wrong with all those coincidences?"
"Well..., he is a doctor isn't he? He should know what to do. I guess that seems a little strange but they know what they're doing. We're just fishermen."
Ollie was starting to get frustrated with George's lack of agreement but he pressed on with more evidence.
"Then why did the girls become sick all of a sudden? They were cold when the Marines brought them back but otherwise ––" He suddenly stopped mid-sentence when he heard footsteps but it took only moments for them to disappear into silence. He continued whispering even more softly than before. "Anyway, they were fine, not sick and not injured. So, what made them sick all of a sudden?"
George shrugged again. "Don't know."
"And why was it so easy for the Marines to rescue the girls on that island? I thought the bad guys would have had lots of men up there but, only two? And they gave up, didn't even try to escape. Nobody does that when they think someone's going to grab them."
"Oh Ollie, you're living in a total fantasy world. Where would they escape to? Besides, nobody in their right mind would even try to fight those Marines. Let's just make a sandwich and relax while we deliver the girls to the hospital and then this will all be over."
This time, the usual, "Okay George," never came from Ollie's lips. Instead, he was grumbling, disappointed that his partner hadn't understood what he had just related. He made his sandwich and silently ate.
When they returned to the bridge, Colby suggested that George take the wheel. "I'm going to make some of that delicious hot chocolate." he said with a smile. "Just stay on course and we'll have the girls there in no time."
George took Colby's place at the controls, looked at the speedometer and gasped out loud. "It says ninety knots! Is this possible?"
Ollie's mouth went agape as he too looked at the gauges, then out the window and back at the speedometer. "Yeah George," he gulped, "I think so 'cause I've never ever seen waves go by this fast!
Although the strong headlights lit their path like daylight, the whitecaps were just a blur as they, almost literally, flew over them. HMS Protector was up on her stilts cutting through the water on submerged planes that held the entire hull above the surface and allowed her to scream over the waves without touching them. The propellers had retracted up into the hull and a steady powerful stream of water, sucked in the front and pumped out of jets in the rear of the submerged planes, pushed them to speeds they had never before experienced. Incredibly, it was still totally calm, much like riding on a smooth sheet of ice or glass.
Colby handed each of the mesmerized fishermen a cup of warm frothy chocolate. It was a little sweeter than normal but they were so engrossed in the ships performance, they didn't even notice and instinctively sipped and ooooo'd and ahhhh'd while scanning the gauges over and over trying to believe that what they were witnessing was actually happening.
"This is unbelievable!" babbled George.
"Totally!" added Ollie.
"Impressed...?" queried Colby. "We've been working on this technology for a very long time and we needed just the right kind of boat to put it on. Yours was the perfect choice and, as it turned out, you two were the perfect dupes."
Ollie shot a questioning look at Colby. "Dupes?"
"Um, yeah, I guess that's the right word. How's the hot chocolate..., good huh?"
The fishermen were incensed at being called dupes and started to protest but the world began to blur. Ollie leaned against a rail and mumbled. "I'm dizzy." George put a hand up to his face and stumbled. "Yeah, me too." Then they both slumped to the floor, unconscious.
Colby grinned, took a sip of his untainted hot chocolate and looked down at the fishermen. "Yup. Dupes. That's the right word. Okay. Time to change course. Ha! Rock Island Hospital." he mumbled sarcastically while turning the ship's wheel, "I wonder if there is such a place." He looked down at the fishermen and sighed. "Oh George and Ollie, so trusting, so naïve and so completely ignorant. Hmm, maybe I'll let you live for a while."

~*~

Simms’s Plan
~*~
Ollie let out a long wheezing grunt, rubbed his eyes and sat up. "Whew." he breathed when his surroundings came into focus. "Where are we? What happened?" He saw his partner lying on the cold stone floor a few feet away. "George." he whispered moving close and shaking him. "George. Wake up." It took a bit of coaxing before George finally opened his eyes. 
"Oh, um, hi Ollie," he mumbled. "What time is it?" He sat up and grabbed his neck. "Ouch! My head hurts."
"Yeah, mine too. Can you stand up?"
"I think so. Whoa!" he muttered failing his first attempt and settling back to the floor. "I'm dizzy. What happened, where are we?"
"I think it was the hot chocolate on our boat. Colby drugged us and locked us up."
George slowly stood up wincing from the dull pounding in his head. He looked around at the dim, dank room that held them captive. "Colby? You mean our Captain Colby…, John Colby, our friend?"
"I think so George. We were ––"
The sound of a metal lock being turned interrupted them. They froze, waiting. Iron hinges squealed out a rusty noise as the heavy door swung open revealing Colby looking very pleased and smiling from ear to ear.
"Did I hear my name mentioned boys?"
"John," moaned George, trying to fight off his mental haze. "What happened? Where are we?"
"You, my fine fishermen, are on an island, my island. And now that I finally have my ship, the entire Queen's Navy will soon become my navy."
"Your ship, and your Navy? What are you talking about?" Then he saw them. Three men standing just behind their captor, two strangers and Simms. He squinted, looking directly at the Royal Courier, unable to believe what was happening. "Simms!" he blustered. "You sneaky weasel. You're on his side!"
"I think he's starting to figure this out men." Simms and the others smiled.
"And who are those two, body guards?"
"Oh George, you are so unobservant. Don't you recognize the Queen's aides?"
"The Queen's…? Oh. Right. Is she okay? Are her daughters okay?"
"They're right next door George. And yes, they're just fine. Well, for now anyway. We have plans for them and for you two as well. But all you need to know is that the Queen is out, gone, finished and we are taking over!"
The fishermen's eyes widened and their mouths went agape in astonishment at this surprising turn of events. They couldn't believe what was happening. But there it was, a coup. And they were caught in the middle of it.
"Oh, don't look so surprised boys. You couldn't have possibly known. You see, I should have been a general by now, commander of the entire military. And I would have, had it not been for that bleeding heart woman taking over the throne. She has no concept of military strength. Did you know that every single naval vessel is no more than a cargo or passenger ship without armament or firepower of any kind?"
"What's wrong with that?" asked Ollie trying to buy some time as he looked past his captors memorizing every visible detail through the open doorway.
"Oh stop it Ollie," blustered Colby. "That's no way to run a navy. Look at what she did to me, running a stupid paddle-wheeler round and round a stupid lake taking stupid commoners to see the same stupid rocks and trees day after day. I am a warrior and that woman has reduced me to a simple ferry driver. But," he added with an evil smile. "That will all change when I become king."
George and Ollie sat down on the stone bench in their cell looking quite despondent.
"Oh come now. Don't look so glum. I have need of a mapmaker and someone with knowledge of the northern waters. You can either work with me or I'll just leave you here to starve until you either change your minds or die of thirst. Think about it. A warm fire, good food and a chance to be part of my navy. Otherwise, this room will be the last place you'll ever see. Pretty cold in here isn't it boys."
He started to leave but Ollie called out, "Wait!"
He stopped, spun around and grinned. "Ah, made your decision already have you?"
"Why did you need our boat; couldn't you have just taken one from the navy? And why all the kidnapping and making believe you were our friend?"
Pride quickly glistened over Colby's face. He viewed his plan as a stroke of genius, one that his ego demanded he relate. "So, you want to know more?" he asked obviously hoping they would say yes. And without waiting for an answer, he let out a haughty laugh and sat next to the two captives as if he were a friend relating a tale of victory under the most difficult conditions. Self-pride was clearly evident and Ollie, paying attention to every detail of their situation, listened intently.
"That arrogant woman has turned the entire fleet into mere cargo vessels and I needed a ship we could turn into a viper, fast, agile and able to sink any other ship on the sea. Yours had the proper hull but I had neither the manpower nor the money to make the conversions so a ruse was in order. And, I must say, you both played it very well. You even saved us a lot of time and effort to make you believe we were your friends by taking that tour on my paddle wheeler at the perfect time. Ha! Hot cross buns anyone?"
"What's a ruse?" asked George with a puzzled expression. "Is that some kind of ––"
"Ah yes, the ruse, the brilliant ruse. The Queen's daughters and the kidnapping. They were never in any danger. But believing they were made all those people supply the equipment I needed and voluntarily work hard and fast to convert your ship for the rescue."
He waited a moment for his words to sink in, chuckled, and continued with his tale of betrayal.
"Oh yes, I almost forgot to mention. The sickness, also my idea. I had the doctor give them medicine that would make them appear to be sick, fever and all. And then tell the Queen they would die unless we got them to some imaginary healer in time. And she swallowed it hook, line and sinker."
"So, what happens next?"
"Oh George, can't you see it? She'll appoint me as the supreme military leader of the entire kingdom. When everyone gets used to that idea, she'll abdicate her throne to guess who? Me! It's a natural succession of power when a Monarch cannot continue. And, if ––"
"What if she refuses to do that John?"
"Oooo George-e, George-e, George-e, it's not polite to interrupt your soon to be King. But I'll be generous and answer your silly question. She won't refuse. I have her children and she'll do anything to protect them. Or have you forgotten that little detail?"
"He's right." said Ollie. "So, then what Mr. King? What happens next? I'm curious."
"Now, you hear that George? Ollie's got the right attitude. Of course I'll have to teach him, both of you in fact, the proper way to address me. Mr. King, ha, that's a good one! Proper protocol however, will all come later."
The fishermen looked at each other and subtly rolled their eyes at Colby's vision of tyrannical grandeur.
"Anyway, oh, and boys, you'll absolutely love this part. With me as the new military leader and the Queen grieving over the illness of her two daughters, I'll have to take over all of her duties. Of course, I'll have to mount a search for a cure to save the Princesses but you know how sickness can be. Sometimes one gets better and sometimes one dies. Maybe, after I have everything in place, she'll contract the disease from her children and die herself. Then we can have a nice royal funeral with all kinds of ceremonies to send them off and welcome in the new Monarch. Me. Brilliant don't you think?"
Ollie glared at him. "You wouldn't ––"
"Yes Ollie, I would! But truthfully, I really haven't decided yet. Although, I do so like to organize parties. Depends on whether she submits completely to my wishes or not. Either way, dead or alive, she'll make me the hero and I will become king."
"That's plain evil," mumbled George.
"No George. It's just plain business. Nothing personal. Well, except for that woman anyway. God I hate her. And so do many others. Even Mr. Simms here has had to put up with her blasted attitude, for years."
Ollie posed a question hoping to find some weakness in Colby's plan. "So, how can you become king if you're not part of the Royal Family?"
"I knew you were smarter than George gave you credit for Ollie. Good question. If those three females are gone forever then the military leader takes over. Or maybe I'll take her as my wife. Haven't decided yet. Ha, maybe I'll take all three as my wives! Either way, I win. And now, no one can stop me!"
"Oh." mumbled Ollie thinking the situation seemed quite hopeless.
"Well now," said Colby slapping his hands on his knees and standing up. "You boys think it over and I'll come back sometime later for your decision. You're either with me or you're dead. Easy decision I think."
With that, he and the others walked out, slammed the heavy door shut and locked it. The fishermen sat silent for a moment before discussing Colby's offer. Neither of them wanted to accept, nor did they want to die of thirst or starvation. They debated their plight for hours until the clanking of a lock stopped their words in mid-sentence.
The door opened and Simms peeked in whispering as loud as he dared. "Sirs, sirs, come, come, please hurry. We have to free the Royals and escape from this dreadful place!"
For a moment George just stared at him. "Simms, are you helping us now?"
"Yeah George, looks like he's on our side. Come on. Let's go help free the Royals!"
They ran out the door, down the hall to the next cell, unlocked it and ran inside. Simms quickly explained that he made Colby think he was loyal to him and that he had done egregious things to accomplish it. He dropped to his knees before the Queen and pleaded. "Your Majesty, I have broken protocol by reading an official message bearing your seal, several in fact. But they were, in truth, forged by Captain John Colby. That's how I learned of his plot. I beg for mercy and your forgiveness my Queen and ––"
"Oh, for heaven's sake!" blustered George. "Get off your knees and let's get everyone out of here before someone comes back and locks us all up again!"
"Oh... Yes, yes, yes... of course! If you would please follow us Ma’am, Highnesses. We should leave immediately."
Once out of the cell, Simms quietly closed the door, locked it and headed toward the fishermen's cell to do the same. "Hurry up Simms," whispered George, "Why are you wasting time locking empty cells?
"So if a guard comes by to check, the doors will be locked and he will think you are all still inside."
"Oh," muttered George; embarrassed that he hadn't thought of it, "Right –– Got it."
Simms led them down a long hallway, through a door, down a flight of stairs, out to the rear of the building and stopped.
"Ma’am," he whispered, "Highnesses and Sirs, please stay here until I have crossed the grass to that tree-line. If the coast is clear, I'll wave and you should run as quickly as you can straight to me."
"You'll be alone. What if they see you?"
"Your safety is paramount Ma'am, not mine. Besides, they still think I'm on their side. If that should that happen, I might be able to talk my way out of it."
"Yeah." chuckled George nudging Ollie with an elbow. "He sure can talk a lot."
"Shush," admonished Ollie in a loud whisper. "He's on our side!"
"Oh. And how do you know this is not another one of those ruse things? Maybe he doesn't want to be near us when the bad guys start shooting. We could just be targets for those guys so they can practice."
Ollie put his hands on his hips and glared at his friend. "Do you think we really have another choice?"
George looked out across the long grassy field and sighed. "Guess not."
George was nervous. Ollie was calmly focused and the Queen held her daughters hands. Just as instructed, they waited and watched Simms stroll nonchalantly across the field as if he were out for a casual walk.
To them it seemed to take forever before he reached the forest. But, once there, he turned around and looked around scanning for any sight of their captors.
"He's there." said George. "Let's go."
"Not yet," ordered the Queen. "We'll follow his instructions as given. Patience my fine fisherman friend. Have patience."
Having never before even seen a Royal, George was taken off guard by the Queen words. And to have the Queen speak directly to him? Well, that was a bit intimidating. With a feeble bow he quietly mumbled, “Yes Ma'am."
Ollie covered his mouth and turned his head to hide his chuckling at George's change of demeanor but then he saw Simms frantically waving for them to run. And run they did.
The fishermen went first, followed by The Queen tightly gripping her daughters' hands. They scurried across the open field toward a tall unkempt hedge along the path Simms had just walked.
For the first few seconds they moved in formation. Then the children began to struggle. Young legs covering less ground in each step and further slowed by the aftereffects of a drug induced sickness made it impossible for them to keep up such a furious pace. One tripped and fell. The other pulled back to help her but Caryn's grip was too great and she too tumbled to the ground.
"Mommy!" they screamed. "Wait!"
The Queen skittered to a stop and spun around so quickly, her feet slipped on the wet grass and she went down on one knee. George was the first to reverse direction with Ollie one step behind. They ran back passing Caryn and scooping the Princesses up in their arms to carry them the rest of the way to the forest.
"Whew," breathed George when they finally stopped behind some thick pine trees. "We made it."
"Only into the trees," wheezed Ollie bending over with his hands on his knees. "We're still on an island." After several deep breaths, he straightened up and looked around. "Okay Mr. Simms, what's next?"
"When you are all ready, please follow me. In my earlier wanderings I found a spot where we can stay hidden and still observe the movements of these traitors. This way please."
Simms led them quietly through the woods toward the shoreline stopping on a heavily wooded hill next to a fresh water stream. "We can rest here for a bit before going up that knoll," he said pointing ahead. "And this water is clean and quite drinkable. So, for now, we should wait and try to stay warm."
"What are we waiting for?
"Our chance to escape George"
"Oh. Right. And that would be when?"
"Don't know George. We have to wait."
"And exactly how are we ––"
Ollie saw that his friend's interrogation was going nowhere and decided to change the subject. "Are there any other people on this island," he asked abruptly, "You know, like people who live here?"
"Just Colby and his men." replied Simms calmly, thankful for Ollie's well timed question. "He has a small crew fitting your boat with weapons and I heard them talking about celebrating later."
With a disgusted, or perhaps more of a despondent expression, George began muttering. "Great! An island in the middle of nowhere. Nobody here but bad guys. No way to get home. And I am freezing. What else could possibly go wrong?"
Simms, satisfied he had done all he could at the moment, sat down next to George to try to allay his fear.
"When they celebrate later," he said in a soothingly calm tone, "they will all be drinking. Will probably get drunk I suspect, and will not be paying attention to us. It will be then we can steal the boat."
George's eyes opened wide. "Steal the boat? Steal the boat you say?" Then he smiled. "Yes! Our boat. Um..., Right. Good idea. But won't they have guards?"
"Doubtful George. Only them and us on this island and they think we're all locked away. Of course, we'll have to be careful. If we're discovered, there are only three of us to fight and ––"
"I beg your pardon Mr. Simms! We are four who can fight. Not three!"
"Oh. Yes, of course Ma'am. But I would never knowingly put you in a position where you would have to ––"
And again, the Queen cut Simms’s words short.
"Mr. Simms, I was not always a queen and I've had my fair share of battles. Some not unlike this one. So please include me in your conversations about our escape from this dreadful place. Now, what is your plan?"
"Yes. Yes, of course Ma'am. Well..., when they begin their celebration we shall wait until they are fully occupied with their levity and drink. Then, we'll sneak to the boat, climb on board and, before they notice us, we'll be pulling away leaving them stranded in our place. We'll have to be very quiet on our approach to the dock as they have firearms and ––"
"So, what you're saying," interjected the Queen, "is that we should wait until they are falling down drunk. Then run like banshees for the boat, steal it back and sail away. Is that a reasonably correct assumption?"
"Um, yes Ma’am. I suppose you could put it that way."
"I see. Very well then. And have you discussed this plan with the rightful owners of the vessel we will be stealing?"
"No Ma'am. There was no time but it was the best plan I could conjure up."
“George, what is your opinion of Mr. Simms’s plan?"
"It's okay I guess."
"And you Ollie, do you believe this is doable and survivable?"
Ollie appeared to be mentally calculating every possible option while mouthing silently to himself a yes…, an umm…, and a no. Finally he sighed and looked at the Queen.
"Well, considering the number of armed men they have, the fact that we're on a small island and the only boat here is ours, I think it's the only plan that makes sense. Ma'am."
The Queen turned away to hide the smile on her face and then faced Simms.
"I believe your plan is a good one and well thought out. Mr. Simms."
Then, with a giggle she could no longer hold back, she added, "And…, it's the only one we have. So…, your plan it is Mr. Simms. Good show! Very good show…, I hope."
~*~
Run or Die
~*~
It was late afternoon when they heard one of Colby’s men shout, "It's time. Gather the men and make a fire."
"That's our cue." whispered Simms. "Let's get to our positions."
Simms went to a knoll where he could see the boat and the path to the buildings. George and Ollie climbed up on a crest just above the Royals where they could see the bonfire and the men gathering around it.
It was just as Simms had predicted. The rebels celebrated their perceived victory with drinking and whooping, oblivious to anything except enjoying their fun.
Good, thought Simms when he saw Colby's guards run from the dock up the path to join the other traitors. They've finally started. He focused on the ship looking for any movement and saw none. Excellent. The fools have left HMS Protector totally unguarded!
Simms remained on the knoll watching the path and dock area while the fishermen, hidden by the wet foliage, observed the men grow into a mob of drunken sailors bent on enjoying their hard earned victory.
Hours passed, afternoon turned into dusk and night settled in while the victims of Colby's coup waited, shivering and huddled together trying to stay warm. How would this day end they all wondered.
A damp night chill flowed in from the water's edge but the insurgents merely threw more wood on the fire and continued their merrymaking. Little did they know what was about to happen.
Finally, one by one, the men stumbled from the fire into a building and presumably, to bed. One by one, two by two, they all followed suit. All, that is, except for one very large man who headed to the building in which they had been prisoners. When Ollie saw that, his worries went into overdrive. Oh no! Will he open the doors or just check if they’re still locked?
The man walked in, ducking to fit through the outside doorway. Ollie held his breath. Seconds ticked by. He squinted, focused, hoped. Seconds later, a shadow appeared. Was it the same large man who had just went in?
The dark figure stepped outside, straightened up, closed the entrance door and fumbled with some keys. He appeared to be having trouble finding the right one and even more trouble in standing without wobbling. After dropping the key-ring twice, he shoved it back into his pocket and stumbled back without having locked or unlocked anything.
Ollie saw him disappear into a building and breathed a sigh of relief when no one else came out to check on the prisoners. 
Simms was right, he thought. Closing and locking those cell doors on our way out probably just saved our lives.
He slipped down the hill, over to George and tapped his shoulder motioning for him to follow. "Let's get the Royal Family and meet up with Simms," he whispered almost silently mouthing each word.
George nodded and they crept down to the hiding spot. "Your Majesty," whispered Ollie, "we're all going up that knoll. Please follow George and me quietly."
The Queen and her daughters broke their tight huddle, ready to move and obviously quite anxious to get away from Colby's threatened actions. Walking ever so slowly, the five nervous prisoners crept through the trees to assemble with the Royal Courier who, it appeared, was turning out to be much more than a mere irritating pawn of the court.
"Mr. Simms, I think it's time," whispered Ollie as he knelt down beside him on the knoll. "They've all gone inside to sleep I think."
"The guards have all left the boat and the path is clear as well. How did they appear from your vantage point?"
Ollie snickered. "Very, very, very drunk!"
"Very well," Simms replied. "Then it's time for us to take back your ship."
"Good," breathed George. "I'm almost completely frozen!"
They made their way slowly, carefully and quietly through the trees and over slippery rocks toward the dock.
Darkness made it difficult to see where to place one's feet but it also hid their movements from the rebels and minutes later they reached the dock.
"Ollie, you go on board," whispered George. "I'll see to the lines. Get her ready but don't start her up yet." Then he turned to Simms who was shaking uncontrollably. "You stay with the Royals and follow Ollie on board when he says it's clear. Got it?"
Simms nodded but he was shivering so much, one couldn't tell if he meant a yes or a no.
The Queen leaned close and whispered, "You'll be fine Mr. Simms. Don't worry. We'll all be fine." He nodded and breathed out a soft, "Yes Ma'am."
Minutes later, they were all on board, the lines were free and Ollie was heading below deck. "George," he whispered before leaving the bridge, "I've set the controls so that, as soon as the engines start, we'll be in reverse and we'll start moving away from the dock right off."
As he started to leave, George chuckled. "You know what Ollie? I've got the smartest partner in the world!"
They both grinned and Ollie headed below deck to open the fuel shutoff valves and prime the engines. He knew that diesels needed to warm up a bit before producing full power. If he could put enough space between them and the dock before they were discovered, the icy water might prevent the rebels from swimming out far enough to catch them.
Moments later, he was back on the bridge. "I've turned off the running lights but when we start her up, the instrument lights will come on. Are you ready?"
George took a deep breath and said, "Okay. Let's do it my friend!"
Ollie flipped a few switches, turned a dial and then pressed two buttons simultaneously. The sound of starter motors cranking diesel engines echoed up from below followed by the soft whine of diesel power as both engines fired up and started running. The ship's movement away from the dock was immediate but excruciatingly slow and the windows in the bridge lit up when a set of automatic emergency lights came on.
"Ollie, I thought you turned the lights off, if they look this way they'll see us!"
"I did George. I don't know what ––"
"They're battery powered lights, for emergencies, has to be. Quick, turn them off!"
When Ollie ran to the closest one, he saw more of them out the window. "George, they're all over the ship. We're lit up like a Christmas tree. I can't get them all!"
"Holy blistering barnacles...! Okay, faster –– have to go faster –– more power –– move throttles, slowly...!"
"Easy George, the engines are still really cold. Too much throttle might stall them."
Right. Just a touch more... Have to watch the power gauges. How far can I go on the throttles Ollie?"
"Stop right there. We're moving a little faster now."
"But it's still too slow. Have to go faster!"
"No, not yet," advised Ollie nervously, "The engine temperatures are coming up but it'll take another minute before we can get more power. Just wait and watch the gauges. I have to go kill all those lights."
George nodded and Ollie ran from the bridge, out to the deck circling the boat from bow to stern shutting off the emergency lights as he went. I hope no one saw those lights he thought when he stopped amid-ship to take a few deep breaths. Then he looked up and gasped. The bridge windows, dimly lit from the instrument lights, were clearly visible in the otherwise pitch black night and he knew that glow would mark their position to anyone on shore. With his last bit of breath, he ran up to the bridge where George was nervously waiting with one hand on the throttles and the other on the wheel.
"George..." he called out as he stumbled toward him, "t-the... temp –– Whew."
"Good job Ollie," said George without turning around. "Can we dim these instrument lights? We're kind of like sitting ducks with the bridge lit up like this."
"I, I don't know how to do that." wheezed Ollie holding his sides. He looked at the gauges and took several deep breaths. "The engines are a little warmer. Whew. You can give her a little more throttle."
George pushed his right hand forward slightly and HMS Protector responded. Distance from the dock was now widening slightly faster but they were only two or three yards out when they heard gunshots.
"Captain, they're stealing the ship!" yelled a man somewhere near the dark buildings. "They're getting away!" yelled another. Men started running out of their makeshift barracks to the open area where dim light from the still burning bonfire created dancing silhouettes of a small army pulling on coats and picking up rifles.
George pushed the throttles forward a tiny bit more but, running backwards on low power was still a very slow process.
"More throttle!" yelled Ollie pressing several buttons on the panel to engage the bow thrusters. "We need more power!"
He aimed the underwater jets forward increasing their reverse speed and causing small waves to slam against the transom. George heard the slapping sounds and spun around to look out the rear hatch.
"Ollie," he cautioned, "the stern... we might start taking on water over the ––"
"It's okay George. It's okay." He reached over and pushed the throttles to an even higher setting, "The temp is up enough now. I'm going to start turning her around."
 "But Ollie ––"
He diverted the thruster flow from starboard to port turning the ship like a top and pushing the bow away from the dock. That maneuver had widened the distance enough to cause the insurgents, trying to jump from the dock to the boat, to fall short right into the icy water.
They quickly changed the propellers to forward, set a right rudder and breathed a split-second sigh of relief until gunshots sent them back into adrenalin overdrive.
"More power!" yelled Ollie and they both reached for the throttles at the same time.
"How much?" asked George. Ollie just pushed and hoped it was enough.
The engines answered with nearly instant power creating a wake so strong it swamped those in the water and pushed them backwards toward the dock. The ship was still turning and finally moving away faster than any man could possibly swim. Then gunshots from shoreline sent bullets screaming through the darkness, punching holes in the bridge walls and shattering one of the side windows.
"George," yelled Ollie as he dropped to the floor, "get down! We're turned toward the deep water now. Let her go and get down here!"
George yelled, "Ouch!" and practically fell to the floor. "My foot," he said, "something hurts."
Ollie twisted around and grabbed his friend's foot. "It's okay George. A bullet hit the heel of your boot but it didn't go through into your foot."
"Wow! That hurt, felt like a huge bee sting for a second but my foot moves okay."
Ollie pulled out his pocketknife and dug the bullet out. "Looks like it ricocheted off something before it hit you." He held it up so George could look at it. "See the flat side? Most of its energy was spent before it hit your boot. You were lucky George."
Sixty seconds later, HMS Protector was safely out of range, the gunfire stopped and George stood back up shaking his foot. "Come on," he said reaching down with his hand, "let's get these people home."
"Okay George." When Ollie tried to stand, he stopped on one knee and held his side.
"Are you okay Ollie?"
"Yeah...," he said winching from pain, "I'm okay." He let out a long breath and stood up. "I thought they were going to catch us. That was really scary."
"It sure was. But we made it. Now we have to get these people home. Are the thruster things set so we can cruise now?"
Ollie scanned the gauges, pressed a few buttons and said, "There. Good to go."
"Thanks. Man-oh-man I'm glad we're off that island and on our way home."
"Me too. I'm going to go check on our passengers and let them know we're on our way back home."
George grinned and, as they gave each other a 'high-five' hand slap, imitated his friend with, "Okay Ollie."
On his way down to see the Royals, Ollie stopped on the deck clutching his side. "Whoa, that really hurts," he muttered under his breath. He looked down and noticed a small tear in his thick jacket. 'Nuts," he said poking at it. He straightened up, took a deep breath and continued below deck thinking, have to let them know we're safe now. They'll be scared. Can't leave them in suspense.
Instead of the traditional knocking and waiting for a response from the cabin occupants, he just opened the door and walked in to a completely dark room where a very nervous Simms was threatening to attack, screaming. "M–My d-duty is to protect the Royal Family and I shall do that even if it means my death!"
"Whoa," yelled Ollie reaching over to turn on the lights, "It's just me. It's okay!" 
Simms, standing not more than a yard ahead with his eyes tightly shut, was holding his empty coffee cup weapon high in the air and shaking in his boots.
"It's just me Mr. Simms. Ollie. Open your eyes. We made it! We're safe now!"
Simms slowly opened one eye and then the other. "We're safe now?" he murmured.
"Yes. Safe. We're on our way home and all those bad guys are still on the island. They can't get us now."
"Oh." Simms moaned still standing in his attack posture. "Oh. Yes. Well. It's you Ollie. Ah-hmm. We're safe you say?"
"Yes. We are. Why is there a blanket hanging across the middle of the room?"
"Blanket? Oh, that. Yes, yes, yes, the blanket. It's there to prevent the Queen and the Princesses from having to witness the bloodshed if you had been ––" He gulped. "I mean, if you had turned out to be one of those traitors."
Ollie laughed and gently took the coffee cup from Simms’s hand, still high in the air ready to strike. "You were going to fight to the death with a coffee cup?"
"It was the only thing I could find so I improvised. Why do you ask? Don't you think I could have done it?"
Ollie looked at the cup and grinned. "I don't know Mr. Simms. But I'll bet that you..., ah-hmm, well…." Then he turned toward the blanket and raised his voice. "Who hiding behind that blanket would like to have some warm creamy hot chocolate."
The Princesses pushed the blanket aside and peered out. "Did someone say hot chocolate? We love hot chocolate! May we have some please? We're really cold."
"Of course you can," replied Ollie with his signature grin. "I'll make enough for us all."
Simms instantly spun around and bowed. "Your Majesty and Your Highness, I have just been informed by Mr. Kuhn here that we are now safely on our way home and, since the danger has passed, the blanket is no longer needed. Further, Mr. Kuhn has graciously offered to bring us a hot chocolate beverage for your enjoyment. Will that be satisfactory my Queen and my Princesses?"
The girls just replied with a giggle and a yes but the Queen had a bit more to say.
"Mr. Kuhn, thank you for everything you've done. And yes, I would love a hot chocolate. And you Mr. Simms, were willing to fight to protect us, even to the death if it came to that. And with only a coffee cup no less. That, Mr. Simms, was very brave indeed and we all thank you."
Simms bowed and turned back toward Ollie. "Mr. Kuhn, you may now go and prepare a hot chocolate beverage for the Royal Family."
The Queen burst out laughing.
"Oh for Pete's sake Simms. Stop being so formal. And Ollie, I know you have a ship to run so we shall wait until you have time. Besides, I'm sure Mr. Simms will want to tell me all about the messages he secretly read and who else might be involved in Colby's plot so there's no hurry on the hot chocolate."
"Yes, Ma'am, um, I mean Your Majesty. George has the bridge and we're on a straight heading so I have time. I'll go make it now."
"That's very kind of you Ollie. Thank you." She looked down at her children and pulled them closer. "It won't be long now girls." The girls giggled and said, "Thank you Ollie."
He smiled and bent down to reply but the pain in his side made him wince for a second. "You are both very welcome," he said with a slight groan.
"Now Mr. Simms," said the Queen after Ollie disappeared through the door, "do tell us about your breach of protocol and why you waited until we were in that terrible place to say anything."
Simms’s face turned a little red as he began his story. 
"Yes Ma'am. During all the chaos, Mayor Miller gave me a confidential message to be delivered directly to Captain Colby at your castle. I had not been informed by you of such a delivery but I accepted it thinking I could inform you of the matter before releasing it to the Captain. Unfortunately, when I reached the castle, you were not there so I had to make a decision. As the envelope bore no Royal Stamp and it was extremely unusual that the Captain was not in Magic Town and further, even more unusual for a Royal Courier to be delivering a confidential message from one commoner to another, I read it. A breach for which I am eternally sorry Ma’am."
"Well..., go on...." she urged pushing him further, "What did it say?"
"Yes Ma'am. Of course. That message asked if everything was ready and that he, the Mayor, had already started on his ship. His - meaning Captain Colby's ship. This seemed odd since the ship being readied belonged to George and Ollie but I said nothing at that time so I could learn more."
"Interesting, and did you learn more?"
"Oh yes. Upon receiving that message, the Captain hastily wrote one back to the Mayor. It said that the queen's substitute aides were in place and the men were already working on the weapons. It also said Green has been approved."
"Green...? As in Dr. Horace Green?"
"Yes. One and the same. I didn't know at the time but something sinister seemed afoot so I continued to read their messages."
"And what of my messages, did you read those as well?"
"Oh no my Queen, I read none of yours."
"I see. Go on."
"Yes Ma'am. It appeared that several people were involved in some sort of scheme against you, so I made a few comments to make it seem I was also against you as our monarch. It worked and the Captain took me into his confidence when we were on this ship being spirited away to that terrible island.
It was later on the island from which we just escaped when the Captain was gloating that I learned the rest of his plan."
"Well Mr. Simms...," the Queen began looking quite overwhelmed, "it seems that your work as a spy has saved the day. What did these traitors expect to gain, do you know?"
"Some of them, yes. Mayor Miller wishes to be governor and Dr. Green wishes to be the royal physician and the Captain wishes to be king. There are others, such as the aides and the other men on that island, but I have no information on them. Presumably they have either been promised something or coerced into submission."
Caryn, looking totally overwhelmed. "Well Mr. Simms, that's quite a story indeed. It looks like we have others to worry about as well." She hesitated for a moment before asking, pensively, "Have I been doing such a poor job as Monarch that the people hate me so?"
Simms eyes opened wide as he empathically replied, "Oh, no, no, no Ma'am! The people love you, they love what you've done and the life we now have. You've given us freedom and that, I think, is what a small few are against. They want power and control without regard for the common people. No, no, no Ma'am, you have not done a poor job at all!"
Just then, Ollie returned with the hot chocolate. "Here we are," he said grinning. "This should warm up everyone's tummy."
"Oh yum!" exclaimed the Queen.
"Wow! Thank you Ollie," said the Princesses. They drank and spoke and smiled and joked until Ollie asked to be excused.
"Of course," said Caryn. "I'm sure you have things to ––" Then she noticed the lack of color in the fisherman's usually rosy complexion. "Wait! Are you feeling okay?"
"Yes Ma'am. It's just a pain in my side."
"Then come over here and let me take a look. Your jacket is ripped and you look like you need to lie down."
"I'm okay Ma'am. I just need to ––"
Suddenly his face went white and he slumped to the floor with a thud.
"Oh my," began Simms quickly bending over to help. “Mr. Kuhn, Mr. –– Ollie, Ollie! What happened to you?"
"I'm just a little ––"
"Let me see Simms," ordered Caryn jumping down to help. "Open his jacket. That's more than just a little pain."
"Yes Ma'am. But you are a Queen not a doctor."
She glared at the Courier and ripped Ollie's jacket open. Its lining and his shirt were soaked with blood. She gasped and pulled his shirt open. More blood was running down his side.
"That's a bullet hole. Ollie, you've been shot! Why didn't you say anything?"
"I –– didn't want to be –– rude Ma'am. And I –– thought ––"
"He just went unconscious. Simms, help me roll him over so I can see if there's an exit wound."
Then she noticed her children leaning over them watching with their hands over their open mouths moaning, "Oh nooooo...."
"Girls," she ordered, "get me some clean water and rags. Simms, is there a first aid kit on board?"
"I don't know Ma'am."
Well go up to the bridge and tell George what has happened and ask. And tell him to get us back to the mainland as fast as he can. This man has lost a lot of blood and needs professional treatment!"
"I - Yes - Well ––"
"Don't just stand there stuttering Simms. Move it, now!"
"Yes Ma'am."
George was gazing out the windshield humming when Simms entered the bridge. Without turning around, he said, "Did they like the chocolate Ollie?"
"George, it's me Simms! Ollie is hurt, dying!"
"What," questioned George snapping around, "What do you mean, dying? He was fine when ––"
"He's been shot. And he's bleeding badly. A first aid kit, is there one?"
George pressed a button on the control panel and ran to a cupboard. "Where is he?" he asked grabbing a white case marked with a red cross. Simms, once again, began to stutter. "Where?" screamed George.
"Cabin one. The B –– Big one."
George grabbed Simms and forcibly walked him to the control panel. "Simms, you've got a job to do. Stop shaking and listen."
He seemed to calm down a little and replied with a soft, "Okay George."
"You ––" And then it struck George what Simms had said. But he had no time to dwell on it. "You watch this screen and if anything appears on it, you pull these handles back all the way. Got it?"
"Yes Mr. Collins but I'm not a ––"
"I don't care what you think you are. Right now, you have to be the Captain of this boat. Watch the screen and if anything appears on it, anything at all, pull these two handles back to here. Understood?"
"Yes Sir. I think so."
George ran as fast as he could down to cabin one. Ollie was on the floor, the Queen was pressing on his side and the children were still moaning, "Oh no..."
"We have to stop the bleeding," she said. "What's in that kit?"
George was white with fear and now it was he who began shaking. When he opened the case, the Queen rummaged through the bandages and antiseptic and said, "We need more than this."
"What do we need," asked George shaking off his anxiety and focusing on the task at hand.
"George, there's no exit wound. That means the bullet is still inside. And he's bleeding internally."
"Is he going to die? He can't! He's my friend, just like a brother or son. He's all I've got! We can't let him ––"
"Okay, shush, George, shush. I'm not a doctor but if we don't do something right now, he will die."
"What then, what do we do?"
"Is there another medical kit on board perhaps one marked surgical? I need forceps a scalpel and sutures. And if you can't find those, get me some needle nosed pliers, a sharp thin knife and a needle and thread."
"Yes Ma'am."
Caryn looked down and began stroking Ollie's face with her free hand.
"Don't worry my fine young lad. We're going to get you home. Just stay with us. Stay with me Ollie. I know you can hear me. And I know George needs you. Together, you and he have a lot more fish to catch and you have many more adventures to experience.
You can't leave us now. Stay with me Ollie Kuhn. Don't give up."
The Princesses didn't really know Ollie but what they did know brought tears to their eyes as they watched this man who cared enough to put himself in harm's way for their benefit, slowly dying. Caryn noticed their wet cheeks, remembered George's reaction and nearly started crying herself. But she could not. She was his only hope and had to remain strong and focused.
"I think this is it... the case," babbled George as he burst through the cabin door. "It says surgical on it!"
The Queen calmly told him to place it just so and open it. Then she said, "George, you have to put your hand right where mine is and press, hard. Okay?"
Queen Caryn, a Royal who one would expect had never in her life gotten her hands dirty, calmly told George what to hold, where to squeeze and what not to do as she deftly removed the bullet, sutured an artery and closed Ollie's wound.
"That's all we can do for now," she sighed. "Girls, may I have your blanket? Ollie needs it more than you."
"Is he going to be okay?"
"I don't know George. We'll have to wait and see. How long before we're home. And, come to think of it, who is driving this boat?"
"It's heading and speed are locked and Simms is ––"
"Simms?" she exclaimed with a look of horror. "He is no sailor by anyone's stretch of imagination. You had better take yourself to the bridge and get us home."
George looked down at his friend and gulped. "Just get well Ollie. We have to ride the train and see Magic Town, remember? And I can't –– I can't do it –– I don't want to do it without you."
In her most calm commanding demeanor, the Queen put her hand on George's shoulder. "The Bridge George. You have an important job to do."
He glanced at her, turned and left the cabin. Once he was out of sight, tears began streaming down her cheeks. She bent down and whispered in Ollie's ear. "Don't you dare die now Mr. Kuhn. There are way too many people here who love you. Stay with me. Stay with us my new friend. Do not give up."
The minutes ticked by as she continued talking about Magic Town and all the fun he and George were going to have. She couldn't truly tell if he heard or understood, but he had a pulse, and that kept her going.
"You have much more to do Ollie. George depends on you. We depend on you. Don’t leave us. Please don’t leave us." Then, her words were interrupted by Simms popping in and announcing they would be landing in just a few minutes hence.
"There will be people there." said the Queen trying to shake off her sadness and fear. "I must look a mess!" Then she looked at her daughters and laughed. We must all look a mess! Well then. If you would please excuse us Mr. Simms, I think we have to straighten ourselves up a bit."
He nodded and said in his usual formal demeanor, "Of course. Ma’am, Highnesses, I shall return and knock when we have landed and let them know when you are ready to receive your public."
"Ah yes, protocol, protocol. But before that Mr. Simms, please ensure that the emergency medical people come and attend to Mr. Kuhn. His health is far more important than some silly protocol. Bring them as quickly as possible, understood? And don't worry about us. It's Ollie who comes first this time."
"Yes Ma'am. I'll see to it."
George brought HMS Protector in a bit faster than he intended but managed to stop just short of hitting the dock. The Marines on shore, guided by Simms directives, secured a gangplank and the medical technicians ran from an ambulance to cabin one and went to work.
"Who did these bandages," asked one of the men examining Ollie.
"I did." replied Caryn. "It was all I could do for him on the way back. Please check my amateurish first aid work and give him the help he needs. He's lost a lot of blood."
When he peeled back the bandage and looked closely at Ollie's side, he told the other men with him to re-bandage the wound, start an IV, put him on a stretcher and get him to the hospital... stat.
"Your Majesty, my name is James Dobson, Doctor Dobson. I am a surgeon and I have to say, if he lives... and I don't yet know if he will... it will be due to your, as you put it, amateurish first aid. Good show."
"Thank you Doctor but instead of compliments I'd prefer to hear that Mr. Kuhn is going to recover and be just fine. Please, do everything you can for him."
“Ma’am, I assure you that everything that can be done will be done.”

~*~
Conspiracy and Treason
~*~
Ollie was carried from the boat to a waiting ambulance that rushed him to the hospital. George watched from the deck as flashing lights disappeared over the hill and then sat down holding his face in his hands.
Simms sat down next to him. "Don't worry George. Ollie's in good hands. They'll take care of him. The hospital is well equipped. I think he'll be just fine."
George looked at the Courier with an expression that showed he was more worried than he had ever been. "And if he isn't?" he asked despondently. "If we were too late, or if he lost too much blood and dies, what then? He's my best friend, my only real friend."
Simms stood up and patted George's shoulder. "He's going to be okay. Stay positive."
George sighed. "Yeah, positive. That's what I'll do. Stay positive."
"I have to attend to the Royals George. The people will want to know what happened and it's not my place to tell them. All we can do is wait and hope. I'll be back as soon as I can."
"Thanks Simms. Go do what you have to do. I’m okay and they need you right now."
Simms was hesitant to leave George in such a dismal state but his duties called. He patted George's shoulder again and headed down to cabin one.
"Ah, Mr. Simms," said the Queen when he walked in. "I believe my daughters and I are ready to be seen in public. Please have the Marines clear a path to where I can make an announcement. After that, we'll go to the hospital to see about Mr. Kuhn's condition."
"Yes Ma'am. I'll see to it."
Moments later, Simms had the Marines in place just as Caryn, accompanied by her daughters, appeared on deck. She held the girls hands up high and the people cheered. Applause and comments of "Well done" and “Congratulations” filled the air as they walked through the crowd to the top of the hill.
Mayor Miller pretended to be happy and relieved about the miraculous Princesses' cure when they approached him.
"Your Majesty, I am elated that the doctors were able to produce a cure for the Princesses. They both look quite well now."
Caryn wanted to physically attack him but held her emotions in check and feigned ignorance. "Yes Mayor, it does seem quite a miracle doesn't it. They were close to death at one point and I am eternally thankful for all the help we received in saving their lives."
"If I may ask Ma’am, what miracle drug did the Doctor use to save them?"
"I have no idea Mayor. I'm not a physician and don't understand such medical things. But Captain Colby was very instrumental in the entire workings of all that happened."
"Ah, I see. Then I look forward to officially thanking the Captain and the Doctor. I don’t see them anywhere. Where are they?"
"They are both currently occupied with other business. Bit of a crisis I suppose. I'm sure they can handle it and that you'll be seeing them very soon. I am also sure they will fill you in on all the details of this terrible ordeal when the opportunity arises."
Miller choked a little when she said that. But, standing in public surrounded by Royal Marines, he continued playing the innocent. His friendly facade made Caryn want to say something right then. But she took a breath, suppressed her emotions and carried on.
"Mr. Simms," she said quietly, "would you please make the announcement we discussed. I'd like to go see Mr. Kuhn."
"Yes Ma'am." Simms stepped up on the bed of a trailer, raised his hands and yelled, "I have an announcement!"
The crowd faced him and went silent.
"These last few days have been long and stressful so the Royal Family will now be taken to the hospital for a routine examination. Nothing to worry about. It’s just protocol.
Further, you are all welcome to stay here in the fishermen’s cove. The train will stay in place for those of you who have not set up tents or other temporary housing."
Simms gave them a few moments to digest his words and then raised his hands until they were once again quiet.
"Because our Queen wishes to express her thanks, there will be a celebration here in the cove tomorrow to honor everyone who supported our Royal Family in their time of need. Everyone is invited and you may stay the night or return tomorrow as you wish."
He jumped down from the trailer and asked, "Was that everything Ma'am? I had to do it from memory and hope I left nothing out."
"Well done Mr. Simms. Now let's go see how Ollie is doing.
"Yes Ma'am. Please follow me."
Within minutes George, Simms and the Royal Family were being transported to the hospital by a squad of Royal Marines, all anxious to learn of Ollie's fate. When the short convoy of military vehicles pulled in, two orderlies were waiting at the doors.
"How is he doing?" asked Caryn as she stepped out of the vehicle.
"Is he still alive?" asked George wondering if he would ever go fishing with his best friend again.
"This way please," replied an orderly without answering their questions and guiding them to a waiting room. "I'll let the doctor know you've arrived." Then he disappeared through a door marked Medical Personnel Only.
The next few minutes seemed like an eternity. George paced. Simms nervously mumbled incoherent words. And the Queen, nearing total exhaustion from the long ordeal, quietly sat with arms around her daughters.
The only sound in the room was the tick-tick-tick of a large round clock on the opposite wall that was almost driving George into an emotional panic.
Suddenly, the doors swung open and out came Doctor Dobson. He pulled down his face mask and let out a long sigh.
"Is he ––"
"How is Ollie doing?"
"Were you able to ––"
Dobson held up a hand and smiled. "He made it and he's going to be just fine."
And five people who came to love the young man who just wanted to fish the ocean with his best friend, see the Christmas sights of Magic Town, read books and help save the Princesses, cheered and hugged each other. 
They all patted George on the back as tears of joy streamed down his cheeks. And even the stuffy ever stoic Beverly Simms had wet eyes as he hugged George and tried to say something. All he could manage was a choking swallowing sound and a smile.
"Thank you so much Doctor.”
"I’m happy I could help Ma’am. But it was your work that saved his life. All I had to do was repair one artery and get him stabilized so he could heal. The rest, you had already done, and quite well in my opinion. What you did was very good work. Where did you learn such expert medical skills? Have you had medical training?"
Caryn blushed slightly. "My mother taught me at a time and place when we had no doctors or hospitals available. But tell me, when can we see Ollie?"
"Yes, when doctor?" asked George.
"Momentarily," chuckled Dobson. "And I expect he'll be up and about in a matter of hours. No vital organs were damaged and although, he shouldn't be doing anything strenuous for a few weeks, I think we can release him in the morning."
George's face lit up. "Really? Tomorrow morning? That's fantastic!"
"You must be George, his best friend. He is very worried about you."
"Me...? He was the one who got shot!"
Dobson laughed. "When we gave him a local anesthetic he became quite talkative and very worried about how you would be able to fish without him. I have to ask though, what are little green balls? He was so afraid you wouldn't cook them anymore if he died."
George burst out laughing. "Brussels sprouts! Ollie loves fish, rice and Brussels sprouts for dinner and he calls them green balls because they're like little green cabbages."
"I see," said Dobson with a chuckle. "No wonder Ollie's in such great shape. That's a very healthy diet. He should be coming in here any moment now."
The doors swung open and a gurney carrying their friend was rolled into the room.
They ran to his side babbling about how worried they had been and how relieved they were that he was going to be okay.
“Doctor, can I go home now?"
"Not yet Ollie. We're keeping you overnight just to make sure there are no complications. If everything's okay tomorrow, you can go home. Why the hurry?"
"Oh good." he mumbled. "Because everything happened so fast I didn't have time to put the green balls in the fridge."
After the laughter subsided, Ollie was taken to a private room, Simms and the Royals left and George took up watch in a chair next to his friend's bed. They chatted about their adventure and their new boat for a while. Then, between the aftereffects of anesthesia for Ollie and the sheer exhaustion for them both, they soon fell fast asleep.
The morning sun was just beginning to light the room when a nurse came in singing. "Morning, morning, morning...! I hear we have a very special guest staying with us today."
George jerked up in his chair and grabbed his neck. "Ouch! I must have slept ––" Then he saw that Ollie was not moving. He jumped up and shook him. "Ollie..., Ollie." he said in a very loud whisper. "Are you okay? Wake up."
The nurse glanced at George, then at the monitor that showed Ollie's vital signs and calmly said, "You must be Mr. Collins."
"Yes. But call me George. Is he okay?"
Ollie yawned, stretched his arms and smacked his dry lips. "Yup. I'm okay George. And I feel pretty good too but I'm really thirsty. Can I please have a drink of water Ma'am?"
"I'll get it." said George. "Where do I get it? Is there a glass and water or a bottle or ––"
"Please Mr. Collins, calm down. I have to check a few things first. It'll only take a couple of minutes and then we'll get Mr. Kuhn his water."
"Oh. Yes Ma'am. Okay."
For the next few minutes the nurse checked temperature, blood pressure and the bandages on Ollie's side. "Ma'am sounds a little old for my tastes," she said while raising the bed to a slight sitting position. "Please call me Jill. Okay?"
Ollie grinned. "Okay, um, Jill. And thanks. George, you can call her Jill too."
She laughed. "From what I heard Mr. Kuhn, the whole town should be thanking you and George. You two, and a Mr. Simms that I haven't met, are responsible for protecting our whole way of life."
"Call me Ollie-Jill. And Bev ––, I mean, Mr. Simms is the one who figured it all out. All George and I did was drive the boat."
"Okay ‘Ollie-Jill’." Then she laughed and added, "Sorry. I just couldn't resist that."
The fishermen looked at each other and mouthed, Ollie-Jill…?
George chuckled. "Well, that is what you told her to call you Ollie."
"Well," Jill began while wrapping up medical instruments, "you two, Mr. Simms, Queen Caryn and her two daughters are today's headline news. Of course, that's privileged information at the moment so don't tell anyone I told you."
George grinned and Ollie blushed.
She turned to leave and then hesitated to say, "Someone will be in with breakfast and the doctor will see you later."
When she went through the doorway, Ollie called out, "Pancakes...?"
Jill stopped and looked back in. "Pancakes...?"
"Yes. I love pancakes and scrambled eggs for breakfast. Can I have pancakes please?"
She couldn't help but laugh at his request. "I'll see what I can do Mr. Ollie Kuhn. And for you Mr. George Collins, would you like the same?"
"Yes please. And thank you."
A few minutes later, Doctor Dobson walked in with a patient chart in his hand. Before he could say a single word, Ollie burst out with, "Fine, good, I feel great. Can I please go home now? I feel okay."
Dobson stood frozen for a moment chuckling. "I don't know Ollie. First we have to run some tests and then we'll see."
"Oh. Okay. I just wanted to get past that, How are we feeling today, question that all doctors ask their patients."
Dobson chuckled. "Okay. I won’t ask. Now let's take a look at that wound."
Three hours later the fishermen were back in their house showering and getting ready for the Queen's celebration. George was acting like a worried nurse-maid. He helped Ollie change his bandages and kept telling him not to strain himself and take it easy. Ollie calmly replied with his usual, "Okay George."
"Now I mean it!" exclaimed George. "You were shot! You can't just get up and go like nothing happened."
"I know." said Ollie patting his friend's shoulder. "I'll be careful. But I feel fine now. Just a little stiff in my side. And it only hurts when I laugh."
"Then don't laugh!" growled George trying to be the stern father. Then his expression quickly changed to a smile.
Noontime came, the celebration began and later, people lined up to congratulate the Royals and wish them all the best. The Mayor cordially received their thanks with handshakes and smiles and the Queen patiently waited.
News that the Princesses had been cured of a fatal illness had spread throughout the land bringing ever more people to the celebration. The line of well-wishers became extremely long and Caryn smiled thinking, the more, the merrier. Soon they will all know the truth.
Nearly an hour had passed and the girls were becoming quite impatient. They tugged on Ollie’s sleeve and whispered. "Can we go inside and get some hot chocolate please? You make the best hot chocolate."
Ollie put a finger to his lips and whispered, "Shush. All these people helped us rescue you. It would be rude to leave before they all passed by and that's not nice."
They looked at him as if to say, 'but', so he continued with, "I want a hot chocolate too but I don't want to make anyone here feel bad because I walked away and ignored them. You don't want to make people feel bad do you?"
The girls looked at each other and grudgingly sighed. "No. Okay. You're right." He smiled, winked and they both giggled.
The Queen continued shaking hands while answering questions and eventually, the line neared its end. The last two people in it were Mr. Simms and Major Ford and Caryn was now becoming anxious. After thanking the last person for helping, she said, "Ah, Mr. Simms. Did you deliver my message to the Major here?"
"Yes Ma'am. I did."
"Excellent! Major Ford, are you ready?"
"Yes Your Majesty. The troops are all positioned in place."
Miller began looking around and noticed a squad of Marines surrounding them. Nervous sweat began to run down his forehead.
"Very well then." She turned and looked Miller straight in the eyes. "Oh Mr. Mayor, don't look so terrified. I am, after all, a calm and gentle soul who wishes harm to no one. However, should you choose to run, you'll be facing the Major's Marines and I am quite sure they will be far less cordial than I."
"But Ma'am..." he pleaded, "... you have the wrong idea. I was merely trying to help ––"
"We shall see," she said cutting him off and turning back to Ford. "Execute your orders Major."
Ford raised a hand and two Marines stepped forward to stand on each side of Miller. "Sir," one of them said, "you are under arrest for, among other things, treasonous conspiracy. Please come with us peacefully Sir."
Miller's eyes pleaded with the Queen but she merely turned her head and said nothing. He closed his eyes and meekly sighed, "Let's go."
With that bit of business completed, Simms whispered something to the Queen. "Yes, I would love to get back, take a warm bath and have a long rest in my castle. But the people have already waited too long." Then she announced, "We now travel to Magic Town to light the tree and begin Christmas!"
Cheers and applause rolled through the crowd. Caryn put her arms around her daughters and whispered to Simms, "And we would be very pleased if we might have some hot chocolate to drink on the way."
~*~
The Queen's Speech
~*~
Two powerful locomotives pulled a long consist of first class passenger cars filled with people from the cove to Magic Town in one non-stop express haul. The very last car was specially marked and carried Queen Caryn, the Princesses, Mr. Simms, Ollie, George, one platoon of Royal Marines and, of course, a very unhappy Mayor Miller..., in handcuffs.
Everyone was smiling and singing Christmas songs, happy that the crisis had passed and their annual celebration was about to begin. Well, everyone except the Mayor. He seemed rather glum. So the Queen asked Ollie for a cup of hot chocolate.
"Um, Your Highness, um, Majesty, you already have a cup. Doesn't it taste good?"
She looked at him and chuckled. "Ollie," she began, "please don't worry so much about the royal formality stuff. But, if you really want to know, you should address me as 'Your Majesty' the first time in a conversation and Ma'am after that."
Ollie grinned. "Oh –– Right –– Got it. Your Majesty first and Ma'am after that. Um, about the hot ––"
"It's for someone else Ollie. I just want to give it to him. This cup I have is delicious."
"Oh, okay um, Ma'am. I'll go make it now. Was that okay..., the Ma'am part I mean?"
"Absolutely perfect my friend."
A few minutes later, Ollie returned with the drink. The Queen stood up to take it and suddenly, Simms and every Marine in the car jumped up to stand at attention. The mass movement surprised Ollie so that he almost spilled the hot cup.
"Did I do something wrong?" he asked nervously.
"Oh, I am sorry about that Ollie." replied the Queen apologetically. "They're just doing their Royal formal stuff. They do that when I stand up." Then she leaned close with her hand next to her mouth and whispered, "It's really kinda stuffy, don't you think?"
Ollie was still very uneasy about speaking to a real queen. "I, well..., yeah. I guess so. Um, Ma'am, I don't know about all this formal stuff but I'll try to learn."
She laughed. "Well, if you do, that's wonderful but if you don't, that's okay with me. I was once a simple working mother trying to raise my two daughters the best way I could and I haven't forgotten what it's like. So you see? You and I are not so different. I value your friendship far more than any protocol, formality or tradition."
"Oh, ah-hmm, well. Thank you." replied Ollie blushing a little. "But I'll still try to learn because all the people around you expect it and I don't want to do something that would make you look bad."
Caryn laughed and shook her head. "You're a good man Ollie Kuhn. I'm glad you're my friend. Now, would you please accompany me while I take this to someone?"
"Oh, yes. Of course Ma'am."
"Perfect! See? You've already started being formal."
Ollie grinned, the Queen smiled and, together they walked to the end of the car straight to Miller. He looked up expecting a verbal attack. But when the Queen held out the cup of hot chocolate, he looked puzzled.
"What's this?" he asked sarcastically. "Some kind of poison?"
"No Michael. Not poison. It's the most delicious hot chocolate I've ever tasted and I thought you might like a cup. Everyone else has one. Merry Christmas Michael Miller. This is my only gift to you this year. I do hope the anger that made you do what you did doesn't totally destroy you from the inside out."
Miller was obviously taken aback. Surprise, fear and admiration flashed over his face as he wondered why his intended victim would treat him so well. "I don't know what to say," he murmured looking dumbfounded.
"You don't have to say anything Michael. Just enjoy this nice warm beverage and relax. You may not get another treat like this for quite some time to come. Oh, and I'll take a sip first if you still think it's poison. But surely you must know that, as Queen, I could dispose of you in much easier ways."
Miller let out a long sigh and moaned. "I don't know what to say Ma’am. I'm so sorry."
"I know you are Michael. I know. Now, you can either join us all in celebrating Christmas or refuse. Your choice. Hot chocolate...?"
"Yes Ma'am," he murmured. "Thank you Ma'am. Thank you very much."
"That's better. Enjoy it Michael. It's really good."
Everyone near the end of the car who heard that conversation was awed and passed the word forward so everyone knew what had just taken place. As the Queen and Ollie walked back to their seats, George stepped into the aisle and began clapping. Everyone else followed suit and before they got to their seats, the entire car was applauding the Queen's actions.
When she sat down, Ollie leaned close and whispered, "Was that like formal stuffy stuff Ma'am? Because that wasn't stuffy at all. It was really nice what you did and really nice that everyone applauded."
She laughed. "Oh Ollie, you are a gem. And so is George. I'm so happy we met." Then she turned to look at George and Simms sitting just behind and added, "And you two, Mr. Simms and Mr. George Collins, why if it hadn't been for the three of you, my daughters and I would either be prisoners on some isolated island or dead. How can I ever repay you?"
Simms bowed his head. "I was merely doing my duty to my Queen Ma'am. I need no repayment."
George, however, did have a request. "Um, Ma'am, if it's okay, could Ollie and I keep the boat just as it is? With all those improvements, we could bring in more fish to feed more people."
"Keep the boat?" she replied as if it had already been a given. "Of course, you can keep it just as it is. It is your boat after all."
"Oh. Thank you Ma'am. We'll have to take off those guns that Colby's men put on her. Don't like guns much. Don't need them for anything either."
Just then, the train’s horns sounded announcing their approach to Magic Town. Caryn looked at George and said, "You do whatever you and Ollie wish George. HMS Protector belongs to you." Then she looked at Simms. "You, Mr. Simms, are a true and loyal friend. You ask for nothing. But I have something in mind for the three of you."
The train slowed and then squealed to a stop. People began debarking from the other cars but not one person in the Queen's car moved. She shook her head and whispered to Ollie, "Looks like it's time to be a royal again. You know, do some of that formal stuffy stuff."
He grinned, she laughed and an orderly procession of the Monarch with her daughters and friends, escorted by Royal Marines, exited the car on their way to the town's center square. They marched in line, two by two, down the street, round a corner and across the square to a stage near the base of the town's beautifully decorated blue spruce. The massive tree had been carefully dug, shipped with its roots intact and planted as a permanent living part of their Christmas celebration each year. Ironically, a permanent live tree was not only a new tradition, it was also a reminder of the Christmas that almost never was.
"Everyone's here," said George amazed at the sea of people standing in every inch of the square, on the sidewalks and filling every street, window and porch.
"Yeah," said Ollie looking around. "Guess we aren't the only ones who like Christmas."
Caryn stopped just short of the stairs leading up to the podium from which she would be giving her holiday address and quietly said, "You know what?"
Ollie whispered back, "Um, no Ma'am. What?"
"I'm actually quite nervous."
"Why Ma'am?" asked George quietly. "Why would you be nervous? I thought you did this every year."
"I do. But this year is very different."
"Different?" asked George looking at the warm glow of streetlamps, lights and decorations. "Everyone is happy to see you and this looks like a scene on a holiday postcard."
"Yeah," added Ollie, "This is great! What's different this year Ma'am?"
Caryn leaned close and whispered, "Each year I have a prepared speech to give. But this year it just doesn't fit so I'll have to wing it, so to speak, make it up as I go along."
"That’s hard." said George.
"Why?" asked Ollie.
"Because, thanks to some very brave people, my daughters and I are alive to be here."
Then she turned and said, "Major ––"
He nodded, turned and motioned to the First Sergeant who shouted, "Tennnnn-Huttt...!"
The Marines snapped to attention.
"Formal position one! Huuuuuhhhh...!"
And a perfectly timed precision march of spit-shined sharply creased Military Uniforms ensued ending with half to the right and half to the left of the stage.
"Present Arms!" came the next order.
Every Marine snapped into position in perfect unison as the First Sergeant and the Major turned to face the Queen and hold a salute in her honor.
"Here we go," she said. Wish me luck."
Once again, applause filled the air as she, the Princesses, Simms, George, Ollie, the Major and the First Sergeant walked up the stairs and took their positions on the stage.
She looked out over the crowd, waiting, ten seconds, fifteen seconds, and then held up her hands. The audience quieted. For a moment or two, she silently looked at all the people, swallowed to calm her nervous throat and let out a long breath.
"In years past," she began in a slightly shaky voice, "it has been said that I have honored you with my presence at this annual celebration. That statement, made from formality, protocol and tradition, is however, quite wrong!"
Her hesitation as she searched for just the right words stirred the audience. Hearing her say that tradition was wrong sounded confusing and they began mumbling to each other wondering what she meant.
"I ––" She stopped and turned slightly to place one hand on each of her daughters' shoulders. "We, your Royal Family, do not honor you with our presence. It is in fact, you who honor us by inviting us into your beautiful town and into your celebration of hope and friendship of one for another. You honor me and my children. For that, we are eternally grateful."
People nodded in approval and mumbling could be heard buzzing throughout the audience before they finally went quiet waiting for her next words.
"These last few days have been anything but normal and many of you gave of your time..., your talent..., and your hard work to help save my daughters. And here they stand. There are ––"
Applause and cheers roared through the air and Ollie leaned close to George and said, "This formal stuffy stuff is kind of fun."
With a puzzled look, George said, "Huh? What is stuffy stuff…?"
Half way through Ollie's, "I'll tell you later," reply, the applause stopped causing his last word to echo out into the crowd. "Oops." he added apologetically.
The Queen chuckled and continued.
"There are three men who, were it not for their heroic efforts, neither I nor my daughters would be here tonight. And so, I have one official task to perform before we light this beautiful tree. I beg your indulgence for this delay but it means a great deal to me to be able to say thank you to these very special people."
People began to whisper again. "What official task?" one asked. "Who are these special people?" asked another. The buzzing of questions continued until she held up her hand and said in her most commanding tone, "Major Ford..., the sword please!"
The audience tried to be quiet but curiosity caused continued whispering. When the Major drew his sword and walked toward the Queen to present it, she whispered something to the fishermen and the courier.
"What is she doing?" asked someone.
"This looks like an execution," said another, spurring timorous expressions on the faces of those close by.
"A show of power," commented one man, "is most certainly not the way to begin these holiday festivities."
The Queen received the sword from Major Ford and turned back toward the crowd. George, Ollie and Simms knelt down next to each other.
"She's going to honor them." said a young child.
"Honor them? It looks more like she's going to behead them," said a man. "What was their crime?"
"No, no, no," advised an elderly lady recognizing the traditional stances, she is facing us. They are facing her. This has to be some kind of honor."
Caryn heard those comments and paused to look directly at those who made them. She shook her head, smiled and spoke in her best announcement voice.
"My good and fine people of Magic Town, it gives me great pleasure to honor these three brave men in your presence. Their deeds over these past days, deeds born of honor, courage and commitment, have shown them to be deserving of a proper title which I shall now bestow."
A sigh of relief came from those thinking the worst and silence prevailed once again in the square as she moved closer to the three men on their knees.

"Mr. George Collins," she announced touching the sword first to one shoulder and then the other, "I hereby dub thee a knight of the realm." 
After a short applause ended, she continued. "Mr. Ollie Kuhn, I hereby dub thee a knight of the realm."
Hearing the way she had announced the names, Simms became very nervous about his own given name and shuddered at the ridicule he would have to endure. He shut his eyes expecting laughter, snide comments and a future filled with nothing but constant embarrassment.
"Mr. Beverley Simms," she announced confidently. 
He squeezed his eyes tighter and winced.
"I hereby dub thee a knight of the realm. And, in the tradition of old, let the people be advised that Beverley, the name of a great man of strength and loyalty, a name that is rarely given and given only to very special men of good heart, shall never ever be denigrated in any form by any person from this day forward!"
Simms slowly opened his eyes and looked up. The Queen, winked, and continued.
"Rise Sir George, Sir Ollie and Sir Beverley. Take your rightful places next to your thankful Queen!"
Applause and cheers flowed through the crowd. Caryn leaned close to Simms and whispered, "Don't ever be ashamed of your given name again Sir Beverley. After all, it does have a very nice ring to it.”
“Yes Your Majesty. Thank you.”
And with a bit of a giggle, she added, "I guess you can't refer to our fishermen friends as commoners any more either, can you."
"No Ma’am. I cannot. Nor would I."
"Good for you Sir Beverly. Of course, every one of us is, in some way, a commoner. I think that means we're all just humans, ordinary people trying to do the best we can. So, again my friend, thank you and Merry Christmas!"
When the cheers, applause and voices died down, Caryn faced the audience, held up her hands and with a huge smile, announced, "Let's light the tree!"
Then, at her direction, she, her daughters, the fishermen and the courier all placed their hands on the big red button and pressed. Lights on the huge tree began to glow, brighter and brighter, string by string in sequence from top to bottom. The band leader held up his wand waiting for just the right split second. When the bottommost row of lights brightened, his wand moved down and the band began playing.
People cheered and danced and milled all about while wishing each other the friendliest greetings they could muster. The annual Christmas celebration in Magic Town had finally begun. And the fishermen were there to see and enjoy it.
Ollie leaned close to his partner and asked, "George, next year, can we please take the truck or ride the train instead of walking?"
With George and Ollie at the helm and staffed with a platoon of Royal Marines, HMS Protector periodically carried food and supplies to the island where Captain Colby and his men were kept marooned. Michael Miller, the ex-mayor, joined them for the duration and Magic Town was once again at peace.
~ * ~
We hope you enjoyed our little tale. Perhaps someday, there will be a sequel to George’s and Ollie’s heroic adventures.
Always be good to others and true to yourselves.
Merry Christmas
to you and yours
~*~
