Casanova Killer
 An SSCD Crime Thriller

By Tallulah Grace

Copyright 2012 Tallulah Grace

Smashwords Edition
The names, places and events contained within this book are fictional. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead is purely coincidental. 

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including recording, photocopying or any other information storage and retrieval system without prior, written permission of the Author.


Visit this page to subscribe to my newsletter and be the first to learn of new releases, contests and giveaways.

Casanova Killer takes place a year before the Timeless Trilogy. So many readers wanted to read more about Dylan, that I created this book to offer a peek into his life as an FBI agent. This step back in time also showcases Jerry as his partner, showing us why she’s a little in love with Dylan and gun shy about men in general.

Jerry (Jeri) takes center stage in the remaining novels of the SSCD Series.

Table of Contents

Prologue	2
Chapter One	4
Chapter Two	6
Chapter Three	11
Chapter Four	13
Chapter Five	20
Chapter Six	21
Chapter Seven	26
Chapter Eight	28
Chapter Nine	33
Chapter Ten	40
Chapter Eleven	45
Chapter Twelve	54
Chapter Thirteen	71
Chapter Fourteen	78
Chapter Fifteen	84
Chapter Sixteen	90
Chapter Seventeen	97
Chapter Eighteen	103
Chapter Nineteen	107
Chapter Twenty	116
Epilogue	119




Prologue

The sapphire waters of the Pacific churned into frothy white spray against the rocky coastline of Muir Beach. 
“It’s like a painting,” Jenna remarked as she removed her strappy sandals. The planked boardwalk, outlining the cliff ridge high above the shore, did not appear friendly to stiletto heels, especially ones that cost more than most monthly mortgage payments. 
“Wait until you see the view from the point.” The man she knew as Robert smiled and held out his hand. She took it.
The first coral streaks of sunrise complemented the ever-brightening blue water as they strolled along the snaking walkway. The majesty of the landscape was theirs alone, for the moment.
Jenna sighed. It had been a magical evening; dinner at a new bistro followed by dancing at the exclusive Portman Lounge. Robert knew how to treat a woman. His impeccable manners and attention to her every whim reaffirmed her decision to cheat on John, her lover of several years.
Long used to the finer things in life, courtesy of her married lover, Jenna especially enjoyed being visible on a man’s arm in the city that she loved. John gave her the lifestyle she craved, but hidden rendezvous and trysts tailored to his schedule soon grew tiresome. Meeting Robert changed all of that.
The timing couldn’t have been better, she marveled once again. John had no sooner left on a weeklong business trip than Robert had appeared by her side. His natural charm, movie-star good looks and British accent drew her to him immediately. The Rolex shining from his wrist and the Maserati he left parked at the curb didn’t hurt either. The past week had been a whirlwind of sightseeing adventures, prosaic phone calls and romantic evenings. Jenna was head over heels.
As the blunt end of the walkway came into view, Jenna’s Robert congratulated himself on a flawless execution. The past few days had been perfect; the woman beside him practically oozed her adoration. 
“Ooh, I wish I’d brought my camera,” Jenna skipped the last few feet, pulling Robert along behind her. “The view is stunning!”
“It certainly is,” Robert’s voice warmed her even as his breath tickled her neck. Standing close to her back, he wrapped one arm around her waist and pulled her against him. She wiggled against his erection, just enough to let him know that she noticed.
The sound of the waves, crashing against the rocks below and the ever-constant wind masked the snap of the stiletto blade opening. 
“Till we meet again, my sweet,” he murmured, quickly drawing the blade in a single line across her throat. With no more effort than tossing garbage into a pail, he flung Jenna’s body over the wooden rail to the sea below. 

Chapter One

“Get your size fifteens off my desk, Dawes.” Nate Banks scowled at the man lounging in his office. 
“Sorry, Boss,” Dylan Dawes replied automatically as he passed a hand over his eyes and slowly straightened. “Just catching a few winks.”
“You can sleep on the plane.” Nate tossed a file into Dylan’s lap as he passed. “We leave for California in an hour.” The desk phone beeped loudly as he depressed a single digit. “Jerry, my office,” he barked into the speaker, not waiting for a reply. 
“What’s up?” Dylan asked, opening the folder, his fatigue forgotten at the prospect of a new case. The team had just wrapped the nasty business of chasing one Michael Phillips across three states. The self-proclaimed Phantom had eluded them for two months, killing sixteen teenagers in the process. 
They were due for a break, but as one of the few teams the FBI trained in profiling and tracking serial killers, the Special Serial Crimes Division rarely knew any downtime. 
“What’s up, Boss?” The female voice echoing Dylan’s question preceded the woman into the room by scant seconds. Jerry Forbes, Dylan’s partner and friend, dropped into the second chair facing Nate’s desk. Dylan, long accustomed to her striking beauty, shook his head at the bright sparkle in her eyes.
“How can you be so perky? We’ve been up for three nights straight!” He grumbled, then grimaced when she poked him in the arm.
“One of the benefits of youth, old man,” she teased, even though Dylan was only a few months older than her. Turning to Nate, she became serious. “What’ve we got?”
“Three women murdered, in and around San Francisco. Throats slashed, bodies left in remote areas. All of the victims were affluent brunettes, aged twenty-five to twenty-nine.” Nate recited the facts. “The last one was found yesterday, much quicker than the others. She’d only been dead for six to eight hours. The other two went undiscovered for seven and twelve days, respectively. No DNA evidence on any of the victims, thanks to the time lapse and the weather conditions in the area. Finding the latest victim so quickly gave us our best shot at DNA, but it rained most of the day, washing away whatever might have been present on the body.”
“Was the discovery a lucky fluke, or do you think he’s getting bored with waiting for notoriety?” Jerry asked.
“Hard to say. He tossed her over a cliff leading down to the Pacific. The spot is a popular viewing point for tourists and locals alike, but theoretically, she could have lain there for weeks without being noticed.”
“Who found her?” Dylan asked.
“A local news team doing a touristy-type puff piece flew over the area in a helicopter. A flash from a crystal on the dead woman’s shoes caught their attention. Before they realized it, they’d broadcast the woman’s body live to three counties.”
“Let me guess, now it’s viral,” Jerry spat out in disgust.
“You know it. Never underestimate the public’s fascination with a gruesome murder. Anyway, it establishes the pattern, so we’re on it.” Nate sat back, templed his fingers and looked at Jerry. “We need you undercover on this one.”
“How so?”
“You’re his type: tall, beautiful, brunette. Now we just have to turn you into a socialite. Oh, and a mistress.” He tried to hide his grin as he watched the meaning of his words sink into Jerry’s consciousness. 
“Socialite? Me?” Jerry shook her head. “Mistress I can handle, no biggy, but a socialite?” She leveled an incredulous gaze at first Dylan and then Nate. “I don’t really have to go to parties and all that stuff, do I?”
“You’ll have to live your cover, you know this.” Nate stood, bringing the meeting to an end. “Don’t worry, you’ll be fine.”
“Easy for you to say, you grew up fancy, I didn’t,” Jerry grumbled as she walked to the door. 
Dylan laughed. “I find it curious that you’re more comfortable playing a mistress than you are in the role of a social butterfly. Anything you want to confess, Forbes?”
“Bite me, Dawes. At least you don’t have to get all dressed up and make small talk with highfalutin strangers, or does he?” she asked Nate.
“As a matter of fact, yes, he does. Every mistress needs a keeper.” Nate’s eyes crinkled at the expression on Dylan’s face.
“Come on, Boss, you know I hate that crap. With your background, you’d be perfect as Jerry’s keeper.” Dylan flashed a grin at Jerry, knowing that she’d hate the terminology. “You grew up in that world, tossing Jerry and me into it is like serving hot dogs at the opera.”
“My background is the problem. I know people in the circle you’ll be infiltrating. They know me. The unsub is likely part of that group; we don’t need to spook him before we get a handle on his identity.” Nate stopped before entering the hallway and turned to face his agents. “You’ll both be fine. Don’t let the cover get in the way of the mission. The unsub thinks he’s untouchable; he’s already stalking his next victim.”
“You said the victims were affluent. Do you mean they’re wealthy in their own right, or wealthy thanks to their benefactors?” Jerry looked pointedly at Dylan.
“The latest victim was solidly middle class, but her married ‘benefactor’ kept her in style, complete with a six figure bank account. The first victim’s expenses were covered by a corporation, one that her companion owned. He’s not married, she came from old money, so their arrangement could have been a social tit for tat.” Nate nodded at the folder Dylan held. “Uncover the circumstances for the second victim’s lifestyle. We should know if ‘mistress’ is truly part of the victimology or if it’s a by-product. Good question, Jerry.” 
“Thanks, Boss.”
Nate nodded. “Get packed, guys. Wheels up in forty-five.”  

Chapter Two

“We appreciate the assist, thank you, sir.” Nate raised the window shade on the Learjet as he disconnected the call. So much for sleeping their way across the country.  His one-sided conversation with the FBI Director of International Relations had already awakened Jerry and Dylan. At least they had made it to Colorado before the call came in.
Nate tossed his cell onto the table separating the four captain’s chairs. “Change of plans, guys. Better get some coffee.” He rubbed the sleep from his eyes as Dylan accommodated the three of them, bringing back three steaming mugs from the kitchenette in the rear of the cabin. 
“Thanks,” Nate told him and sipped the warm liquid. “Seems like our unsub has been busy across the pond,” he began.
“Europe?” Jerry felt the cobwebs slowly melt from her brain. 
“England, Central London specifically, and the Italian Riviera.”
“Both are playgrounds for the rich and fabulous.” Dylan said wryly. “Our boy likes the finer things.”
“Interpol is sending an agent to work the case with us. Ethan Barnes has been tracking the unsub across Europe, he’ll meet us in San Francisco.” Nate nodded to Jerry. “He’ll be your partner for this one. Dylan and I will work behind the scenes.”
Jerry didn’t care for the idea of pretending to be the mistress of an agent she’d never met before. Living in close quarters with a man she knew, respected, and yes, even had a small crush on, was enough of a challenge. Now she had to get cozy with a stranger. She knew better than to complain; Nate would not be putting her in this position if he had a choice.
“Whatever you say, Boss.” Nodding in Dylan’s direction, she grinned. “He can’t be any worse than this one.”
Grateful for her easy acceptance, Nate nodded. “Barnes has already established a cover as a wealthy playboy. No point in duplicating efforts.”
Dylan, thrilled with the turn of events, decided not to tease Jerry about being an international plaything. “I take it the unsub’s signature is the same?”
“Identical, down to the right to left slice across the neck. His victims are all beautiful brunettes, loaded or wealth-accessible. They spend their time shopping, being pampered, or otherwise occupied with the man paying their bills. He killed three in Central London and four in Italy.”
“What about the drop zones, Central London is not exactly filled with remote locations.” Dylan questioned.
“He left the bodies in warehouses, south of the city. That’s all I know, at the moment. Barnes can fill us in on the details, but the Director says he’s confident that our unsub and the ‘Casanova Killer’ are one in the same.”
“You’re kidding, right? Casanova Killer? Jeez, sounds like a bad Gothic novel.”
“Exactly, but that’s how he’s known in Europe. Courtesy of the press, I’m sure. Apparently Barnes was closing in when the unsub disappeared, two months ago.”
“Lucky us, he surfaced in San Francisco.” Dylan gathered their coffee cups for a refill.
“What’s his timeline?” Jerry flipped open her laptop and began making notes.
“Six months in London and two months on the Riviera.”
“Three kills already in San Francisco in less than a month. He’s escalating.” Jerry’s fingers flew over the keys.
“He may be compensating for the time he laid low, between Italy and here.” Dylan offered his opinion along with the fresh coffee.
“It’s not unusual for a serial’s initial kills to be spaced farther apart, while they perfect their technique,” Jerry added. 
“True. It’s also possible that San Francisco offers a more fertile hunting ground for his preferences.” Nate opened the manila folder housing the bulk of the information they’d received from the San Francisco Police Department. “Let’s make a quick profile, based on what we know of his US kills.”
“All three victims are white females, in their mid-to-late twenties, with similar socio-economic circumstances, though their backgrounds differ. All were brunettes, between five feet ten inches and six feet tall.” Nate read from the police reports.
“Hopefully, the victimology of his European kills will clarify whether or not being a mistress is a crucial part of his signature.” Dylan remarked.
“Any restraint marks?” Jerry asked.
“No ligature marks present on any of the bodies. The toxicology report isn’t back yet on the latest victim, but the first two revealed no signs of drug use. If he’s restraining them, his methods leave no trace.” 
“Did he kill them at the disposal site?” Jerry stopped typing as Nate flipped through the pages.
“Yes, and no. All three women had their throats slashed at the top of a steep incline. They were still bleeding out when he tossed them down the hill.”
“He must be well over six feet and in good shape, or he wouldn’t be able to maneuver them over the edge so easily.” 
Jerry added Dylan’s observations to the list.
“Assuming they were not restrained, they must have gone with him voluntarily.” Jerry mused.
“Gives credence to the term ‘Casanova Killer.’ Maybe he romances them before he kills them.”
“Possibly, but let’s focus on what we know about these murders, charming European moniker notwithstanding.” Nate passed Dylan the coroner’s reports. “No defensive wounds on any of the women. Most likely, they didn’t see it coming”
“So he stands behind them, close enough to slice their throats, without them putting up a fight. No restraints and no defensive wounds suggest that the victims were comfortable with him, unless he surprised them somehow.” Dylan reclined his seat, closing his eyes to aid his concentration. “Did the victims have vehicles on site?”
“Good question.” Nate shuffled the papers again. “The victim’s cars were all found at their residences. So, he must have taken them to the kill site.”
“What about interviews with friends and neighbors? Any man, other than their ‘keeper,’ on the scene?” Jerry wrinkled her nose in distaste. “We really need a better word than ‘keeper.’” 
Dylan grinned, but his eyes remained closed. “Take your pick: Sugar Daddy, Main Squeeze, Companion, John…” his voice trailed off.
“’John is inaccurate, they’re not prostitutes, not in the strictest sense of the word. These women were not doing anything illegal.” Jerry protested.
“One of the men paying the bills was not married, so ‘mistress’ is also inaccurate across the board. Let’s not get hung up on semantics. Call the boyfriends ‘companions.’” Nate looked up at Jerry. “To answer your question, no, the first two victims did not have a new man in their life, at least according to the few interviews that the police conducted. No info on the latest victim.”
“We should dig a little deeper. Chances are good that at least one of the women confided in her best friend, if she was seeing someone other than her companion.” Jerry made a few notes.
“Good idea. We’ll re-interview their closest friends.” Nate nodded at Jerry. “Though you’ll probably have better luck getting close to them while you’re undercover.”
“What, you think there’s some sort of club, or local hangout, for mistresses?” Dylan laughed.
“No, smartass, but Jerry will be new in town. She’ll need to join a yoga class, frequent the same spa, or whatever it is these women do all day.”
“Yoga. Yuck.” Jerry made a face. “I could get behind spa visits, though. It’s been awhile since I’ve been pampered. This assignment may not be so bad after all.” 
“You’d better hope that none of the besties are into dancing. I’ve seen your moves.” Dylan nudged Jerry with his toe.
“Besties? What are you, thirteen? And, I’ll have you know, I can cut a rug with the best of them. You’re just jealous that I’ll be spending my days with the ladies who lunch, while you’ll be hitting the pavement, or twiddling your thumbs on surveillance.” Jerry sneered at him, but he missed it. 
“Cut a rug? What are you, sixty?” Dylan chuckled, but still didn’t open his eyes. He knew that keeping them closed would only make Jerry more aggravated. “Besides, I’d much rather investigate Casanova than attend fancy-schmancy parties, or work on my tan.” Dylan peeked at Jerry beneath his lashes, smiling at the thundercloud covering her face.
“At least I’ve got sense enough to fit into those fancy-schmancy parties. It’s a good thing Interpol is sending their own agent, maybe now we won’t blow the cover.” Jerry sniped.
Nate was accustomed to Dylan and Jerry’s back and forth. It was easy for him to ignore their banter as he scanned the remaining contents of the police files. There seemed to be a lot of information missing, either by a transmission mistake, or through shoddy police work. Surely the locals interviewed more than one neighbor, and one friend, of the first two victims. He made a mental note to request the complete files when they landed. 
“Okay, if we assume the victims go with him willingly, and are comfortable being close to him, then he’s either part of their social circle, or he meets them through their daily activities.” Nate tapped his fingers on the armrest.
“He could be anything from a valet at a restaurant they frequent, to the guy installing their cable.” Dylan sat up and reached for his laptop. “We should check for any overlap during the last month of their lives.”
“Sure, check, but I doubt that a woman who’s living a life of luxury, courtesy of one man, would be willing to risk that falling apart for the cable guy.” Jerry knew in her gut that she was right. “However, she might be willing to trade up.”
Dylan and Nate both looked at her. 
“Trade up?” Nate voiced their common question.
“Sure. Better looking, more money, maybe even marriage material, so she can get the whole enchilada, not just the peripheral pocket change.” Jerry considered her theory before continuing. “Maybe our guy is not only part of her circle, but the crème of the crop. Or at least he’s making it appear so, to her.”
“So, the unsub infiltrates her world, entices her to date him with a bigger bank account and his single, ready for marriage status, then goes in for the kill. Literally.” Dylan nodded his head. “I like it, it fits.”
“It’s definitely a possibility.” Nate agreed. “We’ll know more when we get Interpol’s profile.” Nate stroked his chin absently, a sure tell that he was in deep thought. “That scenario also fits the unsub’s European moniker, Casanova Killer. You may be onto something, Jerry.”
“Based on that theory, I think we should extend the age range of the standard profile, in a case like this, from a white male in his mid-to-late thirties, to one in his mid-to-late fifties.” Dylan stretched his long legs into the aisle. 
“Agreed.” Nate nodded. Jerry typed as Nate continued. “We know that his signature here is the same as for his kills in Europe. Selecting victims with similar physical characteristics, leaving them in plain sight in remote locations, killing them with a left to right slash across the throat, and his socio-economic preferences are the primary factors that led Barnes to believe he’s relocated to San Francisco.”
“He’s either simulating wealth, or he is wealthy. If he’s playing a role, the props for that lifestyle are not cheap. He’d need a lucrative source of income, just to buy the wardrobe and transportation to pull it off.” Jerry stopped typing and considered the situation. “His source of funds could be from other criminal activities. I mean if your passion is killing, then what’s to stop you from robbery or dealing drugs?”
“Barnes may shed more light on that, but it’s a valid point. We’ve caught more than one serial by following the money trail.” Nate nodded. “But if he’s dealing, it’s high end. I doubt we’ll find this one on the street corner.”
“That brings up another point. How sure is Interpol that his first kills are the three in London? It’s rare for a serial to start off without leaving a trace. He could have begun with prostitutes, or other high-risk victims, in order to perfect his craft.” Dylan yawned and stretched.
“Surely they thought of that.” Jerry commented. “It’s textbook profiling.”
“I’m not so sure Interpol is big on psychological profiling. They’re more into following concrete leads than insolating character traits and tracing patterns.” Nate answered.
“No wonder they haven’t caught him yet.” Jerry mumbled. “What do you know about Barnes?”
“Not much. He’s based in London and he’s been with Interpol for eight years, primarily undercover. That’s it, other than the fact that he’s already established a cover we can use.”
“Speaking of, what about my cover?” Jerry asked.
“You have a bay front condo, very posh, I might add.” Nate grinned at her raised eyebrows. “A personal shopper is filling your closet as we speak. You’re all set to be the perfect pampered princess.”
“Sounds great, do I get to keep the clothes?” Jerry looked hopeful.
“Not hardly. We’re doing this on San Francisco’s dime. They’re very eager to put this to rest sooner, rather than later.” 
“Serial killers don’t exactly inspire tourist traffic,” Dylan scoffed, “but this one is so specific, that the average person is exempt.” 
“His target victim pool is one of the reasons we have such a large budget on this assignment. Who do you think donates to the arts, and helps make the city what it is, in order to attract the tourists?  The people he’s targeting. Don’t forget that two of the victims had married lovers. The killer’s actions caused an investigation that put a serious kink in their extracurricular activities.”
“So, our investigation is also funded, in part, by an element of the elite private sector.” Jerry grinned. “Somehow, that makes me happy.”
“Hey, you play, you pay.” Dylan quipped.
Nate ignored his remark. “You’ll also have a limo at your disposal. The driver is one of ours from the San Francisco office. That way, you’ll have backup when Barnes isn’t around.”
“If our theory holds, the killer will likely make contact when I’m alone. Do we know the three victim’s routines?”
“Jimmy’s working on it. Only two of the women had a driver, the third drove herself around. He’s pulling the GPS info for the month before her death, to try and establish some sort of routine. He should have something for us by the time we land.”
“I still can’t believe the agency hired someone so young for tech support. What is he, twelve?” Dylan had been waiting for the newbie to screw up, but so far his support had been invaluable. 
“Age is just a number, old man.” Jerry teased. “Besides, Jimmy’s legal, barely, and he’s a helluva lot better than the last tech guy they gave us.”
“True, but he still seems too young for the job.”
“You’re just jealous that you didn’t graduate from MIT when you were eighteen.” Jerry poked Dylan’s outstretched leg with her toe.
Dylan rolled his eyes at her, then continued. “Maybe it’s not the women he’s targeting, as much as the men. Jimmy should look for overlaps in their lives as well.”
“He’s doing it as we speak.” Nate commented, pleased that Dylan made the connection. These two were the best of the best, in spite of their constant back-and-forth nonsense. He was proud to have them on his team.
“Doesn’t seem like there’s anything we can do until we land.” Dylan moved to a seat at the back of the plane. “Wake me when we get there.”

Chapter Three

Ethan Barnes flashed the flight attendant his most charming smile as he exited the plane. It was habit, more than a conscious effort to captivate, even though the effect was decidedly beguiling.
Ethan’s rakish good looks, and slightly dangerous swagger, were never wasted on any female who crossed his path. He looked a bit like he’d just stepped off the cover of a decadent romance novel, complete with longish black hair, and muscles rippling beneath his tailored shirt. Accustomed to the attention, Ethan had learned to take the unwanted admiration in stride.
Stepping into the early morning haze that hovered over the bay, he was suddenly grateful for the side benefits of his wealthy playboy cover, specifically the sleek black town car propping up the driver, holding a sign that read, “Ethan Bennett,” his cover for the assignment. Exhausted from the thirteen hour flight, he was in no mood to try and navigate an unfamiliar city during rush hour. 
Handing his bag to the driver, with a nod in lieu of a handshake, he slid into the backseat. Momentarily surprised to find it occupied by a lanky stranger, holding a steaming mug of something that smelled like heaven, he quickly regrouped and held out his hand. 
“You must be Nate.” The stranger took his hand, nearly crushing it, until Ethan gave back as good as he got.
“Dylan Dawes. Nate’s busy coordinating with the locals. Nice to meet you, Barnes.” Dylan had studied the man’s profile, so he knew what to expect, but the agency photo did not capture the aloof, I’m-so-much-better-than-you attitude of the man who climbed into the car.
The expression on the stranger’s face belied his words. His scowl told Ethan that he’d taken his measure, and he’d somehow come up lacking. 
“Pleasure. Are you with the FBI?”
“SSCD, Special Serial Crimes Division.” Dylan took pity on the foreign pretty boy and handed him a coffee. “It’s black, cream and sugar are in the bag.” He tossed a paper bag across the seat, silently amused when Ethan missed it.
“Thanks. Didn’t get much sleep on the plane.” Ethan read the other man’s disapproval and accepted it. Men didn’t immediately warm to him. Whether he inspired fear, jealousy, or something in between, he was used to a chilly reception from his male counterparts. He wondered briefly which part of his person the surly man sitting across from him objected to the most. 
Ignoring Dylan’s continued assessment, Ethan prepared his coffee with three sugars and two creams. The man would come around eventually. Or not. At the moment, he couldn’t care less about Dylan Dawes’ opinion. He only wanted to solve this case, before another woman was killed.
The driver eased away from the curve before lowering the privacy glass between the front and back seats. Ethan, eyebrows raised, looked questioningly at Dylan.
“That’s Rodney, he’s one of us. He’ll be one of your drivers, as well as part of your back-up team.”
“Nice to meet you, Rodney.” Ethan nodded at the man wearing the chauffer’s cap. “Any news on the case?” He asked both men.
“No news on Casanova, and no new victims. Jerry’s set up at the condo, she’s your undercover partner. We have a video conference scheduled with Nate and the team in thirty minutes.”
“Is Jerry local FBI, or is she SSCD?”
“SSCD, one of the best.” Dylan’s scowl deepened as he leveled his eyes at Ethan.
Ethan read the warning shot from Dawes’ expression. So, that was the problem, he thought. They were a couple and Dawes’ didn’t like the idea of Ethan barging in on his territory. It was jealousy that prompted his mistrust.
“Good to know. She’ll have to be, to catch this guy. He’s slick.” Ethan sipped his coffee, glancing out the window at the majestic span of orange metal in the distance. He’d always planned to visit San Francisco, but for pleasure, not business. Still, the city made a good first impression.
“We’re anxious to hear what you know about him, the file was pretty slim.” Dylan studied the ease with which Barnes lounged on the plush leather as he surveyed the city. Slick was exactly the word he would use, and not just for Casanova.
“That’s because there’s not much to report. The guy’s a ghost.” Ethan preferred to give the details to everyone at once, no need to repeat himself, just to satisfy Dylan Dawes.
“And you’re sure that we’re after the same unsub.” Dylan’s statement was more of a question.
“Looks like. The signature is the same. His trail went cold in Italy two months ago.” Ethan settled back into his seat. “Tell me about Jerry. What does she look like?”
Son of a bitch, Dylan thought, we’re chasing a serial and this one wants a little something on the side. Well, not if he had anything to say about it. The last thing Jerry needed was Pretty Boy Slick to mess with her head. Holding his tongue, but determined to warn Jerry, he responded simply. 
“She fits the profile.”
“Tall, brunette, gorgeous? Hard to imagine an FBI agent that looks like that. No offense, but all of the blokes I’ve met from your agency are more nondescript. By blokes, I mean female agents as well.” Ethan enjoyed the anger that flitted across Dylan’s face, but he couldn’t say why.
“You won’t have to imagine it for long. We’re nearly there.” Dylan did not rise to the other man’s bait. Hiding a smirk, he thought that he probably wouldn’t have to say anything to Jerry. She would see straight through this asshat.

Chapter Four


Jerry snapped the laptop closed after perusing Ethan Barnes’s profile for the tenth time. The man’s background gave her confidence in his abilities, but there was much more to being a partner than the blurbs and highlights captured in a personnel file. If he looked anything like his profile picture, Jerry knew she would have no trouble pretending to be enamored with him. 
Pictures and recommendations aside, Jerry’s biggest concern was that he would not respect her as an equal. Without fail, every male the agency had partnered her with, had assumed that her biggest asset was her looks. She invariably spent the first few weeks proving that her appearance took a backseat to her sharp mind and her skills in the field. Trouble was, she didn’t have weeks to prove her abilities to Barnes. They needed to hit the ground working as a team, if they had a prayer of stopping Casanova before he killed another woman. 
 Jerry glanced at the oversized clock hanging above the onyx bar top. They should be here any minute. Her gaze touched on the opulent furnishings that filled the expansive living area, before landing on the incredible vista of the bay and the city. The fifteenth-floor, corner condo was wrapped in floor-to-ceiling glass. She could easily get lost in the views, as well as the luxuriously appointed, and slightly intimidating, living spaces. Her humble upbringing, and modest government salary, had not prepared her to live in such lavish elegance, in the heart of Nob Hill. Part of her was afraid she would get used to it.  
The soft chime of the doorbell signaled her new partner’s arrival. Jerry smoothed her hands over crisp linen pants, took a deep breath, and made her way to the door. Pasting on a smile that she hoped was welcoming and confident, she opened the door.
Interpol’s profile picture did not prepare her for the flesh-and-blood Adonis standing in the hall. Words of greeting lodged in her throat and her pulse rate soared, as she stood, and stared at, the most gorgeous man she’d ever met. 
“What’s the matter, Jer, cat got your tongue?” Dylan smirked as he came up behind Ethan. “You gonna let us in?”
“Of course,” Jerry found her composure and stepped aside, allowing the two men to enter. 
“Jerry Forbes, Ethan Barnes.” Dylan made the introduction on his way to the kitchen, leaving Jerry standing with her hand on the doorknob, and Ethan standing just inside the doorway, gripping a suitcase in each hand.
“Come in, please.” Jerry swept her arm in an unconscious gesture of welcome, without removing her eyes from his piercing, green gaze. He seemed to look straight through her. Jerry felt a shiver run down her spine, but tried not to show it. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Ethan.”
“Likewise, I’m sure.” Grateful that the speech portion of his brain managed to function on auto-pilot, Ethan couldn’t seem to take his eyes off of the vision standing before him. In a split second, he clearly understood the meaning of the phrase “struck by lightning.” Tall and slender, with thick waves of caramel hair falling over both shoulders, Jerry Forbes stood nearly as tall as he, with sparkling blue eyes, shot with spears of green, set wide apart in a face that he could only think of as angelic. When her perfectly shaped eyebrows lifted in a silent question, Ethan realized that he’d been standing in the doorway, staring like a dumbstruck fool. 
“Thank you,” he murmured and stepped into the room, placing both cases on the shiny hardwoods. Stepping forward, he held out his hand.
Jerry still had not managed to look away from his intense gaze. From out of the blue, she imagined curling up against him on a rainy day, resting her head on his chest as his arms closed around her. She took his hand without hesitation, but as soon as their fingers touched, the comforting image morphed into one filled with white-hot passion that nearly took her breath away.
Ethan saw the flash of heat that deepened the blue, and brightened the green, in her eyes. He was having trouble masking his own reaction. Touching Jerry was like reaching his hand into a flame.
“You guys gonna stand there all day?” Dylan came from the kitchen, coffee and muffin in hand. “Nice digs, Jer. Damn site better than the Motel 6 we stayed in last week. What a dump.” 
Dylan’s voice startled Jerry from her fantasy. She quickly retrieved her hand. “So glad you approve. Ethan, would you like coffee?”
“I would, thanks. What a spectacular view.” Flashing a smile that sent Jerry’s pulse into overdrive, Ethan moved to the windows. 
“Stunning, isn’t it? Wait until you see it at night.” Jerry busied herself making coffee, and arranging a plate of pastries. “Dylan, will Nate be joining us?”
“Not in person. We’ll video conference when Barnes is ready to share.” Dylan propped his feet on the pewter and glass coffee table. 
“I’m ready.” Ethan ignored the barely disguised sneer in the other man’s voice, and joined Jerry at the dinette table. 
Dylan reached for the television remote, pressed a few buttons on his hand-held computer, and within seconds, Nate appeared on the oversized wall monitor.
“Nate Banks, meet Ethan Barnes.” Dylan leaned back against the plush sofa, determined to take full advantage of the luxury while it was available.
Ethan raised his coffee cup to Nate. “Pleasure. Thanks for letting me join your investigation.”
Nate nodded, appreciating the fact that Barnes respected his position, even though both men knew that the decision to bring him in was out of Nate’s hands. 
“Glad you could join us. Morning Jerry. How’s everything?”
“Couldn’t be better, Boss.” She knew Nate was really asking if she was comfortable with Ethan. 
“Good. Okay, Barnes, tell us what you know.”
“You have the file, so you know the basics.” Ethan began. “As far as we know, Casanova began killing in Central London, ten months ago.” 
Jerry listened attentively as Ethan recapped the basics, adding his impressions of the killer, and outlining Interpol’s efforts for identifying Casanova. She was captivated by his melodious tone and lilting accent, despite the horrendous crimes he was describing. As he spoke, she tried to place his home country without success. His speech contained hints of Australia, with an overtone of something exotic. As his file had not included background information, prior to his joining Interpol, she’d just have to find out on her own.
“So, you’ve been mingling with the rich and famous, hoping this guy will fall in your lap. Meanwhile, he jumped over here and started killing our women.” Dylan knew he sounded surly, but he didn’t care. Ethan Barnes rubbed him the wrong way.
“Not exactly, but I can understand why you might take that approach.” Ethan remained unruffled, smoothly turning Dylan’s insult back on him. “His last victim, Carolina Agave, was one of my informants. I approached her because she fit his profile to the letter, and I wanted her to be on guard.” Ethan lowered his eyes and took a sip of cold coffee. “The night before she was killed, she left me a message describing a new man, who had struck up a conversation with her, that evening, at a local nightclub. Her lover had not accompanied her, she was out with a few friends.” 
Ethan paused briefly and took a deep breath. No one interrupted him. “I didn’t get the message until the next day. As soon as I received it, I called round to her flat. According to a watchful neighbor, and a very hungry cat, she had not come home at all from the night before. We found her the next day, on the cliffs, just outside the city.”
“What was the description?” Nate asked.
“Tall, 6’3” or 6’4”, she thought. Caucasian, blond hair and dark brown eyes. British accent, but he looked like a Nordic God. Her words, not mine.”
“That’s something to go on, at least, but he could easily change both his hair, and his eye color, if he thinks you’re onto him.” Jerry could tell that Ethan was disturbed by the story. Every instinct called for her to reach out to him, but she refrained.
“He knew we were onto him, all right.” Ethan’s eyes darkened in anger. “Best we can figure, he overheard her leaving the message. She disappeared from the club, shortly after making the call, according to her friends, none of whom saw the man she met.” Ethan took another deep breath and continued. “From everything we know about his other kills, she was the only one he didn’t romance, for at least a week, before the murder. She also had defensive wounds on her arms. She put up a fight.”
“What about surveillance at the club?” Dylan asked.
“It was ultra-private, no surveillance whatsoever.”
“If he overheard her phone call, he could track it from her cell. How do you know you’re not made?” Nate leaned closer to the screen, his face filling the monitor.
“We used a disposable phone, I believe you call them burner phones. To answer your next question, I spoke with her, but she actually only ever met my partner. Any description she might have given him was of a petite, blond female she met at the gym.”
“Where’s your partner now?” Dylan narrowed his eyes when he looked at Ethan.
“She’s now a redhead on assignment in Ireland. We rarely work with the same team on consecutive cases.” Ethan explained. “She left the Riviera before we found Carolina’s body. I stayed for another month, but he never resurfaced anywhere in Europe.”
Jerry warmed Ethan’s coffee, then passed him a muffin. “We’d already concluded that he romances his victims, but we don’t know if he exclusively selects mistresses. Is any wealthy brunette traveling in these elevated social circles fair game, or does he enjoy the power of taking another man’s woman?” 
“Thanks.” Ethan smiled. “I can’t say what he enjoys, but all of his victims have been in an exclusive relationship with a very wealthy, often married, man. I understand that the same holds true here.”
“Yes,” Jerry began. “Two of the local victim’s companions are married, the other is just filthy rich.”
“If he knows that the authorities were onto him in Europe, wouldn’t any new player with an accent, raise a red flag in San Francisco?” Dylan directed his question to Nate.
“Possibly, but wealthy Europeans visit the city all the time. Casanova would need more information in order to make Ethan as an agent.” Nate quickly scanned a file. “Besides, his cover story is impeccable. What prompted you to spend the last few weeks in Greece? Did you have any leads at all?” Nate asked Ethan.
“No leads, but I wanted to maintain my cover. I also spent time in Paris, prior to sailing the Mediterranean. I knew the bastard would resurface, I just didn’t think it would be in the states.”
“His coming here is probably your best chance to catch him. It’s obvious that whatever you were doing in Europe wasn’t working.” Dylan stared at Ethan, practically daring him to argue.
Jerry shot Dylan a pointed look, designed to get him to back off. “What Dylan means is that we work a little differently than Interpol. SSCD teams are trained to create a profile of the killer based on victimology, personality, and other identifying characteristics, such as their signature. Profiles help us reduce the number of available suspects, and sometimes, predict an unsub’s next move.”
“The psychology of the killer is just as important to your group as the who, what, when, where and how.” Ethan nodded. “I can see where that would be helpful. Have you profiled Casanova?”
“Partially. The socio-economic patterns of his victims tell us that he’s accustomed to wealth, either through his business relationships, or his own social network. My guess is that he visibly has all the trappings; flashy car, nice clothes, and so on, or these women would not risk their current relationships. He’s educated, intelligent, and has the social skills necessary to fit in with the lifestyle.”
“From everything we’ve learned so far, I’d say you were spot on. As adept as he is in infiltrating his victims’ social circles, he’s equally savvy about avoiding surveillance cameras or meeting friends of his targets.”
“It’s hard to believe that, in this age of candid camera, he could be invisible.” Dylan stood, stretched, and headed for more coffee.
“Just another indicator that he has enough money at his disposal to change his appearance, his vehicles, and his home base, at will. Add to that the fact that we discovered the bodies of most of his victims, long after he killed them. Any surveillance vids available were either erased, or destroyed, in the meantime. The only two exceptions are Carolina, and the woman found on the cliffs, two days ago, Jenna.” Ethan ran his hand through his hair. “All of the victims here have been discovered more quickly than his other kills, except Carolina. If we’ve any chance at surveillance footage, I’d say we work backwards, starting with Jenna Pierce.”
“We’re already on it. For a socialite, Jenna led a relatively quiet life, from the bits and pieces we’ve unearthed so far. Her companion, John Meadows, had taken his family on two-week vacation in the South of France. He returns home tomorrow. I spoke with him earlier this morning, but he knew little of Jenna’s daily routine. Our tech department is going over her credit card statements to try and form a pattern of her activities.”
Jerry stood and began to pace, a sure sign that the wheels were turning. Ethan watched as she moved along the span of windows, openly admiring the unconscious grace with which she moved. 
“Three kills in less than a month doesn’t leave a lot of time for romancing his victims, even if he’s working more than one at a time. He’d have to stalk them before hand, at least a little, to find the perfect intro into their lives.” Jerry had no idea of the picture she made as she paced.
“He did disappear for two months. He could have been stalking them during that time, now he’s picking them off, one by one.” Dylan added as he surreptitiously watched Ethan watch Jerry. He didn’t like the gleam in the other man’s eye.
“You think he made a list, now he’s working it? It’s plausible, but that means that he could strike again, sooner than we initially calculated.” Nate’s phone buzzed as he spoke.
“I’d say the scenario is more than plausible, it’s highly likely. Serials do not typically go dormant, unless they’re dead or in prison. He had to be getting his kicks, even if he was only planning, and stalking.” Jerry stopped and looked out the window, in the direction of the bridge. “Stalking and creating a list could also be part of his process. How sure are you that he was in London for the entire six months when the bodies were found?” She turned to face Ethan. “Could he have already been on the Riviera, stalking his next group?”
“Absolutely, even if he flew over for a few days at a time. It’s only a little over one thousand kilometers between Portofino and London. The four bodies were strewn on the cliffs between Portofino and San Remo, but he met Carolina in a Portofino night club, so we think that was his base.”
“If this holds true, he’s already “dating” his next victim, maybe even the next two.” Jerry started pacing again. “We need to get me on that list.”
“Jimmy should have a game plan for us by lunch today. Dylan, I need you to begin re-interviewing friends and neighbors. Check your email for the list.” Nate looked straight at Ethan, but spoke to Jerry. “Jerry, you and Ethan spend the morning getting to know each other. When you appear in public, you have to be convincing.”
Ethan read between the lines of Nate’s message. ‘Hands Off, Keep it Professional’ came through loud and clear. Jerry didn’t seem to notice the innuendo, so Ethan nodded once at Nate to show he understood. What in the hell did these Americans think he was? Ethan thought. Between Dylan’s barely disguised animosity, and Nate’s private warning, the two men must think him as bad as Casanova.
“Will do, Boss. Thanks.” Jerry smiled at Nate’s face on the monitor as she turned. 
Dylan switched off the television and searched his email for names and addresses. “Looks like I’ll be in the neighborhood most of the day. Call me if you need anything.” He, too, addressed Jerry but stared at Ethan. 
“Sure, sure. We’ll be fine. Come back by for lunch, if you like. The fridge is stocked.” Jerry stopped pacing long enough to say goodbye to Dylan. 
“I may do that. Barnes.” Dylan’s unsmiling nod was a warning in itself. 
Ethan was glad to see the man go. His attitude was beginning to get under his skin. After a long flight, and even longer few months, being scrutinized by Dylan Dawes was the last thing he needed. Turning his attention to Jerry, he leaned back, letting himself admire the focus and energy she was already devoting to this case. He could practically see her brain spinning as her long legs ate up the floor. Ethan’s mind was moving almost as fast as Jerry’s appeared to be, only his thoughts centered on her, not the case. 
Damn, had he ever seen such a beautifully enigmatic creature? Everything about her spoke of quality, but he’d sensed the fire inside of her. Hell, he’d almost been burned by it. 
Remembering the touch of her skin, he felt his own begin to tingle. What the hell was happening to him? No wonder Dawes and Nate were protective of her. If every man who met her had the same reaction he did, she had to be one special woman. 
And what about Dawes? He’d assumed that Dylan’s attitude was due to him and Jerry being a couple, but they sure didn’t act like it. He’d never touched her, hardly ever looked at her, the whole time he’d been here. Could it be that they were just friends and partners, not lovers? 
“Tell me about the women in Europe.” Jerry’s demand broke through his musings, none too soon as far as he was concerned. He didn’t like the direction his thoughts were traveling.
“What would you like to know?” He focused on her eyes; they were back to a bright shade of blue with hints of green, totally clear as she stopped and looked into his.
“How did they dress, how did they wear their hair, how did they carry themselves?” Jerry began pacing again. “Were they classy, slutty or something in-between?”
“Primarily classy, but not stuffy. Their wardrobes were the edgy side of couture; I guess you’d say they dressed appropriately for their age. Each of the women had long brown hair, similar to yours.” But nowhere near as beautiful, he thought. “Each woman was strikingly beautiful, as are you.”  Ethan stopped before he said too much. He wouldn’t have her thinking he was already smitten, even if he did feel like a love-struck puppy.
Jerry blushed, but turned away from him to hide it. He thinks I’m beautiful, she thought, then swiftly brushed the thought away. She knew she was beautiful, hadn’t her looks been a curse for as long as she could remember? No one took her seriously growing up, she’d been fending off unwanted male attraction for as long as she could remember. Shuddering slightly, she pushed those thoughts away as well.  
“What did they do all day?” She asked. “When they weren’t busy entertaining their companions?”
“They were all incredibly fit, but none belonged to the same gym, or used the same personal trainer. Aside from keeping themselves beautiful, they shopped.”
“That’s it? No charity work, no hobbies, just shopping?” Jerry’s look of incredulity made him laugh.
“That’s about it. Though they surely had other interests, but none that we’ve uncovered. One woman in England liked to paint, but for the most part they pampered themselves, when they weren’t trying to maintain their beauty.” Ethan stood, gathered the coffee cups, and went to the kitchen. “What would you do if you were in their shoes?”
“I am in their shoes, sort of. But to answer your question, I would have to find some other way to stay busy. Maybe I’d travel.”
“Not possible. Part of her job description is 24-7 availability. When he calls, she’s there.” Ethan came back in the room and moved to stand at the window, near Jerry.
“You’re right. Okay then, I would at least find a hobby. Not painting, I can’t draw a straight line if my life depended on it. I love to read, so I could do that for part of the day. Maybe I’d take up needlepoint, or beading, or gardening. Who knows? I can’t imagine not being productive in some way.” Jerry glanced at Ethan, noticing that he’d stepped closer to her. 
“No idle hands for you, then?” His voice was softer than before, probably because he was suddenly so close. 
“No. What are you doing?” Jerry turned to face him, but didn’t step away. She believed in holding her ground, but she doubted she could move, even if she wanted to.
“You heard Nate. We have to get comfortable with each other before we go out in public.” He stepped even closer, tilting her chin up with one long finger. “I think I’ll kiss you,” he murmured, his eyes boring into hers.
“You think you’ll…” Jerry’s words disappeared as his lips met hers, gently, sweetly, with barely an ounce of pressure. As quickly as he touched her, he pulled back. His eyes, softer now, were nearly covered with long black lashes. Instantly dizzy, Jerry braced her hands on his waist to keep from falling. 
“Did you mind?” His eyes were smiling now, almost as if he could see the erotic images racing through her mind.
“Only if you stop,” she told him and raised her lips to his. It’s just a kiss, she told herself, even as he folded her in his arms, taking them both deeper. Swirls of light filled her head, competing with the fireworks she swore she heard in the background. 

Chapter Five

“What time is he picking you up?” Kim’s voice came through the speaker as Sonja placed the phone on her dressing table.
“He said one, so I have to hurry. He’s always so punctual.” She began smoothing moisturizer on her face.
“Must be a British thing. Charlie couldn’t be on time if the house was on fire.” Kim sighed. “Where are you going today?”
“He said to dress for an outdoor adventure, and to wear comfortable shoes, but he wouldn’t tell me where we’re going. There’re so many hiking trails around here that it could be anything.” Sonja inspected her nails as she waited for the moisturizer to soak into her face. 
“When’s Randall coming home? Aren’t you worried that he’ll find out about your English suitor, Mr. Wonderful?” Kim giggled.
“He’ll be back on Friday, so I’m not worried. Besides, he’ll have to make nice with Charlotte before he sees me.” Satisfied that she could get by without a touch-up, she dropped her hands, and began applying color to her eyelids. 
“I know how that is. Charlie used to come straight to me, but now he always placates his wife first. Doesn’t matter to me, as long as he pays the bills.” Kim laughed.
“I hear that.” Sonja’s laugh was like a child’s; high-pitched and free. “If I play my cards right with Oscar, I’ll be the one in the big house.”
“Oscar. Who names their child Oscar?” Kim asked.
“Old money, baby, that’s who. It’s a family name, handed down for generations to the first-born son. Along with all of that lovely green stuff. Or gold. Or whatever.” Sonja applied her face like a pro. Within minutes she stared back at the improved version in the dressing mirror. “He makes me feel like a princess. I really do like him, so much,” she confided.
“You’re so lucky. Finding a young, rich, gorgeous man who isn’t already taken, or gay, is such a coup. When do I get to meet him, and does he have any friends?” 
“I know, right? It’s such a pleasure to be with someone close to my own age, no little blue pills for Oscar!” Sonja’s laugh rang through the phone line, sounding more genuine than she felt. Truth was, Oscar had not made a move towards the bedroom, but she couldn’t tell Kim that. His steamy kisses told her how attractive he found her, but that was the extent of their physical relationship. Perhaps today would be the day he took it to the next level. “Sorry, babe, I’ve gotta bolt. He’ll be here any minute, and I need to get dressed.”
“Have a great time, call me tomorrow!” Kim enthused.
“Thanks, I will. Say hi to Charlie for me. Remember, you can’t say a word to him, or anyone, about Oscar. I can’t risk Randall hearing about us before I’m ready to tell him.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t spoil your fun. Just remember your friends when you land the whale.” 
Sonja giggled. “From your lips.”

Chapter Six

“I can’t imagine why anyone would want to go out in public in this getup.” Jerry grumbled walking into the great room of her Nob Hill condo. “I look like a rainbow Popsicle.” She pulled the colorful leotard higher on her shoulders.
Both men stared as she entered the room, Dylan’s sandwich poised halfway to his mouth, and Ethan’s coffee cup suspended in midair. Dylan found his voice first.
“I can tell you why, you look amazing. Make sure you wear a coat, or else you’ll stop traffic.” Dylan grinned at Jerry’s blush.
“Yes, ummm, yes.” Ethan’s tongue wouldn’t work, and his thoughts were all jumbled. Seeing Jerry dressed in a body sculpting leotard and matching tights nearly caused his heart to stop. 
“Shouldn’t there be more to it than this? I’m doing yoga, not ballet.” Self-conscious, but determined not to show it, Jerry moved towards the kitchen. “What’s wrong with a decent pair of sweats? I can downward dog with the best of them, just fine, in my old clothes.”
“Check the dresser, there should be coordinating pants.” Dylan told her, then went back to his sandwich. “Katherine took yoga.” He answered Jerry’s unspoken question.
“Thanks, I’ll look after I eat. How is the ex, by the way? You haven’t mentioned her lately.” Jerry went about preparing her lunch.
“Things are good. We’re finally on speaking terms again. How about bringing some chips to the table when you come.” 
Jerry grabbed a bag from the stocked pantry and joined the men. Ethan was looking everywhere but at her.
“That’s good. What’s it been, three years since the divorce?” Jerry handed Dylan the chips.
“Something like that.” Tearing open the bag, he chose to change the subject. “So, yoga this afternoon, then an appointment at the salon. Sounds exhausting.” He grinned.
“Bite me. So what did you find out this morning?”
“Not much. The neighbors were useless. Apparently, people keep to themselves around here. The latest victim, Jenna, had a doorman. I’m meeting him this afternoon. He’s been on vacation since she disappeared, the cops haven’t even talked to him yet. Maybe he can shed some light.”
“Doormen can be excellent sources. Bring cash.” Ethan finally found his voice. 
“Got it covered.” Dylan nodded, then attacked his lunch.
“You’re not eating?” Jerry asked Ethan. Since their searing kiss earlier, they had both been careful not to touch the other. She wondered if it had affected him, as much as it had affected her. The kiss cemented their chemistry, no one would doubt they were a couple. They had spent most of their free time chatting, getting to know likes and dislikes that meant nothing to the case, but everything to their supposed romance. Jerry liked knowing that he loved dogs, enjoyed reading, and played rugby. She’d also found that opening up to him about her own life was effortless. 
“Not yet, I’ll get something later. My body thinks it’s in Europe.” His answering smile warmed her heart, and made her toes curl, just a little. 
“Sorry, forgot. Nate asked me to tell you that you’ve got eight o’clock reservations for dinner tonight, at Quincette.” Dylan noticed the energy change between Jerry and Ethan, and wondered if she was taken in by the slick bastard. He made a mental note to talk to her later.
“Thanks. Any particular reason for that restaurant?” Jerry asked.
“Nope, just that it’s high end, and popular among the beautiful people.” Dylan grinned at her again. “I’m sure you’ll fit right in.”
“The idea is for us to be seen, we’ll be dining out a lot in the next few days. It’s better if we have drinks at one location, then move on to another for dinner. We can cover more ground that way. We should also attend the opera one night, and obtain an invitation to any important events in the next week.” Ethan snagged a chip from Jerry’s plate.
“That shouldn’t be too difficult, considering the city is rolling out the red carpet for our investigation. I’m sure Nate is already working on it.” Jerry slid a sideways look at Ethan, imagining how he would look in a tux. She couldn’t wait. “Is there anyone in particular that I should make friends with in the yoga class? Nate’s text was pretty generic.”
“I’m not sure. Rodney may have more info. He’s with the local office, and will be your driver this afternoon.” Dylan picked up his empty plate and headed for the kitchen. Keep your phone handy, I’ll let you know if the doorman knows anything.” Turning to face Ethan, Dylan continued. “Why don’t you hang here, get some shut-eye. You look like you could use it.”
“Thanks, I think I will.” Ethan took Dylan’s comment in stride and didn’t rise to the bait. “Let me know if you find out anything.”

~~~

Within minutes of Dylan and Jerry leaving the condo, Ethan crashed on top of the bed. Dreams of a certain caramel-haired beauty peppered his sleep, until the insistent buzzing of his phone broke through.
“Yeah.” He muttered into the phone.
“Sorry to disturb your beauty sleep, Barnes, but I thought you’d want to hear this.” Dylan’s voice boomed through the phone, jarring Ethan awake. Glancing at the clock, he realized that he’d only been sleeping an hour.
“What’ve you got?” He asked.
“The doorman remembers a man in a red Maserati Gran Turismo convertible picking Jenna up a few times last week. He never saw his face, but the car was unforgettable. Brand new, custom rims, with black interior.”
“That should narrow down the suspect pool. How many red Maserati convertibles could there be in this city?”
“You’d be surprised, but we’re on it. Question is, is our guy stupid enough to keep driving that car, after Jenna’s body was found? I doubt it.”
“Casanova is definitely not stupid. Still, it’s a good lead.”
“It could be. Go back to sleep.” Dylan disconnected.

~~~

“That was intense.” Jerry struck up a conversation with the twenty-something, buxom, blond, standing next to her at the athletic club’s juice bar. The woman had managed the routine seamlessly, Jerry was a little envious of her flexibility. 
“Always is, Sinjen really knows his stuff.” The blonde smiled and struck a pose, one elbow on the bar.
“You were great. With your moves, you could be teaching the class.” Jerry assumed that flattery would ingratiate her into the woman’s world.
“Thanks. I’m here nearly every day, I should be good at it by now.” The blonde’s smile deepened, becoming more genuine. “I haven’t noticed you here before.”
“It’s my first time. I’m Jerry.” Jerry briefly wondered about the protocol for meeting after a yoga class, should she extend her hand? She opted for a relaxed pose, as both hands were filled.
“I’m Kim, nice to meet you.” Kim motioned to a nearby table. “Care to sit? I’m always so relaxed after class, standing is a chore.”
“Sure, thanks.” Jerry followed her to the small table. “I’m afraid I’ll be paying for the class tomorrow. It’s been awhile since I’ve stretched my body that way.” She laughed.
“Yeah, you’ll be paying for it.” Kim laughed. “Are you new in town, or just new to the club?”
“New in town. My friend has business in the area, so we’ll be here for at least six months. I couldn’t just shop, or sit home all day, you know? So, I joined the club.” Jerry slid easily into the role. “I mean, a girl’s gotta stay in shape, right?” She winked and hoped it looked natural.
“Definitely. I see my body as one of my biggest assets.” Kim sat up a little straighter. “Charlie, my friend, sees it that way too.” Kim laughed as she emphasized the word ‘friend.’
“I can see why. It definitely pays to stay in shape.” Jerry laughed, tossing her hair back.
“I’ll say. You seem to stay fit, what’s your secret, if it’s not yoga?” Kim felt an instant kinship with Jerry. They were obviously cut from the same cloth.
“I box, at least, I used to.” Jerry frowned slightly. “No, really,” she responded to Kim’s raised eyebrows. “It’s a great way to maintain all this,” she indicated her body with a sweep of her hand, “and release frustration at the same time.”
“That’s something I’ve never considered. Boxing. Why did you stop?” Kim was intrigued, she knew something about frustration.
“My sparring partner became too aggressive, and I got bruised. Ethan, my friend, didn’t like it. So I stopped.” Jerry tossed her hair again. “We moved here a week later. This is the first opportunity I’ve had to work out at all.” 
“We do have to keep our friends happy.” Kim smiled in sympathy. “You have beautiful hair, it reminds me of my friend, Sonja’s,” she added.
“Thanks. It’s a job keeping it long, but Ethan likes it. I’d have it short, like yours, if it were up to me.” Jerry preened a little, as was expected. “Does Sonja take classes here, too? I need to find a good stylist in the area, one who can deal with long hair.” 
“Yes, but she had other plans this afternoon. She’ll probably be here tomorrow. You can meet her then, if you come back.”
“If I can get out of bed, you mean.” Jerry laughed.
Kim looked at her watch, a white gold Rolex Cellini Cellissima. “Oops, I’ve gotta run. Charlie’s dropping by after work today. It was nice talking with you, Jerry. I hope you make it back tomorrow.” Kim’s smile was as genuine as the diamonds encircling her watch.
“Thanks, Kim, I’ll try. It was nice meeting you, too.” Jerry raised her orange juice and nodded, grateful that she didn’t wear her old, reliable Timex to class. As Kim left, Jerry found her phone and sent a text to Dylan, asking for an update. She hoped Ethan was sleeping; he’d looked dead on his feet when she’d left the condo.
While waiting for Dylan’s response, she sipped her juice and let her mind shift to the roller coaster ride of emotions she’d felt since meeting Ethan Barnes. To say that he was a surprise was a gross understatement. Up until that very morning, Jerry had secretly harbored a crush on Dylan. She was biding her time, until he seemed ready to move on, after his divorce. She knew how crazy it was to fall for a coworker, and she didn’t sit idly by, waiting for the phone to ring. She enjoyed dating, but thoughts of Dylan were always in the back of her mind. He was the measuring stick she used to judge all other men. Until this morning.
It occurred to her that she hadn’t compared Ethan to Dylan once. In fact, whatever romantic feelings she thought she had for Dylan, seemed to vanish, as soon as she opened the door to Ethan. Strange.
And that kiss, she thought, feeling an involuntary shudder race through her. That kiss was like nothing she’d ever experienced, and she’d kissed her fair share of men. “None who looked like that,” she muttered aloud. Her physical reaction to him had been startling, but the attraction had only deepened as she’d gotten to know him. 
He’d shared a little of his childhood, growing up on the Gold Coast of Australia. His father was a Diplomat, his mother was a pediatrician. Shades of loneliness had crept into his voice when he talked of being an only child, but they were soon overshadowed by the obvious love he felt for his family. “They gave me everything,” he’d said, “a solid foundation, education, travel, and most of all, their time. As busy as they were, I always knew that I came first.” Jerry envied him that, and had managed to quickly change the subject when he asked about her childhood. For some reason, she didn’t want to lie to Ethan, but she was also not ready to tell him the ugly truth, especially in the face of his idyllic upbringing.
Dylan’s detailed text came through, just as she rose to leave the club. A red Maserati, she read. Could Casanova be more conspicuous? Stepping outside into the damp day, she wished she could be investigating with Dylan, rather than going to a stupid nail appointment.
Rodney stood ready to open the back door of the shiny black town car. He looked as bored as she felt.
“Thanks,” she said and slid onto the cool luxury of the beige leather seats. 
“Home to change?” Rodney asked as he started the car.
“Nope, no time. They’ll have to take me as I am.” Luckily, Dylan had been right about the matching pants to the ridiculously colorful leotard. She’d also found a jacket to complete the camouflage. 
“Any luck?” Rodney was a man of few words.
“Maybe, I made a new friend who may have a friend fitting Casanova’s type. We’ll see tomorrow.” Jerry relaxed as Rodney maneuvered his way through the crowded streets. “What about you, see anyone interesting hanging around?”
“You mean did I see anyone driving a red Mas? No such luck. Nate thinks he’s stashed the car, too smart to drive it around now.”
“I agree with Nate. This guy’s no dummy, but doesn’t it seem odd to you that he would be so conspicuous in the first place? Most serials blend in; this guy is practically thumbing his nose at us. He’s either too cocky, or he has more than one luxury vehicle at his disposal.”
“Nate thinks he’s got a private garage somewhere. It’s the only way he could disappear in the city. Traffic cams are everywhere.” Rodney brought the car to a smooth stop in front of a trendy-looking salon. 
“Too trendy.” Jerry wrinkled her nose in distaste as she waited for him to open the door. “Back in an hour or so,” she told him with an apologetic smile. She knew that one of the worst things a good agent could experience was downtime. She could tell that Rodney was not a fan of being a glorified bodyguard.
“I’ll be here.” He smiled back at her in understanding. “At least I’ve got a scanner.”
Chapter Seven

“Oh, Oscar, what a beautiful spot for a picnic. The sun will set directly in front of us. However did you find it? It’s so far from civilization.” Sonja walked to the edge of the deserted cliff, peeking over at the churning Pacific below.
“Anything for you, my dear. I wanted today to be special, just the two of us.” The man calling himself Oscar spread a blanket near the edge of the cliff. He considered actually going along with the picnic, the sunset promised to be spectacular. 
It had taken him days of hiking to find this spot. After the last debacle, he needed to be certain that this one’s body would not be discovered too soon. He liked San Francisco, and would prefer to settle in for a bit. 
“Come sit with me, Os.” Sonja settled onto the blanket, holding out her hand. 
He managed not to cringe at the insipid nickname she insisted on using. Instead, he took her hand and settled beside her. Her use of the nickname clarified his decision. He would enjoy the picnic, after he’d taken care of her.
This one reminded him the most of his fiancé, Elizabeth. There was something about the way she raised her eyebrows when she spoke that sent him rushing back to the most idyllic time of his life. Even now, as the one beside him prattled on about the scenery, his thoughts drifted to his one and only true love, his Beth.
Their time together had been much too brief, but it had been perfect. At least until the end. Beth was everything he’d ever imagined his wife to be; beautiful, statuesque, cultured and accomplished. She complemented him in every way. 
Had Sonja bothered to look at Oscar just then, she might have mistaken the light in his eyes as love for her. Instead, Sonja leaned back against him, continuing her tale of childhood adventures on the rocky beaches of Maine. The man she called Oscar continued to remember his Beth, with the slanted perspective that only one with his particular delusional disorder could conjure. 
Beth loved him, of that he was certain. He never understood why she tried to hide from him near the end, or how she could lay in another man’s bed. 
The man’s eyes darkened as he remembered the rage he felt, walking in on his Beth, opening her legs for that nouveau riche peasant. He could still see the fear, and pain, in her lover’s eyes, as he stripped him of his skin, and smell the scent of burning flesh, as he made the man pay for his sins. It surprised and pleased him that, even now, he could hear his Beth screaming as he forced her to watch her lover’s punishment.
It was a point of honor for him that he’d been merciful when he killed Beth. Honorable though it was, her death had not been as satisfying as it should have been. Thus began his quest to duplicate the experience, in hopes that he would finally find true satisfaction. 
Glancing down at the woman who’d plastered herself against him, ‘Oscar’ took a deep breath. Maybe this one would give him what he needed. 
“Let’s take a walk,” he invited, as soon as she stopped talking long enough to take a breath. “The sun will be setting soon, and I’d like to find the perfect spot to watch.” He gently pushed her away from his body, stood, then held out his hand to her. 
“Sure, Os, but I don’t know where we’ll find a better spot than this one.” Sonja smiled and let him pull her to her feet. 
“Let’s get closer to the edge,” he suggested, leading the way. As docile as a kitten, she followed him.
Minutes later, his task complete, the man settled back on the blanket and reached into the picnic basket. The sun was a large, orange, orb that deepened in color with every passing second. As it dipped below the watery horizon, he enjoyed a sip of champagne, and a taste of goose liver, while he considered his next move. Though he had enjoyed the kill, this one had not brought the peace he’d been searching for. Without a doubt, he knew that she was out there, the brunette beauty whose death would be enough. 
He would simply have to keep looking.
Chapter Eight

Ethan struggled from sleep as a shaft of light fell across his face. Someone had opened the curtains.
“Ethan,” Jerry prodded softly. “Wake up. We have to get ready for dinner.” She hated to wake him, but it couldn’t be helped.
Groaning, Ethan opened one eye to see Jerry standing in front of him, still wearing her yoga outfit. He felt his body respond automatically, partially from the dream he’d been having about her, and partially from the memory of the way she’d looked without the pants and jacket. In that second, he was grateful to be lying face down.
“I’m up. What time is it?” His eyes were open, but he made no move to sit. Having her in his bedroom was disconcerting, and felt much too intimate. Jerry turned to leave. 
“It’s nearly six. I’m sorry to wake you, but I need the room.” Jerry reached the door and glanced back to see him, still lying down, but watching her intently. 
“Of course, I’ll be in out in a sec.” 
“I’ll put on some coffee.”
“Thanks.” He waited until she closed the door before daring to sit up. “Damnation,” he whispered. I’m acting like a teenager, raging hormones and all. She probably thinks I’m daft.” Staring down at the evidence of his arousal, he growled. “Stop thinking about her, or you’ll never be able to move.” 
Jerry placed a coffee cup on the table, just as Ethan stepped into the great room. 
“Thanks, that smells wonderful.” She could swear she saw his color heighten as he spoke to her.
“You’re welcome. I’m heading for the shower. There’re plenty of snacks, if you’re hungry.”
“I’m famished, thanks. Sorry I slept so long, any news?”
“No, nothing important since you spoke with Dylan. I won’t be long.” Jerry disappeared into the bedroom, closing the door behind her.
The cavernous bathroom was large enough for a family of four, but Jerry still hated sharing it with a stranger. Especially a stranger that made her pulse race, with his sleepy bedroom eyes, and hair that begged her to touch. 
The powder room was also generous, with plenty of room for Ethan to get dressed. It didn’t have a shower, so they had no choice but to share the one in the master bath. 
Jerry surveyed the variety of pots, bottles, and colorful containers that lined the vanity section of the bath. She had no idea what to do with half of that stuff, couldn’t imagine why anyone would need so many different powders and lotions. The stylist left them here for a reason; she would just have to suck it up, and learn what was what.
Thirty minutes later, Jerry left the bathroom covered in creams and lotions, and a slinky bathrobe designed to leave little to the imagination. Thankfully, she had a few of her own belongings in the go-bag she kept at the office. She rummaged through it now, searching for a pair of old sweats that would be more presentable than the silky bit of fabric, molding her every curve. No way was she facing Ethan dressed in next to nothing. 
“You look nice, very shabby chic.” He teased moments later, as she entered the great room. “I especially like the turban. Is that new this season?” He motioned at the fluffy towel covering Jerry’s hair.
“Thanks, I’m starting a trend.” She teased back. “I thought you might appreciate the shower, before I begin getting dressed.” Jerry poured a cup of coffee. 
“Yes, I would. I’ve been in these clothes for over twenty-four hours.” He ran his hand over his chin, feeling the stubble that made him look more rakish than usual.
“It’s all yours.” Jerry joined him at the table.
“I hope this isn’t too awkward for you, living with a virtual stranger.” Ethan met her gaze and felt another punch of attraction. What the hell was happening to him? How could a woman, dressed in ratty sweats, with no makeup, and her hair piled beneath a bulky towel, hold any appeal, much less make him want to taste every inch of her beautiful body? It was nuts and definitely a first.
Jerry thought she read desire in his eyes, and nearly shook her head. She had to be getting her signals mixed up. There was no way he could possibly think she was attractive at the moment.
“It’s fine. You’re not the worst roommate I’ve had. During my six years with the agency, I’ve learned to roll with the punches.” She smiled. “It’s not exactly a hardship, living here. My apartment in Virginia would fit in these two rooms.”
“If your job is anything like mine, I doubt that you spend much time there.” Ethan stood and cleared his dishes. 
“Not much, but it’s nice to have a place to come home to.” Jerry shrugged. 
“I haven’t seen my flat in London for months. I know what you mean, though. It’s good to have a place to call home. My parents moved back to Australia last year; Dad retired and Mom set up a new practice. They’d tell you that my home is wherever they are, and it’s true. But I do require my own space.”
“Umm, it’s nice that you’re so close to them.” 
“Yes, but it’s difficult to see them as often as I’d like. Are you close with your family?” Ethan leaned against the kitchen doorway, still holding an empty plate and coffee mug.
“Not really.” Jerry answered, then hastily changed the subject. “Oooh, look at the time,” she glanced up at the massive clock. “You’d better claim the shower before I start to transform this mess.” She indicated herself with a wave of her hand.
“You’re beautiful, just as you are.” The sincerity in Ethan’s voice was unmistakable.
“And you need your eyes checked, in addition to a shower.” Jerry laughed. “But thanks.”
Ethan winked, then disappeared into the kitchen.

~~~

Jerry was pleasantly surprised to see that Ethan had left the bathroom as neatly as he’d found it; no wet towels lying on the floor, no hair in the sink, and, best of all, the toilet seat was down.  He’s either a neat freak, or he’s trying to impress me, she thought with a smile. “I’ll take either one,” she said aloud.
Leaving half of the pots and potions lining her dressing table unopened, Jerry applied self-proclaimed miracle creams that made her skin feel like silk, and makeup that cost more than her monthly car payment. She couldn’t remember the last time she had to primp this much for an assignment, including the time she worked undercover as a high-class call girl to help break up a drug ring. 
The silk floral cocktail dress she’d already selected to wear that evening, hinted at a classic, fifties-era design, with its tight fitting bodice, sweetheart neckline, and full, fluffy skirt. She’d always loved the style, but dressing for dinner in her world usually meant slacks and a sweater, or, at best, a simple skirt and blouse. Living, eating, and breathing the SSCD left no room for exploring her secret passion for vintage clothing, and all things girly. She’d never admit it to Dylan or Nate, but this assignment spoke to her innermost desires on so many levels.
Letting the dress fall over her head, she was pleased to see that it stopped, just above her knees, though she suspected that it was designed to land below the knee on a woman of average height. Still, it was acceptable, classic and more than a little flirty. 
She left her hair long, as that was Casanova’s preference, and attached a sapphire studded clip to one side as her only accessory. With one last glance at her reflection, she grabbed a matching pashmina and headed for the door.
Ethan’s reaction as she entered the room told Jerry everything she needed to know. “Wow, you look wonderful.” She was made to satisfy every man’s fantasy, he thought. The perfect combination of classic beauty, and sultry sensuality. He wondered how he’d gotten so lucky.
“Thanks. You clean up pretty good yourself.” She smiled approvingly at his deep blue suit, paired with a crisp, white shirt.
The three-inch pumps she’d chosen brought her to within an inch of Ethan’s six-foot-four stance. Together, they made a striking pair, and would surely turn more than one head tonight.
“Are you ready for our debut?” Ethan’s dimples deepened when he smiled at her.
“As I’ll ever be.” Jerry took his proffered arm, feeling a jolt race through her system. “By the way, Dylan called to remind us that the society editor from the Chronicle will be there tonight. Plans are to plaster our photo and a brief “look who’s here” article in the paper tomorrow.”
“That should help get his attention.” Ethan made a grand gesture of opening the door. “Your kingdom awaits, m’lady.”
Jerry couldn’t help but smile. She really did feel a little like Cinderella. “Why thank you, kind sir,” she responded and swept out the door.

~~~

Word that a photographer from the Chronicle would be at Quincette that evening had spread to at least a dozen paparazzi, all of whom were waiting when Ethan escorted Jerry from the car. Doing her best to appear aloof and disinterested in the face of so many flashing cameras, Jerry held onto Ethan’s hand, letting him lead her into the restaurant.
The beautifully appointed dining room was both modern and relaxed. Tables, set with candlelight and crystal, beckoned diners to sit and enjoy. As the hostess led them to a two-top in the middle of the room, Jerry tried not to look impressed with the ambiance. The woman she portrayed would be accustomed to such beautiful surroundings. She would also be used to the admiring glances she felt directed at both her, and Ethan.
She could hardly blame the women. Ethan looked like a walking dream. Some were watching him covertly, others openly stared. She sat up just a little straighter, knowing that he was hers, even if it was only for work.
“You’re creating a sensation.” His words surprised her, the only ‘sensation’ she could see was the women’s reactions to him. 
“I think you mean you’re stirring things up.”
“Maybe a little, but every man in the room wishes he were me tonight.” Ethan reached across the table and took her hand. She felt an instant tingle race along her spine.
“Isn’t that a line from a movie?” Jerry tried not to appear affected by his touch.
“Probably, but it fits. You’re truly stunning.” His fingers held hers lightly as he looked deep into her eyes.
He’s just playing a role, Jerry reminded herself. It’s all part of the game. “Thank you. It’s all for you, darling.” The endearment rolled off of her tongue, even though she’d never remembered calling anyone ‘darling’ before tonight.
Ethan raised his eyebrows slightly, then relaxed. This had to be the best assignment he’d ever landed. At this moment in time, he was grateful that Casanova had led him to this place, to this woman. The wave of guilt that followed his thought was not enough to make him regret it. 
“Tell me about your day, my sweet.” Ethan waited until the waiter had left with their drink order before opening the conversation. “Did you do anything amusing?”
“Oh, yes. It was wonderful.” Jerry launched into a description of the yoga class, and her participation in the same, that had Ethan genuinely laughing.
“I really don’t think you should laugh at me until you can hook both ankles behind your head.” Jerry tone dripped sweetness, but Ethan saw the daggers in her eyes. It made him laugh harder. 
“I’m sorry, love, but you make it sound a treat. I really think I’d like to join you tomorrow, just to see it for myself.”
“Don’t you dare,” Jerry’s eyes flashed, even though her smile remained warm.
“We’ll see,” he teased. “So, did you make any new friends?”
“Yes. I met a lovely girl who attends the same class every day. She’s as good as the instructor.” Jerry accepted the menu from the waiter, noting that he only had eyes for Ethan. 
“Thank you,” Ethan told him, after hearing the specials. “We’ll let you know when we’re ready.”
“Yes, Sir.” The waiter looked disappointed that he had been dismissed.
“Who knew that oysters on the half shell could sound so sexy?” Jerry teased. “I think he has a crush.”
Ethan ignored her comment. “I’d like to hear more about your day.”
“Of course, I haven’t even made it to the most exciting part.” Jerry enthused, much as she imagined her character would. “You know how I’ve been worried about finding someone who could deal with my hair? Well, Kim, that’s the girl from yoga, has a friend with the same long, thick, mass that I do. Hers is brown, too, by the way, so I won’t be introducing you. I know what a fondness you have for long, brown, hair.” She tossed hers for emphasis.
“Makes me weak in the knees.” He quipped with a grin.
“I know. Anyway, Sonja, that’s Kim’s friend, should be in class tomorrow, so she can tell me which salon she uses.” Jerry finished with a flourish, glee shining in her eyes, along with a smile that would light up Texas. To those nearby who were watching, and listening, it appeared that the most important thing in the world to Jerry, was to find the right hairdresser.
“That’s wonderful, my sweet. I know you’ve been very concerned about it.” Ethan made his voice seem serious.
“I have, I really have.” Jerry batted her eyelashes and it was all Ethan could do to keep from bursting with laughter.
“But that’s enough about me, what did you do today?” Jerry decided to let Ethan entertain her for a while.
“Oh, the usual. I had a few meetings, and spent some time at the track. I should take you, I think you’d enjoy it.” 
“I enjoy anything and everything I do with you.” Jerry’s smile made Ethan’s heart do a flip-flop in his chest.
“Thank you, love, the feeling is mutual.” Ethan’s answering smile was equally devastating.
Slow down, girl, Jerry told herself. It’s a game, a role. Do not fall for his charming façade. Even as she mentally chastised her runaway emotions, her heart began to melt.
Chapter Nine

“Good morning, Princess. Nice of you to join us.” Dylan’s grin took the sting from his sarcasm. 
“It’s not even eight, what are you doing here?” Jerry stifled a yawn and glanced over at the sofa. As Ethan was not at the table with Dylan, she fully expected to see him lounging on the makeshift bed. 
Surprisingly, the sofa bed they’d made up together last night was tucked neatly away. There was no sign of linens, or Ethan, in the room. 
“The coffee’s better here. Plus, I brought the paper. They caught your good side.” He winked and tossed the paper onto the table.
“Not before coffee.” Jerry turned towards the kitchen and almost ran into Ethan, carrying two steaming mugs.
“Good morning.” The simple phrase, spoken in his hybrid Australian/English/Italian/French accent, got her senses moving better than a gallon of caffeine. He handed her a mug.
“Morning.” Jerry tried not to blush at the direction of her thoughts, but it was like stopping the tide. “Thanks.” She accepted the mug, turning back towards the table.
Dylan watched the exchange with a little amusement, and a lot of trepidation. It looked like Jerry was smitten with Slick, and vice versa. Dammit, I thought she was smarter than that, he nearly growled aloud.
Ever since Jerry had become his partner, Dylan felt protective of her, sort of like a big brother. She’d more than proven her ability to handle the job, but he still looked out for her. At one point, about a year after his divorce, he’d felt the beginnings of attraction, but he quickly squelched it. For one thing, she was his partner. For another, he never intended to spend more than a few-night’s with any one woman, ever again. Jerry deserved better than that. Just like she deserved better than Slick. Dylan knew his kind; love ‘em and leave ‘em. It was just like him to take advantage of the situation, and mix a little pleasure with business. 
Not if I can help it, he swore silently.
“Did you sleep well?” Jerry asked, her gaze still on Ethan.
“Like a babe,” he answered with a smile that made her heart trip. 
“I slept great, too. Thanks for asking.” Dylan interjected.
“That’s nice, but you didn’t sleep on a sofa bed.” Jerry tossed at him.
“No, but have you heard Nate snore? The man sounds like a freight train.” Dylan lied. The truth was that Nate had awakened him last night, thanks to a nightmare, not snoring. But that was Nate’s business. “Luckily, I still had earplugs from the last time you and I shared a room.” He teased.
“Funny man.” Jerry glanced at Ethan. “I so do not snore.” She told him, emphatically.
“How would you know? You sleep like the dead.” Dylan teased.
Ethan observed the pair and felt more than ever that they were not romantically involved. Jerry’s reactions to him yesterday, and last night, had all but convinced him. Watching her interact with Dylan this morning reminded him more of siblings than lovers. 
“Let’s see the paper,” Jerry reached for it, just as Ethan did. Their hands brushed, the touch sending shivery tingles, straight to her core.  She’d be surprised to know that Ethan felt them, too.
“Mmmm, nice. How did they get it so big? None of the other pictures are this large.” Jerry looked down at the image of her and Ethan, smiling at each other, as they left the restaurant. A few, smaller, images of them arriving, lined the bottom of the frame. 
“Ask the Prince.” Dylan left to refill his cup.
“Prince?” Jerry looked puzzled.
“No, technically my title is Duke. It’s part of my cover.” Ethan was suddenly very interested in selecting a muffin. He had no intention of confessing that the royalty aspect of his cover was not far from the truth. “Supposedly, I’m something like 1,676th in line for the English throne. On my father’s side,” he explained. 
“And someone made sure to mention that to the press.” Jerry nodded.
“Yes. You Americans are so enamored with anything royal, we thought it would garner more publicity.” Ethan looked sheepish.
“And so it did.” Jerry studied the image, noting how happy they both looked. Anyone would think they were a real couple.
“Not all Americans are royal-crazy,” Dylan said as he returned. “I couldn’t give a rat’s ass about titles. Titles don’t mean diddly squat when it comes to character.” He leveled a warning look at Ethan.
“Agreed.” Ethan said smoothly, ignoring the daggers Dylan aimed his way.
“Ethan Bennett, Duke of Davenborrough, and his companion, Jerry Smythe, enjoyed a delightful dinner at Quincette, a local favorite. The Duke and Ms. Smythe are visiting San Francisco on an extended working holiday.” Jerry read. “At least they got our cover names right.”
“It’s good coverage. If our guy reads the society section, he can’t help but be intrigued.” Dylan added.
“Let’s hope. What’s on my agenda today? Besides yoga.” Jerry snagged a muffin and bit in.
“Jimmy put together a list of places frequented by all three victims in the last month. Aside from your favorite yoga class, there’s a café around the corner, a juice bar two blocks over, and a Pilates studio downtown that might be helpful. You can drop by the juice bar on your way to Pilates, then stop by the café on the way home.”
“I’m taking Pilates and yoga today?” Jerry dropped her muffin. “I thought the point was to keep me alive so Casanova can take his shot. If I keep this up, I’ll be dead in a week.” She complained.
“Suck it up, Forbes. You can do this in your sleep.” Dylan wanted to laugh at Jerry’s expression, but didn’t risk it. “Just think of how good your body will look, after a few days of torture.”
“You really are annoying,” she tossed back. “What else is going on today? I assume that we’re going out again tonight?”
“Of course. See and be seen, doncha know.” Dylan grinned in anticipation of dropping his next bomb. “Tonight, you’re going to the opera. You have tickets to La Traviata, the heart-wrenching tale of a fallen woman’s sacrifice for the love of her life. Or so I’m told.”
“Oh, man,” Jerry dropped her head on her arms. “This day just keeps getting better. Why don’t you go spread sunshine somewhere else?” She peeked up at Dylan.
Ethan and Dylan both laughed, but Ethan spoke. “I take it the opera is not your cup of tea?”
“No,” Jerry replied instantly. “I mean, I’ve never been, but I can’t imagine that it would be anything but boring.”
“You Americans and your preconceived notions.” Ethan shook his head. “La Traviata is arguably one of the best-loved operas of all time, and you imagine it to be boring. Opera allows emotions to transcend language. Whether or not you understand the words, if you pay attention to the characters, and the music, you will feel the emotion.” His passionate words surprised Jerry. “I challenge you to give the stage your undivided attention tonight, and then tell me that you were bored.”
Ethan’s speech left Dylan silent and Jerry impressed. 
“I accept your challenge.” 
Ethan nodded and changed the subject. “Any luck on locating the Maserati?” He asked Dylan.
“Nothing, yet. We’re running down the registrations, but you’d be amazed at the number of red Maserati’s registered in California. By and large, the owners all fit the broadest part of our unsub’s profile; white male, in his thirties to fifties. We need more to go on.” Dylan broke apart another muffin.
“Maybe I’ll get lucky today with Kim’s friend, Sonja. I know it’s a longshot, but it could turn into something.” Jerry wrinkled her nose at the muffin tray. “I’m making a real breakfast. God knows, I’ll work it off later today. Who wants pancakes?”
“So, Slick, what are your plans today?” Dylan asked Ethan, after placing a double order of pancakes with Jerry. 
Ethan chose to ignore the jibe. It appeared that Dylan’s opinion of him hadn’t changed yet. 
“I have appointments at two brokerage firms this morning, both of which are used by the three previous victim’s paramours. This afternoon, I’m joining a gentlemen’s club preferred by two of the men, and then I’m off to the track. See and be seen, right?”
“Right. Nate and I will continue to interview neighbors and friends of the victims, and of their paramours. Jeez, who talks like that?”
Ethan simply raised his eyebrows, not deigning to rise to the bait.
“Anyway, that’s about all we have to go on, until something else happens.”
“You mean until another woman is murdered.” Ethan’s voice was low and slightly menacing.
Dylan took offense. “Hey buddy, if you have any better ideas, I’d like to hear ‘em.”
“Sorry, I know you all are doing what you can. It makes my blood boil, thinking of him getting by with these murders, right under our collective noses.”
“I know what you mean.” For the first time, Dylan felt a kinship with Ethan. He didn’t want it to take root. Standing, he called to Jerry. “Hey Princess, you need any help in there?” He moved to join her, without waiting for a reply. 

~~~

Jerry plastered a smile on her face as she walked into the yoga class. The very last thing her body needed was to be bent like a pretzel for an hour. Spotting Kim standing alone, intent on her cell phone, Jerry made her way over to her.
“Hi, Kim,” she greeted the other woman warmly. “It’s nice to see you again.”
Kim appeared distracted as she glanced up at Jerry. “Oh, hi, Jerry. It’s nice to see you, too.” She shut off her phone and placed it in her bag. “Hey, I saw your picture in the paper this morning, va va va voom!” She grinned. “If you get tired of the Duke, let me know, and I’ll take him off of your hands. He’s gorgeous!”
Jerry actually blushed. “He’s a keeper, but thanks for the offer.”
“Anytime.” Kim began stretching.
“Is your friend Sonja here? I really wanted to speak with her about a recommendation for a hair stylist.” Jerry began stretching as well, ignoring her body’s silent protests.
“She’s not here, yet, but I hope she makes it. I’m a little worried. She was supposed to call me this morning, but I haven’t heard from her. My calls to her go straight to voice mail.” Kim shrugged. “Maybe she got tied up with her new friend. If she doesn’t show up for class, I’ll stop by her place.”
“I’m sure she’s fine.” Jerry lied. Every warning bell she had was going off in her head. “Breaking in a new friend can be time consuming.” She winked.
“It’s not really like that. I mean, she has a friend, but she thinks this guy could be the real deal.” Kim frowned. “I’m sorry, she asked me not to talk about it.”
“Sure, sure. No worries. My lips are sealed.” Jerry smiled and unrolled her yoga mat.

~~~

Class was as excruciating as she’d thought it would be, but Jerry pushed through. She didn’t want to jump the gun, but her instincts told her that Sonja would not show up in class that day, or any other day. She approached Kim again as they were leaving. 
“Still no luck getting Sonja to answer?” Jerry asked, as Kim frowned into her phone.
“No. She rarely misses yoga, especially not two days in a row. I’m going over there.” 
“If you’re worried, I could join you. My driver’s right outside.” Jerry offered hopefully.
“I hate to put you out,” Kim hedged. “She’s probably just holed up with him, and I’m being ridiculous.” 
“You’re not putting me out at all. If she’s really in trouble, you’ll need someone there with you. If everything’s fine, then I can drop you back here, or anywhere you’d like to go.” Jerry smiled warmly. “I have an hour before my dress fitting, so you’d be helping me fill the time.”
“If you’re sure,” Kim suddenly looked eager for Jerry to join her.
“I’m sure. Let’s grab a juice to go. I’ll text Ronald to pull the car around.” Jerry sent two texts, one to Ronald, and one to Dylan. By the time they were riding towards Sonja’s home, Dylan was already en route as well, following the GPS signal on her phone. Jerry’s text was brief, but the message was enough to make him drop everything and go. He’d worked with her long enough to have full faith in Jerry’s instincts.
Sonja’s apartment comprised the top floor of a restored Victorian, less than three miles from the yoga studio. With stop and start traffic, it took them fifteen minutes to arrive.
“What a lovely home,” Jerry remarked, as they glided to a stop across the street from the painted lady. “Do you see her car?” Two cars were parked on the street, directly in front of the old home. 
“Yes,” Kim sighed with relief. That’s it, there.” She pointed to a late model BMW, parked in the narrow driveway. “Sonya has the top floor apartment, and assigned parking.” Kim waited for traffic to pass before opening her door. “I’ll just be a moment.”
“I’ll come to the door with you, just in case.” Jerry followed her out of the car. 
Climbing to the third floor of Sonja’s home gave Jerry’s legs a workout they didn’t need. Her adrenaline was pumping so that she hardly noticed the pain. 
The top floor landing was lit with the colors of an oversized stain glass window that appeared to be original to the house. A small table with a Tiffany lamp stood outside the apartment door. 
Jerry stood to the side as Kim knocked repeatedly, calling Sonja’s name.
“Do you have a key?” Jerry asked.
“No.”
“Call her again, maybe we can hear the phone ring if she’s inside, and can’t answer the door.”
Kim dialed Sonja’s number while Jerry looked over her shoulder, committing the number to memory. Both women listened intently for any sound inside the apartment.
“She must still be out with Oscar.” Kim disconnected and turned back towards the stairs. 
“I’m sure that’s it.” Jerry hurriedly agreed. “Does she often disappear like this?” She kept her voice casual. “A friend of mine back in Maine disappears all the time. Says she needs her space.”
“Not Sonja. I’ve known her for years, she’s as dependable as the sunrise. She’ll probably call later. She knows I’ll worry if I don’t hear from her.” Kim glanced back at Jerry as they walked down the stairs. “We sort of look out for each other.”
“That’s good. We all need someone.”
By the time the two women exited the home, Dylan had found a parking spot, one block up. He waited as the town car disappeared from sight before making his way inside.
He already knew that Sonja Jenkins lived in an apartment owned by Rockstone Promotions, LLC. According to Jimmy, the resident geek in tech support, the BMW was leased by the same company. Following protocol, he took the stairs, two at a time, and knocked on Sonja’s door. After a few minutes, he went to the second floor landing, intending to do an impromptu interview with her neighbors. 
The twenty-something redhead who answered the door was dressed like a bohemian in a long, flowing dress. She gave him a once over, from head to toe, before speaking.
“Well hello there.” Her southern drawl was unmistakable. “Are you lost?”
The distinctive aroma, pouring into the hall from her open door, reminded Dylan of his college days. Deciding to play it cool, he relaxed his stance.
“Why, no, sugar, I’m not lost. I’m looking for Sonja,” he nodded towards the stairs, “have you seen her this morning?” He gave the girl his lopsided grin, the one that always worked for him.
“Where does she find you guys?” The redhead tossed her head and leaned against the doorjamb. “No, I haven’t seen her since she left yesterday afternoon. He was a looker, too.”
“Oh, really?” Dylan leaned against the wall, closer to the girl. “Should I be jealous?”
“I don’t know,” she winked at him. “He looked pretty good.”
“Mmmm,” Dylan appeared concerned. “I bet my car’s better than his.” He winked back at her.
“I seriously doubt it. Do you have a red Italian sports car?” She asked, warming to the stranger.
“No. Mine’s black.” He told her with a smug smile, even as his heart sank. “So, did you ever meet my competition?”
“No, he always waited in the car for Sonja to come down.”
“Can you describe him for me, just so I know what I’m up against?” Dylan looked appropriately hopeful.
“Sure, handsome. He looked tall, at least I think so. It’s hard to tell from my window.” She whispered conspiratorially.  Dylan nodded. “He had longish, black, hair, and a thick mustache, which I normally don’t like, but on him, it looked good. Broad shoulders, sort of like yours, and high cheekbones. His face reminded me of Rock Hudson, you know, an actor from ancient movies.” 
“You saw a good bit from your window.” Dylan smiled again. The girl moved closer.
“Would you like to come in?” She invited. “We could get to know each other while you wait on Sonja.”
“Thanks, sugar, but I’ll have to pass today. I’m sure I’ll see you again, though.” Dylan straightened and moved away from the door. He was beginning to feel like he had a contact high.
“Your loss.” She breathed and slowly closed the door.
Dylan sent a text to Ethan and Nate with the description of the unsub. He also suggested that Nate order a helicopter to scour the surrounding cliffs. He knew in his gut that Sonja was dead.
“Where’s my damn clairvoyance when I need it?” He mumbled as he walked down to the first floor. Ever since Dylan was a small boy, he’d had visions of events as they happened. Most often, the visions only concerned those closest to him. His grandmother had explained that he had a gift, that he should be grateful that God considered him to be so special. Dylan considered it a curse, and evidence that God either had a sense of humor, or didn’t like him very much. The worst vision to date was of his wife, cheating on him with his best friend. Former wife and former best friend, he clarified to himself. 
“Just once, couldn’t the damn gift help me solve a case?” He whispered as he knocked on the door. No one answered. Pressing his ear against the wood, he heard no evidence of noise, or movement, inside the apartment. Knowing he’d be back later, he dialed Nate as he left the building.
“Feels like we’ve got another one.” He told him.
“It definitely does. Wait until you see her DMV photo; she’s a dead ringer for the first victim in London, no pun intended.” Nate’s voice was grim. “Sounds like the neighbor got a decent look at him. Any luck with the occupants on the first floor?”
“They’re not at home, I’ll come back later. I’m not sure how reliable the girl’s description is, she was pretty stoned when I talked to her, but at least it’s something.” Reaching his car, Dylan paused. “Are you working on a warrant for her apartment? Should I hang here?”
“Yes, it should be ready in a few. Working with the city government certainly expedites things. I’m on my way there now, so just sit tight.” 
“Will do. Do we have choppers in the air?” 
“Two, though the miles of coastline present a challenge. Would be nice to have a clue to help narrow down the location.”
“Tell them to look for circling buzzards. I don’t expect we’ll find Sonja alive.” Dylan kicked the tire on his car. It felt good to let off a little frustration.
“I don’t expect so, either. Maybe we’ll find something in her apartment. I’m almost there.” Nate disconnected.
Dylan texted Jerry, asking her to call when she was free. His phone rang almost immediately.
“What did you find?” she asked in greeting.
“The girl living on the second floor saw Sonja get into a red Italian sports car, yesterday afternoon. She gave us a description, but I’m not sure how accurate it is, she was pretty high when we spoke.”
“What’s the description?” 
“Tall, longish, black hair, mustache, reminded her of Rock Hudson.”
“The actor?”
“You know another Rock Hudson?”
“Smartass. Ethan didn’t say anything about a mustache, that’s new. It could be fake, or he could have grown it in since Europe. If it’s him, he’s also changed his hair color.”
“What do you mean, if? Are you having doubts?”
“No. It’s him. My gut’s telling me that Sonja’s dead.”
“We agree. Nate’s got two choppers searching the cliffs along the coast. Did Kim tell you anything else that would help us with the search?”
“No, she never met the guy. All she knows is that he’s young, rich, gorgeous, and calls himself Oscar. He told Sonja to dress for an adventure yesterday, but she didn’t know where he was taking her. I couldn’t really ask a lot of questions without making her suspicious of my cover.”
“That fits in with everything we already know about him. I’m sure the name’s an alias, but it could be helpful.” Dylan raised is hand as Nate drove by. “Nate’s here with a warrant. We’re going into Sonja’s place. Maybe we’ll get lucky.”
“Let me know.”
“Of course. I’ll drop by later and brief you and Ethan.”
“See you then.”
Chapter Ten

“Her place was clean. No mention of Oscar, her date, or anything about him.” Dylan placed a laptop on the dining table. “Hopefully, I can get into this thing and find out something more.”
“It makes sense that she wouldn’t have anything about Oscar written down at her place. Mustn’t let her current companion know about her side interests.” Jerry dropped into the chair beside Dylan. “Any news on the search?”
“Nothing yet, and it’ll soon be dark. If they don’t locate her, they’ll pick it up first light.” Dylan began attacking the keys on Sonja’s laptop. “If I were a beautiful young woman, living the high life, what would my password be?”
“Any pets?” Ethan asked as he entered, his hair still wet from a shower. 
“Nope, and it’s not her birthday, either.” Dylan kept working.
“Try Namaste, and other yoga terms. According to Kim, she loved that stuff.” Jerry told him and watched as he tried several more times to open the program. “You could overnight it to Jimmy, I’m sure he has ways of getting inside.” Jerry hid her grin.
Dylan narrowed his eyes at her, as she knew he would. “The day a snot-nosed kid can beat me into a laptop is the day I’ll hang up my hat. Just back off and give me a minute, dammit.”
While getting under Dylan’s skin was one of her favorite things, Jerry hoped he was right this time. She’d hate for his ego to cost them precious time. “Alright, alright.” She held up her hands. “Shutting up now.”
“Are you two related?” Ethan asked with a straight face and nearly lost it when they both turned on him, eyes blaring.
“Of course we’re not related. Why in the world would you ask something like that?” Jerry asked.
“Because you bicker like siblings, that’s why. Sorry.” He gave her a sheepish grin. Jerry thought he looked good enough to eat.
“Hey, I’m in.” Dylan exclaimed. “Told ya.” He raised his eyebrows at Jerry.
“Okay, okay, you’re good. Now find us something.”
“Quit looking over my shoulder,” Dylan commanded. “Shouldn’t you be getting ready for your big night out?” He waggled his eyebrows.
“I’m going. Ethan, have you finished in the bathroom?”
“It’s all yours, just let me get my tux from the closet.”

~~~

By the time Jerry came back into the living room, Dylan and Ethan had their heads together over the laptop, peering at the computer screen.
“Did you find something?” She asked as she came through the door. Both men turned to look at her. Dylan’s reaction tickled her, but it was the sudden gleam in Ethan’s eyes that had her heart fluttering.
“Damn, Princess, you clean up good.” Dylan nodded approvingly.
“Thanks.” Jerry threw him a glance, then went to stand beside Ethan. 
“You look wonderful.” He told her and touched her arm. “That shade of blue is perfect with your eyes.” The sincerity of his compliment made her pause. She had fallen in love with the sapphire blue gown as soon as she’d seen it hanging in her closet. Secretly, she was nervous about tonight, and hoped that she’d at least chosen the right dress.
“Thank you, Ethan. You look nice, too.” It was an understatement if there had ever been one. The man looked like sin on a stick. She was suddenly grateful for Dylan’s presence. Otherwise, she might have given in to the urge to reach up and taste him. “What did you find?”
“An image, possibly, of Oscar. It’s grainy, looks like it was taken at night from a distance. See the red Mas in the background?” Dylan pointed to the screen.
“Yes, can you enhance it?” 
“I’m trying, but Jimmy’s got the good toys, I sent it off to him. It’s time stamped four days ago, taken with a Canon, but we didn’t find one in the apartment.”
“She would have taken it with her, in anticipation of the adventure he promised.” Jerry’s voice was sour. “Son of a bitch couldn’t know about this picture. No way would he let her keep it.”
“That’s probably why it’s such a bad shot. Maybe by tomorrow, we’ll have his face.”
“From your lips.” Jerry added. 
“We should go.” Ethan took Jerry’s arm; she hoped he didn’t feel the goose bumps that suddenly appeared.
“Text us if you find anything else.” Jerry told Dylan. “And lock up when you leave.”
“Yes, Ma’am. Have fun.” He told her with a wicked grin.
“We will.” Ethan assured him, guiding Jerry through the door.

~~~

“But why would Alfredo humiliate Violetta in front of everyone, even if it were true that she loved the Baron? He was an idiot to believe that, by the way.” Jerry spoke in hushed tones, even though the curtain had fallen on the second Act. 
“He was so devastated by her betrayal that he couldn’t see past his ego. His need to crush her in front of their peers is not an uncommon knee-jerk reaction, I suppose, even in the eighteen hundreds.” Ethan was pleased that Jerry had honored her word to give the performance a fair shake, and secretly thrilled that she was getting into the story.
“But how could he not see that she was lying? The love between them was palpable, how could he believe that she was in love with anyone else? Especially such a pompous ass. Alfredo had to know that his father was behind Violetta’s sudden change of heart. If nothing else, the timing made it obvious.” Jerry’s anger at the storyline amused Ethan in that it echoed his own whenever he managed to catch a performance. 
“Obvious to us, but not so much to a love-sick Alfredo. I believe that he’d never really gotten over the Baron’s influence in Violetta’s former lifestyle as a courtesan.”
“Maybe so. At least the guests at the party turned on him for treating a woman so poorly. Another thing I don’t understand is why Violetta begged him to see the love in her heart, after he’d treated her like crap.”
“I take it you’ve never been in love?” Ethan asked quietly.
The question surprised Jerry, but not as much as the way Ethan’s eyes suddenly narrowed. They seemed to reach right into her soul, searching for the answer. 
“No, I haven’t,” she said softly. “I’ve had crushes and mini-relationships, but I’ve never experienced the all-consuming power of the kind of love that Violetta and Alfredo share.”
“Neither have I. I’m not sure how many people have been lucky enough to find the real thing. I’ve seen enough operas, read enough Browning, and the like, to know that pride goes out the window when true love is involved. Even though Violetta used Alfredo’s insecurities to try and do what his father insisted was right for the family, she really wanted him to see past the ruse, and rely on her love for him. But he failed.”
“Men can be such idiots.” Jerry’s expression caused Ethan to laugh out loud, eliciting raised eyebrows from the patrons seated in the surrounding boxes.
“I suppose you’re right, but can you really fault Alfredo for believing Violetta’s lies?”
“I don’t know, I suppose not. There’s one more Act, right? Maybe they’ll come to their senses.” Jerry relaxed back in her seat as the house lights flickered. 
Ethan didn’t want to spoil the ending, but he suddenly wished he’d taken her to a predictable romantic comedy, or anything with a feel-good ending. As invested as she was in the plot, she would surely feel the pain of the Third Act acutely. He wanted to spare her that. Resisting the urge to take her hand and lead her out of the theater, he settled back and felt inside his pocket for a handkerchief.

~~~

Dylan clicked the link that Jimmy had just sent and waited for the image to come into focus. The graininess was gone, but the man’s face was in shadow, giving them precious little more than they already had on him. 
“Dammit,” he shoved away from the table situated beneath the window in his hotel room. Throwing open the door, he walked a few feet and pounded on Nate’s door.
“I thought we were going to meet downstairs,” Nate greeted him.
“Have you seen the best your boy wonder, Jimmy, can do with the pic we found on Sonja’s computer?” Dylan ignored Nate’s greeting, moving past him into the room.
“Not yet. I take it that it’s less than satisfactory.” Nate closed the door gently and followed Dylan into the space.
“That’s an understatement.” Dylan growled. “We can’t even see his face. Our first decent lead, and tech drops the ball. I thought the kid was supposed to be some kind of computer genius, but you can’t prove it by me.” Dylan waited as Nate found Jimmy’s email and opened the picture. 
“His face is in shadow,” Nate commented after studying the image. “I’m sure that if it’s possible to enhance it, Jimmy’s on it.” Nate peered intently at the screen. “He’s a big bastard, must be six-four, if he’s an inch. Look at his stance, and the width of his shoulders. Looks like a body builder.”
Dylan joined Nate at the computer. “If that’s so, he’ll need a place to work out. We should check the gyms in the area, check out any new members in the past two months. With a ride like that, he’ll be remembered.”
“He won’t use the Mas for day-to-day crap; too conspicuous, especially since Jenna’s body was found so soon. Nope, our boy has another ride, something luxurious, but not as flashy.”
“Agreed, but in this city, a private residence with an attached two-car is pricey. No way he’d use street parking, or a public facility.”
“We already know he has money. I’ll have Jimmy narrow the search for rental homes with a minimum of a two-car attached. Should help some.” Nate began sending a text.
“I hope he knows how to perform a search better than he knows how to fix a picture.” Dylan grumbled. “Are you ready to eat? I’m starved.”
~~~

Ethan sat patiently for Jerry to compose herself, after the house lights went up at the end of the performance. He could see tears sliding down Jerry’s face, and he wondered if she was even aware of them. She was moved, of that he was certain. How could she not be? Alfredo discovering Violetta’s sacrifice, returning to her just in time to witness her death, was heart wrenching for the most seasoned aficionado, even more so for a virgin opera-goer.
Jerry knew the lights were up, and that anyone could see, but she couldn’t stop the flow of tears. She could barely understand her emotional reaction to Violetta’s death, and Alberto’s resulting heartbreak. She couldn’t possibly explain it to Ethan. 
As the theater cleared out, she felt his hand cover hers as it lay on her lap. Turning to face him, she was met with complete understanding, and a touch of moisture at the corner of his expressive eyes. No explanation was necessary.
He kept hold of her hand as they made their way to the door, tucking it through his arm, pulling her close amid the remaining patrons and pedestrians along the bustling street. Beautiful people, dressed to the nines, stepped into a line of waiting cars as couples, out for an evening stroll, wove their way between them. Cameras flashed as paparazzi captured personal moments and smiling faces, in hopes of a payoff. Three or four more industrious homeless held out tins and hands towards anyone who glanced their way. Ethan slid a folded bill into a woman’s hand, just before helping Jerry into the car. Neither had spoken a word to each other since Act III began.
A comfortable silence filled the back of the town car as it slowly pulled away from the curb. Ethan had not let go of Jerry’s hand, neither did she try and remove it from his grip. He felt warm and familiar, an anchor in the storm of emotion that flooded her during the performance, especially the final act.
For the life of her, Jerry couldn’t come to grips with her reaction to the sadness enacted on stage. It wasn’t as if death was a stranger to her, she’d made it her business. A woman cut down in the prime of her youth, wasted potential, and love lost, were not uncommon elements of the life she had chosen. Why, then, did a centuries old skit, depicting a similar scenario, trigger such deep, soul-wrenching pain? 
Ethan watched Jerry from the corner of his eye. The tiny lines between her brows told him she was struggling with something. He wished she would share her thoughts. Opera was known for dredging up powerful emotions, often jarring long forgotten memories, or touching places in the soul that hadn’t seen the light of day for years. He wondered which parts of Jerry La Traviata had stirred. 
Jerry closed her eyes and let her mind wander. As soon as she relaxed, a woman’s face appeared in her memory, making her gasp with recollection. The woman was beautiful, young, and vibrant, with the same high cheekbones and long brown hair that framed Jerry’s face. Her mother.
Tears came again, unbidden, and filled with the pain of losing her beloved mother when she was barely three years old. She had no real memories of the time they had together, only fleeting images of her mother’s face, and the lilting sound of her laughter. She had laughed a lot with her mother, Jerry was certain of that much. Just as certain as she was that the laughter had stopped, on the day her mother died.
Jerry never dwelled on her childhood. Being raised in a series of foster homes, one worse than the last, had prompted her toward a career with the FBI. Witnessing first-hand the cruelty that people chose to inflict on each other, and on their children, fueled a burning desire for the power to make things better. She also liked carrying a gun and possessing the knowledge of just how to use it. More than once during the horrors of her youth, she wished for a gun, a knife, anything she could use for protection.
Refusing to probe the wound, she focused on recalling her mother’s face. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d pictured her. Circumstances had taught her to block out most of her upbringing. The happy times with her mom fell victim to the mental blackout. Remembering her face tonight made the evening more special, even though her heart ached with the memory.
Every instinct Ethan possessed screamed at him to wrap his arms around Jerry and pull her close. Whatever she was thinking brought a sadness to her eyes that broke his heart. Throwing professionalism to the wind, he gently released her hand, draped his arm around her shoulders, and nudged her towards him. She came willingly.
Chapter Eleven

“You made the papers again.” Dylan stated, slapping the thick roll of black and white against Ethan’s chest when he opened the door.
“Good morning to you, too.” Ethan was groggy from lack of sleep and in no mood for Dylan’s attitude. He’d tossed and turned half the night, concern for Jerry, and whatever demons haunted her, warring with his ever-increasing emotional connection to the woman who should be no more than his partner.
“What, no coffee?” Dylan ignored Ethan, but was secretly pleased to finally see the man ruffled. He set about making a pot that could double as motor oil.
“There’s a Starbucks on the corner, help yourself.” Ethan grumbled and headed for the bathroom.
Dylan chuckled, mostly to himself, and began whistling as he worked. The day had potential if he could start it off getting under Slick’s skin.
“Have you seen the email I sent last night?” Dylan asked when Ethan reappeared.
“No, did you find something?” Ethan was instantly alert.
“Our tech department enhanced the image we found on Sonja’s computer. Not a lot of help, but you may recognize something about him.” Dylan set the pot to perk and joined Ethan at the table.
“Is that the best they could do with his face?” Ethan asked as he enlarged the image on his tablet. 
Dylan prickled at the perceived insult, even though it echoed his own feelings. It was okay for him to criticize Jimmy; it wasn’t okay for Slick to do so.
“If it could be better, it would be. Does his body seem familiar? Nate and I think he may be a body builder, or at least someone who works out frequently. We’re checking gyms in the area for new members.”
“It doesn’t ring any bells,” Ethan stared at the image, studying the man’s carriage. “He’s big, imposing. Seems to me I’d remember him if I’d ever met him.”
“We also think he has a second car, not as flashy as the Mas. We’re checking rental houses in the area with a two car garage minimum. At least it’s something to go on.”
“That’s good, but it may not help. Also check suitable homes with owners away on an extended trip. When people in these circles travel, they often stay in friend’s homes, rather than rely on public accommodations. Our boy would definitely prefer his privacy.”
“Makes sense If you’ve already got money, why spend it when you can freeload off of your friends?” Dylan barely disguised his disgust with the upper echelon. 
“Exactly. Better lodgings, often with built-in servants, more privacy, and no expenses. It is what it is.” Ethan shrugged.
“Morning, boys,” Jerry breezed into the room looking refreshed and cheerful. 
Ethan scowled briefly, wondering how she could look so good after the near emotional breakdown she suffered last night. 
“Morning, sunshine,” Dylan replied. “You look chipper this morning. Did you get a little shut-eye at the opera?”
Jerry’s smile nearly faltered, but she held it in place. She was a pro at blocking out unpleasantness, and was determined to behave as if last night’s emotional turmoil had never happened. At least in front of Ethan and Dylan. 
“The opera was wonderful, thank you.” Jerry told him as she moved into the kitchen, stopping short just inside the door. “Who made that sludge?” She leaned back to look at them accusingly. “It’s practically standing on the counter on its own.”
“I made it. Slick here looked like he could use a jolt.” Dylan tossed his thumb at Ethan.
“What a waste.” Jerry grumbled and poured the thick coffee down the drain. “What are you two looking at? Did you find something?” She called as she prepared a fresh pot.
Dylan brought her up to speed, sharing the image of the unsub when she came back into the room. 
“He’s big.” She echoed Ethan’s comment. “Fits the description that Sonja’s neighbor gave you. His clothes look high end, maybe even tailored.”
“You’re right,” Ethan finally spoke up. “How did I miss that? There can’t be too many tailors in town, and a man accustomed to the finer things will always go for the best.”
“It’s another avenue to explore,” Dylan punched in a text to Nate. “Can’t have too many of those. Of course, who’s to say that he’ll need anything new? He could have brought a sufficient wardrobe with him.”
“True, but it’s worth checking out.” Jerry hovered near the kitchen doorway, waiting for the coffee to brew. The makeup she’d applied this morning hid the evidence of her sleepless night, but she still felt the effects. She needed coffee, badly, and she needed it now. “What’s on the agenda today?” 
“You two made a splash again,” Dylan nodded at the paper lying open on the table. “Nate wants you to go out together, shopping, and to lunch. Give the paps something to do, following you around.”  He grinned up at her. 
“I should also check in with Kim, see if she’s heard from Sonja.” Jerry moved into the kitchen, grateful that the coffee was finally ready.
“If she’s heard from Sonja, it’ll be a bloody miracle.” Ethan growled. 
“Still, I should keep in touch.” Jerry agreed.
“If Sonja’s dead, and we know she is, he’s either already romancing another victim, or he’s on the prowl.” Dylan joined Jerry in the kitchen.
“We need to step it up, somehow make him notice me.” Jerry prepared two cups, bringing one to Ethan.
“Agreed.” Ethan gave her a smile of thanks, noticing the carefully hidden dark spots beneath her eyes. It made him feel slightly better, knowing that she’d had as difficult a time sleeping as he.
“That’s pretty much what Nate thinks, so you two should prepare for a day of it. Sightseeing, shopping, hobnobbing wherever you can. I’m sure you know the drill.” He looked pointedly at Ethan. 
Ethan ignored the jibe. “Our boy wouldn’t be caught dead at typical tourist traps, but he may be trolling coffee shops, bistros, and the like, in the neighborhood.”
“Do you have any idea how many bistros, cafés, bakeries, juice bars, and coffee shops are in Nob Hill? We could hit a different one every ten minutes and be busy into next week. We should start with Sonja’s favorites, I assume Jimmy’s already checked for overlaps with the other victims.” Jerry questioned Dylan.
“Probably, but I haven’t seen the report.” He picked up his phone and began texting, this time to Jimmy, with a copy to Nate. “I know he requested her credit card statements, but I don’t know if he has them yet. Everything is in her companion’s business name. She doesn’t have even a single account in her name.”
“What an idiot,” Jerry spoke without thinking, then felt bad. “Sorry, I mean what woman puts herself in that position? No bank account, no credit history, no property. She’s totally dependent on the good graces of her companion.”
“What about the companion? Has anyone spoken with him?” Ethan asked.
“He’s out of town, but we’re on it. I seriously doubt he knows more about her daily activities than her credit card statements will give us.” Dylan slid the newspaper over to Jerry. “You two look good together.” He teased.
She wrinkled her nose and then glanced down at the photo. The camera had caught her between crying jags. She was grateful that the angle was from the side, rather than straight on. She was standing close to Ethan, just before getting into the car. The homeless lady he’d helped was visible in the background.
“At least we’re getting press.” She threw back at Dylan. Feeling her face becoming flushed at the memory of riding home, snuggled against Ethan, she attempted to change the subject. 
“You should speak to Kim, officially. If anyone knows more than the credit trail, it’ll be her. She and Sonja were close.”
“Good idea. I need a reason for the inquiry, so as not to blow your cover. Sonja didn’t have any close family, so who else might report her missing?” Dylan mused aloud.
“Say it was the neighbor.” Ethan offered. “Did you ever speak with the one on the first floor?”
“Not yet. A Miss Abigail Collins lives there, alone, with her two cats. That’s my first stop today, then I’ll hunt down Kim. I spoke with the landlord last night. He was no help at all; lives in Los Angeles, never even met Sonja.”
 “I’ll call her after you speak with her.” Jerry added. “She may tell me more than she’ll tell you.”
“It’s possible. I’ll call you after I find her. You two have fun today. Smile pretty for the cameras.” He stood and headed for the door.
When they were alone, Jerry struggled to find words for Ethan. She’d spent the night thinking of him as much more than a partner, but she didn’t want it to show. 
“I suppose I should get dressed,” Ethan began, perplexed at Jerry’s sudden shyness.
“Okay, I’m ready whenever you are. We can go to breakfast, and then meander around the area, I suppose.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Ethan disappeared, leaving Jerry alone with her thoughts.
If she allowed it to intrude, the night before was crystal clear in her mind. The memory of her mother’s face, and the feel of Ethan holding her close, meshed into one warm feeling of being cared for, cherished, loved. The feeling was as foreign to her as the lavish luxury of her current situation.
Jerry avoided reliving the pieces of her childhood at all costs. She blocked out much of the horrors, most of the time, but found that she could recall any event at will. Groping hands reaching for her at night, days of terror when she waited, as quietly as possible, to be let out of the closet, moments so terrible that she prayed for death to take her away. She’d considered her beauty a curse then, attracting more attention than she ever wanted, in ways that no little girl should ever experience. 
Being consigned to a group home at the age of sixteen was the best thing that ever happened to her. Meals were regular, school was a must, and the matrons in charge of her floor had no interest in her body at all. During the last two years of high school, her natural aptitude blossomed, earning her a scholarship to college, far away from her home state. She had no desire to ever return to Louisiana, nor did she claim it as her own. She fashioned her life as she wanted, during the four years it took her to graduate, suppressing memories best forgotten, and focusing on the life she had never dared dream of, as a child. 
Yet here she was, years later, remembering the woman who gave her life, only to leave her to face it on her own. Logically, she knew her mother’s death was not her mother’s fault, but she’d spent so many years placing the blame for her miserable existence squarely on her mother’s shoulders, that it felt odd to associate her memory with love. Even odder still was the fact that Ethan had become part of it; he was her partner, no matter how convincingly he played the role of lover and friend. She could not afford to blur the lines.
Just then, Ethan appeared, dressed in slacks and a button down shirt tailored to fit his frame. Did the man ever look bad? Jerry wondered, as she admired the way he moved into the room with confidence. Casual elegance suited him to a tee.
“Shall we?” He waited by the door with an inviting smile. 
Logic fled as Jerry rose to join him. 

~~~

“Why are you asking so many questions? Has something happened to that girl? Who’s gonna take me and Percy to the vet?” The crotchety octogenarian eyed Dylan as if he was the devil incarnate. 
Pasting on a smile to hide his impatience, Dylan tried to reassure the woman. “She’s been reported as missing, but we don’t know that anything has happened to her. Do you remember seeing the man she left with two days ago?”
“Humph. The only man I ever seen her with was Mr. High and Mighty, Randall something or other. Drops by every other night, like clockwork, up until this past week. Must be out of town ‘cause he sure wouldn’t miss what that girl’s giving him, if you know what I mean.” The woman raised her chin and gave her best holier than thou impression.
“Did you see the man she left with, two days ago?” Dylan asked again, his polite demeanor was beginning to wear thin.
“Oh, I saw him alright. Didn’t even have the decency to come inside, waited for her out by the curb, like he was picking up an order at a drive-thru window or something. He’s been coming around ever since the other one’s been gone, but I never seen him come inside.”
“Can you describe him for me?” 
“Big fella, black hair, fancy clothes, fancy car. Other than that I didn’t pay much mind. What that girl chooses to do with her life is her business, no matter how wrong it is. Like my mother always told me; men won’t buy the cow, if they get the milk for free.” The woman’s grey head bobbed up and down for emphasis.
“Yes, Ma’am. Did you see the man’s car?” Dylan asked, biting the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing.
“It was red, one of them convertibles. That’s all I know.” The woman turned away from the door. “Percy, get down off that counter,” she called to the unseen animal. Turning back to Dylan, she put her hands on her hips. “Look, if that girl got herself in trouble, I’m not surprised. Nothing good comes from cavorting with men that way. Still, she was nice enough; always spoke to me, even ran errands for me on occasion, and promised to take us to the vet tomorrow. Now, I guess I’ll have to call a cab. Anyway, I hope you find her.” She began pushing the door closed, but Dylan slipped his card through in the nick of time.
“I’d appreciate it if you’d call me, if you think of anything else that might help.” The card disappeared, just before the door clicked shut.

~~~

“These scones remind me of my housekeeper’s specialty as a child. I’ve never found any anywhere that could rival hers, but these come close.” The delight in Ethan’s eyes made Jerry want to buy out every scone in the place, just for him. 
“I’ve never had scones before, but these are good.” Jerry smiled at the expression of pure joy on Ethan’s face. 
“That’s a crime, never having had scones.” Ethan placed another one on her plate. The small bakery, just around the corner from the condo, enticed them inside with the delicious aroma of baked goods, but the quaint atmosphere kept them at a small café table in the corner. Even though the table was adjacent to the front window, a prime location to see and be seen. It felt intimate, as if they were alone in the city, immune to the constant stream of sightseers, and city dwellers.
“I’d have to agree, these things are a little taste of heaven.” Jerry followed Ethan’s lead, spreading strawberry jam onto the soft center of one steaming slice of bread. “But you say your housekeeper makes better?” Jerry’s gave him an incredulous look.
“Hard to believe, but yes, just a bit. She adds something that takes the fluffiness to a whole new level.” He took another bite and audibly sighed. “I’ve tried to bribe the recipe from her, but she’ll have none of it. Tells me that if she gives me the recipe, I’ll never come back to see her.” He grinned.
“So, she still works for you, or your family?”
“Yes, where she’ll likely stay, even after she can no longer perform her duties. She is family.” Ethan unabashedly licked the jam from his fingertips. “My parents worked quite a bit when I was young. Ella practically raised me.”
Jerry pushed down the twinge of jealousy before it could flourish. She would’ve been happy with one loving mother; Ethan had two. “Sounds like you love her very much.”
“I do. She’s a second mum.” He smiled at Jerry warmly. “I’ve told you scads about my family. Tell me something about yours.” He invited.
“Not much to tell. I have no living relatives.” Through the years, Jerry had learned to smile when she made that statement, to avoid any unwanted sympathy. 
“I’m sorry.” Ethan covered her hand with his. “That must be difficult.” He felt Jerry stiffen, and decided to back off. “There’re all kinds of family, though. Take Dylan, for example. The way you two go at each other, it feels like you’re brother and sister.”
Jerry laughed, grateful for the new direction of conversation. “It’s a pleasure to give Dylan a hard time, I’m sure he feels the same. We’ve worked some pretty tough cases together, I guess the jibes became an alternative to tension, then they stuck.” Jerry shrugged her shoulders. “No matter how much I like to aggravate him, there’s no one else I’d rather have on my side.”
“Good to know.” Ethan turned to watch the passersby. “I suppose we should get out there, walk around the neighborhood.”
“Good thing, too. I need to walk off these scones.” Jerry began tidying the table. 
“You’re perfect, I doubt a hundred scones would change that.” Ethan’s eyes bore into hers for a brief second, before his expression became guarded.
“Why, thank you, kind sir.” Jerry tried to lighten the tone as they stood to leave. “But if I ate a hundred of those things, I wouldn’t fit through the door, much less into all those fancy new clothes hanging in the closet.”
“I’ll get some to go, we’ll test your theory.” Ethan grinned as Jerry poked him in the ribs.

~~~

“But who called you? Sonja’s family lives on the east coast, and they’re not at all close. What do you think happened to her?” Kim peppered Dylan with questions as she stepped aside, allowing him entry to her apartment. 
“A neighbor became concerned after seeing a news article about the woman found on the cliffs several days ago. She said that Sonja resembled the lady. I’m sure it’s nothing, but it’s best that we investigate.” Dylan attempted to relax Kim with a smile. The young woman was pacing the floor and wringing her hands.
“What lady? I haven’t watched the news lately. Show me.” Kim demanded.
Dylan scrolled through several screens on his phone before presenting Kim with the image of Jenna, alive and well. The photo was taken from her apartment during the sweep.
“Oh, my God, she does look like Sonja. Her hair color is practically identical and her eyes have the same almond shape. What happened to her?”
“This woman was found murdered on the cliffs above Muir woods. We believe she was killed by someone she knew, and trusted. Someone she was dating.”
Kim sat down hard on the sofa, as if her feet had suddenly become jelly. “Sonja was dating someone new. It was supposed to be a secret.” Her voice was barely above a whisper.
“Have you ever met him?” Dylan sat across from the obviously distraught woman.
“No. Sonja told me his name was Oscar; apparently he had money and an English accent. They’d only been seeing each other for about two weeks.” She paused and looked up at Dylan. “Sonja’s boyfriend, Randall, is married. He wouldn’t like knowing that Sonja was seeing someone else.”
“I’m sure he wouldn’t. What else can you tell me about Oscar?” Dylan’s voice was gentle, not at all judgmental.
“Nothing. Sonja was very closed-mouthed about their relationship. It’s odd really, she tells me everything about Randall. I just thought it was new, you know? And good. That she didn’t want to jinx it.” Kim wrung her hands together repeatedly. “Do you think Oscar hurt her? Is that why you’re here?”
“We just want to find her. I was hoping you could tell me more about her habits, where she liked to go, what she liked to do, other friends that she might have confided in.”
“Sure, that’s easy.” Kim was relieved to be able to help. “Most of the time, Sonja kept to a schedule. Randall liked to know how to find her on a moment’s notice, if you know what I mean.” Kim wrinkled her nose. “Since he’s been out of town, and she started seeing Oscar, her schedule went by the wayside.”
“How did she meet Oscar?”
“She met him at a juice bar, near her apartment. Kim would go there at least four times each week, after her power walk.”
“When was this?”
“Nearly two weeks ago, right around the time Randall left town. Don’t get me wrong, Sonja was loyal to Randall. I’ve never known her to step out on him before, but Oscar just swept her off her feet.”
“How so?”
“He took her on the town, you know, fancy dinners, nightclubs, all the good stuff that Randall couldn’t do with her. She told me he was very romantic.”
“So, she thought they had a future?”
“I think so. At least she hoped they did. Sonja was tired of the lifestyle. She wanted a family. Randall would never offer her anything more than a place to live, and a platinum card.”
“I understand.” Dylan flipped open a notebook. “Why don’t you tell me about Sonja’s schedule, start with the name of the juice bar where she met Oscar.”

~~~

“If I drink another coffee, or eat another pastry, I’ll explode.” Jerry hooked her arm through Ethan’s as they strolled past trendy shops selling overpriced must-haves. 
“Too much of a good thing?” Ethan smiled down at her, then turned his attention to a particularly fashionable window. “That dress would look smashing on you.” He nodded.
Jerry followed his gaze and nearly sighed with admiration. The emerald green, beaded. gown shimmered with sparkling crystals in the midday sun. The simple cut, a sweetheart neckline and long, straight, skirt would hug her in all the right places.
“It’s beautiful, but I can’t imagine where I’d wear it.” They both stopped to admire the twinkling beauty.
“We’ll find a place, trust me. Let’s go in.” Ethan was pulling her towards the boutique’s door.
“Ethan, no.” Jerry told him in hushed tones as she pulled back slightly. “My closet is filled already.” She doubted her checking account could handle the purchase, and she knew that Nate would never approve it as a business expense. 
“Let’s just see how it looks on you,” he coaxed, giving her a killer smile.
When Jerry emerged from the dressing room, Ethan nearly swallowed his tongue. She was a vision; the dress fit her like a glove, emphasizing her small waist, elongating her already slender neck, and creating an alluring décolletage that beckoned him to bury his face in her smooth skin.
“Amazing.” Though standing was suddenly difficult, he couldn’t help but go and touch her. Placing both hands on her shoulders, he turned her towards the three-way mirror. “Just look at how lovely you are.” 
Her shoulders tingled beneath his touch, and his hot breath brought goose bumps to her neck, but it was the hungry look in his eyes that had Jerry’s knees wanting to buckle. She managed to stay upright, heeding his request to look at their reflection. 
The couple in the mirror was sophisticated, polished, and gorgeous. Jerry very nearly did not recognize the woman as herself, when she finally pulled her eyes away from Ethan’s. 
“The dress is lovely,” she breathed, still in awe of the perfection of their reflection.
“Yes, but it’s you who brings it to life. Simply stunning.” Ethan trailed his hands down her arms, pleased when he heard her breath hitch at his touch. 
“I’m not buying it.” Jerry tried to keep her cool, but the feel of his warm fingers, and the closeness of his body, made it difficult.
“Of course not.” He inched closer until he could smell the light scent of strawberry that drifted up from her hair. They stood there for a long moment, staring into each other’s eyes in the mirror.
“Aren’t you two the ones in the paper?” A nasally voice broke the spell of the moment. 
With obvious effort, Ethan let go of Jerry, stepped back, and turned towards the intruder. “Our picture was in the newspaper this morning.” He said politely to the short woman holding a purse almost as wide as she was.
“It thought it was you. See Maude, I told you we’d see some celebrities on this street.” She nodded to her friend, barely visible over the clothing display.
“Excuse me,” Jerry made her escape back into the dressing room, leaving Ethan to handle the women’s curiosity.
“So who are you?” The woman continued, unconcerned with the rudeness of her question.
“We’re nobody, just a couple who happen to enjoy the opera. If you ladies will excuse me,” Ethan gave them both a smile, before heading over to the cash register, discreetly tucked into the corner of the boutique.
Arrangements to send the dress to their condo were completed before Jerry ever exited the dressing room. 

~~~

During dessert at the third café they’d patronized, Jerry received a text from Nate. Her smile froze in place as she read the cryptic message. It took effort to make it genuine as she raised her face to Ethan and the crowded room.
“Ooh, look honey, the dealer can deliver our painting this afternoon. I’m so excited, can we leave now?” She handed the phone to Ethan.
“Found her. Meet back at your place” was the message that sent a shiver of dread along Ethan’s skin. “Sure, sweetie, let’s go.” Handing her the phone, he tossed several bills on the table and stood to take her hand. 
The tall, black haired man in the corner watched them leave. He’d been watching them since they came in, from his perch behind an oversized palm tree. She was perfect; tall, stunning with the same luscious brown hair as his Beth. 
He’d come out today in hopes of running into the new couple, having seen their image plastered on the society section of the newspaper for the past few days. He wondered if she was as lovely in person as the camera suggested. He was not disappointed.
His sweet Sonja had proven to be a disappointment. Watching the life drain from her eyes had not given him the satisfaction he’d anticipated. It was because her Randall left town too soon, he thought, forcing him to move up the seduction timetable before he’d had a chance to adequately get to know her. He’d only been following Sonja a week before Randall left, giving him the opening he needed. He’d rushed the whole thing, not even taking time to find a replacement. 
As soon as he’d seen Jerry’s image in the paper, he’d known she was the one. Now that he had found her in person, he was certain. The way she moved her head when she laughed at the supposed Duke, reminded him of Beth. When she walked away from the table, her hips swayed with natural provocation, just like Beth’s. 
He would take his time with this one, he thought, taking a last sip of coffee. No matter if he had to romance her from underneath Bennett’s nose, he would make this one special. Keeping his eyes on the pair as they waited at the crosswalk, he casually stood and followed them down the street.
Chapter Twelve

“A chopper spotted her on a ledge, miles from nowhere. There are a few hiking trails in the area, but it’s not a very populated spot. Forensics is searching for tire tracks, footprints, and anything else, on the landing above the cliffs. We could get lucky; it hasn’t rained in a few days, so the freshest ones could be his.” Nate’s image on the monitor looked weary.
“There’s no doubt that it’s Sonja?” Jerry asked.
“No, it’s definitely her. Time of death is roughly forty-six hours ago. She’s remarkably well-preserved for being left in the wild for two days.”
“Same M.O.?” Dylan’s long gait was eating up the hardwoods in front of the wall of windows. 
“Clean slice on her neck, right to left. Tossed her over the cliff like she was a ragdoll. Sucker’s powerful; Sonja was not a petite girl.”
“None of them have been petite. He likes his women tall.” Ethan interjected.
“Did you guys spot anyone fitting his description this morning?” Nate asked.
“Not really. Men with longish black hair are not exactly a phenomenon in this part of the country. San Francisco has its share of hippies. But no one matching the description, and also resembling a linebacker, wearing designer clothing, stood out. And he would.” Jerry left the pacing to Dylan; she’d already done her share of walking for the day. Instead, she and Ethan sat together on the sofa.
“What about you, Dylan, did Kim, or the neighbor, know anything useful?”
“Actually, yes. The neighbor confirmed the description of the red Mas, but she didn’t offer much else. Kim gave us a list of places that Sonja frequented, said Sonja was a stickler for her schedule, up until Oscar came on the scene. She confirmed what she’d already told Jerry, the guy had money and a British accent. Other than that, she didn’t have many details. Sonja was uncharacteristically private about their relationship.”
“Matches what we already know.” Nate began scribbling something on the pad in front of him. “Dylan, go back to Kim and let her know that we found Sonja. Jerry, call Kim soon afterward, to check in. Try to get close to her, be a friend. She may know something more than what she’s told Dylan, even if she doesn’t remember it now. She’s the closest link we’ve got to his latest victim.”
“Will do, Boss.” Dylan and Jerry spoke in unison.
“Ethan, meet me at the drop-kill zone. I’m sending the coordinates and a car. Maybe you’ll notice something similar to his other drop zones.”
“On my way.” Ethan nodded.
“Jerry, watch your back. Just because you didn’t see him this morning, doesn’t mean that he didn’t spot you.” Nate’s stern warning filled the room.
“Yes, sir.” Jerry gave him a reassuring smile, just before the screen went black.
“He’s right. We could have missed him, especially if he was behind us. Neither of us were very observant when we left the café.” Ethan frowned.
“I’ll be fine. I’ll be here until Rodney takes me to Kim’s, assuming I get an invitation.”
“Get an invitation.” Dylan growled and stopped pacing. Nate’s right, she’s the best link we have to Sonja, at the moment.”
“I know.” Jerry looked up at Dylan. “Get out of here, would ya? The sooner you make notification, the sooner I can do my thing.”
“I’m going.” Dylan tweaked her head as he walked by the couch. “Be careful, princess.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Jerry answered.
“Yes, please be careful.” Ethan turned to her as Dylan closed the door. “He could already be watching you.”
“Jeez, you’d think that I was a shrinking violet. You do remember that I’m a trained agent, right?”
“Yes, I remember. But I still want you to be careful.” Ethan leaned over to squeeze her hand. Just then, his phone buzzed. “Looks like the car’s here. I’m off.” 
“You be careful, too.” Jerry grinned up at him, surprised when she saw Ethan’s face lean down to hers. The kiss he dropped on her forehead was both friendly, and filled with promise.

~~~

“Call Kim now, Jerry. She’s a mess.” Dylan’s voice was terse over the phone, but Jerry understood. Notifications were never easy. “I’m sure she can use a friend.”
“I’m sure she could.” Jerry’s voice was filled with sympathy. “How about you?”
“I’m not the one to worry about, but that was rough.” Dylan conceded.
“I know. Those two were close. Are you coming back here?”
“Not yet. I think I’ll join Nate and Ethan at the crime scene. I’ll see you later. Be careful.”
“Will do.” Jerry tried to hide her irritation at the men’s constant warnings to be careful. She knew how to handle herself; Dylan and Nate damn well knew it.
Kim answered on the first ring, tears evident in her voice.
“Kim? It’s Jerry. Are you okay, what’s wrong?” Jerry didn’t have to pretend concern. Her heart broke for the young woman who’d just lost her best friend.
“It’s Sonja. She’s dead.” Kim wailed through the receiver.
“Dead? Are you alone, can I come over? You shouldn’t be alone.” Jerry’s innate sense of compassion overtook any agency training.
“Could you? The FBI agent just left, and I don’t know what to do.” Kim sounded so grateful, Jerry nearly winced at the deception. But it couldn’t be helped.
“I’m on my way.” Jerry disconnected, grabbed her purse, and bolted for the door. 
She didn’t notice the shiny, dark blue sedan, pull away from the curb as she and Rodney drove by. Rodney picked up the tail almost immediately. 
“Looks like we’ve got company.” He told her, glancing in the rearview mirror.
“Someone is following us?” Surprised, Jerry nearly turned to look out the back window, but she stopped in the nick of time. “Can you see the driver?”
“No, he’s staying too far behind. I’m gonna do an experiment. Sit tight.” Rodney told her just before he swerved sharply to the left, making an unannounced turn. Jerry skidded halfway across the seat.
Is he still there?” she asked.
“Yep, still with us. What should I do, keep going to Kim’s?”
“No, pull over at the first coffee shop you see. I’ll jump out and grab a few things to take to Kim’s. If he stays with us, we’ll know it’s him.”
“There’s one up ahead, but I can’t find a close park. I’m not letting you walk down the street by yourself.”
“Don’t be silly, Randall. Grabbing a woman off the street is not his M.O. He likes to wine and dine his victims, lull them into a relationship. Besides, I know how to protect myself.” Jerry’s tone was more exasperated than it would normally have been, but she was fed up with the males in her world thinking she needed their protection. 
“Okay, okay. Don’t get so snooty. I’m just following orders. It’s a moot point, anyway, a space just opened up.” He guided the large car into a parallel parking space. 
Jerry didn’t even look around as she exited the car, even though the desire to do so was palpable. She took her time walking to the coffee shop, stopping to admire the display in the adjacent boutique. The reflection of a shiny blue sedan passed smoothly beside her town car, driving slower than necessary. She strained to see the driver’s reflection, but couldn’t for the tinted windows.
Rodney was busy jotting down the license plate numbers as the blue sedan passed by. He called it in as he watched the car stop at the next stop sign, before making a left turn.
Jerry came back to the car laden with two large coffees and a box of pastries. The dark blue sedan was nowhere to be seen.
“Did you get the license?” She asked Rodney as she slid into the backseat.
“They’re running it now.” He told her.
“Where did he go?”
“Turned left at the next corner. If he’s going around the block, he should be coming up on us again, soon.”
“Let’s sit a moment and find out.”
Before Jerry had finished the sentence, the dark blue sedan turned left onto the street behind them. Rodney spotted it immediately. “There he is. Time to go.”
Maneuvering the town car back into traffic in front of the sedan was a challenge, but Rodney managed it. Soon, they were headed to Kim’s, the sedan maintaining a discreet distance behind them.
“He’s definitely following us. What do you want to do?” Rodney looked at Jerry in the rearview mirror.
“Go to Kim’s. For all he knows, I’m visiting a friend. How soon before we have the license plate information?”
“Didn’t say, but they know it’s a priority. What’s our next move?”
“I visit Kim, as planned. Even if we have him, she’s expecting me, and she needs a friend right now. You keep an eye on him, try to get a visual on his face. Oh, and contact Nate, bring him up to speed.” Jerry gathered the pastry box and coffee cups, as Rodney pulled to the curb in front of Kim’s building.
“We’re not going to arrest him?” Rodney was surprised.
“On what charge? Driving around in San Francisco? He’s left no DNA evidence, of any kind, on any of the bodies. He’s changed his appearance since Europe, so we can’t legally tie him to those murders. The only evidence we have is the description from a stoned woman, who saw him drive away with Sonja on the day she was killed. That’s not enough to get an arrest warrant, much less a conviction.” Jerry paused with her hand on the door handle. “At this point, we have to catch him in the act, in order to pin the other murders on him. So we play the game.”
Rodney’s eyes grew wide. “So you really are bait, not just a lure. You’re gonna let him try to kill you?”
“That’s the plan.” Jerry nodded. “Call Nate. He’ll want to get a tail on him right away. See ya.” She jumped out of the car before Rodney could ask any more questions. The thoughts of getting close to a killer made her skin crawl, but someone had to do it. The good news was that he was focused on her now, but it disturbed her that she wasn’t aware of when she’d caught his eye. Had her attraction to Ethan interfered with her powers of observation? 
Jerry’s musings stopped when Kim opened the door. The woman was obviously distraught and still a little in shock. Jerry made herself at home, tending to her as if she were an old friend.
“I can’t believe that she’s gone.” Kim placed her uneaten pastry on the plate in front of her. “I saw her just the other day, we went to the new boutique opening in the mall. And I talked with her the next day, the day she died,” a sob broke through her words.
“You said you spoke with her on the phone, just before she met Oscar?” Jerry patted Kim’s hand to comfort and encourage her to continue. She hated probing for answers, but Kim could help their case by providing details she may not be aware that she knew.
“Yes. She was so excited, she really believed that Oscar could be it, you know?” Kim blew her nose loudly. “She said he was so kind and attentive, he made her feel like a princess. What kind of man does that? Makes a woman fall for him, then kills her?”
“A sicko, that’s for sure.” Jerry commiserated before prodding further. “What else did she say about him? It might help you to talk about it, and it might help the cops catch him.”
“I know, I’ve been trying to remember ever since that nice FBI agent, Dylan something or other, left. She said he was punctual, wealthy, and British. He was close to our age, I think, maybe in his early thirties. Sonja joked that he didn’t need little blue pills.” Kim turned to Jerry to explain. “Randall is a good bit older than Sonja.”
“Got it.” Jerry smiled and nodded. “Did Sonja mention the places they liked to go?”
“That was one of the things she really liked about him, he wasn’t afraid to be seen with her in public.” Kim shook her head. “One of the worst aspects of dating married men is the isolation. We can do whatever we like, on our own, or with friends. The majority of our time together is spent inside the condo, unless we go out of town.” Kim didn’t appear at all embarrassed to discuss her situation.
“I know what you mean. Before Ethan, I was seeing a married man. It can suck, at times.” Jerry tried to guide Kim back to Sonja and Oscar’s outings. “It’s nice that Sonja was able to enjoy herself these past few weeks.”  Jerry winced when she realized what she’d said. Sonja may have enjoyed herself, but she did so with her killer.
Kim didn’t miss the connection. “I know, at least she had fun, and fell in love. That’s always such a nice feeling. Why couldn’t it have been real? Sonja deserved better than that.” Fresh tears began to flow. 
“I agree, but let’s focus on the good. Sonja had fun, she was excited about new possibilities. Where did they go?”
“He took her to dinner, fancy ones, you know? Once to The Arbors, and once to Patron’s, but she didn’t mention the others. He also managed to get tickets to that new club, Diablo’s. She loved that, getting all dressed up, and going on real dates.” Kim sniffled.
“Did you ever meet him?” Jerry asked softly.
“No. Sonja said he wanted to keep their relationship private, special. Just between the two of them. That suited her as well. If Randall found out about Oscar, Sonja would be looking for a new place to live, among other things. She wanted to make sure that she had a future with Oscar, before she told Randall anything.”
“That’s understandable.” Jerry offered.
“Oh, my God, Randall. Does he know that Sonja’s dead? Does he know that she was seeing someone else? I should have asked that nice FBI agent. Sonja wouldn’t want Randall to know about Oscar. She really did care for him. She just wanted something of her own, you know? Marriage and a family.” Kim began searching for Dylan’s card. “He said I could call him. Do you think I’m being silly?”
“No, you’re not. You’re simply looking out for your friend’s wishes. It won’t hurt to call the agent.” Jerry glanced down at the pastry Kim had left on the plate. “Have you eaten anything today? I’m happy to order lunch, or fix something for you, before I leave.”
“I can’t think about food right now, but Charlie’s coming over in a couple of hours. We’re having dinner together. Maybe by then, I’ll feel like eating.”
“Is there anything else I can do for you? I can only imagine what you’re going through, I wish I could be of more help.”
“You’ve been great. We hardly know each other, yet you ran right over here when I needed someone. I really appreciate that.” Kim looked at her gratefully. “It’s time I called a few friends who need to hear about Sonja from me, not on the news.” Kim sighed audibly.
“Would you like me to stay while you make the calls?”
“No, thanks. I really think I need to be alone for a while, you know?”
“Sure. You’ve got my number, call me if you need anything.”
“I will.” Kim gave Jerry a quick hug, before walking her to the door.

~~~

“What’s the word on our friend?” Jerry asked Rodney, as soon as she closed the car door. “I see he’s still parked down the street.”
“The plates are registered to a Sarah Besher, but they don’t match the car he’s driving. He must have switched them, so no help there. Nate put a tail on him, even though I haven’t been able to get a good look at his face.” Rodney pulled away from the curve into traffic and watched as the blue sedan followed suit. “It has to be him, though. Who else would be following us around?”
“No one that I know of.” Jerry sat back in the seat and closed her eyes, glad to be away from Kim’s grief. “If it is the son-of-a-bitch, I hope he makes his move soon.” Rodney read the anger in her voice, loud and clear.
“Nate said to tell you that Casanova left no DNA, or fingerprints that they could find, but they did get a decent tire track near where the body went over the cliff.”
“That’s something, at least.” Jerry sighed. “Take me home, please, Rodney. And park in the garage. Let’s see if our shadow can talk his way into a secured building.”
“Sounds like a plan.”

~~~

Ethan’s impatience nearly got the best of him in the bumper to bumper traffic on the way back to the condo. He’d left the crime scene as soon as Rodney had let them know that Casanova was following Jerry. The site was only thirty minutes out of the city, but at the pace they were traveling, it would take him nearly an hour and a half to get home. He didn’t want Jerry there alone, no matter what she said about taking care of herself.
The ride gave him a chance to inspect his feelings, without the distraction of her presence. He still couldn’t get over how attached he felt to her, after knowing her for such a short time. The attraction was elemental, primal, and something he couldn’t explain if his life depended on it. The need to protect her grew stronger with every passing moment; he didn’t know how to stop it, or if he even wanted to.
His mother always told him that one day he’d meet a woman who would bring him to his knees. Amused by his flippant attitude towards dating and marriage, she often used the old adage, ‘the more stubborn they are, the harder they fall’ when discussing his love life, or lack thereof. She was frustrated that his career meant more to him than settling down and starting a family, and she never missed an opportunity to remind him that he wasn’t getting any younger. 
He wondered briefly what she would think of Jerry, then decided that she’d probably love her. Being a strong, independent, woman, his mother would appreciate those same qualities in Jerry. The fact that she was drop-dead gorgeous, and would give her beautiful grandchildren, wouldn’t hurt either. Ethan smiled at the thought of his mother’s delight, if he told her he’d finally fallen in love.
Love.  Children. Where in hell had those thoughts come from? He’d known Jerry less than a week, and he was already thinking about marriage? Ethan’s smile turned into a scowl. What in the name of sense was happening to him? Sure, he felt a connection with Jerry, more so than he’d ever felt with anyone. But couldn’t the connection stem from the unusual circumstances? He was chasing a killer, one they hoped would target her, that alone could be the reason for his protective instincts. He was living with her after all, pretending to be in love. Maybe he was experiencing nothing more than transference. He’d had female partners before, but none had elicited such intense feelings. Jerry made him want to slay dragons, and tame lions, just in case they crossed her path. 
Now that the killer had noticed her, he wanted nothing more than to never leave her side. But that wasn’t part of the plan. At some point, he had to let Jerry be alone with the monster. It was the only way they could hope to nail him. His gut rolled at the idea of deliberately placing her in danger. 
It was simple, he thought. They’d have to come up with a better plan. No way could he allow Jerry to go off with Casanova on her own, no matter how many agents followed their every move. Feeling better about his decision, Ethan relaxed against the plush leather, letting his thoughts drift to images of caramel-haired children, with almond shaped eyes.

~~~

The man Sonja called Oscar drove past the building that his new love called home. The driver entered the parking garage, which likely meant that she would be home for a while. It was just as well, the day had gone better than he’d hoped, surely a sign that she was meant for him. Running into the couple at the café was divine intervention, as far as he was concerned. Discovering her place of residence, and getting a description of her car, was another coup. Everything was falling into place.
It was time for him to make preparations, the first being to change his appearance. Hair color was so easy to alter; maybe he’d go red this time, or reddish brown. He’d have to give it some thought. 
He also needed a new car. The Mas was a bit too conspicuous, but it had done the job in helping to attract his victims in the bay area. San Francisco; who knew that this old city would provide such a plethora of beauties for his pleasure? 
As he made his way up the hills near the Presidio, he congratulated himself on his selection. It was a stroke of luck that the Forresters happened to be summering in Monte Carlo, and offered him their lovely home. Reminding himself to send them a bottle of champagne, he turned the blue sedan into the steep driveway of their ultra-modern home. The garage door was whisper quiet as it closed behind him. 

~~~

Ethan came through the door with a look of determination that Jerry had yet to see on his chiseled face. He further surprised her by marching directly towards her, as she stood by the wall of windows.
Taking her by the arms, he searched her face. “Are you okay?” The earnestness in his voice would have been endearing, if the circumstances were different. As it was, his concern served to piss Jerry off.
“Oh. My. God. I am sick to death of you all treating me like I’m some incompetent female, who needs a big strong man to take care of her. May I remind you that I am a trained FBI agent, top of my survival class at Quantico, and perfectly capable of kicking your collective butts, all the way to that bridge.” Jerry nodded towards the Golden Gate as she maneuvered her arms from Ethan’s grip. “Where do you guys get off reminding me to be careful with every other breath, or telling me to stay inside until one of you is with me?” She tossed her phone towards the sofa, Dylan’s text message telling her to stay put still visible on the screen.
Jerry dressed in formal finery for the opera was stunning. Jerry ready to tackle a yoga class made his blood boil. But Jerry in a full-blown snit was magnificent. Ethan lowered his arms, trying not to smile in appreciation as she continued her rant.
“First, Rodney doesn’t think I can walk down the block alone. Then, Nate tells me to go straight home, Dylan texts me to “stay put” and now you come in all concerned for my welfare. Who are you people? Do I need to wear my badge around, just to remind you that I’m more than capable of taking care of myself?” She began pacing the length of the wall, Ethan moved out of her way. 
“So we caught his attention, that’s a good thing. That was the plan, was it not? Now, we let him make contact.” 
“No!” Ethan caught Jerry by the arm as she walked by. “We find another way get him, one in which you are not the bait.”
Surprised by the vehemence of his response, Jerry allowed Ethan to hold onto her arm. “What do you mean, we find another way? This was the plan all along, attract him, then catch him in the act. It’s the only way we’re sure of a conviction. It’s the only way we can absolutely get him off the streets.”
“There has to be another way. I will not let him get close to you.” Ethan turned her around to face him. “No matter how competent you are, no matter that you received top honors at Quantico, no plan is foolproof. I will not risk you.” Ethan grabbed her by both arms and hauled her to him, his eyes sending sparks, straight into hers.
Jerry was taken off guard by the passion she saw reflected in his face, but the fire in his eyes kept her from pushing him away. She wanted his arms around her, longed to feel his lips on hers once again, this time with meaning. She got her wish.
The first time she’d tasted him was sweet, and caused butterflies to take flight from her center. Now, as he crushed her lips to his, she couldn’t help but be possessed by an all-consuming passion that obliterated any thoughts, leaving room only for a rush of emotion that charged her senses, and melded her to him. Her first and last coherent thought was that ‘you really do see stars.’
Ethan felt her surrender in the small part of his mind that still worked. She tasted like honey, and heat, and the first dew of springtime. As her body molded to his, he tilted her head and took the kiss deeper, blocking out all reason, giving himself to the pure pleasure that swirled around him.
Neither knew how long they kissed, neither cared. It was difficult to say which one held up the other; both were balanced against each other, as they fell into an abyss filled with psychedelic colors, shooting stars, and the pounding of one heart. 
It was no wonder they missed the front door opening. 
“Ahem,” Dylan cleared his throat loudly, taken aback though he was, by the scene he’d walked in on. 
Ethan broke the kiss long enough to glance over his shoulder, but he never loosened his grip on Jerry. She didn’t even try to move. “Not now, Dawes,” he growled, then tightened his hold, as Jerry came back to her senses, and began pulling away.
“Sorry Slick, but I have news about Casanova. You remember, the case we’re working? The reason that you’re here?” Dylan tried to keep it light, but inside he was seething. He knew Slick would try to weasel his way into Jerry’s heart, but he thought she was smart enough to block him. Apparently, he needed to rethink the situation. If what he’d walked in on was any indication, they were either already sleeping together, or soon would be. Jerry deserved better than a player like Barnes, but she was also stubborn enough to have to find out for herself. He’d just have to help pick up the pieces when the son-of-a-bitch walked away.
Jerry placed her hand on Ethan’s heart, shaking her head slightly. He dropped his arms, and let her go. Stepping away from him was like throwing ice water onto a raging inferno, but she put as much distance between them as was possible. From the look on Dylan’s face, he had pretty strong opinions on her getting involved with Ethan, but that was his problem. She’d had enough of men thinking they could tell her what to do.
As casually as possible, she walked past Dylan and into the kitchen. “What’s up?” She asked as she surveyed the fridge. 
“It’s possible that our boy got careless with Sonja. The M.E. found a partial fingerprint on her arm. The bad news is that it could be Sonja’s, he’s checking to be sure. I thought you’d like to know, didn’t mean to interrupt.” If looks could kill, Ethan would be lying dead on the floor.
Ethan ignored the other man’s scowl, he’d grown accustomed to Dylan’s attitude. “That’s good, because we need a new plan. There’s no way Jerry should be alone with him.” He stated his opinion as if it were fact.
Jerry came back into the room with three bottled waters. She tossed one to each of the men, then settled on the sofa. “I thought we discussed this already. Acting as bait is not only my job, but it’s the only way to convict him. Up until now, and this possible fingerprint, every piece of evidence we have on him is circumstantial. If we arrest him and he walks, how many more women will he kill, before we find him again?”
“Yes, but if the fingerprint is viable, and it’s not Sonja’s, we could arrest him right now.” Ethan argued.
“Maybe in Europe, but here we play by the book, it’s the only way charges will stick. We’ll have to get his prints legally, like from a discarded drink, then match them up. Now that he’s noticed Jerry, she’s our best way to accomplish that without disturbing the chain of evidence.” Dylan perched on the arm of the sofa.
“So, it’s okay if Jerry gets killed, as long as you preserve your chain of evidence?” Ethan’s stance indicated that he was ready for a fight.
“Who said anything about Jerry getting killed? We’ll be on her every minute. No way Casanova will get a chance to take her into the woods, if the print is good.” Dylan crossed his legs and waited for the explosion. Ethan was playing the protective lover to the hilt, he had to hand it to him. If he didn’t know what a scum the man was, even he would be impressed. 
“If the print is good?” Ethan stalked towards Dylan. “I don’t care about the stupid print, she’s not getting into a car with that maniac, much less going into the woods with him. We need a new plan.” Ethan fumed, leveling his eyes at Dylan. “One that doesn’t include Jerry being alone with him.”
“Hold on a damn minute!” Jerry stood and glared at Ethan. “I decide what’s an acceptable risk, not you, or you,” she shared the glare with Dylan, “or anyone else. Me. The sooner you get that straight, the smoother this operation will be.” Jerry paused to take a breath, then softened her tone. “I appreciate your concern, Ethan, but I understand the dangers, and I’m confident that I can handle them.” She held up a finger to stop Ethan from speaking. “The only time he presents any danger to his victims is right at the end, when he kills them. If being part of an attempted murder is the only way to get this guy, then I’m game.”
“No, you’re insane.” Ethan had heard enough. “What are you going to do, let him come up behind you with a knife, then turn the tables on him, just in the nick of time? That’s crazy. We know he keeps his victims in the dark about their final ‘adventure’, so we won’t even be able to set up in the area to protect you. We can follow, but what if we get there too late? It only takes a second to sever the carotid artery, then you’re dead.”
“You’re assuming he’ll get close enough to me to use the knife.” Jerry’s eyes gleamed. “Not gonna happen.”
“I think he needs a demonstration.” Dylan interjected, barely concealing his amusement.
“I don’t want to hurt him.” Jerry’s tone was serious.
“He can take it, can’t you Slick?” Dylan all but wrung his hands in glee. “There’s lots of room, right there in front of the window. Go on, Ethan, try to sneak up on her.” Dylan discreetly aimed the camera on his phone at the perplexed man.
“What, you want me to try and hurt her?” Ethan glanced between Jerry and Dylan. “You’ve both lost it.”
“You could try,” Jerry scoffed. “As if.” She rolled her eyes and began to pile cushions on the floor. “May as well give you a soft place to land,” she winked at Dylan, then smiled sweetly at Ethan.
“You seriously think you can take me?” Ethan balked at even thinking of harming Jerry, but if he could prove his point with a gentle demonstration, he’d give it a try. Besides, he didn’t like the competitive gleam in her eye. Maybe it was time for a lesson in humility.
“We’ll never know unless we try.” Jerry deliberately turned her back on him. “Whenever you’re ready.” She spoke to the opposite wall. “I’ll even close my eyes.” 
Dylan hit record button on his phone.
Ethan slipped off his shoes in order to help silence his approach. Jerry shook her hands out to the sides, limbering up. She waited, alert for even the slightest movement. Dylan didn’t bother to hide his grin any longer, as he checked to make sure the camera was positioned correctly to capture Slick’s embarrassment. 
Jerry was not the only one who had passed rigorous training with flying colors; Ethan knew how to be stealthy, and moved up behind her without making a whisper of a sound. His intention was to grab her arms, with the utmost care, of course, and hold them behind her back, effectively proving his point.
Jerry felt the air move as he came closer to her. She’d always had the senses of a cat, and she used every one of them now. Without outwardly moving, she braced herself as she felt him reach for her.
Ethan never saw her move. One second, he was reaching for her arms, the next he was lying flat on his back, looking up into her beautiful face.
“You were saying?” Jerry’s voice held the slightest hint of a taunt as she held her arm out towards him. The stunned look on his face was reward enough, so she did her level best not to laugh.
Dylan was not as circumspect. Lying sideways on the sofa, holding his sides from laughter, he still managed to keep the cell phone aimed at Ethan, sprawled on the floor.
Ethan took Jerry’s hand, more from a desire not to be rude, than from necessity, and let her help him up. His breath was coming back, slowly. He couldn’t remember the last time he got the wind knocked out of him.
“Impressive.” He told her when he was upright. “Thanks for thinking of the pillows.”
“My pleasure.” Jerry told him sweetly. “I hope I didn’t hurt you.”
“Not at all; I’m just a little winded, that’s all.” Ethan felt more pride in Jerry than humiliation that she had bested him. “How did you know I was there?”
“Shut up, Dylan,” Jerry admonished him, before answering Ethan. “I just knew. My reflexes have always been pretty good.” She didn’t bother elaborating on the fact that, all too often, her survival as a child had depended on her quick instincts.
“I’d say that was more than reflexes; it’s as if you have eyes in the back of your head.” Ethan turned his back to Dylan, effectively ignoring him.
“Do you see, now, why I’m not worried about Oscar, or whatever he’s calling himself? I really am perfectly capable of taking care of myself.”
“I never doubted your capabilities, but things don’t always go according to plan. What if he changes his M.O. and surprises you? You’ll have to be on guard every second you’re with him.”
“Ethan, I’ve done this before, many times. I know how to operate undercover. Please stop worrying ‘cause you’re really starting to piss me off.” Jerry’s voice was kinder than her words.
“Maybe he needs another demonstration.” Dylan looked, and sounded, hopeful.
“Shut up, Dylan.” 
“Shut up, Dawes.” 
Jerry and Ethan spoke as one. Ethan continued. 
“Don’t you have somewhere else to be?” He growled.
“Nope, right here is just fine.” Dylan wasn’t about to admit that he didn’t want to leave Jerry alone with Ethan. “Besides, Nate should be calling with an update soon.”
“Could we speak privately?” Ethan asked Jerry.
“Of course, but it won’t make a difference. I see no reason to alter the plan, unless the situation changes.” Jerry answered Dylan’s scowl with a look of exasperation, as she led Ethan to the bedroom. At the moment, she’d like to toss both men over her shoulder.
Ethan touched her arm as soon as they were alone, turning her to face him. “I know you’re insulted that I want to change the plan, and I’m sorry,” he began. “The truth is that I’ve never felt this way about a partner, or anyone, and I’m pretty much flying by the seat of my pants, as my housekeeper used to say.”
Jerry’s heart began to race, but she played it cool. Could he feel for her the way she felt for him? They barely knew each other. “Sounds like your housekeeper was from the South.” She smiled.
“As a matter of fact, she was.” Ethan returned her smile, stepping closer. “I have no idea what this is between us, but I know you feel it too.  Bottom line, I would rather walk into a hungry lion’s den than watch you ride off with a killer. Every instinct I have is screaming at me to protect you, whether you need it or not.” He hastened to add.
Jerry held his gaze, then relaxed, and leaned closer. “I do feel it, and I don’t know what it is either. It’s almost as if there’s a thick cord connecting us. I know it sounds crazy, but I feel like I’ve known you forever.”
“I feel the same. It’s as if you’re a part of me, even though I hardly know you. I’d like to rectify that.” Ethan leaned towards her as Jerry pulled away, a look of surprise on her face. “No, I’d like to get to know you, not change the way I feel,” he explained and she relaxed again. 
“I’d like that, too. But it won’t change the fact that I will do my job. You’ll have to come to terms with that, one way or another.” Jerry leaned towards Ethan, but this time he pulled away.
“I’m not sure that I can do that.” He told her honestly. “I picture you in danger, and my head nearly explodes.”
Jerry tried an experiment, picturing Ethan in a life-threatening situation. Her gut clenched. “Okay. I get it. But we have to work through this. I’m an agent, you’re an agent. Danger comes with the territory.”
“Of course, I know that. This could be one of the reasons that fraternization is frowned upon at Interpol.”
“Could be.” Jerry agreed. “Fraternization,” she grinned at him, “sounds like fun.”
“Could be.” He agreed and drew her into his arms.

~~~

The pair returned to the living room several minutes later, to find Dylan in a heated conversation. 
“If that’s the best you can do, maybe you should look for another job.” His frustration was tangible as he disconnected the call, before throwing the phone across the sofa.
“Who licked the red off your candy?” Jerry asked, trying to appear calmer than she felt. Ethan’s kisses, and their mutual declaration, had her emotions in a tailspin.
“The damn fingerprint is apparently ‘too smudged to be of use’,” Dylan quoted. “They can’t even tell if it’s Sonja’s or the unsub’s.”
“We knew it was a longshot. Whose head did you bite off?” Jerry asked.
“Some techy guy in the local lab. Why Nate didn’t send it off to Quantico, I’ll never know.”
“Are you finally ready to admit that Jimmy knows what he’s doing?” 
“He’s gotta be better than these yahoos.” Dylan scowled. He knew that he’d overreacted, and he also knew why. It was obvious from the kiss he walked in on, and from the private confab in the bedroom, that Jerry and Ethan were more than partners, a situation that he despised. Jerry deserved better than Slick would ever give her, he knew it in his gut.
“Did Nate call? What’s the word on Oscar?” Ethan asked.
“They tailed him to a home near the Presidio. Very posh. They’re running down the owners now.” Dylan hated to give Ethan his due, but right was right. “Looks like you were spot on about him staying in a friend’s house; the owners of record are James and Ellen Forrester; an elderly couple with a penchant for travel.”
Ethan acknowledged the compliment with a nod. “What about the cars? Did the agents see the Mas?”
“No. The home has a three car garage with separate openings for each bay. We do know that the Mas is not registered to the home, but the blue sedan is. There’s also a Prius registered to the owners. We can only assume that it’s parked in the third bay.”
“Nate’s arranging for tracking devices to be placed on all of the cars, I presume.” Jerry dropped down in a chair across from Dylan.
“Of course. As soon as we get a court order for the security code, we can go in overnight.”
Ethan busied himself with replacing the cushions that broke his fall, back on the furniture. “I hope the agents tagging the cars are more competent than the fingerprint tech.”
“I’ll handle it myself. There’s no room for error on this one.” Dylan assured him, just as his phone rang. He retrieved it from the other end of the sofa by the second ring. “It’s Kim.” He told them and placed the phone on speaker.
“Dylan Dawes.” He sounded very professional.
“Agent Dawes? This is Kim, Sonja’s friend.” Kim choked up on the word ‘Sonja.’
“Yes, Kim. What can I do for you?”
“I was hoping you hadn’t already told Randall about Oscar. Sonja wouldn’t want him to know.” Her voice caught on a sob.
“I understand, Kim, but I’m not sure how we can avoid telling him. Randall could shed some light on this Oscar, something that could help us catch him.”
“I don’t know how, Sonja only met Oscar after Randall left town. He couldn’t possibly know anything about him.”
“There’s still the matter of exactly how Oscar knew that Randall was leaving town. Randall may know more than you realize.” Dylan paused. “I’m sorry, Kim, but catching this guy is more important than one person’s feelings.” He hated to tell her that Randall already knew about Sonja, and had done everything he could to wash his hands of the whole mess. The man had about as much concern for his dead girlfriend as he would a tree stump in Indiana.
“Oh, well when you put it that way, I suppose it’s more important to catch the guy.” Kim’s voice trailed off.
“I’ll be sure and let him down easy,” Dylan assured her. “If you think of anything else that might be helpful, don’t hesitate to call.”
“I will. Thank you.” Kim disconnected the call.
“Poor girl, she actually believes that Randall gives two cents about her friend. The bastard was more concerned with getting her things out of the apartment than he was with how she died.”
“Must have another one lined up to take her place.” Jerry’s voice was filled with disgust.
“That’s quite likely.” Ethan threw her a sympathetic look. “You brought up a good point, Dawes. How did Casanova know when to target Sonja? Or the other three victims here? Maybe we should focus on finding that connection.”
“So far, there doesn’t seem to be one. The best we can deduce is that Oscar watches the apartment, follows the boyfriend to discover his identity, and somehow gets his schedule.”
“We should show a composite drawing to the men’s secretaries. They are the ones who likely make travel arrangements, maybe Oscar got to them somehow.”
“Good point.” Dylan punched a button, and soon Nate’s voice came over the speaker.
“Dawes, what in hell did you say to piss off the lab? I’ve been putting out fires for the last thirty minutes.” Nate said by way of a greeting.
“Sorry, Boss, I guess I lost my temper. But there’s no excuse for incompetence.”
“There’s also no excuse for your behavior. I expect that you’ll undo whatever you’ve done with a dynamite apology. Today.” Nate’s tone brooked no argument.
“Will do.” Dylan sighed. “Believe it or not, that’s not the reason I called. Where do we stand on the composite drawing of Casanova? Jerry had the idea to show it to the victim’s companion’s secretaries. We’ve hit a dead end on discovering how he determined when the men would be away, maybe he charmed the info out of their assistants.”
“Good point. We should have something in about an hour. You can take it with you and do an interview, after you square things with the local lab.”
“Yes, sir. I’m on my way.” Dylan clicked off. “Well, looks like you two are on your own.” He said as he stood. “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” He looked pointedly at Jerry.
“Well, that leaves the field wide open.” She teased.
“Very funny,” Dylan responded, then tossed a sideways scowl at Ethan. “I’ll be in touch, after I speak to the assistants.”
“Take your time.” Ethan told him, then moved to stand next to Jerry.
As the door closed behind Dylan, Ethan took Jerry’s hand and led her to the sofa. “Now that we’re alone, what do you say we get to know each other a little?” He noticed her slight frown, but also noticed that she quickly covered it with a polite smile. So the lady was reticent to talk about her past, he thought, and felt his curiosity level rise.
“Sure, we can do that.” Jerry tried not to sound as uncomfortable as she felt. Something told her that lying to Ethan about her childhood would be next to impossible. It was as if the man could see straight through her. Determined to direct the conversation away from the distant past, she chose to ask him about work. “You start. Tell me what led you to Interpol.”
Settling beside her on the sofa, Ethan turned sideways to face her. “It was a natural fit, really. We traveled so much when I was growing up, that I couldn’t imagine settling down in one place, for very long. I’ve always had an innate sense of justice, starting with Alice McDougal’s missing lunch in the second grade.” He paused, noting how Jerry had relaxed into the story.
“I take it you solved the case of Alice McDougal’s missing lunch?” Jerry smiled as she pictured a young Ethan, stalwart and serious, as he searched for clues.
“Absolutely. Turns out that her brother preferred her sandwich over his own.” Ethan grinned back at her. “I got a black eye and my first kiss for my troubles. I’ve been hooked on righting wrongs ever since.”
“Did Alice give you the black eye, the kiss, or both?” Jerry asked, laughing.
“Young Alice gave me the sweetest kiss, right here,” Ethan tapped his left cheek, “after her brother had punched me in the eye. I’ll never forget it.”
“And look at you today, chasing serial killers around the globe, fighting the good fight.”
“That’s right. I still get the same rush when we put one away, as I did back in the second grade, only now it’s much more satisfying. But I’m sure I don’t have to tell you that.”
“No, it’s amazing, the feeling I get when we take one off the street. You’ll probably think I’m crazy, but I always feel a little deflated after we’ve solved a case. Part of me loves the thrill of the hunt, trying to think like they do, and outsmart them at their own game.”
“I get it,” Ethan nodded. “If you didn’t enjoy that part of the job, you wouldn’t be very good at it.” He glanced at her before asking his next question. “Seems like the SSCD is a good fit for you, too. How did you find your way there?”
“Nothing as exciting as Alice MacDougal’s lunch,” Jerry lied and felt an instant pang of guilt. “I took a criminal justice course in my first year of college, and loved it. I haven’t looked back since.”
“I bet your parents were proud.” Ethan prodded gently. His instincts told him Jerry was avoiding any discussion of something painful in her past.
“I wouldn’t know. I grew up in the foster system.” She replied curtly.
Ethan knew by the way her shoulders tightened that he’d hit a nerve. “I imagine that was difficult.” He said softly.
For some reason, Jerry’s pat answers wouldn’t come. The sudden need to share everything with Ethan was overwhelming. But why? She’d never told anyone about the horrors she’d endured as a child. There was nothing anyone could do to change it, and she didn’t want sympathy. So why did she want, so much, to open up to Ethan?
“It was,” she closed her eyes as he took her hand. “It really was.”
“Would you like to talk about it?” Ethan saw the debate rage across her face. He hoped the desire to share would win; somehow he knew that she needed to talk it through.
“No, I’d like nothing more than to forget about it.” Jerry sighed. “But it’s always part of me, deep down.”
“Just because something is a part of you, doesn’t mean that it defines you.” Ethan squeezed her hand in support. 
“I know. What doesn’t kill us, makes us stronger, and all that.” Jerry replied, glancing over at the compassion on his face. “You probably thought I was a crazy person, crying the way I did after the opera.”
“You’d be surprised how often I’ve cried after the opera.” Ethan told her in all seriousness. “For some of us, the passion, and the story, and the music, touch a place where old emotions go to hide. It’s like ripping a bandage from a bloody wound; first you cry out from the pain, and then the air, and light, help it begin to heal.”
“That’s exactly how it felt. When Violetta died so young, for some reason, it made me remember my mother, which I haven’t done with kindness in a very long time. The tears helped, so did the memories.” Jerry’s smile was tremulous but genuine.
“Then, I’m glad we went.” Ethan assured her. “How old were you when she died?”
“Three. As far as I know, I have no other family. At least none that the courts could find. For the first year or so, I waited for her to come and get me, but of course she never did. Then I blamed her for leaving me to those people. I know now that blaming her was a coping mechanism, it was one way I kept my sanity, and got through it.”
Ethan wondered if she knew how much her voice changed when she mentioned ‘those people.’ His stomach clenched at the awful possibilities that could befall a child in the foster system. “The point is that you did get through it. Whatever happened back then, you are a strong, amazing woman today.” He brought her hand to his lips.
“Thank you.” Jerry realized he was giving her an out, a way to not speak of the atrocities, unless she wanted to. She appreciated his discretion and was surprised to find that it made her more inclined to talk. “I’ve never really told anyone about those years.” She confessed. “I’ve gotten pretty good at blocking out the ugly.”
“There’s no need to block anything out with me. There’s also no need to discuss it. I’m here, and I’m a good listener, but I won’t push you to tell me anything you’d prefer to keep to yourself.”
“It’s not a very pretty story,” Jerry hedged. “I couldn’t blame you for not wanting to hear it.”
“If you want to tell it, I want to hear it.” Ethan’s eyes met hers.
Jerry studied his face for a long moment before she began. Turning away from him, she stared out the window on an orange sunset, hovering over the city. She may be ready to talk about it, but she definitely couldn’t watch his face as she told him her secrets.
“I remember very little about the family who took me in, just after my mother died. That time is pretty much a blur, but for the feeling of waiting for her to come get me.” Jerry cleared her throat. “The beatings began with the second foster family. Apparently, I was a handful, at least that’s what he said, as he brought down the belt.” She felt Ethan stiffen beside her, but continued on, her voice dropping to a monotone. 
“Not long after the beatings became normal, my foster father began visiting my bedroom at night.” She had a death grip on Ethan’s hand, but she didn’t even notice. Ethan did his level best to keep his breathing steady, and not show the vile reaction he felt well up inside of him at her words.
“I remember that it was the night before my fifth birthday, the first time he raped me. He told me that I was a woman now, and that he had the perfect present.” Jerry shuddered at the memory, but her voice never wavered.
Silent tears rolled down Ethan’s face for the tragic ending of Jerry’s innocence. His heart broke for the beautiful little girl, forced to endure such a horrific experience. He wanted to wrap her in his arms and soothe away the memories, but he waited, still and silent, as she continued.
“After that, he visited me almost every night until my foster mother caught him. I was nearly seven when she sent me back to the state, for placement with another family. By then, daily beatings and nightly rapes were part of my reality. I didn’t know any different, I thought everyone lived like that.” Jerry paused and took a deep breath. “My next foster family had two teenage sons who also liked little girls. At least the beatings stopped for a while, when I lived there.” Jerry closed her eyes for a long moment.
“That’s about the gist of it. Different homes, same variation of the same two themes. If it wasn’t the father raping me, it was the sons. The funny thing is that, more often than not, it was the women, the moms, who beat me. My looks have always been a curse.” Jerry stopped and looked at Ethan, touched by the trail of tears that lined his face.
“You think that your beauty caused those people to treat you that way?” Ethan’s use of Jerry’s description of ‘those people’ did not register. He was solidly on her side, united against any and all who would hurt her. “You were just a child.”
“Obviously, that didn’t matter. The males told me I was beautiful, even while they were grunting on top of me, and the women said that I was too beautiful, as they brought down the belt, or the switch, or whatever they had handy.” Jerry loosened her grip on Ethan’s hand, using her free hand to rub her eyes. “I can’t believe I told you all that.” She let out a deep breath in a long sigh. “I’ve never told anyone.”
“I’m glad you told me. I understand what drives you to go after the worst of the worst.” Ethan paused, carefully considering his next words. “Did you ever go back as an agent, and seek justice for the little girl?”
“I haven’t been back to Louisiana since I left for college. If I can help it, I’ll never go back.” Jerry shifted her eyes to his. “There’s no amount of justice that could ever equal the brutality I endured. I’ve already lived through it once, I have no desire to revisit it during a trial. And before you ask, I did contact Louisiana Children’s Services, and report the incidents. I’m trusting that they do their job, and remove the families from the foster system.”
Ethan didn’t press the issue; Jerry had to live with her past the best way she knew how. If it was best for her to drop it, he’d let it go too.
“You did what you could.”
“I did what I could.” She agreed and continued. “Things did get better when I was a teenager. I’d begun running away from every home they placed me in, so they stopped placing me. I lived my last two years as a ward of the state in a group home. School became my one solace; I excelled in all of my classes. College was possible, thanks to scholarships and awards. I applied to the FBI, straight out of college, and was lucky enough to be accepted.” Jerry sat up straighter, feeling lighter than she had in years.
“I’d say the FBI are the lucky ones.” Ethan felt the shadows fade away, and her confidence return. 
“They are.” Jerry smiled. “It’s a mutual love fest.”
Ethan couldn’t believe the radiance he saw on her face. Only moments ago her eyes were blank, and the contours of her profile had been bathed in hard shadows. Now, her eyes were clear and shining, and the air of tension that held her together seemed to melt away. Powerless to resist, he lightly gripped her chin and leaned towards her for a kiss.
Jerry didn’t stop him, not that she wanted to. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d felt so free. Sharing her story with Ethan had lifted a weight off of her shoulders that she didn’t realize was there. Opening up to him allowed her to inch closer to acceptance of her past, and farther away from self-recrimination.
Soft, sweet, and filled with wonder, this kiss held shades of mutual discovery, tender acceptance, and a hint of sorrow for the shattered child left broken in the past.
Shades of red-orange turned to midnight blue, as they sat quietly, watching the sunset. Their arms entwined, Jerry’s head lay on Ethan’s shoulder as they enjoyed the calm, after the emotional upheaval of intense revelation.
Chapter Thirteen

Dylan found them cuddled on the sofa staring at the lights of the city when he arrived thirty minutes later. Carrying a bag of Chinese food, a six-pack of beer and a long, white box, he walked in unannounced. The room was dark, but for the glow of a thousand points of light just beyond the window.
Interrupting the air of serenity, he flipped on the first light switch he came to and announced that dinner was served. 
“I thought you guys might appreciate something more down-to-earth tonight, rather than that fancy 5-star stuff you’ve been forced to eat lately.” He ignored the still entwined couple and placed dinner on the table.
“How thoughtful of you,” Jerry’s voice was serene, without a trace of sarcasm.
“I thought so.” Dylan glanced over to see that they hadn’t yet separated. “Come and get it while it’s hot. I got a little bit of everything.”
Giving Jerry a quick squeeze, Ethan leaned down to whisper in her ear. “I don’t think he’s going to leave until we eat.”
“I don’t think so either.” Jerry whispered back, then paused. “I am a little starved, come to think of it.”
“Good, so am I.” He kissed her lightly on the forehead and released his grip so she could stand. 
“Did you get anything spicy?” Ethan asked Dylan as he followed Jerry to the table.
“You tell me,” Dylan offered up a container with something that made Ethan’s eyes water.
“Smells good,” Ethan tried not to choke on the fumes. 
“What’s that?” Jerry nodded towards the large shiny box Dylan had dropped by the door.
“Dunno, the doorman gave it to me to bring up. Said it arrived for Mr. Bennett.”
“It’s nothing,” Ethan blushed, not willing to share Jerry’s surprise with Dylan. “Just a little something I picked up today.”
Jerry narrowed her eyes at Ethan suspiciously. She had a feeling that the contents of the box were for her, not Ethan. “When?”
“I’ll tell you later.” Ethan sent her his best ‘please drop it’ look. “Did you have any luck with the secretaries?” He looked at Dylan and tried to change the subject.
“Assistants. And yes, I did.” Dylan looked between Jerry and Ethan, then shrugged. Whatever was in the box was not his business. Who cared if Slick bought her a trinket. “All four remembered an unusual phone call within two weeks of their bosses leaving town. The caller identified himself as a travel coordinator, supposedly with the same major airline that each man was scheduled to fly. Said he was conducting a random security check to confirm the flight dates and flight numbers of the upcoming trips.”
“That’s not out of the realm of possibility.” Jerry added as she filled her plate with fried rice.
“That’s what the assistants thought, so they gave the man the information he requested. Being the competent women they are, they made notes as to the man’s name and position with the airline; he used the same name for all, Oscar Worth.” Dylan passed another carton to Ethan. “Of course we checked with the airlines, none of which have an employee by that name.”
Jerry spooned several pieces of sesame chicken on top of the rice. “What are the odds that he used his real name?”
“Slim to none, I’d say. Though he may have procured the Mas using the same alias. Jimmy’s checking on it.”
“At least we know how he knew that the men were out of  town.  Trouble is, I don’t have an assistant for him to infiltrate.”
“You do now. An agent from the Sacramento office will arrive tomorrow. We’ve also arranged for office space for your investment business, just around the corner. It’s being furnished as we speak.” 
“Impressive.” Ethan nodded at Dylan, then looked at Jerry. “We’ll check it out tomorrow.”
“That’s the plan.” Dylan told him between bites. “Chances are, Oscar will want  to follow Jerry around a bit tomorrow. We can wait until he shows up, then lead him over.”
“Based on his timeline with previous victims, he’ll follow Jerry for about two weeks before he makes contact. Courtships take about a week before he moves in for the kill.” Dylan reached for his second beer.
Three weeks to spend with Ethan, Jerry thought, then felt a pang in her gut that was unrelated to the Chinese food. Such a short time, but she’d take what she could get. 
Ethan’s thoughts were running along the same line as Jerry’s. Three weeks to spend with the woman who invaded his every thought before he let some maniac try to kill her. He frowned into his Szechuan shrimp.
Ignorant of the direction of Jerry and Ethan’s thoughts, Dylan stiffened as a sudden flash of insight scrolled before his eyes. He saw Jerry sitting on the sofa only a few feet away from the dining table, crying as if her heart would break. He saw himself, awkwardly trying to comfort her without any success. Ethan was nowhere in the picture.
The flash left him as quickly as it had come, as they always did. Typically, Dylan’s clairvoyance referenced images of events as they happened. This one had to be a vision, rare for him, as he knew it had yet to be.
What the hell did it mean? he thought. Why was Jerry crying and where was Ethan? Glancing up at the other man, he noticed a scowl on his face that wasn’t there before. Jerry was also deep in thought, which left Dylan time to consider the meaning of his flash of insight. Did Ethan get hurt or killed on the mission? From what he’d walked in on earlier, both times, he knew that Jerry was already emotionally invested in Ethan, so his death could elicit a reaction like the one Dylan had just witnessed.
No, Dylan thought, he didn’t die, Slick just left her high and dry after romancing her six ways from Sunday. Dammit, Dylan nearly pounded his fist on the table, I knew it. He glared at Ethan who was ignoring him completely. The son-of-a-bitch does exactly what I knew he would, from the very first time I saw him. 
“Dammit,” Dylan’s tone was menacing.
“What?” Jerry and Ethan asked together, both jolted from their reveries. 
“Nothing.” Dylan growled, not willing to tell Jerry about his gift, even if it meant saving her from herself. She was already head over heels for the man anyway, he  reasoned, the damage was already done. Nothing he could say now would make a difference.
“It had to be something, you sounded madder than an old wet hen” Jerry smiled at him.
Dylan rolled his eyes at the analogy. “Thanks, but it’s nothing. Just something I forgot to do. How’s the sesame chicken?” He tried to change the subject.
“It’s delicious. How’s the hot stuff?” Jerry wrinkled her nose at the aroma coming from both Ethan and Dylan’s plates.
“Good.” Both men answered her at the same time.
They made small talk for the remainder of the meal. Dylan tried his best to be civil to Ethan, but it was challenging.

Ethan found no rest on the usually comfortable sofa bed, but he knew the fault lied with his thoughts, not the mattress. Jerry’s revelations had thrown him for a major loop. He knew that his anger would not help her, so he squashed the instinct to find and throttle every man who had ever laid hands on the child she had once been. 
The flip side of his gut reaction to her childhood pain was an overwhelming sense of wonder that she had shared such deep, personal trauma with him. That she trusted him enough to open up about such horrendous memories, to speak of secrets that she’d kept buried for so long with him, a man she barely knew.
But they did know each other, he reasoned. In ways that defied reason, their souls had connected on a level neither could have predicted. Admitting that he loved her was easier than he’d ever thought it would be. As irrational as it seemed, he felt as if she had always been a part of him. He knew without a doubt that he would do anything necessary to protect her, from now on.
He smiled at the memory of her delight when he finally gave her the green dress. He could tell by the reverent way she’d held the dress to her that she’d never owned anything so lovely or so dear. It took him nearly an hour to convince her that it was hers; that he’d bought it, not the agency and that he insisted she keep it. Stubborn as she was, the desire to own the fabric art won out over any argument she managed to find. He looked forward to spoiling her again and again.

Jerry found sleep came easier than she could ever remember. Thoughts of nestling close to Ethan as they watched the sunset over the city warmed her right down to her toes. She still had trouble believing that she’d told him about her past, but she couldn’t deny the stillness that sharing her story had left in her soul. Finally, she felt a healing begin that was long overdue.
Sighing, she thought of the silky green work of art now hanging on the back of her closet door. Who did anything as thoughtful as to buy something that expensive just because he liked the way she looked in it? Ethan did and it amazed as much as it delighted her.
As she drifted off, she thought of Ethan lying in the next room, and wondered how wonderful it would feel to have his arms around her all night long. Soon, she promised, soon.

“Nice office,” Ethan commented as Dylan opened the door to him and Jerry. “It’s an impressive setup.” Trailing his fingers along the shiny mahogany desk, he turned to admire the view of the city. 
“It’ll do. Were you two followed?” Dylan noted Jerry’s serene expression and felt his anger towards Ethan rise up.
“Yes, we would have been here sooner, but Oscar only just arrived.” Jerry answered. “Did you place the tracking devices on his cars last night?”
“Piece of cake. The Mas was in the garage, along with the blue sedan and the homeowner’s Prius. We tagged all three.”
“Well done.” Ethan nodded. “He won’t get away from us again.”
“And we’ll know it if he’s romancing anyone else.” Jerry added.
“Absolutely,” Dylan told her. “We’ve also kept a tail on him, they change every three hours so he won’t recognize the cars.”
“Do we have a photo yet?” Ethan asked.
“Working on it. The only way to get a clear shot is through the front window; all of the others are too heavily tinted. Two local agents dressed as tourists will be sightseeing around his vehicle shortly, they should be able to take pictures from several angles.”
“Sounds good.” Ethan told him. “When is my assistant due to arrive?”
“Any time now,” Dylan offered, just as a short, pixie-like woman breezed through the door like a tiny whirlwind.
“Agent Dawes?” She marched straight to Dylan and stuck out her hand. “Agent Reed, pleased to meet you.” She shook his hand briefly, then turned to Ethan. “You must be my boss, Ethan Bennett. A pleasure.” She pumped his outstretched hand with the grip of a bulldog.
“The pleasure’s all mine, I’m sure.” Ethan remarked, but she’d already moved on.
“And you must be Jerry. Delighted.” She took Jerry’s hand with the same grip. “Is this my desk? Seems to be missing a few things.” Moving away from Jerry, she plopped her bag on the desk. “No worries, I’ll have us set up in no time.”
Dylan found his voice just as she took a breath. “I’m glad you could join us, Agent Reed. We’ll see to it that you have whatever you need.”
“Call me Janice. I know my job is to channel information to the unsub when and if he makes contact, but I intend to be of more use in the meantime.” Janice donned a pair of wire-rim glasses before looking up at Dylan. “My skills of observation are excellent, deciphering coded reports is another strong suit and my powers of deduction are above reproach. Use me, Agent Dawes, in any way you see fit.” Slowly, she slid the glasses down her nose, peering at him over the wire rims.
Dylan nearly choked on his tongue at her obvious double meaning. “Um, call me Dylan. I appreciate your willingness to help, Janice. If anything comes up, I’ll let you know.”
Jerry guffawed loudly before she caught herself. Ethan hid his laughter more discreetly. 
Recovering, Jerry glanced at her watch. “I should leave soon for yoga. Ethan, you’re staying here?”
“Yes. Ethan needs to cement his ‘working’ cover.” Dylan answered for him. “Go about your day, as planned. Yoga, lunch, shopping, whatever you girls do,” Dylan winked at her, “Ethan’s driver will bring him home later.”
“I guess that answers your question,” Ethan moved to take Jerry’s arm and walk her out. “I’ll be right back.” He glanced briefly at Dylan and Janice.
“Janice, it was nice meeting you. Dylan, I’m sure I’ll see you later.” Jerry added before leaving the room.
“What’s up with those two?” Janice asked as soon as the office door closed. 
“What do you mean?” Dylan hedged.
“It’s as plain as the nose on your face, they’re involved. Do you know how many rules that breaks?”
“They’re just maintaining their covers. No rules have been broken.” Dylan lied to her face.
“Humph. If you say so.” Janice rolled her eyes. “No skin off my back, but it could make things tricky down the road. This unsub is a crafty bastard, Jerry needs to keep her head in the game.” Janice noted the thunderclouds cross Dylan’s face and decided to back off. “Just saying,” she spread her arms and dropped the subject.
“Jerry’s a professional, she’ll be fine.” Dylan assured her, even though he was also concerned. One tiny distraction could derail the mission and worse, leave Jerry open for trouble. Barnes was much more than a tiny distraction.

“Okay, love, have a wonderful day.” Ethan made a show of kissing Jerry goodbye at the limo. Jerry didn’t have to pretend to swoon.
“You too, darling. Don’t work too hard.” She pretend pouted, then stepped into the car.
The man called Oscar watched the interplay carefully. He was parked close enough to hear their exchange through his open window, even with the noise of the city blending around him.
“Okay, love” he quietly mimicked Ethan’s tone, his British accent only slightly different from the Australian influences he recognized in the other man. 
As Ethan watched Jerry ride away, Oscar briefly contemplated following the man rather than his new love. He’d need to find out more about him sooner rather than later, but the pull to be near Jerry won out. He’d explore the man’s office another day. Now that he knew the building, it would be child’s play.
He completely ignored the two tourists snapping pictures near his car. They could bloody well get out of the way, or he wouldn’t be responsible for running them down.
He followed Jerry to yoga, to a familiar café where she lunched alone and then back to her condo. He heard her tell the driver to wait, that she’d be back down shortly. Oscar reclined his seat back slightly and waited with the patience of Job, imagining the times they would soon share together.

Jerry felt the unsub’s eyes on her each time she walked to and from the car. Maintaining a happy-go-lucky countenance when she felt like a thousand roaches were crawling over her skin was an Oscar-worthy performance. Pun intended, she thought.
By the time she returned from visiting several boutiques around Union Square, it was nearly four o’clock. She and Ethan had dinner reservations at some swanky hotel for seven, so she had time for a leisurely bath before he came home. She hoped.
The condo was empty and she wasted no time in filling the oversized tub with nearly hot water and lavender scented bubbles. For good measure, she lit the candles that lined the ledge and poured a generous amount of wine into a goblet designed for water. She really didn’t care. She may as well enjoy as many perks as possible of the lifestyle afforded by this new assignment. 
Piling her hair on top of her head, she stepped into every woman’s dream of a relaxing moment and sighed. Soon, her body was slick from the lavender suds and her eyes were heavy from the strain of the day. Leaning back against the tub pillow, she sipped wine and closed her eyes.

Ethan noticed Oscar’s car as soon as his own turned the corner. He also spotted the surveillance vehicle easier than he should have. He made a note to tell Dylan to use something other than a black SUV to tail Oscar; it screamed FBI.
He’d spent the day in close quarters with Dylan and Janice, going over various details about the operation and how they could keep Janice occupied as she waited for Oscar’s call.
The agents posing as tourists had taken several clear shots of Oscar’s face. Eerily similar to the composite drawing, the man’s face was currently being run through ViCAP as well as other U.S. and international criminal databases, passport databases and anything else the Homeland Security Division had up their sleeve. Dylan had been confident they would learn the man’s true identity in a matter of hours. 
Thinking of Dylan brought a scowl to Ethan’s face. “I’d sure like to know what put him in such a foul mood.” Ethan mumbled. It was no secret that whatever had put the burr on his butt was directly related to Ethan. Aside from the scene Dylan walked in on yesterday when he and Jerry were kissing, Ethan could think of no good reason for the man’s surly attitude.
Shrugging it off, he practically leapt from the car and walked briskly into the building.

The condo was quiet, too quiet, Ethan thought as he closed the door carefully. Maybe Jerry was taking a nap, though that seemed out of character. Silently, he walked to the bedroom door and peeked inside. No Jerry.
The bathroom door was open and scents of steamy lavender wafted towards him. “Ahh,” he whispered, “she’s having a bath.” Much too tempted to join her, he backed out of the room and gave her the privacy she deserved.

“You’re home,” Jerry, relaxed and feeling pampered, entered the living area wrapped in a plush terry-cloth robe and little else. A thick towel piled high on her head concealed her long, caramel tresses.
“I’m home.” Once again Ethan marveled at how beautiful she looked, wrapped up like a mummy with no make-up whatsoever.
“How did it go today?” Jerry joined him at the table, cracking open a bottle of tepid water as she did so.
“Good, we’ve got Janice compiling background similarities on the cases in Europe and here, just in case we missed anything. The agents posing as tourists managed to get several good shots of the unsub; Dylan’s running them through every database known to man as we speak.”
“Great. With any luck, he’ll have some sort of record. Profiling works, but give me good ole, undeniable facts any day.”
“Agreed.” Ethan had the strongest urge to reach over and remove the towel just for the pleasure of watching her hair cascade over her shoulders.
“I take it he’s still outside?” Jerry asked.
“Yes, just sitting there, oblivious to the agents in the SUV behind him. It still amazes me how you people think you’re undercover in those tanks.” Ethan shook his head.
“We don’t always use the ‘tanks’, as you call them.” Jerry wrinkled her nose. “Sometimes we use crown vics or souped-up mustangs or non-descript sedans as surveillance vehicles.” 
“I’m sure they’re equally effective,” Ethan teased. “As long as the unsub doesn’t make the tail, it really doesn’t matter what kind of car they use.”
“Exactly. The last thing we need is for him to know that we’re onto him, not when we’re this close.”
“If he stays true-to-form, we’re on auto pilot for the next two weeks or so. As long as we stay visible so he can follow you around, we can treat this time like a vacation.” Ethan reached over and covered her hand with his.
“I’ve never treated an assignment like a vacation before, but I suppose you’re right. It’s our job to go out and about. We’re supposed to be a couple, so why not enjoy it?” Jerry turned her palm up to meet his.
“I’m game if you are. Now that Dylan has Janice to keep him busy, maybe he’ll stay away from here.”
Jerry laughed. “Don’t count on it. As long as Dylan can get in here without being seen, he’ll be here. For some reason, he’s decided not to like you.” Jerry’s comment surprised Ethan; he didn’t know she was aware of the issues between him and her sullen partner. “He thinks you’ll hurt me.” Her eyes met his in a silent question.
“I’ve no intentions of hurting you.” Ethan said somberly. “That particular power lies in your hands.”
“Then we’re both safe.” Jerry assured him with a gentle squeeze. 
Chapter Fourteen

“Tell me that child is not going to eat the whole bucket of doughnuts.” Jerry laughed, nodding discreetly towards a little boy carrying a bucket of pastries that looked half as large as his body. 
“I wouldn’t want to be on clean-up duty tonight, if he does.” Ethan laughed as they strolled along Pier 39 with what seemed like every other tourist in San Francisco, as well as the greater bay area.
“There’s another sign, this way to the sea lions.” Jerry grabbed his hand and pulled him along behind her with the same enthusiasm she’d shown for every touristy thing they’d done together. Her excitement was both childlike and infectious; Ethan was completely charmed.
The past few days together felt as if they were truly a couple, on vacation in one of the most exciting cities in the world. They’d swum the streets of Chinatown, amid waves of other bodies seeking to experience an iconic bit of the old city. They visited Alcatraz, which held special interest for them both; climbed Coit Tower for a unique glimpse of a truly breathtaking landscape, and now they meandered past the clapboard storefronts lining Pier 39, on their way to visit the sea lions. Jerry’s idea, not his. He’d had his share of people after the Chinatown visit, and would have much preferred spending private time with her.
Each time they ventured out, be it for a romantic dinner or a crowded day trip with bodies jostling them on every side, Casanova, whose identity still remained a mystery, much to everyone’s consternation, was not far behind. Keeping track of him in the swarming hordes proved to be challenging for the agents charged with watching his every move, but they hadn’t lost him yet. 
The crowds fell behind as they rounded the section of Pier 39 leading to the sea lion observation area. Simple, with less personality than the previous, tourist-geared sections of the Pier, the railings standing between the wood boards and the rocks below provided room to stand and watch the comical animals, as they sunned and swam and cavorted without a care for their enthralled audience.
Jerry skipped the final few feet to the rail, still pulling Ethan behind her. 
“Oooh, look, there’s a momma and a baby.” She pointed to the sleeping pair, then ran the last few steps.
“Lovely” Ethan answered, but his gaze had not left her shining face.

~~~

“What in the name of all that’s holy are they doing?” The man known as Oscar pulled a silk handkerchief from his pocket and gently touched it to his brow. He’d had his fill of the unwashed masses during the last few days, and briefly considered looking for new prey.
The thought didn’t last long, for the woman he followed looked more like his beloved Beth than any of the others before her. It wasn’t simply the way she looked that triggered Beth’s memory, it was the way her body flowed from stillness, and the slight tingle he felt in the air, whenever she was around. 
The past few days had made him even more certain that she was the one for him. Watching her unwavering delight in every new experience made him eager to share time with her. He longed for those lovely blue eyes to gaze into his with the same look of love she gave Bennett. Perhaps this one would finally fulfill his quest for peace; her death would be the one to resolve Beth’s betrayal and ultimate punishment.
Careful to sidestep an upended ice cream cone, he glanced around him with disgust. What was Bennett thinking, bringing a woman of Jerry’s caliber to such germ-infested places? She deserved to be coddled, treated like the princess she was, not thrown into a mix of God knows what. 
His initial research on Bennett indicated that the man was a worthy adversary, unlike some of the other men whose women he’d previously enticed away. Their backgrounds were similar; Bennett had also grown up in a wealthy English family, old money, as it was often referred. As such, both men were accustomed to the finer things in life and enjoyed a level of taste that these Americans could only dream about.
Unlike Bennett, the man called Oscar did not consider it necessary to expand his birthright; he was perfectly content to live off of the trust fund that his great-great grandfather had secured on his behalf. As far as he could see, the trust would supply a never-ending stream of capital that he would be pressed to spend in several lifetimes. 
Yet, here he stood, on a wooden platform surrounded by people he considered so far beneath him that they were no more than specks of dirt on his custom Gucci loafers. He longed for a deep soak in the Forrester’s spa, accompanied by a soothing cup of Earl Gray. Promising himself that he would satisfy his desires soon, he walked past the attractive couple, still admiring the obnoxious creatures that reeked of a fishy sea. Shuddering with disgust, he nevertheless found a spot at the railing, just a few feet from the beautiful Jerry.

~~~

Ethan stiffened when he noted the unsub position himself only steps away from Jerry. Slipping his arm around her, he leaned down to whisper in her ear. 
“Do you see him?”
“Of course,” she smiled up at him as if they shared a delicious secret.
“Stay close. I don’t know what he’s up to.” Ethan’s whisper was laced with concern.
“I’m not going anywhere.” She assured him. “But he’s probably just admiring the sea lions.”
“Yeah, right. I’m sure that’s what he’s doing.” Ethan snarled in her ear.
Jerry gave him a quick jab in the ribs with her elbow.
“Hey, what was that for?” He stood even closer to her, wrapping one arm around her waist.
“Just felt like it,” she grinned at him. “I know you’re hyper-vigilant, but I’m having such a wonderful time that he can’t spoil it for me. Neither can you.” She tipped her sunglasses down and looked him in the eyes.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” He grinned down at her, then looked over towards Casanova. The man was looking out to sea as if he hadn’t a care in the world. “He’s a cheeky bastard,” Ethan commented. “I’ll say that for him.”
“Stop watching him. He’ll get suspicious. Look at those adorable sea lions, playing in the surf.”
“I’d rather watch you,” He dropped a kiss on her upturned lips, something he was quite fond of doing lately.
“I have to say, you play the adoring companion to the hilt.” Jerry leaned her head on his shoulder.
“Who’s playing?”
“Not me.”
“Not me.” Tilting her chin, he leaned in for a deeper kiss, one that she felt all the way to her toes. Clutching his shirt with her fists, she molded against him for a brief second before pulling away.
The kisses had become more frequent, and more arduous. Jerry couldn’t tell if they were real or part of the game. The way she felt about Ethan had nothing to do with an assignment, and everything to do with a growing passion, and soul-deep emotion. She thought he felt the same. He often mentioned that he had true feelings for her and he certainly acted as if he did, but part of her couldn’t believe that it was real. No matter how much her brain insisted otherwise, part of her heart would always belong to the shattered little girl, unworthy of love.
“Did you want to walk over to Fisherman’s Wharf today?” Ethan hoped she would decline, but he could tell by the light in her eyes that she was eager.
“Sure, I’d love to. I’m not very fond of the crowds either,” she looked at him sympathetically, “but it just seems wrong to get this close, and not visit such an iconic San Francisco landmark.” 
“I can handle the crowds, and at least we can say we’ve been.” Ethan agreed.
“Definitely. And we can go to the Farmer’s Market in the Ferry building tomorrow; I think it’s only open on Saturdays.” Jerry linked her arm through his as they walked back the way they’d come.
“You’re taking being a tourist seriously,” he smiled and placed one hand over hers. 
“You bet I am. I’ve never had an assignment where I’ve been so pampered, and with an opportunity to explore such an exciting place. I intend to take full advantage.” She naturally moved a little closer to him as the crowd became denser. “Usually, we’re staying at cheap motels and eating at out of the way diners. The only exploring we do is to follow whatever clues the serial du jour leaves us.”
“It seems strange, an entire FBI unit dedicated to tracking serial killers. The general public probably has no idea how many of them are operating in this country alone.”
“I know. So many serials flew under the radar before interstate, and now international, agencies began working together.” Jerry kept her voice low, just as Ethan had done. Without looking back, they knew that Casanova meandered along behind them. They both could feel his presence.
Every step they took towards Fisherman’s Wharf took them deeper into the throng of tourists. Languages from every part of the world swirled around them, adding a special flavor to an already mixed bag of cultures.
“Are you hungry? I hear there’s a bakery somewhere around here that’s famous for its bread shapes. We could check them out.” Ethan looked hopeful.
“Sure, I could always eat. I think you mean Bowden’s.” Jerry stopped talking, and tried not to react, as a street performer, dressed like a bush, jumped out at them from the left.
“That’s supposed to be art?” Ethan asked as they moved beyond the intrusion. 
“To each his own, I suppose.” Jerry stepped around another street performer, standing in the center of the walkway, impressing a group of children with magic tricks.
“This place is a zoo.” She felt more than a little claustrophobic from the pressing crowd. “There’s the bakery, let’s get off the street.”
“Yes, please.” Ethan maneuvered their way through the crowd to the bakery’s entrance. The line outside the door told them it would be a long wait for a snack.
“How hungry are you?” Jerry asked, hoping he would say ‘not very.’
“Not hungry enough to wait in that line. I think I can live without funny shaped bread. What say we get out of here and find a nice, quiet café somewhere?”
“You’re speaking my language. This is ridiculous.” Jerry stayed behind him as he made way through the hordes to the waiting car.

~~~

“Now what are they doing?” Oscar wondered aloud, as he tried not to lose them in the crowd. 
Soon, he watched as the black town car slid to a stop beside the couple. “Bloody hell, they’re leaving. It’s about time.” Sprinting towards his own car, he failed to notice the two tourists behind him who did the same.

~~~

“Why can’t we arrest him? Get him off the street, now? This operation is costing the city a fortune, let’s wrap it up.” The mayor’s impatience read clearly through the phone line.
“We could do that,” Nate said smoothly, “but we’d have to let him go after the forty-eight hour hold is up. We have no proof, nothing that will stick in court anyway. At this point, we need to catch him in the act.”
“But he’s been following two agents around the city for days. He must be breaking some kind of law,” the mayor grumbled.
“Do you want him for jaywalking, or multiple murders?” Nate’s patience was also wearing thin. “He’s working a timeline, one that will escalate as soon as Ethan leaves town. Or at least when the unsub thinks Ethan leaves.”
“Of course I want him for murder. Can’t we speed up his timeline?”
“I’ll see what we can do. Thank you, Mr. Mayor.” Nate ended the call with a curse. “Damn bureaucrat,” he mumbled as he punched in Dylan’s number.
“Dylan, where are Jerry and Ethan right now?” 
“They were going to the Farmer’s Market at the Ferry building. What’s up?”
“The mayor thinks we’re taking too long, he’s ready to wrap it up. Is Casanova following them today?”
“Hold on, I’ll check.” Dylan called the agent assigned to tail the killer.
“Yep, he’s there. What are you thinking?”
“Tell Ethan and Jerry to stage a fight, publicly, so Casanova can overhear. The gist of it is that Jerry is not happy that Ethan’s leaving town without her.”
“Got it. If our theory holds true, the killer will contact Ethan’s office for information later today.”
“Exactly. Be ready. Let’s just hope that fast-forwarding the timeline won’t throw him off his game.”
“From the way he salivates when he looks at Jerry, I don’t think we need to worry about that.” Dylan glanced down at the surveillance photos lying on his desk. “What’s the word on his identity? Has Homeland Security made any progress? It’s flippin’ hard to believe that they can’t make him, given the toys at their disposal.”
“No word yet. We know he didn’t fly into the states; they keep international passport entries on file indefinitely. Our best guess is that he drove down from Canada, maybe greased a palm or two to cross the border, or came in as a passenger on a friend’s yacht. Getting into the country is not as easy as it used to be, but you know as well as I do that money can make it easier.”
“Apparently, this cat’s got money out the wazoo,” Dylan remarked dryly. “Shouldn’t be a problem for him.”
“No. And if he hasn’t been arrested for anything before, his face won’t be in the system.”
“He must have a passport, and we know he’s British. No luck there?”
“None. Money also buys plastic surgery. A few alterations and the facial recognition software won’t make a match. Everyone’s cooperating, but this guy may as well be a ghost.”
“A ghost whose time is running out.” Dylan added. “I’ll start the ball rolling with Ethan and Jerry, call you when Casanova makes contact.”
“Good deal.” 

~~~

“You never take me anywhere.” Jerry raised her voice as she stopped in the middle of the market. Placing both hands on her hips, she turned to face Ethan.
“I’m sorry, love, but this trip came up suddenly and you’d be bored stiff. I’ll only be gone for about a week.” Ethan tried to soothe her, but made sure that his voice was raised slightly as well. Pointed looks from the people passing them by, told him they were making a spectacle. Good.
“A whole week? What am I gonna do without you for a whole week? You do this to me all the time, Ethan Bennett. Once, just once, I’d like to go with you on one of these mysterious business trips.”
“Now, honey, don’t be upset. I’ll take you with me next time, I promise.” 
“That’s what you always say. Next time. Maybe there won’t be a next time. Maybe I won’t be here when you get back.” Jerry flipped her hair and turned away from him, noting from the corner of her eye that they had Casanova’s undivided attention.
“Oh, sweetness, don’t be that way. You’ll hardly know I’m gone.” Ethan stood behind her, rubbing her shoulders. “I’ll bring you back something special,” he offered.
“Like what?” Jerry’s pouty face lifted slightly.
“Ummm, something shiny with lots of diamonds.” Ethan crooned in her ear.
“That would be nice, but I still don’t like you leaving me all the time.” Jerry turned back around to face Ethan, amused by the twinkle in his eyes.
“Baby, you know I hate being away from you, too, but it can’t be helped.” Ethan placed his arm around her and led her to another booth. “Let’s stay in tonight, make a special dinner just the two of us. What do you say?”
“You want me to cook?” Jerry sounded appalled.
“Of course not, sweetness. We’ll select the menu and have a chef come in to prepare the meal.”
“Okay, but I’m still mad at you.”
“We’ll work on that.”
~~~

So, Bennett was leaving town. The man known as Oscar abandoned his stalking pursuit of Jerry and Ethan, as soon as he overheard Ethan’s plans. There was entirely too much to be done in such a short period of time, but his blood raced at the thoughts of making the lovely Jerry his, sooner rather than later.
“I have to call Bennett’s office, confirm his itinerary.” Finding an open seat on a small bench, he jotted down the thought on a note pad. 
“Let’s see,” he began, flipping the pages backwards. “She always goes to yoga class, then to one of three different cafés. I’ll run into her there, offer to buy lunch. Or maybe I can ask for directions, outside of her building.”  He scribbled a few more notes, then looked at his watch. “I’ll have to hurry if I want to get a new car by tomorrow.” Sighing at the thought of leaving the Mas behind, he brightened at the thoughts of a Lamborghini, or a Porsche. “Maybe I’ll even go American, buy a Corvette.” He laughed at the thought.
Chapter Fifteen

It occurred to Jerry on the ride home that tonight would be her last night with Ethan, until the case was solved. Spending every moment together for the past week had been amazing. She was head over heels in love, but part of her still wondered if Ethan felt the same. 
Last night, they had talked until the wee hours of the morning, covering everything from the number of kids each one wanted, to the real effects of global warming. He was so easy to talk to, and so pleasant to be around, that she couldn’t imagine him not being in her life.
So far, their physical relationship had not progressed farther than steamy kisses, filled with decadent promise. She couldn’t quite put her finger on what was stopping her from taking the next step, but she felt Ethan’s reservations as much as she felt her own. It was probably due to the job. Crossing the line to becoming lovers was special and private, not something to remember as part of an assignment.
“Screw that,” she whispered aloud, grateful that Ethan was conversing with Rodney, and didn’t overhear. What if this is the last opportunity I have to make love with him? She knew a rationalization when she heard one, but this time she didn’t care. She loved Ethan and she wanted to show him just how much. Assignment or no assignment.

~~~

Ethan’s thoughts mirrored Jerry’s. The entire time he discussed cricket scores with Rodney, he imagined joining Jerry in the king-size bed, making love with her all night. 
Admitting to himself that he was in love with her had been easier than he expected, but he hadn’t yet told her how he felt. Waiting until the case was over, when they could be alone together, with no interruptions from Dylan, Nate, or anyone else, seemed like the best way to handle discussing their future together. But now, a sense of urgency came over him, one that insisted that waiting was out of the question.
Glancing sideways at Jerry, he could see that she was deep in thought. Did she feel the same about him? His heart screamed a resounding YES, but his mind was reticent to agree. Could he really declare his love for a woman he’d known for barely two weeks? Would she think he’d lost his mind?

~~~

“Yes sir, Mr. Bennett is scheduled to return in two weeks. I’ll be happy to make an appointment for you then.” Janice’s voice was clipped and professional.
“Thank you, but I prefer to call back later. I may not be in town that week. Goodbye.” 
Janice replaced the receiver and smiled up at Dylan. “Well that was short and sweet.” 
“He got what he needed, even if he did change his M.O.” Dylan nodded. “Did you arrange for Ethan’s name to be listed as a passenger on a private flight to Toronto?”
“Yes, he’s all set to leave in the morning.” Janice made a note to double check the flight. “Where will he really be going?”
“He’ll fly around in circles for a while and then slum it with the rest of us at the motel. Can’t take a chance that the doorman, or anyone else in the building, sees him. We don’t know how thorough the unsub likes to be when it comes to making sure the companion is out of town.”
“Makes sense. So Jerry will be all alone in the condo?”
“That’s the plan.”

~~~

The man called Oscar removed the towel from his hair and admired the deep shade of red he’d selected for his new persona. “Dusky Auburn,” he mumbled to his reflection, it fits. Perhaps I’ll use it as my new moniker.” Laughing, he moved into the spacious master bedroom to select his wardrobe and his new identity.
“Mmmm, who shall I become for sweet Jerry? Elliott, James, Carson…” he mulled over the names, then smiled at his genius. “I’ll be Elliott Carson James, loyal British subject, man about town.” 
Within minutes, he was dressed and ready for photos. Shortly thereafter, he opened his encrypted email and sent the images for Elliot Carson James to his forger. 
The phone call to the luxury car dealer went as smoothly as he expected. Purchasing a Lamborghini, with an immediate cash transfer, ensured a level of service few persons enjoyed. Fortunately, he was one of them. 
Deciding to enjoy a leisurely lunch as he awaited delivery of Elliott’s driver’s license and passport, he strolled onto the terrace with his Caesar salad and sparkling water. He never tired of the hilltop view, not that it compared with the views from his villas in Europe, but it would do.
All in all, he was well pleased with the turn of events. Although he preferred watching the women for more time before he actually made contact, everything was falling into place so well that he knew it must be right. 
Thinking of Jerry, he felt a longing for her company deep within his soul. It was always this way, when he found someone new. The feelings of love and admiration he had for Beth always resurfaced when he entered a new relationship. As amused as he was by the nickname the European press had given him, ‘Casanova Killer’, he had to admit there was some truth to it. His feelings for his so called victims were genuine, right up to the time when he slit their throats.
Had he listened to his old psychiatrist, he would have recognized the symptoms of his delusion, would have known that transferring his unrequited feelings for Beth to any other woman was futile, and would never result in the closure he craved.
But this moment, this special time just before he made contact with someone new, was like a honeymoon period. He could imagine the possibilities, plan the romance and look forward to the joys of a new love. 
Thoughts of Jerry excited him in ways that he didn’t experience with the last few women. They had all fallen at his feet, eager to impress and be impressed, by his obvious charms. No, he sensed that Jerry would be different, more of a challenge, more like his Beth.
He would let her play it safe, he decided, let her be as coy as she liked. He’d overheard the cad Bennett telling her that he would only be gone for a week, but his secretary clearly stated that the man would be away for two. It gave him more time to romance sweet Jerry, just as she deserved, whether she knew it or not.
~~~

“I thought you mentioned something about a chef,” Jerry teased, as she came into the kitchen to find Ethan prepping vegetables.
“Something wrong with your eyesight? He’s here, Chef Barnes, at your service.” Sticking the butcher knife upright into the cutting board, he took a bow.
“Ah, you’ve been keeping secrets. You never mentioned that you could cook.” Jerry grabbed a slice of cucumber from the board. 
“A man must retain a bit of mystery,” Ethan grinned at her. “You’d be amazed at the things I can do.”
A shiver ran along Jerry’s spine; she intended to unearth a few of his hidden talents tonight. “Promises, promises.” She chanted, pouring them both a glass of white wine. “So what’s on the menu, Chef Barnes?”
“So glad you asked,” Ethan wiggled his eyebrows. “Tonight’s entre is a specialty of the house, Osso Buco.”
“Whoso whatko?” Jerry asked, perplexed.
Ethan laughed. “It’s an Italian dish made with fresh veal and vegetables. Thanks to our fruitful trip to the Farmer’s Market this morning, this Osso Buco is also one hundred percent organic.”
“Well, we are in Northern California. Anything else would be a sacrilege.”
“So true. Care to pull up an apron? You can chop celery.”
“Sure, I can probably handle that.”
They worked side by side in comfortable silence for a time, each a little lost in their own thoughts. Jerry broke the rhythm of chopping and slicing first.
“How many people are you planning to feed? This looks like enough for an army.”
“Just us, but you’ll have leftovers for several days, if you like. I could always take them to Dylan and Nate, they could probably use a good meal.”
“It does seem fair, they’ve been eating diner food for two weeks, while we’ve been dining in the best restaurants in town.” Jerry became somber at the thoughts of Ethan leaving their nest in the morning.
He read her thoughts like a book. “I don’t want to leave, either.” He said softly. “The sooner I go, the sooner this can be over, and we can start our lives.”
It was the first time either one of them had come out and said that they had a future together. Jerry’s head began to spin.
“Our lives?” her voice was slightly breathless.
Ethan placed the knife on the counter and turned to her. 
“Yes, our lives. I think you know how I feel about you.”
“I do?” Jerry held her breath, hoping to hear the declaration that would make all the difference.
“I hope you do. I love you, Jerry Forbes. Don’t ask me how, or why, or when, just know that I do.” He took her chin in his hand and kissed her lightly on the lips. “I hope I’m not alone in this.”
“No, you’re not alone. I love you, Ethan Barnes, more than I ever thought was possible.” Throwing her arms around him, she pulled him closer for a soul-wrenching kiss.
Ethan crushed her to him, mindless of the knife she still held in one hand. Neither of them paid any attention when it clamored to the floor.
“How is this possible?” Jerry asked when they came up for air. “We’ve only known each other for such a short time.”
“Ever heard of love at first sight?” he tweaked her nose. 
“Thought it was an old wives tale.” She laid her head on his shoulder.
“Apparently not. I knew you were special when you opened the door to me.”
“You definitely got my attention then. And every moment since.”
“I can’t tell you how many times I cursed that sofa bed, how often I very nearly came to you in the middle of the night.”
Jerry squeezed him hard. “No sofa bed for you tonight, maybe no sleep, either.” Her throaty voice caused his blood to race.
“Promises, promises.” He laughed softly and found her lips again.

~~~

“That was amazing. What else can you cook?” Jerry looked at Ethan in admiration.
“Lots of things. Both my mother and my housekeeper were determined that I should not starve, out on my own. My culinary education began at a young age.”
Jerry dropped her eyes and tried not to remember the education she acquired at the same age. 
Ethan followed the direction of her thoughts and kept talking. “What’s your kitchen specialty? Or do you cook at all?”
“I make a mean chicken noodle soup.” Jerry neglected to tell him that it was from a can. “We don’t have a lot of downtime, so my culinary expertise is pretty much nonexistent.” She admitted.
“I’ll teach you. It’ll be fun.” Ethan covered her hand with his.
“That might be difficult, with you in Europe and me in the states.” One of them needed to bring up the obvious; Jerry decided that it may as well be her.
“I’m not sure I can live with that.” Ethan’s tone suddenly became serious. “Have you ever thought of living abroad?”
“No, but it sounds exciting, as long as I have a job.”
“I can put a good word in for you with Interpol. They’re always looking for talented agents.”
“It’s a thought, but what about the language barrier? I only speak English.”
“That’s no problem. Most civilized countries speak English.” He teased.
“Have you ever thought about living over here? We have so many alphabet agencies that I’m sure you could land a job with one of them.”
“I’m open to that, but I’d love to show you my country, or countries, as it were. First we’ll go to Australia, meet the fam. Then I’ll take you on an insider’s tour of England, Italy, France, Spain and Greece. You’ll love it.” Ethan’s eyes were shining.
“Sounds wonderful, but more than a little time consuming. I do have a few weeks of vacation coming, though.” Jerry began to share his enthusiasm.
“See, we’re already compromising. After our tour, we’ll decide where we’d like to live. I can tell you now, that as long as I’m with you, I’ll be happy.”
“You always know the right things to say.” Jerry turned her hand to link her fingers with his.
“I’m happy you think so. Let’s have brandy by the fire.” Ethan brought her with him as he stood, then led her to the cozy setup he’d arranged earlier.
“When did you do all this?” Jerry was surprised by the pillows spread in front of the fire, along with a tray holding two snifters, and a glass decanter filled with warm amber liquid. 
“While you were having a bath. One of the wonderful things about Northern California is the possibility of cool nights, even during the summer. Makes it easy to set the stage for romance.” 
“Is that what this is, romance?” Jerry teased.
“Yes, Ma’am, and a prelude to seduction. How am I doing?”
“Let’s see, dinner was wonderful, your company was, and continues to be, delightful, and, though I’ve never had brandy, your thoughtfulness is noted, and appreciated.” Jerry smiled and accepted the crystal snifter from Ethan. “But if truth be told, ‘you had me at hello,’ to paraphrase an old movie.”
Ethan flashed a devastating smile and settled in beside her. “You’ve never had brandy? It’s high time we change that. Like opera, most people either love it or hate it.” He held up his glass in the glow of the firelight. “Swirl your glass, like this. Watch the colors of the liquid flow together.” 
Jerry did as he advised, enchanted by the ritual. 
“Now absorb the aroma,” Ethan held the crystal to his nose and breathed deeply. Jerry followed suit. The heady flavors of the brandy warmed her from the inside out, before she’d even taken a sip.
“Now taste it.” Ethan pressed his lips to the glass and tilted, closing his eyes as the amber liquid touched his lips.
Jerry felt an instant flush spread from her core to her fingertips. Watching Ethan sip brandy was one of the sexiest things she’d ever seen. Holding her own glass suspended, she gazed at his beautiful face, mesmerized by the moment.
Ethan opened his eyes to find Jerry staring at him, pure lust reflected in her eyes. His answering smolder said more than words, as he placed his glass on the table.
Without taking her first taste, Jerry lowered her snifter to the table, while keeping her eyes locked on his. The space between then was suddenly nonexistent as Ethan gathered her into his arms, and lowered her to the floor.

~~~

Jerry woke to the feel of strong muscle beneath her cheek, and strong arms wrapped tightly around her. She’d never felt more relaxed, or cherished, in her life. Moments passed as she recalled the tenderness Ethan showed as he made love to her for the first time. Recalling how his body glowed in the light of the fire as he poised over her, made her tingle all over. She never knew that a man could delay his passion, just to prolong hers, but she’d forever be grateful that Ethan was just such a man. Grateful and determined that turn-about was fair play. He’d made her scream his name in mindless passion, repeatedly, before he gave her what she craved. She intended to return the favor.
With a sly smile, she remembered the quick fire that took them both off guard, moments after he lay spent inside her for the first time. One clutch, one twist of her body, and he sprang to life again, taking them both over an insatiable cliff with wild abandon. 
Desire bloomed fresh once more as Jerry felt every inch of his luscious body sprawled beneath her. Fluttering her lashes, she tickled his chest and slowly ran her hand from his waist to his hip.
Ethan moaned and tightened his grip as her fingers closed around him. “Are you trying to kill me, woman?” His voice was husky with sleep and desire.
“Not hardly,” she whispered and trailed kisses down his torso. “You don’t even have to move, I just want to explore.” Her lips found their target, already pulsing with need. Ethan shuddered and buried his hands in her hair as she closed her mouth around him. 

~~~

“I don’t think I’ll ever move again.” Ethan lay on his back, sweat still glistening over his body. “You are a heartless vixen, sent to make men powerless.” His grip tightened around her, belying his words.
Jerry laughed, thoroughly satisfied with her revenge. “That’s not what you said a minute ago. As I recall it went something like ‘oh…….my…….God….YES!’ she raised her voice on the last word, mimicking Ethan’s shriek of passion.
“That wasn’t me. I think I blacked out when you started doing that thing with your tongue.” He teased.
“Oh, yeah? Well, I guess we need a repeat performance, wouldn’t want you to miss anything.” She began to lower her head again, prompting Ethan to grab her shoulders.
“Oh, no, you don’t, I’ll never survive it again, not this soon.” He drew her up to him for a prolonged kiss. 
“Are you sure you can’t move?” Jerry asked when she could breathe again. “I’d like to go to the bedroom. It’s much softer in there.”
“Will you let me sleep?” Ethan grinned, but his eyes were closed.
“Probably not.” She answered promptly.
“Then yes, I can move.” Without warning, he rolled over, scooped her up, and carried her off to the bedroom, laughing at her expression of surprise.
Chapter Sixteen


“I really don’t want you to go.” Jerry buried her face in Ethan’s shoulder as they stood at the door.
“I really don’t want to go.” He told her quietly, stroking a hand over her hair. “I’m still not comfortable letting you be alone with him.” His voice turned possessive. “And I can’t stand the thoughts of his hands on you.”
“I know. I promise I’ll do my best to keep that to a minimum. You know we have to let him think I’m falling for him, but I’ll keep it strictly G-rated.”
“See that you do.” Ethan crushed her in a bear hug. “They’ll put me in prison for killing him, just for touching you. Then where will we be?” He kissed her forehead, trying to lighten the mood.
“Just know that I’m doing my job. Not only does this creep deserve to pay for what he’s already done, but by putting him away, we’re saving countless women’s lives.”
“I’ll keep that in mind. Just be careful, please. I can’t lose you, now that I’ve finally found you.”
Jerry felt warm all over at his words. “I’ve no intention of losing you either.” 

~~~

“You look like death warmed over,” Dylan greeted Ethan, when he came into the local FBI office.
“Shut-up, Dawes.” Ethan was in no mood to parry with the other man. As if leaving Jerry wasn’t bad enough, the decoy flight he’d taken, just in case Casanova was watching the airstrip, was bumpy and turbulent. To top it off, the ride back to the office from the godforsaken field they’d finally landed in was stop and go. Ethan had had about enough already from this day, he didn’t need Dylan making things worse.
“Rough trip?” Dylan ignored the storm warnings crossing Ethan’s face and rubbed it in.
“What’s happening with Jerry and Casanova?” Ethan ignored Dylan’s taunt.
“So far, he’s followed her to yoga, the café, and back home. He never made contact.” Dylan frowned. “He’s driving a black Lamborghini, brand new. We haven’t had a chance to tag it yet.”
“Well, it’s a damn good thing he hasn’t made contact. What are you people thinking? We have to track him at all times. Jerry’s life depends on it.”
The vehemence behind Ethan’s words surprised Dylan. “He picked up the car this morning, we’ll tag it as soon as he leaves it. You don’t have to tell me anything about Jerry’s life.” Dylan got in Ethan’s face.
“Apparently, I do.” Ethan didn’t back down. “Under no circumstances is she to get into that car with him without tracking being enabled.” The men were standing toe to toe, practically nose to nose. Dylan read fear, and something else, in the glare of Ethan’s eyes.
Taking a step back, Dylan perched on the corner of a desk. “You really care about her.” It was a statement, not a question.
“Hell yes, I care about her. I plan to …” He stopped talking before he could tell Dylan that he planned to marry Jerry. Jerry deserved to be the first to hear that.
“You plan to what?” Dylan narrowed his eyes.
“None of your business. I care very much for Jerry, and I don’t intend to let your imbecilic moves endanger her life.”
“Jerry’s been my partner since she joined the agency. Don’t you worry about me endangering her life. I’ll protect her with my own.”
“As long as we’re clear.” Ethan resisted the urge to poke Dylan in the chest. “Jerry is mine. I’ll scrap this assignment before I let any harm come to her.”
Dylan heard the truth in Ethan’s words, clear as day. The man was staking his claim with a seriousness that Dylan hadn’t believed he was capable of. “You’re in love with her.” He mumbled, the heat leaving his tone.
“I’m not discussing that with you.” Ethan backed off, returning to his chair.
Confused, Dylan didn’t pursue the subject. His own thoughts turned to the vision he’d had of Jerry crying her eyes out, and Ethan, nowhere to be seen. If Slick didn’t leave her voluntarily, he thought, maybe something happens to him. Dylan began to pace, ignoring Ethan completely. It was possible; love skews a man’s instincts, makes him react before he thinks. Dylan knew that all too well. 
He briefly considered insisting that Ethan return to Interpol, but he knew the man wouldn’t go. Besides, if he sent him away behind Jerry’s back, there’d be hell to pay. It was as obvious as the nose on her face that Jerry was head over heels for Slick. Crap.
The sound of his cell phone ringing jerked Dylan out of his internal dilemma. “Dawes,” he barked, in answer to the ring.
“He made contact.” Agent Rhodes, one of the local FBI force charged with monitoring Casanova’s movements, barked back.
“Where?” Dylan’s voice was crisp and no-nonsense.
“He approached her as she left her building. Seems to be asking for directions.” 
Ethan joined Dylan by the window. He could tell by the Dylan’s stance that something had happened.
“Where is Jerry right now?” Dylan asked.
“She’s standing by her car, talking to Casanova.”
“Where is Rodney?”
“He’s in the car. He got out, but Jerry told him she was fine, to wait while she helped the nice man.”
“Sounds like Jerry. Send a visual feed to my phone.”
“Will do.”
Within seconds, an image of Casanova, leaning casually against Jerry’s car, and Jerry, standing comfortably in front of him, filled Dylan’s phone screen.
“Dammit.” Ethan cursed as he looked over Dylan’s shoulder.
“They’re just talking, Rodney’s in the car.”
“Does she know we haven’t got a trace on his car yet?”
“Yes, she knows. Chill out, Barnes, or I’ll send you back to Europe.” Dylan threatened. 
“You can try.” Ethan growled back. “Why can’t we hear anything?”
“The agents are too far away. You don’t want ‘em to be made, do you?”
“Why the hell is Rodney in the car? He should be closer.”
“Jerry told him to stay put. Look, Barnes, I know how you feel about Jerry, but you’re gonna have to accept that she knows what she’s doing. You know they’ll have to be alone together, behind closed doors, before this thing is through. The sooner you get a grip on that, the better.”
Ethan didn’t respond. His focus was totally, and completely, on the phone screen. Jerry looked beautiful, but then she always did. Her body language was relaxed, even a little flirty, exactly the way she should have been playing it.
Ethan’s eyes shifted to Casanova, resting against the back bumper of the town car, like he hadn’t a care in the world. His smile appeared genuine, his hands were in his pockets, and his legs were crossed at the ankles. To a casual observer, he was one hundred percent non-threatening, perhaps even a little charming. Ethan hissed.
As they watched, Jerry gave him her hand, which he slowly brought to his lips. She smiled and nodded agreement with something, then allowed him to open the car door and assist her inside.
“Bastard better not get in behind her.” Ethan mumbled, then watched as Casanova closed the door with a smile, and a wave. His sigh of relief had just escaped when Dylan’s phone rang.
“What’s happening, Jerry?” Dylan placed the call on speaker.
“We’re meeting in an hour for coffee around the corner. He said his name is Elliott Carson James, just arrived from London.” Dylan was already walking with the phone to his computer. 
“I’ll run it, but we already know it’s an alias. What else?”
“This guy is smoooooth,” Jerry exaggerated the word. “I can understand how so many women fell for him. If I didn’t know better, I’d think I’d just met a prince.”
“You did,” Ethan chimed in. “The prince of darkness.”
Jerry laughed. “Glad to hear you made it full circle, Ethan.” Jerry felt a glow just hearing his voice. “You’re right, of course, but I’ve met a lot of serials, and I can tell you that this one is different. His eyes are bright and engaging, not blank, like the ones we’ve captured alive in the past.”
“How did he approach you?” Ethan asked.
“New in town, looking for directions. He also established his wealth right away, made sure I knew that the black Lamborghini was his.” Jerry paused. “You know, his need to overcompensate could mean that he’s impotent.”
“None of his victims showed signs of sexual assault, but we assumed that any sexual relationship he had with them was consensual.” Dylan turned away from his computer. “You may be onto something there, Jerry. The flashy cars, the wining and dining, the entire romantic build up to his kills, could indicate impotence.”
“Do you think he kills them because he can’t have sex?” Ethan asked, cheered by the possibility that Jerry would not have to make excuses to Casanova for not sleeping with him.
“It could be frustration, but it could also be a replication.” Dylan answered. “The physical similarities between the victims indicate that he’s killing the same woman, over and over. If we knew the identity of that woman, we’d know a lot more about our killer.”
“Do you think the woman he’s repetitively killing is dead, or alive?” Ethan questioned, warming to their new theory.
“That depends. If she’s his mother, or some other ideal that he’s set up on a pedestal, she could still be alive. The repetitive killings indicate his desire to take her life, while emphasizing his inability to do so; i.e. another form of impotence.” Jerry explained. “If he’s already killed her, something about the murder either did not satisfy him, and he’s killing to achieve the gratification he was denied, or her murder was so satisfying that he’s repeating it, strictly for the thrill.”
“What do you know about the first woman he killed?” Dylan asked Ethan. “Something more than what is in the file.”
“The first two bodies were discovered months after the actual murders. The rate of decomposition made it difficult to determine which one was killed first. According to the medical reports, both women were killed within days of each other.”
“That’s the only time that his kills are so close together.” Jerry offered. “That’s significant, from a profile standpoint, but it fits either scenario of killing to find denied satisfaction, or killing to repeat the thrill.”
“We need to take a closer look at those first two women. One of them may hold clues to his identity.” Dylan looked to Ethan. “I assume you checked if either woman reported having a stalker, or had been part of an abusive relationship of any kind.”
“None of the victims in England, or in Italy, had reported anything of that nature.” Ethan told him. “We know how to look for red flags.”
“Did you interview friends of the victims; sometimes women don’t report stalkers or abuse, for various reasons.” Jerry chimed in over the phone.
Ethan opened his briefcase. “I came on the case after the third victim was discovered. By the time I interviewed friends and families of the first two victims, months had passed, and no one had anything significant to offer.” He retrieved several files and began flipping through the pages. “I do seem to recall an odd coincidence surrounding one of the first two victims. Elizabeth Rogers had a fiancé who was missing at the time her body was discovered. For a time, the police thought he might be responsible for the first two killings, but parts of his body were later discovered in a nearby cave. He was an avid hiker and his death was attributed to a fall, as evidenced by significant depressions to his skull. The fact that only a few body parts remained seemed to fit the scenario, thanks to the high concentration of wild animals in the secluded area where he was found.” Ethan recapped the case.
“That’s a convenient coincidence, the victim’s fiancé being killed within the same time-frame. What if Casanova killed the fiancé, and disposed of the body where he knew animals would take care of the evidence?” Dylan began to pace.
“But why? He’s hasn’t killed any of the other companions. I’ll give you that it’s a strange coincidence, but how does it fit in with the profile?”
“If Elizabeth was his first victim, then she could hold special significance in his life. Killing her fiancé would have been personal, not a standard part of his M.O.” Jerry answered. “It was the exception to the rule, the trigger that created the monster, the reason for his need to kill again.” She took a breath. “We need to go deeper into Elizabeth Roger’s life. Talk to her best friends, her family. Find out everything we can about her relationships, prior to the one with her fiancé, as well as if anyone, or anything, made her uncomfortable near the time of her death.”
“I can do that.” Ethan checked his watch for the time difference. “It’s almost eight p.m. there, not too late to make calls. Jerry, be careful at the café.” 
“Yes, sir.” His concern touched her today, whereas it had previously been extremely annoying.
“We already have agents inside the café; another will add the tracking device to his car while you’re inside. To be on the safe side, do not even think of getting into the car with him until we’re positive the tracker is working. Make plans for later tonight, or tomorrow, but do not go away with him today.” Dylan’s orders irked her a little, but she didn’t let it show.
“Of course not. Standard procedure.” She reminded him. “I’ll handle Elliott, you two work on finding out more about Elizabeth. My gut is telling me we’re onto something there.”
“Mine too. Call us when the meeting’s over.” Dylan told her before disconnecting the call.

~~~

“I’ve heard wonderful things about the local symphony, and just happen to have tickets for tomorrow night’s performance.” Elliott walked the perfect line between cool aloofness and smitten suitor. “Would you care to accompany me?” His mannerisms did not seem affected, but he’d rehearsed his approach for hours, not wanting to seem too eager, nor too distant, in order to intrigue the beguiling Jerry. 
“The symphony? I’ve never been, but it could be fun.” Jerry tossed her hair, not willing to seem too eager.
“Wonderful.” Elliott’s eyes sparkled with delight, but his demeanor did not change. “Shall I call for you, around seven, tomorrow evening? We’ll have drinks before and dinner afterward, if that suits you.”
“I look forward to it,” Jerry pushed her coffee cup away, indicating that she was ready to leave. “Have the doorman ring me when you arrive and I’ll come down.”
“Perfect,” Elliott rose and extended his hand. Standing, Jerry took it. He brought her fingertips to his lips. “Until we meet again, sweet Jerry.”
Jerry returned his smile, and even managed to blush, all the while fighting the urge to jerk her hand away.

~~~

“Elizabeth’s sister remembers a man hanging around the gallery, where Elizabeth had a showing of her paintings, in the weeks before she was killed. She said he gave Elizabeth the creeps, but he was a patron, so she tolerated him. There was nothing overt, nothing sinister, just a feeling that he gave her, so there was really nothing to report.” Ethan told Dylan, just as Jerry phoned in to recap her meeting.
“Instincts are powerful things; more people should listen to them.” Dylan remarked.
“Yeah, but how do you report an instinct?” Jerry added. “Did the sister say anything else about the man? If he was a patron, I assume he had money.”
“He definitely appeared to be wealthy. The only other thing she said was that the man tried to give Elizabeth a ring, a rather large diamond, in fact, as a tip for helping him select several pieces to hang in his downtown flat. Elizabeth did not accept the diamond.”
“I’d say that was significant. Who gives someone a diamond as a tip?” Dylan scoffed.
“Someone trying to impress a woman, that’s who.” Jerry told him. “Did the sister mention this to the cops, after Elizabeth was found murdered?”
“No, she said she didn’t put it together, until I asked if anyone made Elizabeth uncomfortable around the time of her death.”
“I don’t suppose the sister knew the man’s name?” Dylan was hopeful.
“Not his full name, but she said that Elizabeth referred to him as ‘Prince Jonathan’ in deference to his attitude, not the fact that he was truly a royal.”
“If he hadn’t killed before, then Jonathan may be his real name. No need for an alias if you haven’t done anything wrong.” Dylan remarked. “If he made purchases, the gallery should have a record. I’ll get Nate on it. Jerry, tell Ethan about your date.” Dylan handed Ethan the phone. He promptly took it off speaker and pressed it to his ear.
“So, how are you?” he asked. “When are you seeing him again?”
“I’m fine, really. He was a perfect gentleman. We’re going to the symphony tomorrow night. Drinks first, dinner afterwards.” 
Ethan growled low in his throat. “If he shows up in his car, insist that Rodney drive you.”
Jerry tried to hide her chuckle. “I know you’re still concerned for my safety, but I’ll have to be alone with him sometime. We may as well get it started.”
“If Nate finds out his true identity, we may have other reasons to arrest him, and this whole exercise will be moot.” Ethan was grasping at straws.
“Short of evidence of another murder, we’ll still have to go through with it, so we can tie him to the women he killed. Please, let’s not have this conversation again.” Jerry pleaded.
“I miss you. Can we have that conversation?” Ethan deftly changed the subject.
“I miss you, too. We’re not still on speaker are we?”
“No,” Ethan chuckled. “It’s just you and me, for the moment. I wish I could see you tonight, wake up with you in the morning.”
“I know.” Jerry sighed. “To think of all the nights we wasted…” her voice trailed off. 
“You were playing hard to get.” Ethan teased.
“I most certainly was not. You were scared to make a move.” She teased back.
“I know, you terrify me.” Ethan’s words held a small ring of truth.
“If it’s any consolation, you terrify me too. But I wouldn’t change a thing.” Jerry assured him.
“The only thing I would change is this assignment. I want it over so we can start our lives.” Ethan had his back to the room and didn’t hear Dylan walk up behind him.
Dylan heard the sincerity in Ethan’s words and wondered again about Jerry’s tears in his vision of the future.
“Me, too.” Jerry leaned against the soft leather and closed her eyes. “Where are we going first, Australia?”
“Definitely. I want you to meet Mum and Pop, though Ella, my housekeeper, will be your toughest sell.” Ethan grinned into the phone. “She doesn’t think anyone will ever be good enough for me.”
Jerry cringed slightly, his words echoing her deepest fears. “I’ll do my best to win her over.”
Dylan cleared his voice loudly, not willing to hear any more of the lovebird’s conversation. “Nate wants us to meet at the diner for an early dinner. Said to tell you to bring your notes.” 
“Sure thing.” Ethan answered him, then spoke to Jerry. “You heard?”
“I heard. I’ll think of you boys eating burgers and fries, while I enjoy some of your awesome Osso Buco leftovers.”
“You do that. I’ll be sure to tell them what they missed. I’ll call you later.”
“Can’t wait.” 

~~~

“Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” Dylan asked Ethan, when he passed the phone back to him.
“What do you mean?” Ethan narrowed his eyes, not willing to discuss his feelings for Jerry.
“Jerry’s a good person, a fine agent, a catch by anyone’s standards. What makes you think that you’re worthy of her?”
“What makes you think I’m not?” Ethan worked to control his anger.
“I’ve known guys like you all my life. Had everything handed to you on a silver platter, didn’t you? Women especially. With your money, looks, and attitude, you’ve probably left a trail of broken hearts all over Europe.”
“And you think I’m playing Jerry, the same way I played countless others.” Ethan was losing the battle to control his anger.
“Well, aren’t you? You plan on sticking around, after we shut down this case? Or are you planning to hightail it back to wherever you came from, leaving Jerry crying in her beer?”
“Are you jealous?” Ethan wanted to make certain that Dylan was acting out of friendly concern, not unrequited feelings.
“Of course not, idiot. Jerry is my friend. I won’t stand by and watch her get hurt, not by you, or anyone else.”
“I told you before, I will not hurt Jerry. I love her, dammit, I want to spend the rest of my life proving it to her.” Ethan stood toe to toe with Dylan, but he still raised his voice. “Are you satisfied? Is that what you wanted to hear?”
“No, it wasn’t.” Dylan stepped back and shook his head. “I know you’ll hurt her, I just don’t know how.” He lowered his voice. “You say you love her, and God help me, I believe you. But my gut is telling me that you’ll end up leaving her anyway.”
“When I leave, Jerry is going with me. Tell that to your gut and back the hell off.” Ethan glared at Dylan before turning away. He’d be damned if he shared anymore of his feelings about Jerry with that imbecile.
Chapter Seventeen

“The concert was wonderful, thank you for inviting me.” Jerry spooned caviar onto a toast point.
“My pleasure, it really was surprisingly good.” Elliott’s voice held a distinct shade of snobbery. “One doesn’t expect such an elegant performance in the states.”
“As I’ve nothing to compare it to, I can’t argue. I’m sure you know best.” Jerry acquiesced.
“Have you never been to Europe?” Elliott brushed an imaginary crumb from his sleeve.
“No,” Jerry’s disgruntled tone did not pair well with her Dior gown. “Not once.”
Secretly pleased with her obvious irritation, Elliott’s smile was one of understanding. “Well, that just will not do. Everyone should see the stars over an English country estate, or watch the sunset from a villa in the Oia village, on the island of Santorini in Greece. And Paris, you must walk the streets of Paris during April, smell the cherry blossoms, and feel the charge in the atmosphere.”
“It all sounds divine,” Jerry sighed. “I’ve dreamed of traveling abroad, but so far it hasn’t worked out.” She looked appropriately disappointed.
“Such a shame, we’ll have to fix that.” Elliott took the opportunity to pat her hand and look meaningfully into her eyes. He saw the moment when her interest sparked, when she began thinking of him as someone more than a way to kill time, while her lover was out of town. His plan was progressing perfectly.
“Yes,” she gushed, “we really should.”
Elliott spent the remainder of dinner impressing Jerry with his travels, describing his homes around the world, and dropping names of the rich and famous people, with whom he frequently shared cocktails, dinner and vacations. 
Jerry’s head was spinning with the amount of information Elliott imparted during dinner. If she didn’t already know who he was, the picture he painted of his life would impress even the most jaded individual. 
Thanks to Elizabeth’s sister, they now knew that Elliott was actually Jonathan Gerrard, the heir to a British mining fortune, and the definition of a wealthy playboy, living a life of leisure as he flitted between continents, accomplishing nothing more productive than running astounding tabs at the various resorts which caught his fancy.
According to Jonathan’s estranged father, Jonathan would have been cut out of the family fortune long ago, had it not been for the terms of his grandfather’s trust. As it stood, none of Jonathan’s family associated with him, partially due to his frivolous lifestyle, and partially due to the mental illness, which he refused to treat.
Jonathan’s delusional disorder could be managed with a combination of drug and psychiatric therapy, but Jonathan decided long ago that he would handle it on his own. 
“Wouldn’t you agree, my dear?” Jonathan/Elliott’s question brought Jerry out of her reverie. He’d been spewing on so long about this party and that event, that she couldn’t help but zone out a bit.
“Of course, Elliott. I agree.” She smiled as if whatever she’d just agreed with mattered.
“Wonderful. Then it’s a date. We’ll visit the art museum in the morning, and the aquarium in the afternoon. You can give your driver the day off; I’ll take you wherever you need to go.” Elliott looked very pleased with himself.
“That’s very kind of you,” Jerry smiled and hoped the agents, two tables over, had recorded the conversation, so she would know exactly what she’d agreed to.
“What a fortuitous moment, running into you yesterday. I don’t think I’ve ever met a more delightful companion by merely asking directions.”
“Thank you.” Jerry smiled demurely. “The feeling is mutual.”
Elliott beamed. 


~~~

“I don’t think I’ve ever had a killer bore me so completely.” Jerry told Ethan on their nightly phone call. 
“I’m sure a different type of woman would find him fascinating.” Ethan laughed. 
“Probably, one who decided he was the next meal ticket. The man does have a way of making you feel special, when he’s not droning on about his fabulous life.” Jerry stretched out on the bed, glad to be home and spending time with Ethan.
“By the way, Dylan asked me to tell you that the court order for Jonathan’s psychiatric records came through. We should have copies tomorrow.”
“Those should shed some light. Delusional disorders range from thinking the mailman is out to get you, to full blown psychotic events. It would be helpful to know just how crazy he is.”
“You’re not very politically correct, are you Agent Forbes?” Ethan chuckled.
“I call ‘em like I see ‘em, Inspector Barnes.”
“That’s Chief Inspector Barnes to you.” 
“Pardon me, Chief Inspector Barnes.” Jerry mocked. “Changing the subject, did you speak to your parents about bringing me over?”
“As a matter of fact, I did. Mum is likely still in shock and Pop is already planning your sightseeing tour of Western Australia.” Ethan grinned as he remembered how excited his parents had been to hear that he was bringing a woman home.
“Sounds great. I need to put in for my vacation time.” Jerry said absently, reaching for her cell phone to text Nate. “What are you thinking, a week or so after we wrap this case? Or longer?”
“I have to return to England, complete the paperwork, but you could come with me. We could take a few days, see the sights, then head off to Australia. I really don’t want to spend one more night away from you than is absolutely necessary, Agent Forbes.” Ethan lowered his voice to a seductive whisper.
Jerry felt the shiver that always accompanied thoughts of Ethan in her bed. “I’ll put in for a month off, beginning immediately upon the completion of this assignment.” She typed the same words into her phone, then hit send. “Done.”
“Gotta love technology.” Ethan stretched out across the double bed that could not contain his length. He looked forward to these nightly chats with Jerry; the intimacy of their conversations allowed them to get to know each other in ways reminiscent of letter writing in decades past. 
They talked of everything and nothing at all, and found that they shared views on religion, or spirituality, but held vastly diverse opinions regarding politics. Ethan still hadn’t mentioned that he was technically a royal, nor had he mentioned that his inheritance made Jonathan/Elliott’s look like chicken feed. It wasn’t that he was intentionally keeping those facts from her, he honestly didn’t think they mattered.
“We’re not crazy, are we? Thinking we can have a life together, when we barely know each other.” It was a question Jerry asked every night, in one form or another. Ethan understood her need for reassurances, and gave them to her freely.
“No, we’re not crazy. We’re both old enough to know how we feel, and smart enough to take a chance on a lifetime of happiness when it’s staring us in the face. No matter how long since we’ve met, we know each other’s hearts, at least I feel like I know yours, and I’ve tried to show you mine.”
“You do and you have. I’m sorry I keep asking, but these feelings are just so new for me.”
“You can ask as often as you like, love, the answers will be the same.” Ethan said softly.
“I like it when you call me that.” Jerry sounded like a little girl, sweet and slightly awestruck.
“Then I’ll always call you love,” Ethan told her, amazed that such a simple word could mean so much to her.
“Even when I’m old, and look like a prune?” Jerry teased.
“Even then. Remember, I’ll be a prune, too.”
“Men always age better than women, when you’re eighty, you’ll still be devastatingly handsome.”
“And you’ll still be drop-dead gorgeous.”
“Flatterer.”
“Speak for yourself.”
“I think it’s time we stopped speaking, have you looked at the clock lately?” Jerry smiled, knowing that Ethan would talk to her all night, if she wanted.
“Time doesn’t matter.” 
“Tell that to the bags underneath my eyes tomorrow. I have to be an adoring companion, hanging on his every word, in six hours.”
“Lucky bastard.” Ethan grumbled. “You know I’m not happy about you getting into the car alone with him.” He reminded her.
Jerry rolled her eyes. “You’ve made that quite clear. Do you need another demonstration of my martial arts abilities?”
“Once was enough, thanks. I know you can take care of yourself, under normal circumstances, but what if he drugs you, or manages to restrain your hands? There are a million ways this mission could go wrong.”
“Even if he does manage to get the upper hand, we have agents tracking, and following, our every move. It will be fine, Ethan. Stop worrying.”
“I know I sound like a broken record, but I can’t help it. Promise me you’ll be extra careful.”
“I promise.” It was another variation of a conversation they had every night.
“Okay, I suppose that will have to do. Get some rest, love, I’ll speak with you tomorrow.”
“You too, sweet dreams.” 

~~~

“You have anything to do with Jerry asking for a month’s vacation?” Dylan greeted Ethan the next morning.
“Good morning to you, too, Dawes. What if I did?” Ethan continued to scroll through new text messages as he sipped coffee, effectively ignoring Dylan’s foul mood.
“Jerry never takes a vacation, and you’ve convinced her to go away with you for a whole month? Where are you taking her?” In spite of the fact that it was obvious how much Ethan cared for Jerry, Dylan still felt the need to protect her from him, or from herself, he wasn’t quite sure which.
Ethan met the other man’s scowl with a polite smile. “If you must know, I’m taking her to Australia to meet my parents. Before that, we’ll take a jaunt around Europe, hitting the high points.”
“And then what?”
“That’s up to us, is it not?” Ethan’s polite tone became more than a little chilled.
Still concerned with the vision of consoling Jerry, right here in San Francisco, Dylan began to think that maybe something did happen to Ethan, not that he was playing Jerry for a fool. He’d have to keep a close eye on Ethan’s activities when this whole thing came to a head. Great, he thought, like I need to babysit Barnes when Jerry is in the most danger.
“Yeah, that’s up to the two of you. But know this, no matter how far away you take her, I can still find you if you hurt her.”
“Got it. This is really getting old, Dawes. When are you going to get that I only want the best for Jerry? Is it so hard for you to believe that I might actually be in love with her?” 
Dylan was silent for several moments, digesting Ethan’s question. 
“No, that’s not so hard to believe.” He finally said, but his thoughts took a different track; then what would make you leave her?
“Then stop questioning my motives and accept what is.” Ethan glared at him a moment, then switched gears. “What’s the status of the psychiatric reports?”
“We should have them anytime now. One of the bureau’s psychiatrists will decipher them, then give us a report.”
“”How long will that take? Jerry will be alone with him in less than two hours.” 
“It’s being fast-tracked, but I can’t change FBI protocol. We should have it later today, tomorrow at the latest.” Dylan didn’t like the delay any more than Ethan. “She won’t exactly be alone with him, just for the car ride to the museum, and then to the aquarium.”
“That’s enough.”
“Agreed.” 

~~~

“Who knew that playing the role of a socialite could be so exhausting? My face is in permanent smile mode, which really hurts my cheeks.” Jerry complained to Dylan, when she made her afternoon report.
“Buck up princess, it could be worse. Be grateful that you’re not on this side of the fence, hearing Ethan swear every time Jonathan touches you.” Dylan chuckled and ducked Ethan’s attempt to punch him in the arm.
“Maybe they don’t need to follow us around with cameras.” Jerry offered, half-heartedly. 
“You think he’d be any better if he couldn’t see what was happening?” Dylan laughed again. “Man’s got it bad, Jer.” This time Ethan’s punch landed on the mark.
Jerry smiled, glad that Dylan was finally coming around where Ethan was concerned. “He’s not the only one,” she admitted softly.
“You think that’s news to me? I saw the writing on the wall from day one. Anyway,” Dylan changed the subject, “you’re doing a great job with Jonathan. If I didn’t know better, I’d believe you were falling for the guy.”
“Thanks.” Jerry added wryly. “He’s certainly moving things along. We’re having dinner tonight in Sausalito, then he wants to take me to a Giant’s game tomorrow. Said he always wanted to experience American baseball.”
“Ethan and I may have to tail you on that one, it’s time for a change of agents anyway. Thanks to a scheduling snafu, we’ve had to use the same female agent two times in a row.”
“I noticed that, but they were discreet enough that I don’t think it was a problem. Jonathan’s attitude never changed, so I’m sure he didn’t notice.”
“Regardless, we’ll have a new pair on you tonight.”
“Good to know. If there’s nothing else, I have to get ready for dinner.” Jerry’s grimace read clearly through the phone.
“Nope, that’s it. I’ll call you if we get the psychiatric report before you leave.”
“Thanks.”

~~~

Jonathan/Elliott circled Jerry’s block to make certain that the car he thought was following him, actually was. Sure enough, the dark blue Ford kept a discreet distance, but it stayed with him, just the same.
He’d noticed the woman trailing behind them in the aquarium, thought she’d looked familiar. Thinking back, he remembered seeing the same woman in the art museum that morning, but with a different companion. 
When had he picked up a tail? Who could be following him? He’d been so careful to change his appearance, change his vehicle, so that no one could connect him to any of his activities, since arriving in the states. He’d been careful not to leave evidence at the crime scenes, sure that the bodies’ exposure to the elements would remove any trace of him over time. Why were they following him? If they could connect him to his first four conquests, then why didn’t they just arrest him? 
Perhaps it’s a trap, he thought. If they somehow connected him without enough evidence to arrest him, then it stands to reason that they would follow him to try and catch him in the act. Years of therapy taught him that being delusional wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. What’s the phrase, he thought, then said aloud, laughter edging his voice, “just because you’re paranoid doesn’t mean they’re not out to get you.”
Regardless of his mental health issues, someone was definitely following him, that much was clear. After circling the block again, he headed off in the direction of the Bay Bridge. Sure enough, the car stayed with him, even through rush hour traffic.
Certain that he was on the right track, he nabbed the first open parking spot he came across. Street parking was like gold in the city, so he felt confident that this maneuver would complicate his shadow’s ability to monitor him.
He needed time to think, to contemplate his next move. A busy coffee shop on a populated side street seemed the perfect place to formulate a plan. While waiting at the cross walk, he noted, with satisfaction, the dark blue Ford coming down the road again. They could circle the block for days, he thought, he could still elude them if he wanted.
Settled at a corner table with a drink and a biscotti, Jonathan began to compartmentalize the days past, moment by moment. His first concern was if the entity following him knew where he lived. Thinking back to this morning, he tried to visualize the blue Ford on the street outside the house, or following him to collect Jerry. Nothing registered, but that didn’t mean the car had not been there. 
Thinking of Jerry, could she possibly be in on the plan to capture him? Or was she simply an unwitting pawn for some government agency? She was so lovely, so perfect for him, he had trouble imagining her working in some bland, bureaucratic office. 
No, he thought, she had to be an unsuspecting participant in their little capture plan. She would never betray him that way. Still, he had to make a decision about whether or not to continue on his path, or to abandon the budding romance altogether.
Thoughts of leaving Jerry before their last adventure together made him physically ill. Just as she would not betray him, he would not betray her. They would have their special time together, he would simply be more careful. 
First and foremost, he could not let the shadow know that he was onto them. He would go home, get ready for dinner, and take Jerry out as planned. Tomorrow’s baseball game would be the perfect place to make the necessary alterations to his own game plan. Smiling, he tipped the waitress and strolled back to his car.
Chapter Eighteen

The shrill ring of his cell phone brought Ethan out of a dreamless sleep. He’d only just drifted off, having spoken with Jerry for hours after her dinner with Jonathan.
“What?” He growled without looking at the screen.
“Barnes? It’s Jamison. You up?” The gravelly voice of his superior officer brought Ethan fully awake. The man never made contact, unless there was trouble.
“I am now, sir. What’s happening?” Ethan flipped on the light switch, hoping to shatter the feeling of dread, blossoming in his gut.
“You alone?” Jamison was a man of few words.
“Yes, sir.”
“It’s the Anson brothers. They’ve escaped.”
“How the hell did that happen? They were locked up tight in the psychiatric ward at Portlaoise.” 
“Long story. Suffice it to say that they’re out, and they’re gunning for you.” Ethan heard the flick of a lighter as Jamison lit a cigar. “We need you back here, pronto.”
“But sir, we’re near the end of this case, I’d like to see it through.” Ethan’s mind reeled at the thought of leaving Jerry in the clutches of a madman.
“The Yanks can wrap that up, you’re going deep underground, protective custody, while we figure out where these lunatics will strike next.”
“All due respect, sir, do you really think they’ll track me to California in the next few days?”
“It’s a distinct possibility. They’ve been monitoring your activity for the past year. They know which case you’re working. We found pictures of you and that agent, Jerry Forbes, in their cell.”
“Jerry? They had pictures of Jerry? How?”
“We’re working on it. The only people we know that they’ve been in contact with are the prison guards, and their psychiatric team. Obviously, there’s a mole.”
“Have they killed since the escape?”
“Two prison guards and a taxi driver, so far.”
“Dammit. If they left pictures, they want me to know I’m a target.”
“The pictures are not all they left behind. Before I tell you the rest, know that we’ve already placed your family under protective custody.”
“My family? How did they make the connection to my family?” Ethan’s voice boomed in the quiet hotel room.
“The tech department discovered a breach in security last week, but it appeared that no files were accessed. We now know that several personnel files were copied, including yours.”
Ethan’s mind raced. He knew he had to leave, but what could he tell Jerry that would keep her safe? The Ansons were the worst of the worst; he had to remove the target from Jerry and keep her from following him to Europe. Stubborn as she was, she’d insist on helping him recapture the twins, especially if she knew how much danger he’d be facing.
“I’ve heard enough. I’ll leave today.” Ethan’s voice was grim, knowing that the only way to keep Jerry safe was to break her heart, but he couldn’t do it alone.

~~~

Ethan sat in the nearly empty diner, waiting for Dylan to show up. The weight of what he was about to ask of the man, and the resulting destruction to his and Jerry’s relationship, sat heavy on his shoulders.
“What in the hell is so important that it couldn’t wait a few hours? The sun’s not even up.” Dylan straggled into the diner, ready for a fight. Ethan’s phone call took him from a very nice dream, one of a blond-haired beauty, and a sultry southern beach.
“I need your help.” Ethan slid a steaming cup of coffee towards him. “It’s for Jerry. Drink up.” He nodded towards the mug.
Dylan read the quiet desperation, and something else, on Ethan’s face; pain mixed with determination. Whatever had caused Slick to get him out of bed was serious. He sipped the coffee and waited.
“Two years ago, I was instrumental in capturing the Anson brothers, twins who thrived on torturing, maiming, and murdering, random men and women in England, Ireland and Scotland.” Ethan began without preamble. “Their killing spree lasted for more than six months, primarily because we weren’t aware that they were twins. The only pattern we could detect was that there was no pattern. One day, a woman was raped and mutilated in the hills of Scotland, the same afternoon, a teenage boy suffered the same fate in the heart of London. We knew the murders were connected, the M.O.’s were the same, but the distance, and the time span for the torture of each victim, made it impossible for one person to commit both crimes.” Ethan took a breath. “Also, video surveillance showed the same person, or so we thought, in both locations around the times of the murders. Instead of searching for twins, we focused the investigation on means of transportation between the two locations, which cost us valuable time.”
“During the course of their killing spree, two victims, each tortured and killed in the same way, always turned up on the same day, hundreds of miles apart.  The only time the brothers varied their M.O was toward the end of the spree, when they came together to slaughter the family of the lead investigator on the case.” Ethan ran his hands over his eyes. Images of the carnage would haunt him forever.
“Why are you telling me this? What does it have to do with Jerry?” Dylan prompted, shaking Ethan from the nightmarish memories.
Ethan ignored the questions and continued his spiel. “I took over the investigation at that point, the lead obviously could not continue. Long story short, we captured them not long afterward, and they vowed revenge on me as the head of the task force. As you know, a prisoner spouting off is nothing new, so I dismissed the threat, especially as they were sentenced to life in the psychiatric ward of Portlaoise.”
“That’s one of the most secure prisons in Europe.” Dylan nodded. “But why the psychiatric ward?”
“If you’d seen the butchery they left behind, especially when they slaughtered the officer’s family, you’d know that no sane person could do that to other humans, or animals, for that matter.” Ethan shuddered. “I’m giving you this background so you can understand why I need your help to keep Jerry safe. They’ve escaped. We don’t know how yet, but they were always very clever. Pictures of Jerry and me were found in their cell. Apparently, they’ve been tracking my movements for the past year. They also have information on my family, thanks to a hack job at Interpol.”
Dylan sat in silence, understanding of both Ethan’s need for help, and the vision of a devastated Jerry, dawning clear. 
“You’re leaving.” He said simply.
“Today. I can’t tell Jerry why, or she’ll want to go with me. She can’t know the danger I’m in, and she can’t follow me. She’ll be safer if it appears that I’ve cut all ties with her, that this was just an assignment, and that she means nothing to me.” Ethan’s voice caught on his last words. Dylan pretended not to notice.
“So you want me to help you break her heart.” He stated, knowing it was the only way to keep Jerry from finding out the truth.
“Yes. If you can think of another way to keep her away from me until I catch those bastards again, I’d like to hear it.”
Dylan considered Ethan’s dilemma. He knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that Jerry would try to help him, if she knew the truth. He trusted Ethan’s instincts, and knowledge of the killers, enough to trust that Jerry needed to stay far away, in order not to be a target. Like Ethan, he could see no other way to protect her, than to convince her that Ethan was a lying scumbag.
“What do you want me to do?” Dylan asked quietly.
“I’m afraid that if I simply disappear, she’ll suspect something is not right. I have to convince her that I’m a bastard. That’s where you come in.”
“I can get behind that.” Dylan smiled wryly, not at all happy with being complicit in lying to Jerry, even if it was for her own good.
“I thought you might. One thing, before we start. No one else can know about the ruse, not Nate, not anyone at all. There’s a leak somewhere, and until we know who and where, this has to be just between us.”
“Agreed, but Nate is no leak.”
“I’m not saying that he is, but the fewer people who know the truth, the better.” Ethan waited for Dylan’s nod of agreement. “The first thing we have to do is get Jerry some proof that I’m a cheat.” Ethan cringed when he said the word, then continued. “Pictures of me with other women will work, I think, especially if they’re time-stamped within the past week.”
“Where do you propose we find these women? It’s still not even sunrise.”
“That works in our favor. We’ll start with Allison, our lovely waitress.” Ethan nodded in the direction of the bored-looking young woman, wiping down the counter. “A few hundred dollars, a new dress, the right setting, and voila, we’ve got a romantic date.” 
“How many women are you thinking?” 
“Three should do it. We’ll take photos with the other two this morning, at different places in the city. I’ll call an escort service for the other women, should make it quick and easy.”
“And I’m supposed to show her the pictures after you leave?” Dylan knew the idea was solid.
“Yes, after you wrap up Casanova. I do not want her distracted.” Ethan grabbed Dylan’s wrist in a vice-like grip. “I’m trusting you to keep her safe for the remainder of this assignment.”
Dylan read Ethan’s desperation and nodded. “I’ll make sure she comes out of this alive. You have my word.”
Ethan searched Dylan’s eyes before releasing his grip. “Thank you.”
Dylan nodded. “Are you walking away from her for good, or until you capture the Ansons?”
“One thing I know for sure is that Jerry is my soul mate. I’ll be back for her, if she’ll have me.” Ethan sat back, resigned to his immediate fate, while refusing to give up on a future with Jerry. “You have to help convince her that I lied, that I was simply playing a role. I may also need your help in the future, when I try to get her back.”
“The only reason I’m doing this is because I know Jerry. If she has one inkling that you’re in danger, she’ll be on the next plane to find you. I’ll make sure she believes that you lied, but as for the future, I’m not making any promises. If, when you do return, I think that she’s better off without you, I won’t help you get near her.”
“If I think she’s better off without me, I won’t come back.” Ethan said quietly. “Get your camera. I’ll start working on the waitress.”
Chapter Nineteen


Jerry glanced around, unobtrusively, as Elliott led her to the private elevator that would whisk them both to their exclusive box seats. She hadn’t spoken with Dylan, or Ethan, all morning, which was more than a little unusual. Nate had assured her that the ball game was covered, but he couldn’t say exactly who would be watching over her.
Jonathan saw Jerry glance around from the corner of his eye. He was not as sure today that she would not betray him. A long night of devising strategies, and making plans for their final adventure together, had left him surprisingly alert to every nuance of her body language, expressions and breathing patterns. He felt an underlying tension from her, which belied her relaxed demeanor. Totally confident that he was reading her correctly, he became even more certain that she was more like Beth than he initially thought. She would betray him at the first opportunity.
Smiling down at her as they rode the elevator up, he mentally covered the exit strategy he’d devised, one that would take her away from under the noses of whoever was stalking them.
Jerry had felt a change in Jonathan/Elliott from the moment he ushered her into his car. A subtle difference in the way he carried himself, more confident, if that was possible, and more stealthy. The hairs on the back of her neck were standing straight up, but she could determine no obvious reason for her discomfort. It was too soon in the timeline for Jonathan to make his move. Also, they were attending a very public game, not on a trek through the woods.
The well-appointed box contained everything they could want, while observing a baseball game. An elegant table, laden with food, stood adjacent to a well-stocked bar. Plush seats, to accommodate twenty, lined the front glass enclosure. Four other small groups milled around the room, each group acknowledged the new arrivals with polite nods, when the elevator door slid open. 
“Friends of yours?” Jerry asked in a quiet aside.
“No. Friends of friends. I thought you’d be more comfortable here than in the bleachers with the masses.” He neglected to mention that he wouldn’t be caught dead in the folding seats reserved for common ticketholders. 
“Thank you, this is wonderful.” Jerry smiled warmly at Jonathan and placed her hand on his arm.
“Would you like a drink?” He offered, guiding her to the seating area. “How about champagne?”
“That sounds lovely,” Jerry perched on the edge of the seat. 
“I’ll be back shortly.” Jonathan kissed her hand before releasing it.
Jerry took the opportunity to study the room while Jonathan was gone. The only exits were the elevator, and a door marked ‘Stairs’ at the end of a long hallway, just beyond the restrooms. 
By the time Jonathan came back with their drinks, people were taking seats and preparing for the first pitch.
Jerry arranged the delicate pin she wore clipped to her Hermes scarf, so that the camera angle would take in the field. If Ethan and Dylan weren’t here, she could at least let them see some of the game.
Jonathan watched her fidget with her scarf and became more convinced that she was nervous about her betrayal.
The drug hit Jerry within the first few sips of champagne. The room began to spin, and the only stable force she could find was Jonathan’s embrace. 
Jonathan held her close, murmuring platitudes, as he braced her body against his, and helped her from the room, all the while smiling apologetically at the nearby fans who noticed. As soon as they reached the hallway, Jonathan swept Jerry into his arms and carried her toward the exit. 
Jerry’s head lolled against the soft fabric of Jonathan’s shoulder. It felt as if she were flying, suspended in forward movement along a long, empty hallway. Her body felt lifeless, she was completely unable to move, even her finger. The camera pin was pressed against his chest, offering a view of brown fibers to the watchful agents.

~~~

“We’ve got a malfunction.” Rodney, pulling double duty as a monitor as he sat in the agency car, parked outside of the ballpark, called Dylan as soon as the image from Jerry’s pin camera became fuzzy.
“What do you mean a malfunction?” Dylan, weary from the morning’s extracurricular activities with Ethan, and heartsick about his role in the whole thing, didn’t bother to hide his aggravation.
“I don’t know. It looked like Jerry started for the hallway off of the main room, when the screen started wobbling. As soon as she reached the edge of the room, the screen turned brown and fibrous.”
“What do you hear?” Dylan became instantly alert.
“Nothing, not even background noise.”
“Is the camera moving at all?”
“Now it is. Looks like it’s bobbing up and down, but we’ve still got nothing but a brown image.”
“Hold on.” Switching to a different phone, he called Moretti, one of the agents charged with following Jerry and Jonathan this morning. “Do you have eyes on the target?” He demanded without preamble.
“Negative. They went inside a private box. We’re outside the elevator door.”
“Dammit. What was the unsub wearing?”
“Brown jacket, khaki slacks, and an open-collar shirt.”
“Dammit all to hell. Get someone to the stairway leading from the box, and send someone in to question the witnesses. You stay by the elevator, in case they come out that way. They’re on the move.” Dylan clicked off and went back to Rodney.
“What do you see now?”
“Still brown, still movement, jarring up and down. What do you think is happening?”
“He’s onto us.” Dylan’s voice was grim. “He’s carrying her out, the brown you see is his jacket. Dammit.” Dylan began to pace. “Do you still have eyes on his car?”
“Yes, no activity since they disappeared inside the park.”
“Good, that’s good.” Dylan ran his hand through his hair in agitation. “But if he’s onto us, he may have a different way out. That’s what I would do, a Plan B,” he murmured. “You let me know the second that camera view changes, or if you see him heading for the car. I’m calling for back-up.”
“Will do.” Rodney’s eyes remained glued to the screen.
“Nate,” Dylan barely gave him time to answer. “Casanova’s taken Jerry, we need back-up at every exit of AT&T Park. Immediately.”
“Hold on.” Nate quickly gave orders to the young agent, assisting him with the red tape involved with the assignment. “They’re on the way. What in hell is happening?” He demanded.
“He’s onto us. I think he has an alternate escape vehicle. What do you want to bet that it’s not one we’ve got tracking on? Tell the back-up to look for Casanova driving any kind of car. They may or may not see Jerry in the vehicle.”
Nate relayed the message before insisting on more detail. “Tell me exactly what happened.”
“He took her to a private box at the stadium. Shortly after, Jerry’s camera pin began to wobble, then the image became fuzzy brown. The brown screen was moving up and down, similar to what would occur if the unsub was carrying her. Oh, he’s wearing a brown jacket.”
“Jones, activate the GPS on Jerry Forbes’ phone.” Nate barked to his assistant. “What’s happening this instant?” He demanded of Dylan.
“Hold on, I’ll patch us in with Rodney.” Ten seconds later, Dylan had them on a three-way. “Rodney, what’s the status?”
“No activity at the car, the camera’s still projecting brown fuzz.” He began, then became excited. “Wait, the image is changing, I see his face. It’s like he’s looming over her. I see the inside of a car trunk. He’s searching Jerry for something, I see him moving above her. He’s jostling her…wait…I see what looks like the inside of a parking garage. There’s a noise, like ripping duct tape. Crap, he’s sealing the trunk.”
“What color is the car, can you tell?” Dylan asked, his tension level escalating.
“Dark green or dark gray, hard to tell from this angle.”
“Can you get the make?”
“No, but the trunk is small, couldn’t be bigger than a midsize car.”
Nate relayed the information to his assistant.
“What else, Rodney, what’s he doing now?” Dylan tried to keep his cool, but a feeling of helplessness slowly began to descend over him.
“He just slammed the trunk closed. It’s black now.” Rodney sat back, feeling defeated. 
“We know he’s got another car. Dylan, check the tracking information on the Mas and the Prius, see if they’re on the move. Rodney, get to the nearest exit of the parking garage, watch for him to leave.” Nate turned to his assistant. “What’s the word on Jerry’s GPS?”
“It’s active, but it’s stable. The best I can give you is the address for the parking garage, adjacent to AT&T Park.”
“Stay on it, let me know the moment the location changes. Redirect all available back-up to the parking garage exits.” Nate turned his attention to Dylan. “What’s the word?”
“No movement on any of his known vehicles. Bastard got smart and turned the tables on us.”
“Where’s Ethan? I want you both on the streets, just in case this turns into a manhunt.”
“Ethan’s gone. He left this morning. Said he knew we had it under control, and he had to get back.” Dylan lied.
Stunned, Nate was silent for several heartbeats. “I didn’t see that coming. Does Jerry know?”
“Not yet. I’ll break it to her when this is done.” The tension in Dylan’s voice translated perfectly through the phone.
“Better you than me,” Nate muttered, then changed directions. “Head to the roof, I’ll bring the chopper in ten.”
“On my way.”

~~~

The rental car, waiting on the third level of the parking deck, was completely different from Jonathan’s usual style. Compact and nondescript, the dark green Toyota fit in seamlessly with every other car on the freeway. Jonathan laughed delightedly as he left the crowded parking lot of AT&T Park, and merged into the throng of vehicles on the Bayshore Freeway, heading away from the bay. His laughter grew when he spotted the unmarked cars, with blue lights blazing through the windshields, rush past him on the opposite side of the road. 
“Too little, too late,” he sang, straightening the blond wig he’d had the foresight to bring. “She’s mine now, all mine.” Rather than cheer him, the thoughts of Jerry’s betrayal saddened him. He had so hoped that she was different from the others, so wanted her to be worthy of his love. 
“They’re all the same.” Hitting the steering wheel, his facial expression changed instantly from gleeful exuberance at outsmarting the cops, to a menacing, maniacal scowl worthy of a madman.
At the first opportunity, he exited the freeway onto a thoroughfare that would lead him to the 101 and his desired destination, Carmel. The cliffs in the area were some of the most beautiful along the California coast. He’d always planned to visit, just not this soon.

~~~

“No green, or gray, midsize cars have exited the parking garage since we arrived.” The report was the same from every officer and agent assigned to the structure. 
“How the hell did he get out so fast?” Dylan asked Nate from the backseat of the chopper.
“Damned if I know. Let’s fly along the expressway. He’s likely heading for his comfort zone, the mountains.” Nate’s terse orders to the pilot told Dylan how concerned he was for Jerry’s safety. If Casanova was going towards the cliffs, they both knew his agenda.
“Jerry can take care of herself, boss.” Dylan reminded both of them.
“Sure she can, if she’s not out cold, or restrained.” Nate voiced what they both feared. “Go lower,” he barked at the pilot, “I want to see inside every car on that highway.”

~~~

Jerry awoke to a screaming headache, and cramps in her legs. She knew right away that she was in the trunk of a car. In addition to the humps on both sides of the enclosure, the searing heat inside the space, and the drone of the motor, gave it away.
How long had she been out? Moving her arm to reach into her pocket for the phone was excruciating, and proved fruitless. Her phone was gone. 
Feeling for the lever that would open the trunk from the inside, she found duct tape covering the switch, a simple but effective way of disabling the escape route. He’d also covered the inside of the taillights with duct tape, keeping her from punching through for light and air. She couldn’t reach the edge of the strips, he’d anticipated her efforts and blocked every move.
“Round one, psycho.” Jerry muttered, as she felt every inch of space she could reach inside the trunk, searching for anything she could use to break through the tape. Nothing. The trunk was clean.
The car was moving at a steady clip, the wheels kept time with the drumming in her head. Rearranging her body to find as comfortable a position as possible, she was suddenly grateful for the hours spent folding herself in abnormal ways during yoga. The relaxation techniques she’d learned helped clear her mind in preparation for the battle to come. 
As much as she’d like to believe that Ethan and Dylan were hot on her trail, she knew in her gut that she was on her own. If she was coming out of this one alive, she would do it alone.
The thought didn’t frighten her, but she knew that Ethan would be frantic. For love of him as much as herself, she knew she had to escape whatever Jonathan had in store for her.
How the hell had he discovered they were onto him? Had she said or done something to make him suspicious? She’d felt that things were off this morning, but not enough to get her spidey senses tingling. If he’d veered this much from his M.O., then his next move was not at all predictable.
“I’d lay dollars to donuts that we’re heading for the cliffs, but which ones?” Jerry spoke aloud, as much to hear her own voice in the dark space, as to express her thought. “It doesn’t matter which ones,” she reasoned. “I’ll need to outwit him, and overpower him, in order to get away.”
It was then that she remembered the camera pin. Twisting her arm upward, she felt that it was still in place. More than visual, the camera also had audio capabilities. Whoever was watching may not be able to see inside the darkened space, but they may be able to hear her, as long as they were in range.
“Hello,” she placed her lips near the pin, not willing to let Jonathan hear her speak. “This is Jerry. I’m okay. I’m in a trunk. No phone.” She racked her brain for something she could tell them that would help, but she had nothing. Without concern for the ribbing she would take from Dylan, and whomever else happened to be listening, she sent Ethan a message. “Tell Ethan that I’m fine and not to worry. Tell him that I love him, and that I’ll see him soon.” It was the only comfort she could give, but thoughts of him strengthened her resolve to walk away from this nightmare.

~~~

“It’s Jerry, she’s awake and talking.” Rodney’s phone was patched into Dylan’s and Nate’s headsets.
“What did she say?” They asked in unison.
“She said she’s okay, that she’s in a trunk, and that she doesn’t have a phone.” Rodney blushed, then continued. “She also sent a message for Ethan, but it’s personal. Is he around?” Rodney had seen the way those two looked at each other, and suspected that the romance was not a fake.
“No, but I’ll see that he gets it.” Dylan lied again. “What was it?”
“She said for him not to worry, that she’ll see him soon. And that she loves him.” Rodney’s blush deepened. It felt awkward to be privy to such personal information.
“Thanks, Rodney.” Dylan’s tone was harsh. “Let us know if she says anything else.”
Nate waited for the vein in Dylan’s neck to stop throbbing before he spoke. 
“Ethan’s not coming back, is he?”
“Nope.” Dylan shifted his eyes, not sure he could lie to Nate while looking at him dead on. “It gets worse. He’s been playing Jerry, seeing other women, while stringing her along. Son of a bitch thinks he’s some kind of modern day Don Juan, and Jerry thinks he hung the moon.” Dylan sighed.
“Jerry’s tough, she’ll be fine. We’ll make sure of it.” Nate felt fiercely protective of Jerry, he always had. “She deserves better than that asshole anyway.”
“Damn straight. We’ll tell her so, just as soon as we get her back.”

~~~

They’d been riding for hours before the car turned off the road onto a rocky stretch. Jerry felt every rock and pothole that marked what felt like a steep incline. Finally, things were about to get interesting.
She’d spent the time planning how she’d react when he opened the trunk. He’d be expecting anger or fear, but she would give him neither. She knew enough about delusional disorders to understand that things could change on a dime, given the current perception of the person with the illness. She would simply change his perception of her, make him believe that she enjoyed whatever little game he was playing. It was a longshot, but it was all she had.
The car rolled to a stop, after climbing for about fifteen minutes. Jerry plastered a smile on her face, and prepared to play the part of her life.

~~~

“Guys, it sounds like the car stopped.” Rodney told them as soon as the motor died. 
“Where the hell did he take her?” Nate was as frustrated as he’d ever been. He had faith in Jerry, and knowing that she was awake, and unrestrained, gave him hope that she would be okay.”
“It’s a sure bet that they’re not still on this highway,” Dylan told him, motioning to the freeway below. “The damn thing’s practically at a standstill from rush hour traffic. How do people live like this?” 
“He’s opening the trunk, I see trees.” Rodney’s voice was hushed, as if by speaking any louder, he would put Jerry in more danger.

~~~

Jonathan opened the trunk carefully, fully prepared to knock Jerry out again, if need be. He was totally unprepared for the radiant smile, lighting her face with a beautiful glow.
“Why, Elliott, you bad, bad boy.” She laughed and held out her hand to him, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. He took it out of habit.
“Why didn’t you tell me you liked to play? I simply adore sexy games, especially kidnap and ransom.” Jerry gushed as she unfolded herself from the trunk. Sitting on the edge of the trunk opening, her legs dangling so the blood could flow freely again, she transformed her face into a pout. “Next time, you can blindfold me. It makes it more interesting.” She placed both hands on his shoulders, noting the confused expression clouding his face. “Be a doll and help me out, would you? My legs are a bit stiff.”

~~~

“You won’t believe how she’s playing it,” Rodney’s admiration was evident. “She’s pretending that it’s a game, a sex game. Looks like he’s buying it, his face is a mask of confusion.” Rodney chuckled.
Dylan sighed in relief. “She’s working his delusion. Too bad we never got the report, that would have helped her know which buttons to push.” He shot his eyes at Nate, who only shrugged.
“Don’t start with me again about that damn report. I did everything but choke it out of the Doc myself.” He focused on Rodney. “What’s happening, what else can you see?”
“He’s helping her out of the car, still looks confused. She’s talking a mile a minute, about different games they could play, and oohing and aahing over the beauty of the forest. That’s about all I can see, a bunch of trees, looks like redwoods. They’re walking, I see a drop off.”
“She’ll have to make her move soon,” Dylan hunched forward, willing Jerry strength.

~~~

“Oh, Elliott, look at the gorgeous sunset!” Jerry infused her voice with wonder. “How did you ever find such a glorious spot for our first time together?” She tugged on his arm, keeping him by her side, as they moved toward the edge. He still hadn’t spoken since opening the trunk.
“I wanted it to be perfect for you, Beth.” He covered her hand with his as she held onto him. “I know how you love sunsets.” Jonathan never felt reality slip completely away. He only knew that his beloved Beth was once again by his side.
“I do, I do, thank you, darling. You’re so very thoughtful.” Jerry rested her head on his shoulder in a loving gesture, all the while searching for anything nearby that she could use as a weapon.
“Anything for you, my love. Here, let’s sit.” He extricated his arm from hers and removed his jacket, gallantly spreading it on the forest floor. “I seem to have forgotten the blanket and picnic.” A look of confusion returned to his face.
“Oh, darling, it’s perfect, just as it is.” Jerry made herself comfortable and looked up at him adoringly. He settled beside her, half on the coat, and half on the ground. Jerry looped one arm through his, so they would both face the view. “Where are we? It’s stunning. The water is so blue, but it looks so far away.”
“We’re in Carmel, California, darling. Remember how we planned to come here together? I wanted it to be a surprise.” The memory of that non-existent conversation was as clear as day to Jonathan.
“Carmel? How wonderful. You do spoil me so.” Jerry felt around behind her for a rock.
“It’s my pleasure, darling. Your wish is my command.” Jonathan glanced down at her and saw the strained look in her eyes, just before she lowered her lashes. He was extremely sensitive to all of Beth’s moods. “What’s wrong, love?”
Cringing involuntarily at his use of Ethan’s pet name for her, Jerry shifted slightly to hide the rock beneath the jacket sleeve. “It’s nothing, darling, I’m just a bit out of sorts from the trip.” As in every muscle in my body aches, thanks to you, you bastard. She bit her lip to keep the words inside.
Jonathan looked confused again. “It was a long car ride. Would you like to stretch your legs?”
“I’m fine, thank you. Let’s just sit here together, and enjoy nature’s show. What part of Carmel did you say we’re in?”
Jonathan cut his eyes sharply at the innocent inquiry. Beth never questioned him so much before. Something was not right. “We’re on the cliffs, north of town.” He explained with a frown. “We followed the Pacific Coast Highway to get here, just as we discussed. Remember, you said you always wanted to make that drive?”
“Of course, how silly of me. Perhaps on the way back, I can ride up front with you?” Jerry couldn’t help the sarcasm that crept into her voice.
Jonathan narrowed his eyes. This woman didn’t sound like his Beth. What was happening? With a flash of insight, Jerry came into focus; he realized where he was and what he must do. The loving light shining in her eyes for him was a deception. He saw that clearly now. She had betrayed him, just like all the others. Just like his Beth.
“Certainly darling. Whatever you like.” 
The physical change was nearly nonexistent, but for the cold fury that suddenly came into his eyes. This was the killer Jerry had been waiting for; the one she knew lurked inside of this so-called Casanova. It was now or never, she may only have one chance to save herself.
Jonathan slid the switchblade from his left pocket, his eyes never leaving Jerry’s. This one would be different, messy, not a clean slice and shove like the others. It couldn’t be helped, he resigned, as he pressed the lever that released the blade from the sheath.
Jerry heard the distinct click as the knife opened. Without a second’s hesitation, she brought the rock up and struck him on the temple, as hard as she possibly could. 
Blood sprayed her face and hands, but Jonathan did not fall. Stunned, he stabbed the air around her, prompting Jerry to jump to her feet to escape his reach, but she didn’t move fast enough. Jonathan, blood streaming down his face, grabbed her ankle with his right hand, while swinging the knife wildly with his left.
Jerry brought the rock down on his head again, her force much more compelling as she stood. Her next blow landed on his shoulder in an effort to make him release the fierce grip he had on her ankle. 
Jonathan howled in pain, sending birds and other woodland creatures scattering away from the commotion. Jerry wondered at how part of her brain took in the animals’ movements, all the while she fought for her life. 
With both legs free, Jerry kicked the knife from Jonathan’s still flailing hand, before crashing the rock down, one last time, on his head. The final blow sent Jonathan slumping onto the ground, a fountain of blood, draining the life from his body.
Jerry dropped the rock, grabbed the knife, and stepped away from the body. He was dead, or soon would be, and she felt nothing but relief. Standing bent over with her hands on her knees, she caught her breath before straightening to her full height, and staring over the cliffs.
The sun was dipping just below the horizon, sending a kaleidoscope of oranges, yellows, and reds, into the sky above. Without a doubt, it was the most beautiful sight she had ever seen.
Chapter Twenty

“He’s down, she did it.” Rodney relayed the fight between Jerry and Jonathan, blow by blow, to Dylan and Nate. All three men breathed a collective sigh of relief at his last words.
“Now we just have to find her.” Nate scoured the shoreline, looking for anything that would stand out in the quickly changing light. Just then, his phone rang.
“It’s me, Boss.” Jerry sounded weary, but strong. “It’s over.”
“Are you okay?” Nate motioned to Dylan that the call was from Jerry. 
“Never better,” Jerry joked. “I found my phone in the car, he’d disabled it, but you should be able to track the GPS now. Come and get me, would you?”
“We’re on our way.”

~~~

Jerry heard the chopper land, only minutes before she saw two figures running up the hill towards her. Two flashlights swung from side to side in the growing dusk as they searched for her location. With keys she’d found in Jonathan’s pocket, she started the car to let the headlights guide them.
Dylan reached her first, grabbing her in a big bear hug, before he pushed her away for a head to toe inspection. Satisfied, he passed her off to Nate without saying a word. 
“I’m fine, really,” she assured both of them, after Nate gave her a once over of his own. “Too bad I can’t say the same for Casanova over there.” She nodded in the direction of Jonathan’s body.
“Gotta love Karma,” Dylan grinned. “She’s a bitch, but she’s fair. Bastard got exactly what he deserved.”
“Can’t argue with that,” Nate headed in the direction of the body, already punching numbers into his phone for the coroner.
“Where’s Ethan?” Jerry asked, confused that he was not with Dylan and Nate. In the darkening minutes that passed since she’d killed Jonathan, thoughts of Ethan had both warmed her, and kept her sane.
The shadow crossing Dylan’s face before he turned away gave Jerry her first inkling that something was wrong. Grabbing Dylan’s arms, she made him face her.
“Is he okay, what happened?” The emotion she’d kept neatly in place, during the ride in the trunk, and during the ordeal with Jonathan, was now beginning to spiral out of control. 
“He’s fine, he’s safe.” Dylan assured her, dreading the moments ahead more than anything he’d ever done. “He had to leave.”
Jerry searched his face for answers and didn’t like what she saw. “What do you mean, leave? Where did he go?”
“He went back to Europe.” Dylan gingerly removed the camera pin from her scarf and disabled it. “He said to say goodbye.”
Jerry noticed Dylan’s movements and heard the words he spoke, but she didn’t understand what he was saying. 
“He left, back to Europe? Today? But why?” She felt Dylan lead her back to the car and help her into the passenger seat. Her eyes followed him as he slid into the driver’s side before turning to face her.
“Are you sure you want to have this conversation, now? You’ve been through enough.”
“What do you mean, this conversation? Tell me what the hell is going on.” Her voice began to rise, the shock from the day’s events threatening to become hysterics. Dylan sighed and took her hands in his.
“I know you love him, but the truth is that he is not worthy of you.” He began, cursing himself silently when tears sprang into her eyes.
“What exactly are you saying, Dylan?”
“Your relationship wasn’t real, it was just a game to him. He was seeing at least three other women, that I know of, this past week. God knows how many he had during the entire time that he was here.” He watched as horror replace confusion on her face. This was killing him. “I’m sorry, Jerry, but he left this morning, said to tell you, and I quote, ‘It was fun.’”
“No. That’s not possible. He loves me. He would never do that.” Jerry felt her world shift. The always-present part of her that believed she was not worthy of love grew stronger in the aftermath of her denial. 
“I have proof.” Dylan said softly.
“Show me.” Jerry whispered, calmly accepting that Dylan was not lying, and that she would never be good enough.
“Are you sure?”
“Show me.” She repeated, defeat nearly breaking her in two. It was best to get it all out now, rip the bandage off completely, so the wound would begin to heal. As if that will ever happen; the little girl’s voice inside her spoke the truth.
Dylan pulled the pack of photos from his pocket and handed them over to her. “You don’t have to do this now,” he said again. She looked so fragile, so completely unlike the Jerry he knew, and loved.
“Yes, I do.” Removing the photos, her heart began to pound and sweat broke out over her brow. There was Ethan’s beautiful, lying, face, smiling into the eyes of some blond bombshell, the Golden Gate Bridge in the background. The next image was taken at night. He and an attractive brunette lounged on the sand at the water’s edge, the lights of Pier 39 shining in the distance. The third picture showed Ethan and a different blond, he must be partial to bottled color, hanging off the side of a street car, laughing.
Jerry placed the pictures back in the pouch and sat silently for a long moment.
“How is it that you have these?” She finally asked.
“I suspected that he was a scumbag from the moment I laid eyes on him. I knew that you were falling for him, so I had him followed. I never wanted this, Jerry, no matter what I thought of him. You have to believe that.”
“When were you going to tell me?” She felt dead inside, drained as surely as Jonathan’s corpse.
“As soon as I could prove it. I just got the pictures today, this morning in fact, after the scumbag left. I didn’t even get a chance to punch him.” Dylan growled, wishing he could do some serious damage to Ethan’s face right now, no matter how good his reasons were for leaving.
“He’s not worth it.” Her voice was devoid of emotion. The heat, and the fury, Dylan knew would save her had not yet surfaced. 
“He didn’t deserve you, Jer.” Dylan told her as he reached over to take her in his arms. “You deserve so much better.” He stroked her hair and felt the shudders run through her. She was too drained to cry, too hurt to speak. He knew the tears would come soon, he’d seen them in a vision. 
“Let’s get you home,” he crooned, and rocked her like a child. 
Epilogue

“Tell me she’s okay,” Ethan’s demand sounded more like a plea.
“Physically, she’s fine.” Dylan said tersely. He’d spent the better part of the night letting Jerry cry it out on his shoulder. Ethan Barnes was not his favorite person at the moment.
“And otherwise?” Ethan asked, though he already knew the answer. Leaving Jerry had created a hole in his very soul, he could only imagine how much harder it was for her, believing that he’d lied to her, and played her for a fool.
“How do you think she’s doing, Barnes? Spare me the stupid questions. Was there another reason for your call?” Dylan still had the urge to bash in Slick’s face.
“No. I just needed to know that she was safe.” Ethan’s voice dropped.
“Read the report, watch the video. It’s all there.” Dylan growled. “Go do what you left her to do.”
“I will. And I’ll be back for her, Dawes. Count on it.”
Dear Reader,

Thank you for making the books of my series, Timeless Trilogy, best sellers at Amazon U.S. and Amazon U.K.; I’m humbled by your loyalty and your kind words. 

I’m including a bonus excerpt from the next book in the SSCD series, The Littles. In it, we fast forward about two years, to when Jeri (she changes the spelling of her name, to avoid being thought a man) is in charge of her own team. Together, they hunt down the lowest of the low, a psychopath who focuses his rage on children, until a member of the team catches his eye.

 Ethan and Jeri find each other again in the third novel of the SSCD series, Bayou Butcher. Discover how Jeri and Ethan meet again, after more than two years apart. Will she forgive him? Does he deserve it?

BONUS EXCERPT: The Littles, An SSCD Crime Thriller:  

Prologue

The woman’s eyes shot daggers of pain-filled hatred into the black, soulless, eyes of her son. Naked and gagged, with arms and ankles bound behind her, the woman lay sideways on top of a cold, metal table.  
“One more strip should do it.” The man, grown weary from hours dedicated to his mother’s torture, sliced another section of skin from her exposed arm, this one near her shoulder. “We must give our furry friends incentive to feed.” 
Stepping back, he admired his handiwork. He’d been careful not to make any of the cuts too deep, he didn’t want her bleeding out. No, exsanguination would be too good for this whore. Smiling, he imagined a long, slow, death, in the same darkness in which she’d happily trapped him as a child. 
Weeks of starvation, while she became rat food, seemed a more appropriate way for the bitch to go. He would visit, from time to time, maybe even remove the gag and let her beg for life. Or death. 
“I suppose I should thank you, while your mind is still clear.” He told the moaning woman. “Without your example of maternal love, I might never have realized my true mission. It is my duty to save other Littles from she-devils like you. It will be my pleasure to punish them for a lifetime.”
As if she weighed next to nothing, he picked up the woman who gave him life, and tossed her into the basement closet that would become her coffin. 



One

“You’re a snob, pure and simple.” Jeri aimed her voice at the speaker atop her desk. “Just because a movie has less than a four-star rating, doesn’t mean that it’s bad. Some very good movies have three stars, two stars even.”
“Oh, yeah? Name three. Hell, name one.” Dylan looked across the room at his wife, Roni, casually arranging recipe cards for her next show. His heart tripped as it always did when he looked at her. God, he loved that woman.
“I’ll send you a list.” Jeri grinned and continued. “That’s really not the point. The point is your misguided snobbery. You’re basing your opinion on everyone else’s. If your preferences are dictated by mass opinion, which, by the way, usually correlates with the studio’s advertising budget, you’re potentially missing out on …”
You’re the one who’s missing the point.” Dylan interrupted, ready to hunker into a meaningful discussion on the merits of filtering and time management in regards to wasting 90 minutes on a movie that sucked. Jeri stopped him, mid thought.
“Come in,” she called in response to a sharp knock on the door. Dylan frowned as he listened to the brief exchange.
“There’s been another one in Georgia.” Dylan recognized Adam Gold, Jeri’s partner. His deep baritone was hard to miss. “They just called us in. Briefing in ten.”  
Jeri nodded solemnly as Adam’s head disappeared behind the door. “Dammit, dammit, dammit.” Jeri swore, forgetting for a moment that Dylan was on the phone. 
“What’s happening in Georgia?” Dylan’s tone changed from carefree to concerned. 
Jeri jumped slightly at the sound, then sighed. “Murder.” Her voice was thick with anger. “Particularly gruesome murders” She swallowed hard.  “Children.” Her voice nearly broke at the thoughts of those brutally killed at the hands of a monster.
Dylan lowered his own voice, reading the distress in hers. “How many? Where in Georgia?”
“Three, so far. In the mountains, northwest of Atlanta. He chooses his victims from small communities. More impact for his kills.” She began packing her desk, preparing to leave for an extended stay in Georgia. If her gut was right, and it usually was, this bastard was just getting started. 
Dylan felt an old tug, one that drew him towards danger and the satisfaction of stalk and capture. More than anything, he loved locking away the dregs of society. Well, more than almost anything. Since marrying his beguiling witch, he found it near impossible to be away from her for any length of time. 
“Go get him. Be careful.” His voice was low, but fierce.
“Always am.” Jeri snapped her briefcase closed. “I’ll be in touch.” She disconnected the phone, her mind already running over details of the first two murders. Both children were seven years old, both had been abducted in broad daylight from their homes. Both mothers were stay-at-homes and both were present, in another part of the house, when he took their only child. The method of both killings was also the same, Jeri made a conscious decision to skip those details. She and her team would dissect every bit of gory minutia as they worked to discover the unsub’s identity. “Unknown subject, my ass.” She muttered on her way to the conference room. “This one’s a coward. It takes a big man to prey on little children.” Her sarcasm was not lost as Adam joined her. 
“Add sadist with mommy issues to that list.” He held open the door, letting Jeri go in first. No matter how outdated the concept, chivalry was as much a part of his character as was his easy charm, and dedication to the job. With his movie star good looks and family connections, he could have had a career in politics, was groomed for it, in fact, but he chose to serve as a federal agent. Much to the disappointment of Adam Gold, Sr.
Jackson and Cara, partners and fellow field team members, were already seated, studying split screen images of the three victims on the wall monitor. 
Jeri cringed and held back the bile that automatically rose to her throat. Some things you never got used to. “Another little girl.” she commented. “I wonder if he’s decided on a preference.” 
“Possibly, but it could just be that she met the rest of his needs. Only child, aged seven, work-at-home mom, rural town.” Cara touched the fingertips of one hand with the index finger of the other as she reeled off the characteristics. 
“What are the differences?” Jeri asked as she took her seat. 
“The biggest change is the time between the abductions, and the kills. The first two abductions were spaced over two months. He held Jeffrey for three days, and Angela for two, before killing them.” Jackson switched the screen to a timeline. “He took Lucy Carson yesterday, just two weeks from his last kill. And he only kept her for one day.” 
“That had to be a blessing,” Adam murmured as he scrolled through the images on his tablet. “Did he call the family this time?”
“Only once, last night.” Jackson read from his notes. “The transcript is the same as the others. Initially, the child is crying, screaming for mommy. He lets that go on for up to ten seconds before he outlines, in gory detail, just what he plans to do to their child. Meanwhile, the child is still screaming, and begging for Mommy, in the background. Each phone call lasts about a minute, plenty of time to track it.”
“But that would be too easy.” Jeri nodded for Jackson to continue. 
“Damn right, and this bastard’s anything but easy. The burner phones trace back to grocery stores in the area. We’re working on video footage, but that’s tricky. The problem is that there’s little, to no, digital imprint in the backwoods of Georgia. None of the stores where the phones were purchased have cameras. If the phone numbers were not tied to product codes, we’d have no idea where he made the purchases.”
“What about tracking the phone?” Adam asked.
“Sure, but it’s no good. He calls on the edge of cell tower range, about a hundred miles from the town where he takes the victims. After each call, he disables the phone until he needs it again. He ditches the phone after each kill, always in a very visible spot.”
“He’s arrogant. He thinks he’s smarter than law enforcement and he’s taunting them. Taunting us.” Jeri tapped her finger on the table, absently. “Are the children recorded, or live, on the calls?”
“Not sure,” Cara made a note. “Jimmy should have the originals by now, I’ll ask.”
“If it’s recorded, tell him to isolate any background noise. Maybe we’ll get a clue where he’s taking them.” Jeri’s eyes narrowed. “It has to be isolated, but that’s not difficult in this terrain. Where was Lucy taken?” She ran her fingers lightly over the little girl’s name. Lucy Carson, a blond haired, blue eyed beauty with dimples and a thousand watt smile. The image on Jeri’s tablet looked nothing like the image on the wall screen.
“Coker, near the North Carolina border. He dropped the phone at a ranger station in the National Forest, just over the North Carolina line.” Cara changed the wall screen to an area map of western Georgia. “The ranger came off patrol and found the phone on his desk, smeared with blood.”
“Just like the other two.” Adam commented. “Is that why they finally called us in? He crossed state lines?”
“No. The governor’s office reached out before the phone was located. They know they’re in over their heads.”
“Show the hometowns on the map.” Jeri asked. Instantly, three red dots appeared. “Now, add in the locations where the bodies were found.” Three blue dots appeared, each within the area created by the first three dots. 
“Connect the dots.” Adam stood, moving to the screen for a closer look. “That’s almost perfect.” Two isosceles triangles lit the screen, one intersecting the other.
“Mark the locations where the phones were found.” Jeri instructed. A third perfect triangle appeared, intersecting the first two.
 “He dumped the phones in locations dead center of the distance between the abduction sites.” Adam mused. “He’s made a star.”
“Or, he’s making a star. This pattern could overlap and increase exponentially.” Jeri tossed her tablet on the table. “It could also be a complete coincidence, but I doubt it. The pattern means something to him. Or he’s sending a message. What’s the relation between the time of death and the phone calls?”
“The one, and only, call to Lucy’s parents came nine hours after the abduction, same as the first two. Jeffrey’s parents also received two more calls. One 27 hours after the abduction, and the last, 45 hours after the abduction. He called Angela’s parents only once more, 36 hours after the abduction.” Cara scrolled between pages on her tablet, reciting the information as she found it.
“The numbers form a pattern, just like the kill zone. There has to be something to it.” Jeri began to pace. “Cara, ask Jimmy to run the data for mathematical significance, as well as for similarities to other crimes. Don’t stop with regional, go national. This guy is too precise for these to be his first victims.”
“On it.” Cara began typing a message. 
“If the son of a bitch is leaving us a pattern, let’s follow it,” Jeri continued. “He started in Dixon, with Jeffrey, took Angela from Eula, and then moved on to Coker. He left the bodies’ halfway between each child’s hometown and his next target area.”
“Each body was posed for maximum effect in a central location. He left Jeffrey on a bench outside of a movie theatre. Clientele, mostly teenagers, left the late showing and found him.” Adam saw Jeri cringe at his words, even though she knew the details as well as he did. It amazed him that such a sensitive soul would chose a career dealing with the worst of humanity. But she was also tough as nails, he reminded himself. The FBI is lucky to have her. 
“And Angela?” Jackson asked. He and Cara had not been following the cases as closely as Jeri and Adam.
“Angela was left on the steps of the county library that serves both Eula and Coker.” Jeri told them.
“And Lucy was on top of a picnic table, in a park popular for after-school activities.” Adam read from the report. “He likes an audience.”
“Look at the topography of his kill zone.” Jeri interrupted. “There’s nothing larger than two lane roads connecting the towns, and most of the terrain is mountainous. No way could he move quickly from one place to the other.”
“There’re a lot of hiking trails and back roads in those mountains. Locals would know the best way to maneuver.” Jackson added.
“He could be local, or recently local.” Jeri was pensive. “I’ve no doubt that he’s done this before. We just have to make the connections.” She glanced over at Adam. “Is Lucy’s cause of death consistent with Jeffrey and Angela? What about her time of death?”
“COD is the same for all three victims. Multiple, excessive stab wounds resulting in exsanguination. He tortures them with shallow incisions for hours before he kills them, removing their eyes, digits and most of their hair. He removes hair from their scalp with what seems to be a dull razor. Multiple abrasions and extensive bruising indicate prolonged beatings. When he’s through toying with them, he stabs them in, or near, every major organ.” Adam took a breath. “There’s no sign of sexual activity on any of the victims. No word yet on Lucy’s TOD from the Medical Examiner. The other ME reports state that Jeremy died less than an hour before he was found, and Angela died approximately two hours before she was found.”
“So he’s not a pedophile, at least not overtly. He’s getting off on the pain he’s inflicting on the children, their parents, and the community.” Jeri moved from the window to the table and back again. “A true thrill killer.” 
The phone on the center of the table beeped. “The plane’s ready, Ms. Forbes.” The woman’s crisp delivery broke into the room. 
“Thanks, Janet. Alright everyone, let’s move.” Jeri stuffed her tablet into her briefcase, grabbed her jacket and led the way. 

The Littles is available from your favorite ebook retailer.


If you enjoyed the story, please leave a review, no matter how brief. Thank you. For excerpts of my other works and for details of upcoming novels and purchase links visit my website, http://www.TallulahGrace.com. Take a look at the Flashy Shorts page to read short stories and flash fiction created just for my fans.

Visit this page to subscribe to my newsletter and be the first to learn of new releases, contests and giveaways.

	Titles by Tallulah Grace

Romantic Suspense with a Paranormal Twist

Timeless Trilogy, Book One, Fate

Is precognition a prescription for happiness or disaster? 

The good things in life are coming together for Kristina Collins. She’s found her ideal home, her career is on track for mega success and the man of her dreams has finally come back into her life. 

In Fate, the first installment of the Timeless Trilogy, Kris Collins discovers the benefits and risks of having precognitive visions while being stalked by a serial killer. Her friends can’t help her, the FBI can’t save her; she must save herself. 

The Timeless Trilogy heroines, Kristina, Veronica and Cassandra, each deal with paranormal abilities as they discover and rediscover eternal love.

Timeless Trilogy, Book Two, Spellbound

Veronica Myers is an herbalist with a potent talent that takes her by surprise. Follow Roni’s perilous journey as she discovers her authentic self in spite of forces that seek to steal her power and manipulate her destiny. Along the way, true love offers protection if she can only recognize and accept its magic.

 

Timeless Trilogy, Book Three, Destiny

Cassandra Locke’s dreams have the clarity of remembrances, the pain of love lost and the essence of future connections. Who is the man that haunts her, nearly every night? Could they truly have been lovers throughout centuries past? Where is he now? Will they have another chance? 

Cliffs of Starsdale
Stories of Starsdale, Book One

Seeking a fresh start after her mother’s death, Chelsea Bates lands in the picturesque town of Starsdale, California. Nestled amid the peaks of the High Sierras, Starsdale defines the term ‘small town’ with its mish mash of well-meaning residents who always seem to know everyone else’s business.
The one thing no one knew, could not have predicted, was the evil lurking beneath the surface of Chelsea’s ex-fiancé. Preston Beecher follows her to Starsdale with the intentions of taking everything she owns, including her life. Will Preston destroy her dreams before they begin, or will bonds forged in a small mountain town be the pathway to her future?
Chelsea’s attempts to put the past behind her leads to a new partnership with one of Starsdale’s most respected citizens, John Mills, a man who harbors secrets and an agenda of his own. With the help of John and his talented son, Mac, Chelsea turns a dilapidated building into a bed and breakfast showcase. 
Join Chelsea as she learns the ways of a small town in this, the first book in the Stories of Starsdale Series. 

Precipice
Stories of Starsdale, Book Two

Standing on the edge of insanity, one man’s quest for vengeance threatens the love and lives of a couple torn apart by secrets. 

In Precipice, Book Two of the Stories of Starsdale, Sharon and JB deal with old heartaches and fresh guilt as they find their way back to each other. Neither one realizes that the biggest danger they must face hides beneath the masque of friendship.

Cascade
Stories of Starsdale, Book Three

Jade Kingsley had run out of options. Surviving a disastrous marriage, and subsequent divorce, her life had dwindled to not much more than a shadow existence within the four walls of her tiny apartment. When her friends, Robert and Dana, invite her to move to Starsdale, she packs up and takes a chance on a new life.

Nothing could have prepared her for the spellbinding attraction she feels for Justin Devereaux, a friend of Robert’s with plans to develop Starsdale. Jade and Justin discover that, sometimes, love is a free-fall; the only choice you have is to go along for the ride.

Romance is not the only thing in store for Justin and Jade. Will an ordinary business trip turn deadly, ending their chance for happiness?  Lives balance precariously as Mother Nature unleashes an unexpected storm, threatening to change relationships in Starsdale forever.


Psychological Thrillers

Casanova Killer
An SSCD Crime Thriller


Catching the eye of a delusional serial killer known as the Casanova Killer signals the end for certain beautiful young women of San Francisco. True to his name, Casanova offers the women a taste of romance and unparalleled adoration before sending them to a bloody death.

The FBI Special Serial Crimes Division, SSCD, sets a trap for the killer with one of their own as bait. Agent Jerry Forbes pairs with Interpol’s Ethan Barnes to capture Casanova before another woman falls prey to his charms. 

Jerry and Ethan soon discover that pretending to be lovers may be more dangerous than catching a killer. Follow their story from the moment they set up house to the abrupt end that Jerry does not see coming.

Is it love or certain death? 

The Littles
An SSCD Crime Thriller


The mountains of rural Georgia will never be the same after a series of vicious murders rock the area to its core. Not only does the killer target children, his gruesome murders are designed to inflict the ultimate agony upon their parents and to instill extreme terror within the small communities.

An SSCD team, part of the FBI’s Special Serial Crimes Division, accepts the case and the conditional Governor’s liaison, a prosecutor with more baggage than anyone realizes. Travel with them over the hills of the mystical Blue Ridge Mountains as they hunt the psychopath stalking the innocent. Can they capture him before he strikes again? Will he turn the tables and ensnare one of their own in his devious trap?

This psychological thriller delves into the mind of a deranged serial killer as it follows the twists and turns of an SSCD manhunt. Action packed and filled with suspense, The Littles takes readers on a thrill ride they will not soon forget.

     


Bayou Butcher
An SSCD Crime Thriller

Haunting memories of an imperfect childhood shadow Agent Jeri Forbes, a unit leader in the FBI’s prestigious Special Serial Crimes Division, as she stalks the man responsible for slaughtering families along a sleepy Louisiana bayou. Jeri soon learns that the man her team hunts is the puppet of a much more insidious serial killer intent on a personal quest to destroy Jeri’s life and that of her lost love, Ethan Barnes.
Follow this fast-paced thriller through the swamps of the Louisiana low-country as Jeri and her team match wits against a brilliant master of destruction and his all-too-willing protégé.



Anson
An SSCD Crime Thriller


The twisted reign of a deranged serial killer threatens the low-country of South Carolina. Amid sweet magnolias, giant live oaks and ocean breezes, he stalks the heart of a close-knit family circle, seeking vengeance for his dead brother. 
FBI agent Jeri Forbes and Interpol’s Ethan Barnes are all too familiar with the madman’s mission of terror. Together, they tracked him through the bayous of Louisiana, barely escaping with their lives.
As Anson brings the game to Charleston, Jeri and Ethan team up with old friends in an effort to catch the killer. Old friends become new targets for Anson’s revenge; no one is safe from retribution.



NOVELLA:


Trapped in Spaulding Manor
A Haunting Tale of Love Never Lost

Elizabeth and Mortimer Spaulding never imagined spending such a short time in their dream home, Spaulding Manor. More than a century after losing her beloved husband, Elizabeth still searches for Mortie through the stately hallways of the antique Victorian. 

Delia Foster loves the old mansion, but has no inclination towards the level of commitment the house demands. She also knows that it will take a special person to embrace the home’s peculiarities, including the very vocal ghost of the original owner.  Devlin Foxe has little tolerance for ghost stories, even if the storyteller makes his blood run hot. 

One fateful night in Spaulding Manor gives Devlin cause to reevaluate his beliefs and Delia reason to rethink her solitary life.

