CHANCE ENCOUNTERS:
A SHORT STORY

Written by 
Kole Black


Copyright © 2012
( Book Club 2.0 Edition )

Published by 
Spaulden Publishing, 
70044 Main Street, suite 300
Woodbury, Connecticut, 06798

CHAPTER 1 – The Start –

Chance dashed down the last flight of stairs in the hotel with intense fear. The front of his clothes was covered with blood. He began noticing that he left crimson handprints smeared all along the wall and banister behind him. As he reached the bottom of the dimly lit stairwell, he quickly headed toward the back entrance and scrambled out of the huge rusty steel door marked emergency exit. Chance could hardly catch his breath; so he stopped a moment and kneeled forward with sweat pouring from his face. He struggled to figure out what to do, where to go, who to call and how he got caught up in such a helluva’ mess! As the sound of approaching sirens grew closer, Chance dipped back to the car and pulled out of the dark parking garage. In complete shock Chance sped down a dark back alley, disappearing completely into the night.   
  
Chance is a funny word, and sometimes it’s even a little scary. It can bring opportunity, adventure and even an element of mystery. Ladybird used to tell me, “Rayqelle. What you don’t know, can hurt you worse than what you think you know.” Ladybird was my mama. Her real name was Brenda Dean but everybody called her Ladybird. She was an alcoholic and often spoke in riddles. I didn’t know what she meant at the time but as it turned out, she was right. Ladybird was right about a lot of things. Which was kind of funny since Ladybird also used to tell me that I would never end up being nothin’ but a lil’ ho’ or drug addict. Those are terrible things to say to a little girl but that’s how she was.  I didn’t even know what a ho’ was (but I learned.)
I was born on the southside of Chicago to Brenda “Ladybird” Dean and John Mitchell. He died when I was five years old. About a year later Ladybird married Jimmy Davis; a police officer who lived in Justice, Illinois. That’s about twenty minutes from the southside. She got pregnant with Lynn about a year later. I’m the oldest, well me and my twin brother Johnny; however, he was killed by a hit and run driver when we were on our way home from school in the sixth grade. Ladybird never really got over it. She just tried to numb the pain with pills and alcohol. Officer Davis said, “The day lil’ Johnny died, Ladybird went with him; they just didn’t bury her.” Even though she still had me, Letah and Lynn, she had pretty much given up on life. 
I spent most of my teenage years breakin’ just about every law I could think of; which was kinda’ funny seeing as how my stepfather was a cop. I wanted to be good, but once I saw how being bad got me so much more attention; there was no turning back! 
I was always doin’ things that I knew I had no business doin’. I was always takin’ chances that most girls would never take. Guess I was hopin’ that one day maybe my stepfather might see how desperate I was for his attention; though Officer Davis wasn’t our real father, he was all we had. It became clear that he really didn’t have much interest in us. He worked really hard for the police department. He wasn’t home much and Officer Davis believed that a woman’s place was in the home. Ladybird stayed at home to take care of us, but after my brother died she started drinking a lot and was always in her own world. Ladybird pretty much left me and Letah to take care of the house. This also included takin’ care of my little sister Lynn who was born with congenital heart disease and stayed sick a lot.
Most of the time when my stepfather would come home from work after a 12 or 14-hour shift, he would find Ladybird passed out in the living room holdin’ an empty bottle of vodka. Davis would just walk past her shakin’ his head, but they never once argued. To be honest after Lynn was born they barely spoke to each other. Really, Davis didn’t say much to any of us at all. He slept upstairs in the attic, we slept on the second floor, and Ladybird would sleep on the couch downstairs in the living room. She drank constantly to escape her demons. Ladybird said that it gave her comfort; well, it might have given her comfort but it made the rest of our lives a livin’ hell! When she drank it made her really mean! 
When Ladybird was younger she use to sing and she even put out a record. My grandma said that she just about came out the womb singing and that’s how she got the name Ladybird. Eventually she gave up singing and got pregnant with me and my twin brother; which made her really bitter and she always managed to take her frustration out on me.  
Ladybird never hugged me or showed me any kind of real affection. When nobody was around, she would slap me and tell me how much she hated me and how I ruined her life! She’d always say I was ugly and I looked just like my black ass daddy. 

Ladybird did a lot of crazy shit! Over and over she’d say I killed her baby (my twin brother). She felt it was my fault he got ran over by a car and that it shoulda’ been me that died instead of him! Years later as I started getting older, she used to tell me that I would never be anything but a ho’ because I would only play with boys. I didn’t get along with bitches, or maybe she use to say that because she saw so much of her in me. That was the way she really felt about herself.
 
Ladybird did a lot of crazy shit! Over and over she’d say I killed her baby (my twin brother). She felt it was my fault he got ran over by a car and that it shoulda’ been me that died instead of him! Years later as I started getting older, she used to tell me that I would never be anything but a ho’ because I would only play with boys. I didn’t get along with bitches, or maybe she use to say that because she saw so much of her in me. That was the way she really felt about herself.
Ladybird had gained a reputation when she was young for being the neighborhood ho’ and she got pregnant at a very young age. My grandmother used to say that Ladybird’s guilt would kill her one-day if she didn’t learn to forgive herself for mistakes she made in the past.

As I got older rumors started that I was fuckin’ this, and that nigga. It was mostly all lies. I mean, don’t get it twisted! I did whatever I wanted to do with whoever I wanted to do it with, but I wasn’t doin’ half the shit people said I was. Most of the guys I kicked it wit’ really were just friends. I never really had any female friends ‘til I got to college, and even then the girls I hung wit’ were more like partners in crime than anything else. I saw other women as the enemy. Maybe these feelings came from the fucked up relationship that I had wit’ Ladybird. Shit, I just figured that if I couldn’t trust my own mama I couldn’t trust no bitch!
It seemed like the older I got, the worse my relationship became wit’ Ladybird; she was always on my back about one thing or another. She was always accusing me of something and putting me down. So I learned to stay away as much as possible. I never understood why she hated me so much. Everybody always use to say how much I looked like her, maybe that’s why she had so much hate towards me. When she looked at me she saw her face and her mistakes. 
Later on after one of her many nervous breakdowns, she was finally diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia… This was a mental illness that caused her to have hallucinations, and made her think people were plottin’ against her; meaning me for some reason. Which explained why she would accuse me of killing my brother.  Ladybird had even accused me of having an affair with Davis! Apparently he had stopped wanting to have sex with her, and as with everything else I had to take the blame. 
I remember sitting in my room at night cryin’ and prayin’ to God that he would give me the magic cure to make Ladybird better. I wanted her to be able to love me; it never happened. Ladybird hung herself from a wood beam in my bedroom the day before my fourteenth birthday.  Not only did she kill herself, but she did it in my room. She wanted to make sure that I would be the one who found her. I guess this was my final punishment for being born. This was her final gift to me. I had nightmares for months after that! I never went back in that room.
Shortly thereafter I started runnin’ off to my grandmother’s house on the southside; just to get some peace. I considered this my place of escape. My stepfather eventually just let me stay with her. I guess he knew how much it hurt being in that house or maybe he was just happy that I was out of his hair and he really didn’t have to deal with me much anymore. After all he wasn’t my real father anyway, that’s just how it always seemed. It was always so quiet at grandma’s house, so we thought she hated noise. Nobody really wanted to be over there but me. 
I didn’t realize ‘til I got grown that she didn’t hate noise, she just loved peace. How was wise she was. At an early age I learned to appreciate peace and the beauty of quiet. See, Ladybird always kept up so much drama I never really knew what peace was… My grandma lived in a place that was very different than where we lived. Davis called it “the no good hood”. But I loved it, because everything seemed so alive, loud, and in yo’ face! 
As soon as I got to the southside it was like all my senses started to heighten. The sights, the sounds, and even the air overwhelmed me. Every little thing excited me! It sort of helped me to escape the grief I felt over Ladybird’s death.  

My grandma lived right down the street from the Southside Shrimp Shack. You could actually smell the shrimp and chicken cooking from her front porch. As soon as you crossed Western Avenue you could just feel the mood of the streets. You’d see the hustlas hustlin’, the pimps pimpin’ and the ho’s hoin’. Sometimes you could actually even taste the filth as you walked through the streets. It was thick and real. 
There was even a smell that grew stronger as you walked the streets. The people were so interesting and everything was different from what I was used to. It was so alive! I got cool wit’ a few people around the hood (boys of course). They gave me my first true taste of hood life. Another reason I liked staying at my grandmother’s was because she was really too old and too tired to keep up with me, so I kinda’ did whatever I wanted. While she was busy cookin’, cleanin’, and runnin’ back and forth to church prayer meetings I was hangin’ in the streets and acting grown. I’d smoke weed, drink liquor and talk shit wit’ the niggas on the block. As long as I was back in the house by the time the streetlights came on, she didn’t really trip. Even when she did make me come in, I would just wait until she went to bed and sneak back out through the window in my room. Then it was really on!
Davis was cool with me staying at my grandma’s because he always knew where I was and what I was doing; so he thought. What’s funny is that he was supposed to be this great police detective, but half the time he never even knew what was going on with his own family. Or maybe he did and just didn’t care. A lot of things happened with me right under his nose; he was just too busy to see it. 
 
My stepfather’s emotional neglect eventually caused me to start actin’ out. Ladybird was dead and I was starvin’ for attention, but he was always so distant. This led me to seek any kind of affection I could get, usually from boys and I even got involved with sex at an early age. This was my way of satisfyin’ my need for love.  I never quite understood why, but oh well…. I mean; I wasn’t gettin’ it at home so I had to get it from somewhere. Therefore I started to mistake sexual attention for love, only to be let down and disappointed. Then suddenly one day it all made sense!
 I had discovered the power that sex gave me. Sex  made the men love me and wanna take care of me, and the women hated me! Ha ha ha! Sex gave me a real since of control that I had never felt before. I had been going about life all-wrong! I started to see that I could have my way with any man. So I started playin niggas and messin’ wit’ their heads. Sometimes I did it for money or material things and at other times I would just do it out of spite. I just wanted to break a muthafucka’s heart the same way mine had been broken. I used to call it gamin’. 
It was easy for me because I had become so good at burying my feelings and doin’ whatever I needed to do to get what I wanted. Nothing mattered to me. Whoever got hurt just got hurt. All that I cared about was me and how I felt! I didn’t give a fuck! Even though I called it gamin’, deep down inside I was still lookin’ for love. To be honest I wasn’t sure that I even knew what love was. How strange is it was to be lookin’ for somethin’ and runnin’ from it all at the same time? I was so confused, young, and doin’ way too much! Usually my desire to be loved only led me to greater heartache! 
CHAPTER 2

No matter how much dirt I did, Officer Davis always seemed to think I was this sweet, innocent little girl but never quite good enough to be a daddy’s girl. I had so many secrets! Like the time I got pregnant when I was sixteen, and he never knew it! I can’t blame him. Shit… he didn’t even know when I got my first period. As far as me being pregnant… I didn’t even know. I just remember being really sick every morning for like a month. Then one day I fainted and fell down the stairs at Grandma’s. The next day I started having bad cramps and passin’ these huge blood clots. Unaware at the time, I was having a miscarriage. 
You see, while I was livin’ with my grandmother I met this really cute guy named Monty that lived up the street. Monty was tall, light skinned, slim with a chiseled physique. He had light brown eyes and a big ass tattoo on his chest that said “MAKE MONEY.” That was the name of the crew he ran wit’. He was fine as hell! I mean when this boy walked by, the girls all paused. Monty was seventeen, had his own car (a BMW745) and mad paper to go along with it! And he could dress his ass off. He must have had every Nike jogging suit known to man. Plus, he had every pair of Jordans to match. Monty and his brother Melvin sold dope. All the lil’ ho’s around the hood wanted him but he wanted me; at least for the moment anyway.
Monty’s brother was one of the biggest dope boys on the southside. The fucked up thing was that Monty’s mother was a crack head and everybody knew it! That’s why they kept her in the house most of the time. They wanted to keep her out of trouble and stop her from embarrassing them. After all, how much respect would they get from the hood if their mother was runnin’ up and down the street givin’ niggas head for a nickel bump… So when she needed a fix, they fixed her. Man, she was strung out so bad too; if it wasn’t for Monty and Melvin she woulda’ been out here geekin’ just like all the rest of the fiends. At first I thought it was real fucked up that they would feed their own mother that poison, but Monty explained it to me one day he said: “I know she’s sick and I just didn’t want anybody taking advantage of her.” 
Monty was very guarded about his home life. He only invited me into his house one time and that was because I had to pee really, really bad! It was a real shit hole! I mean this place shoulda’ been condemned a long time ago! The paint on the outside of the house was pealing and the wooden steps leading to the front door were rotten and had some planks missing. When you walked in it was dark. Monty’s mother kept the windows covered by heavy drapes. 
She had been inside so long that she couldn’t stand the sunlight. The air had the terrible stench of crack smoke, garbage residue, and funky body odor. Monty’s mother hadn’t bathed in weeks and the spoiled garbage in the kitchen probably hadn’t been taken out since the last time Monty’s mama washed her ass! This place was so infested with roaches that you could actually smell ‘em. It was a very peculiar odor, one that you would only know if you had lived in a place like it before. It was cold, dark and dirty. 
 I tried my best not to touch anything as I walked down the dark hallway that led from the entrance past the living room. When I finally made it to the bathroom, I just about threw up in my mouth! A mass of roaches scattered everywhere when I flicked on the light! It smelled like piss and mildew from the sour washrags that had been left lying in the window seal. Those rags had to have been lying by the tub for days. There was even a dead mouse lying right beside the sink. Needless to say, I soon forgot about how badly I had to pee. 
I couldn’t believe how they were living! I was so heated, and disappointed in Monty. Don’t get me wrong, I wasn’t mad at him for being poor; that’s something you can’t always help. I wasn’t even mad at him for having mice and roaches. My grandma had ‘em, but I knew the difference between that and this filthy shit! Monty and his brother shoulda’ been ashamed of themselves! Both of them walked around with brand new clothes and shoes on every day, but had the nastiest house I had ever seen before in my life! I was so disgusted and I knew I wasn’t about to sit my ass down in that nasty bathroom. So I took a piece of toilet paper and politely pulled the handle on the toilet to make it flush just in case anybody was listening. Then I quickly got the fuck outta’ there and tried to make my way through the foul dankness of the living room. Monty’s mama and some dirty ass nigga were sitting on the couch looking like the living-dead, staring blankly at the snowy television screen. 

When I made it back to the car I didn’t say one word to Monty. I was sick to my stomach. He knew I was pissed and he was embarrassed. That’s when he started telling me that he was saving up money to send his mama to a private treatment clinic in Indiana. It was supposed to be the best in the country. He continued saying it was gonna cost about $50,000 and that’s the real reason he was out here hustlin’ so hard. I could see that it broke his heart, so I never mentioned it again. Monty loved his mama. No matter what she was, or where he was; if she paged him, he would drop whatever he was doin’ and go runnin’. She was an addict and there was no tellin’ what might be goin’ on. Little did he know that my mama had been an addict too. We had more in common than he realized.
Being with Monty was like being with a superstar. Everywhere we went it was like everybody was watchin’ us. All the dope boys used to meet on Saturday nights at Giordano’s Pizza Place on the southside near the plaza. I was a little shy at first… When we would be around all those rough ass niggas, Monty would say “Hold yo’ head up. You my bitch!” I did just that. I know it probably won’t make much sense, but it made me feel sorta’ special that somebody was finally payin’ me some real attention. You might even say that I was kinda’ honored to be called his bitch! Truthfully, someone wanting me and making me their own made me feel good. That’s how low my self-esteem was. This relationship would set the tone for just about every other relationship I’d ever have.

Monty used to take me everywhere and buy me all kinds of stuff. The gamin’ was easy. I mean, most of the time I didn’t even have to ask I just received. Whatever he thought I wanted I got! You name it: Coach, Polo, Hilfiger, Nautica, and Nike. Whatever I wanted, I had it... He didn’t even know that it wasn’t about that for me. I was nothin’ like those other bitches he fucked wit’. I guess he thought he had to buy me but I had another purpose. What he never knew was that I was so desperate to be loved that I probably woulda’ paid him to spend time wit’ me. I didn’t want anything from him nor did I need it. All I wanted was his attention and the attention I got from being with him. I mean, my family wasn’t rich but I pretty much had anything I wanted and did whatever I wanted to do. 
Well, after a while I got used to the material things that came along wit’ bein’ Monty’s girl. Now I was in love, but not with Monty... I was just in love wit’ the thrill of being wit’ a hustla’. I loved bein’ wit’ the nigga that everybody wanted and hated all at the same time. In fact, being with him put me around some of the most serious hustlas’ on the southside. He even gave me my first lesson in the dope game. I mean, sometimes I was right there watchin him cook it, cut it, and serve it up. Nobody ever suspected that I was the stepdaughter of a decorated police officer. Had they figured that out I probably wouldn’t be here today.

My family never thought to ask who I was hangin’ wit’ when I was at my grandma’s. I’m sure they figured I had a little boyfriend at school or something. Nobody woulda’ thought that he was this hustle hard nigga from the southside wit’ a mouth fulla’ gold teeth, and who carried a nine millimeter in his waistband. After all, what would somebody like me be doin’ wit’ a nigga like Monty; a dangerous criminal from the hood, and the danger excited me! I was out of control and lovin’ it! I knew everything would be fine as long as I kept the hood girl separate from the good girl, which didn’t seem to be a problem.
Monty thought the reason my daddy was never around was ‘cuz he was a truck driver and on the road all the time. I think that shit gave me some kinda’ rush. I felt like a double agent! I mean, I was a “hot girl” when I was out in the streets with Monty and this “good girl” at home with my step daddy (when he was there). My sisters didn’t even know what I was up to. Nobody did! I kept my grades up in school and pretty much did what was expected of me at home. The whole thing was tripped out! Crazy thing about all of this is I wasn’t even from the streets. I discovered the streets as a means of temporary escape from the shit I was goin’ through with my family. Everybody was so wrapped up in being worried about Ladybird and my baby sister Letah that they never even noticed how I was changin’.

When I got with Monty I started dressin’, actin’, and talkin’ different. Being around Monty and his brother opened a whole ‘nother world for me. A world I never knew existed! Shit, I couldn’t help but change. I saw alotta’ ill shit first hand, like how muthafuckas’ would do anything fa’ money and how dope controlled people. Niggas was robbin’, stealin’ and killin’. The bitches be trickin’ and sellin’ them food stamps while their kids sat at home hungry. Whole neighborhoods full of muthafuckas walkin’ around like zombies; chasin’ crack cocaine and heroin. Sometimes it turned my stomach and at other times it turned me on. Monty and his brother used to say, “The hand that cooks the rock, is the hand that rules the world.” They were right. But Monty and his brother were not only involved in the dope game, they were major stick up kids too. They would rob anybody for anything. It didn’t matter if you were an old lady pushin’ a grocery cart or a young nigga pushin’ a Benz. If you had it and they wanted it, they were gettin’ it. They could be ruthless as hell! I once watched Monty shoot a nigga in the knee for bein’ short $20 on some shit he fronted him. Whatever Monty wanted he got.
As always, Monty got what he wanted and eventually he got tired of me. He went and got himself a new bitch. Let’s keep it real. That was for the best, because about a month later him and his brother Melvin got shot to death by some niggas from Detroit that they were tryin’ to rob. The bitch he dumped me for was killed by a stray bullet in the crossfire. I guess Monty did me a favor. That coulda’ been my brains on the concrete. He never even knew that we almost had a baby together.
I was doin’ anything not to have to be at home. Since I wasn’t kickin’ it wit’ Monty no more I started spendin’ a lot of my extra time at the library studyin’ and readin’. I guess that’s one thing that probably saved me too. The strange thing was, no matter how bad things got at home I always managed to keep my grades up. I remember Davis tellin’ us if we got a good education we could be anything we wanted to be and go anywhere we wanted to go. All I wanted was to get away from the memory of Ladybird. 
So somewhere between the streets and my books, I found my peace. After Ladybird died Davis did his best to make sure that me, Letah and Lynn all went on to finish high school and college. That was what he wanted. He wanted us to go as far as our minds could take us. So I eventually made it through high school. I was so happy and excited about the future; thinking that somehow, maybe my mama could see me and was finally proud of her little girl. No matter how far you go in life there are some things that never stop following you. 

CHAPTER 3

I met Chance about three years ago. It was my first year in grad school; student studying psychology at Illinois State. I always wanted to help people and understand why they did the things that they did. Lynn used to say I thought I was born to save the world and maybe she was right. Maybe I felt that since I couldn’t save Ladybird I had to help as many people like her as I could.
But anyway… Chance was an art major, in his senior year. He had to be one of the finest guys on the whole campus. He was about 6’1, 185 pounds, with smooth chocolate skin like a Hershey Bar, a slick baldhead like a milk dud, beautiful luscious kissable lips, and a body that made you wanna slap somebody! He looked so good that I just wanted to bite him!
Chance was incredible; the boy spoke like four different languages (Spanish, French and two dialects of Chinese). Damn… I mean… How many black people do you know who speak Chinese? Shit… Most of the niggas I met could barely speak correct English like they were supposed to, and on top of being well educated, Chance had to be the sweetest guy I had ever met. He would make candlelit dinners and take me on moonlight picnics. Chance knew just how to melt a ladies heart. He gave me flowers and candy, he even sang to me or at least he tried to (he couldn’t carry a tune in a bucket), but he loved me from his heart. He was every woman’s dream, at least mine anyway. He was so quiet, and strong; pretty much everything I never thought I’d have. Chance wasn’t from the hood, but he thrilled me in ways the hood never could…
From the day we met Chance and I were closer than close, even more than inseparable. We were soul mates. Chance owned a beautiful home outside Chicago in Lincoln Park; where he eventually asked me to come and live. I knew I had found the missing piece to my puzzle, my best friend, the breath of fresh air that I had been waiting for my whole life and nobody was gonna take that away! Please don’t get me wrong. Chance wasn’t perfect, just perfect for me. He had his own share of issues just like any other man, but I felt really lucky to have him in my life. Where I came from a nigga either sold dope, stole cars or had some other kind of dumb ass hair brained hustle that would eventually land him in jail or in his grave. The typical thug ass gym shoe hustler, stayin’ caught up in all types of stupid ass drama (with the police, other niggas, with their baby mama’s, etc…) and takin’ you wit’ him every step of the way. Those were the types of guys I was use to fuckin’ wit’. Chance was nothing like that; he brought quiet to my life. He was like the calm at the end of a bad ass storm.
Chance came from a really good family; a very rich family! He was one of seven children, four boys and three girls. His father was a Harvard Law School grad with a very successful practice in Ohio, and he was one of the first African-American representatives on city council where they lived. Chance’s brothers and sisters were also doing very well for themselves. He had a brother and a sister who were both lawyers, another brother who was a big time real estate developer, one sister was a police officer, the other brother owned his own trucking company, and his baby sister was still in college. We came from two totally different worlds but, Chance always let me know that it didn’t matter where I came from All that mattered was where I ended up.
Chance was a very talented artist. I used to love to watch him paint. My real father was an artist; he called it his great escape. I think one of the things that drew me closer to Chance was the passion that he showed for his work. He could spend hours painting and I could spend hours just watching him. Chance was always looking for different things to do to keep me excited. Not a day went by without him doing something sweet to make me smile. I gotta admit that it took some gettin’ use to. 
I had to learn how to love and how to let somebody love me. I spent so much time running away from love, just living for myself, but never really loving myself; all that was behind now. For the first time in a long time, I was at peace; at peace with myself and at peace with being in love. Every night together was just like the first, and when Chance looked at me, I could see the love in his eyes. It was finally okay to let my guard down. I knew he loved me and it felt good! But I guess all good things are destined to find their end. 

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

One night Chance and I were out enjoying a beautiful evening at our favorite Italian restaurant, “Angelica’s” on Michigan Avenue. It was the third anniversary of our first date. It’s also where Chance proposed to me last summer. This place is very special and holds some wonderful memories for the both of us. Tonight was setting up to be just as wonderful! Out of nowhere two soft hands covered my eyes from behind. A strangely familiar perfume lightly filled the air as a soft seductive female voice spoke. 
“Rayqelle, Rayqelle. Never kiss, never tell.” The voice said.
“I’d know that perfume anywhere and that voice! Iesha? Oh my God. I can’t believe it’s you.” I said as I turned around in shock.
“Rayqelle Davis. You’d better get yo’ lil’ ass up out that seat and gimme a hug girl!”
I quickly stood up and hugged the friend I hadn’t seen in years. It was Iesha Ellis, my old college roommate and partner in crime. We hadn’t seen each other since we graduated from UCLA and left California to attend grad school back here in Chicago. Iesha went off to New York to pursue her career in fashion design.
“Girl, you look too good! How you been? I heard you moved to Miami to work with some big name designer or something. What brings you here to Chicago;” I asked as I hugged my girl again. I almost couldn’t believe my eyes. Iesha was drop dead gorgeous, petite, only about 5’1 and 135 pounds, but supa’ thick wit’ it, and everything in the right place. Her skin was the color of honey, with a flawless complexion. Her hair was a dark sandy brown with subtle hi-lights and her eyes were a deep hazel, like brand new soft suede. 
She wore a cream-colored two-piece Prada suit that fit her like a glove. Iesha’s shoes were Prada originals with a stiletto heel. This couldn’t be the same ghetto ass bitch that I went to school with! I thought, “Damn. Did this girl hit the lottery? Did she get married and kill her husband for the insurance money? What the fuck?” Anyway, whatever she was doing, she was doing it well, and she sure did come the fuck up doin’ it, She was nothin’ like I remembered.
 
“Well, I’m here on business. I will be visiting an important client,” Iesha said shifting her eyes around the dark, crowded restaurant as though she was looking for someone she knew.
“Fashion related?” I asked.
“Not exactly… More like public relations kinda’ stuff. Ya’ know,” Iesha responded in a mildly evasive tone, with her eyes still glancing about.
“How’s your family? Letah, Lynn and your step-dad… Is he still with the police force?” She asked.
 
“Everyone is fine. My dad has had some minor heart trouble but nothing too serious. He retired about two years ago and moved out to San Diego with Lynn; so she could kinda’ keep an eye on him. Letah moved to L.A. and… Oh no, how rude of me! Let me introduce you to my fiancé. Iesha Ellis, this is Evan Chance. He is the love of my life and my future husband” I said proudly.
 
“Well, well, well, Rayqelle, Rayqelle. Girl, you always did know how to pick’ em! It’s a pleasure to meet you Evan,” Iesha said with a slightly flirtatious purr.
“It’s very nice to meet you as well Miss Iesha and please, call me Chance,” he said as he smiled slightly.
“Chance is a freelance artist and a very, very talented one might I add. He’s one of the best in Chicago. Chance is working on the fine arts revitalization project for Cook County and he is also being featured at the Black Renaissance Gallery opening in two weeks,” I explained.
 
“Oh… well, well, well, handsome and talented. Girl, you do know how to pick’ em. So, when is the wedding? Have you two set a date yet?” Iesha inquired.
“Not yet, but soon.” I responded.
“November 11th. This year” Chance said. This was a complete surprise to me since we hadn’t even discussed a date.
 
“Girl, I guess y’all aint’ wastin’ no time! Aint’ that yo’ birthday? That’s so cute. Congratulations,” Iesha said, as she hugged me and then Chance.
“Just don’t wait too long. Some tramp might come along and steal him away. Girl... He is fine and you know a good man is hard to find and even harder to keep. I’m just kiddin’. Listen, I gotta get goin’. My client just walked in. But here’s my number at the hotel where I’m stayin’. Call me tomorrow so we can set up a time to meet for lunch and finish gettin’ caught up. Chance, once again it’s been a pleasure meeting you and I’ll be lookin’ for that wedding invitation. Rayqelle, girl, don’t forget to call me O.K.?” Iesha said as she quickly hugged me and hurried off to the other side of the dark restaurant; where she was greeted by a very handsome older man who kissed her on her cheek.
We both watched her from the table where we sat, it was clear that Chance was somewhat intrigued. You see, he was my man and I knew what he liked. I could see that he was attracted to Iesha, not in a way that disrespected me, but in all the subtlety that was Chance. He and I had a very unique relationship; it was different than anything that I had known before. If he saw a woman that he thought was sexy, he had no problem letting me know. 
Again, he was never disrespectful, just honest. At first it made me a bit uncomfortable but in a strange way I had come to respect his honesty. I ultimately learned to love him that much more, because he felt close enough to me to reveal this most personal part of himself. This was so much more refreshing than those niggas who swear that they would never even so much as look at another bitch, then wait ‘til yo’ back is turned to drool at every nasty little piece of ass that walks by. I felt safe with Chance because he is honest with me.

So as we finished dinner, the conversation quickly turned to the topic of Iesha. Chance was curious as to why if Iesha and I were such good friends in college; I had never mentioned anything about her before. I explained to him that we had just lost touch and that so many other things had gone on since we graduated. She was busy workin’ in New York, Los Angeles, and Miami. Then I had grad school to prepare for, and to be perfectly honest I tried to keep in contact with Iesha for a while but her ass kept movin’. Every three months the girl had a new address and phone number. So after a while I guess we just lost track of each other.
 
“Folks lose touch, shit, people get busy.” I explained.
“And speakin’ of gettin’ busy did y’all?” Chance asked playfully; with that devilish grin. That by itself could always get my panties wet.
“Did we what Chance?” I asked, already knowing what he was trying to get at.
“You know… did y’all get busy?” Chance said looking at me smirking.
“What? No nasty! Now… Why would you even ask me something like that anyway? You are such a freak Chance. Iesha and I were roommates and that’s all. What do you wanna hear me say? Do you wanna hear that we kissed, we fucked, ate each other’s pussies? Nigga what? Is that what you wanna hear?” I quickly responded; as I grew slightly more agitated and horny at the same time. I could feel my nipples starting to harden. Chance’s brashness excited me and he knew it! He knew exactly which buttons to push and what to say to get a rise out of me and he did it every time.
 
Chance leaned in close to me. He smiled, licked his juicy lips and said, “Only if that’s what happened and fa’real. You really don’t even have to tell me if you don’t want to cuz’ that was then and this is now, but I know a freak when I see one and yo’ girl Iesha got FREAK written all over that ass. By the way, why are yo’ nipples standing at attention?” Chance remarked, reaching toward me as if he intended to sneak a grab at my titty in the crowded restaurant.
 
“Boy shut up. You da’ freak! You are nasty and you want everybody else to be nasty too! Come on here, pay the check and let’s go. Dinner was great, now it’s time for dessert.” I said slapping his hand and standing up to head toward the door.

“Well, wait a minute, sit down. Why can’t we have dessert here? They have Italian ice and that double chocolate cake with that whipped icing you like so much, and…”
“And what fool? If you don’t get up and come on so we can go, or must I spell it out? I’m ready for some dick! You know, the chocolate dick with that cream fillin’ I like so much? Let’s go!” I was horny as hell and ready to go home and fuck! Oh, and to answer the question, yes Iesha and I did fuck around here and there on some freaky shit, but I wasn’t about to tell him that. Not yet anyway. Besides that, he wasn’t ready to hear the whole story about me and Iesha and the part she played in my past. Not yet. Not tonight. 
As Chance drove us home I could tell that it was killing him not knowing what may or may not have happened between me and Iesha. He wasn’t going to let me see how curious he really was and I wasn’t about to tell him anything else. As he said, “that was then and this is now.” Besides, tonight was all about us and the mood was perfect. I was not about to let anything distract us from this evening’s main-event; which was me feelin’ that long black dick inside me all night. Although, I was gonna have to thank Iesha the next time we talked. You see, she didn’t know it but she really added some unexpected extra spice to dinner. 
CHAPTER 4

On the way home I decided to relax and close my eyes for a moment. I guess I must have dozed off. Sometimes the night air does that to me, when I woke up we were at home; sitting in the driveway. Chance leaned back in the driver’s seat with his pants already unzipped and open. His dick was standing straight up in the air, waitin’ for me, callin’ to me. Chance looked at me silently, but I knew exactly what he was thinking and what he wanted.
The light from the stereo glistened against the smooth head of his dick. It was fat, like the top of a wild mushroom. I wanted to put my mouth all over it and suck it; I wanted to feel it hit the back of my throat! I slowly reached over the armrest and touched him with only my fingertips as his precumm started to drip down the shaft of his huge cock. I took a deep breath and moved in for the kill. I gently placed my hands around his dick, stroking it up and down as I leaned over it; breathing him in and smelling the faint scent of his Calvin Klein cologne coming from his Sean John boxer briefs. I opened my mouth wide and swallowed his whole dick. Just then, I felt him reach between my legs and slid his fingers over my throbbing clit, then into my already dripping wet pussy. 
 
“Girl, where are yo’ panties?” Chance asked.
Still slobbering desperately, I popped his big dick out of my mouth just long enough to answer, “I took’ em off in the ladies room just before we left the restaurant.” I immediately resumed to the pleasure in my mouth; pulling on his fat black mushroom head. His moaning made my pussy wetter and his fingers inside of my hole was driving me insane! With all of the bobbing and sucking I was doing, I guess one of the buttons on my blouse popped off; because before I knew it Chance had one hand fingering my pussy and the other one squeezing my left nipple at the same time. He knew that shit drove me crazy. It felt so damn good; I was almost screaming inside and out! 
Chance moaned louder. I sucked his dick like the fate of the free world depended on it, I knew just how he liked it. He squeezed my titty tighter and gasped. “I’m cummin’, there it is, I’m cummin’!” he said. Every muscle in his body tightened. He shot his cum into my mouth, buckin’ and gaspin’ for air as I kept on sucking. What little cum I didn’t swallow trickled out of the corner of my mouth. He holla’d, “aww shit! Yes!” I pulled my skirt up, and crawled over to his seat. “Give it to me!” he said, “You know what I want. Gimme my dessert! I wanna taste you, baby please!” he begged.
I crawled up to the top of the seat, opened my legs over his face, and settled in for the ride of my life. As soon as I sat down I could feel his long tongue slide inside me. The feeling was so intense that I couldn’t hold back, he was about to get what he had asked for! I was gonna cum right in his mouth. I rocked back and forth. His baldhead was wet with my juices. I reached back and felt his rock hard dick. I then moved backward until I felt the head of his juicy cock pushing its way inside me.
I pulled his shirt up to touch his sweaty muscular chest. Chance sucked my full round breast as they hung down into his face. I grabbed his shiny baldhead as his stiff dick hit my G-spot over and over and over again! I got up and moved into the passenger seat and bent over on my knees. Without words I was begging to be fucked. I wanted him to pound my pussy. I wanted him to fuck me speechless!
Chance got up from his seat and got behind me; spreading my legs as he stuck the head of his ten-inch dick between my pussy lips. He pushed it in long and hard, then longer and harder, then faster and deeper! I could smell the leather on the headrest as I leaned forward. The harder that he fucked me, the tighter I gripped the headrest. Before I knew it, I was biting into the leather as he fucked me! I gripped the seat so hard that my nails started breaking; one at a time, it hurt like hell, but the pleasure of him far outweighed the pain of a few broken fingernails. Finally I could feel it, there it was, one of those “O’s!” I mean the orgasm of a lifetime. I was exploding!
As his dick repeatedly hit my G-spot, Chance reached around and squeezed my nipples. I was goin’ crazy! I felt like my heart was gonna burst! “Grab my hips and fuck me Chance, don’t stop! I’m about to... There it is! Oh yes! Yes! Yes! There it is!” I screamed. I trembled from exhaustion as he held my hips. His dick was still deep inside me. I reached between my legs to touch the wetness of my own pussy. My body shook from the inside and my toes were curled so hard that my feet started crampin’! this was the orgasm of all orgasms.
 
“Damn, yo’ pussy is wet,” he said as he slowly started up again; strokin’ me long and deep, then a little faster. Once again Chance grabbed my hips and dug in. I could feel him deep inside me, up by my navel. Faster, harder, deeper… then he clutched my waist as he screamed, “I’m cummin’, I’m cummin’ again,” and shot his hot cum all over my ass and pussy. He pulled my hair to the side and kissed my neck.  We both laid there for a moment, too exhausted to move or speak. All of a sudden the motion light from the house next door came on and shined into the car; sending us into a mad scramble for our clothes. Then a tired old voice spoke from just across the fence.

“Who’s out there? What’s going on? Chance, Rayqelle, is that you? Is everything O.K.?”
It was nosy ass Mrs. Thomas. She’s the unofficial neighborhood watch commander. We hurried to fix our clothes as she moved toward the car with a flashlight in her hand. We both knew that if she caught us like this the whole neighborhood would hear about it by morning.
“Hi Mrs. Thomas. Everything is fine, thanks for askin’. We hope to see you at the gallery opening next week. Please tell Mr. Thomas we said hi. Goodnight Mrs. Thomas.” Chance quickly stuttered.
“O.K. I just came out to see what was going on. I heard some awfully strange noises, you kids be careful and have a goodnight,” Mrs. Thomas said.
“Goodnight.” We both said in unison. 
As soon as she turned around, we both jumped out of the car and ran into the house laughing like two high school kids who just got busted makin’ out in the park. Once inside, I slammed the door and I grabbed Chance by the hand leading him upstairs to the shower. I quickly set the water. While unbuttoning his shirt, I kissed his chest and undid his pants. I could see his dick bulging through his shorts. 
 
Chance unzipped my skirt, lifted my blouse over my head, and began to run his hands across my body. We hurried into the shower for a repeat performance of what just went down outside in the car. We made love under the steaming hot water for another fifteen minutes. We then stepped out of the shower and ran down the hall into the bedroom, still dripping wet. We fell onto the bed with nothing between us but drops of water and the heat from our bodies; then we passed out wrapped around each other. 
CHAPTER 5

I woke up the next morning with Chance lying next to me, watching me as I slept. He had the strangest look on his face, as though he was almost mesmerized. He said that last night had to be about the hottest sexcapade that we ever had, and I agree! The passion over flowed from every angle. When I got out of bed he grabbed my hands and said, “You better go get those nails fixed. They’re lookin’ a little rough,” and he laughed.
 
“Oh! Thanks for remindin’ me. I need fifty dollars and don’t even give me that look. If yo’ damn dick wasn’t so big I’d still have my nails! So… cough it up Big Daddy! Never mind. I’ll get it myself, I know where yo’ wallet is, and I need to get a few things from the grocery store anyway. So, better make it an even hundred,” I said rushing to beat Chance to the shower.
That evening as I returned home from the grocery store, the telephone rang. The caller I.D. said Chicago Hilton. “Who could this be?” I thought to myself as I answered. 
“Hello?” 
“Hello Miss Davis. I know you ain’t forget to call me?” It was Iesha.
 “Girl… I was just about to sit down and call you; I just got back in from the store. What’s goin’ on?” I asked excitedly.
 “Well, I hope you don’t mind, but I couldn’t wait to talk to you; so I looked you up. Luckily it ain’t that many Evan Chances in the phone book,” Iesha said sarcastically.
I guess I forgot to give her my number at the restaurant. Anyway, we got to talkin’ about old times and gettin’ caught up on the latest gossip; like, how this person was doing and who that person was doing. We use to girl talk for hours. Iesha told me that life in the world of high fashion wasn’t all that it was cracked up to be, and actually she wasn’t even all that involved in it at the moment. She said, “Girl listen, I had to make some hard choices. In New York City you grow yo’ ass up quick, fast, and in a hurry! I thought L.A. was tough... All I had to depend on was me but I surprised myself. I realized that I had talents and abilities that I wasn’t even aware of, like this amazin’ power over men! I started to find that men just wanted to be around me and would pay alotta money for the privilege. I learned to do what I had to do to survive and I even learned how to get rich doin’ it.” 
Iesha and I both sat in an awkward silence for about 5 seconds. Then she said, “Well girl, don’t just sit there and hold the damn phone. Are you still there? At least say somethin’. Please? Hello? I knew I shouldn’t have told you. I just thought you of all people would understand…”
Finally I responded. “Are you tellin’ me that rich men are payin’ you for yo’ time, company, and conversation; or are you really sayin’ that they are payin’ for the coochie? Cuz’, either way you must be handin’ out refunds left and right.” We both laughed uncontrollably. The same way we did when we were roommates in college.

I said, “Look girl, I ain’t mad at you. At least you are gettin’ paid. Shit, most bitches out here fuckin’ for free; givin’ the pussy to a nigga that ought to be payin’ for it anyway! At least you are smart enough to realize that ain’t a damn thang free and if a mutha’fucka wanna play, he damn sho’ gots to pay! Shit, I ain’t about to sit up here and judge you. We both know that I would be a hypocrite. I know you remember everything we use to get into and the games we use to run. So I would never judge you but seriously, I just gotta’ ask, why? I thought you said that once you got’cho’ degree you were through with that shit. You said you would never go back to gamin’ no matter what,” I reminded her.
Iesha paused.
“Sure… I could go to work for some fortune 500 company, punchin’ a clock, pretendin’ to fit into their neat little corporate box but I’m smarter than that. That’s not me; it never has been and never will be. Plus, last year I made over $250,000” Iesha bragged.
I said “Damn! That’s alotta’ coochie.” 
 
“Girl… You ain’t never lied!” She said as we laughed again. 
“That’s enough about me for now. Tell me all about you and Mr. Chance. How did you land that sexy ass nigga? I know his ass gotta’ be paid,” Iesha asked curiously.
 
“Girl, why is everything with you always about money? It’s not even about that with Chance. Look, I spent years running from love; gettin’ wit’ niggas cuz’ I thought they had this or that. The crazy thing is I was runnin’ game on them while they thought they were runnin’ game on me! Yeah, sure Chance is doin’ well as an artist and his family has money but I got my own shit! I learned a long time ago not to depend on nobody but me. Shit, fuckin’ wit’ Tico taught me that,” I said. Tico Vega was my ex-boyfriend from college. He was a small time dope boy, wanna-be-pimp from Watts, who thought he was doin’ big thangz. He was one of the biggest mistakes of my life and I have made some big mistakes!  

“So, how did you meet Chance anyway?” Iesha asked. 
“Well, I was with some friends at the Chicago Arts Invitational; one of their paintings was on exhibit. Chance was also being honored as one of Chicago’s most talented new artists. He was fine as hell in that black tuxedo and I just had to meet his ass. One of the girls I was with just happened to know him from school, so she introduced us. We hit it off, and the rest, as they say is history.” I explained.
“What? Girl, that had to be the first time in yo’ life you ever took a chance,” Iesha said jokingly.
 
“Well, how is it? Iesha asked.
“How is what?” I responded.
“Girl, don’t make me jump through this damn phone and choke you! How is the sex? Is it good? He looks like he’s gotta’ big dick,” Iesha asked. I knew it wouldn’t take long for the freak to come back out.
“Well, you know I don’t like braggin’ but he is off the muthafuckin’ chain girl! I never would have guessed that a dick that big went along with those little bitty ass size 8 shoes, and thank God he only got shorted on the feet. I swear girl, the first time I went over to his house and got a good look at those tiny ass shoes I was about to turn around and go back home. I wasn’t even about to waste my time. However, luckily nothin’ could have been farther from the truth; he had it goin’ in every way that mattered” I said unashamedly.
 
“Is he freaky? I mean, alotta’ niggas got dick hangin’ down to their knees but don’t know what the fuck to do with it… Just a damn waste of a big dick in my opinion! Plus, if a nigga ain’t got no tongue to go wit’ the dick, I mean if he can’t eat the pussy right then he’s already missin’ 50 out of 100 points!” Iesha stated.
“Girl, I see you ain’t changed one bit; still just as nasty and nosy as ever,” I said.
 
“Just makin’ sure that nigga is handlin’ his business, that’s all. So, have you heard from Tico? You know he’s supposed to get out this month. He wrote me askin’ if I knew how to get in touch with you; talkin’ about he’s still in love with you and you gon’ always be his woman. Tico was talkin’ about getting’ back in the game when he get out. He wanted us to come back to L.A. to help him get started. Girl, you know how Tico is, still on the same bullshit. He also wanted to know why you never wrote or came to see him. He asked me if I thought you might have set him up to get busted,” Iesha said pausing slightly; as if she was waiting for a response. I remained silent. 
 
“Does Chance know anything about Tico?” Iesha asked.
 
“No. I never told him any of that shit! I spent the last three years of my life tryin’ to put all that behind me. After everything went down the way it did and Tico got locked up, I just wanted to start over. I barely made it through college messin’ around wit’ that nigga. He had me doin’ all kinds of fucked up shit that I knew I had no business doin’! Boostin’, trickin’, runnin’ his dope all up and down the 405. That nigga ain’t give a fuck about me! All he cared about was his money. If he did care he never would’a... fuck it. I don’t even wanna talk about it no more; besides, I’m in love with Chance and that’s what’s up. Now that’s what’s really good right there,” I said.

“Girl… Tico is a balla’! He gotz mad paper! Girl, Tico…” Iesha said.
 
“Bitch, Tico kicked my ass for two years; in case you forgot. I know I haven’t. I’ll never forget what that nigga put me through. I remember when he found out I was pregnant and made me have a fuckin’ abortion! Then I find out a week later that this nigga got another bitch pregnant at same time that I was but he let that ho keep her baby, and made me get ridda’ mine! Remember when he had his baby mama and her sisters jump me? Those ho’s almost killed me! I was laid up in the hospital for like two weeks! Do you remember that shit? I sure do!” 

I had to check Iesha’s ass. She was known for trippin’. I had to put her back in her place right away and let her know that shit wit’ Tico was dead! Iesha was cool but sometimes she had a way of fuckin’ wit’ me; I guess to see where my head was. Sometimes it was as if she was tryin’ to purposely get me mixed up into some bullshit. Iesha was a master manipulator. I have seen her operate too many times. I had to let her know that I was not that same stupid little girl she met freshman year in college. 
 
“Alright! Alright! Take it easy girl! You are like a baby sister to me. I’m just tryin’ to make sure that this new nigga is doin’ you right. I admit it sounds like he might be holdin’ it down but it’s hard to tell with you cuz’ you’re so closed mouthed and hush-hush about everything. I guess it’s that he seems so different than anybody I ever knew you to fuck wit’ before. He’s just so sweet, quiet, and lame,” Iesha mumbled under her breath; “But in a sexy way” Iesha added.

“So, anyway girl. How the fuck did we go from talkin’ about sex to talkin’ about Tico Vega’s sorry ass?” I asked.
 
“Well, since we are back on the subject Chance must be the bomb! Damn girl, he got yo’ ass sprung! He must got dat OUWEE!” Iesha exclaimed. She could be so ignorant!
 
“If you are that curious, you should find out for yourself. I mean, if you really wanna know.” I couldn’t believe what was coming out of my mouth and I’m sure that Iesha couldn’t believe it either I knew she wouldn’t pass up the opportunity. I saw the way she looked at Chance, Plus Iesha never could never resist my seconds. 

“So what’s up girl? You are still a professional right?” I asked Iesha provokingly.
Iesha paused silently. “Girl, what are you askin’ me? Yes bitch! I am still a professional by the way. Even more so now than I was before! Thank you very much. I even got a few other bitches on my team; kinda’ like my own lil’ agency,” she boasted; which explained a lot.
“So… what are you sayin’? You want to get paid? Is that it? That’s not a problem. How much do you charge for an evening?” I asked. 
“I charge Two Thousand Dollars a night. This ain’t that small time shit we used to do when we was workin’ for Tico. I only deal with elite clientele: doctors, lawyers, athletes, politicians; that kind of shit,” Iesha responded. “However for you… consider it my pre-wedding gift,” she added. This made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up cuz’ this bitch never gave a muthafucka’ shit without gettin’ somethin’ in return. 

“You won’t be disappointed and neither will Chance! You know how we do it,” Iesha assured me with the greatest of self-confidence.
 
“Fine, tomorrow Chance and I have plans to go to that new club on the navy pier. Meet us at about ten o’clock and we’ll take it from there. I want this to be a night that he will never ever forget,” I told her.
For a moment I was speechless. Did I just invite my girl into a threesome wit’ me and my fiancé? I guess I did. Chance and I had never done anything like this before but we had joked about it from time to time. So, I guess it was time to put up or shut up.
Iesha and I said goodbye and hung up the phone from what had turned into a three-hour conversation. By then Chance was soundly asleep upstairs in our bedroom. I watched for several minutes from outside of the door as he slept peacefully. “Rest my love. You’re gonna’ need your strength tomorrow, because I have a very special gift for you,” I thought to myself; looking on as my chocolate lover slumbered unaware of the pleasure that awaited. 

CHAPTER 6

When I woke up the next morning; my eyes still barely open and barely coherent, I reached across the bed to touch Chance as I always did. To my surprise, he was already up. He was actually outside on the bedroom balcony waiting for me. Chance had prepared a beautiful breakfast of pork chops, eggs with cheese, blueberry pancakes and coffee made just like him… hot, black and strong.
I grabbed my robe and made my way out to the balcony.
 
“I must have been in a comma. Why didn’t you wake me? I would have helped with breakfast,” I said putting my arms around him to say good morning; also thanking him for the gorgeous spread.
“Well, I figured I’d let you sleep. You were on the phone quite a while last night. Who was it that you were talkin’ to that late anyway; one of your sisters or something? Chance asked 
“No. It was Iesha. She said that she didn’t want to take the chance of me forgettin’ to call or losing her number. So she looked us up. Who could forget about her crazy ass?” I said.
“Oh really? That was a pretty long conversation you two had. I’m sure it got pretty interesting, playin’ catch up and all,” Chance added playfully.
“We were just gossiping; girl-talk mostly. You know how it is when two old friends who haven’t seen each other in a while start talkin’. We just got a little carried away that’s all. Chance, I wanted to ask you what you thought of Iesha. Did you find her attractive? I mean, you never really said anything other than callin’ her a freak but I caught you checkin’ her out here and there. Did you think she was sexy? I wanna know,” I asked nonchalantly while running my finger through the syrup on the side of the plate.
 
Chance paused briefly before cautiously responding, “Well… to be perfectly honest the two of you could almost past for sisters. You both have that same gorgeous ass honey brown complexion, almost the same height, similar features and almost the same sexy shape. I mean, y’all both got ass fa’dayz! Yeah! She was fine as hell! Why all the questions about Iesha? What’s the deal?” Chance inquired almost as if he knew that I was up to something.

“No reason, no reason at all… Well, I gotta get ready to go. I have an eleven thirty class. Chance; please come straight home tonight after your work out. Don’t forget we’re supposed to go out to that new club on the navy pier. Thanks again for breakfast baby. It was delicious! Gimme a kiss… I gotta go before I’m late,” I said as I hurried off to get in the shower.

Chance walked slowly from the balcony and stood at the foot of the bed, almost puzzled. 
CHAPTER 7

Later on about two o’clock; as I was leaving class, my cell phone rang.
“Hello?” I answered. 
It was Iesha calling to make sure that everything was still on for tonight and that I hadn’t chickened out.
“Don’t be nervous; you are in expert hands, I assure you. Just relax... By the way, what are you doin’ right now?” Iesha asked.
“Nothing much, just gettin’ out of class. Why?” I asked her.
 
“Rayqelle, why don’t you come meet me at Frederick’s? They got a nice ass sale goin’ on. Maybe we could pick up a lil’ something to wear for tonight. You know, to make it all the more interesting.” Iesha responded.
“Alright, gimme twenty minutes and I’ll meet you there.” I told Iesha.
All the way there I kept thinking, “Is this right? Maybe there’s some shit you just don’t mess around with; this was probably one of them. After all, Iesha was my girl and Chance was my man. What if something goes wrong? What could go wrong? I mean, we’ve never done this before, and I am taking a huge risk. Iesha can be a shiesty lil’ bitch. What if she turns him out? What if they like each other? What if? What if I’m just trippin’? Stop it girl! Just stop already! It’s just one night and its just sex. Right? Of course it is... Then why the hell am I sittin’ here talkin’ to myself? I am trippin’... Like Iesha said, I just need to relax but I’m just gonna keep my wits about me in the process.” 

As I approached Frederick’s, my cell phone rang again. This time it was Chance; he said that he just called to see what I was doing and to see if I needed anything from the outlet mall. He was there picking up some art supplies… I told him that I was just out doing a little shopping with Iesha and that I would be home around seven o’clock. I then asked Chance if he was still goin’ to work out, he said “yes.” I reminded him to please be home by eight so that we could make it to the club on time. He asked me again, what’s goin’ on and what was the big surprise? I told him to just trust me and that I would see him later tonight.
When I walked into the store Iesha was standing in front of the main mirror at the center of the store. She had on a white boostire and panty set with the matching garter and stockings. Iesha was such an exhibitionist. The whole store watched as she strutted back and forth in an outfit that was carefully pieced together solely with seduction in mind. Iesha was really pretty, with a body like “Whoa!” 36-24-42; and she knew how to work it. She had the attention of everybody in the place; all eyes were on her and she knew it. Including mine! 
 
“Hey girl! So… what do you think? Will it make his mouth water? Is it too much? Not enough? What? Gimme some kinda’ feedback here; after all he is yo’ man. Now who would know better than you how to please him? Right?” Iesha said looking at me through the mirror’s reflection.
.
“Yeah... He’ll love it! I’ll take the same outfit; in a soft baby blue. That’s his favorite color,” I said to the store clerk as she walked past and smiled bashfully.
“What’s wrong?” Iesha asked as she turned around facing me. 
 
“I’m fine. I just want to make sure that everything is perfect. I want this to be so good that he could live off the memories; cuz’ after tonight, he’s gonna have to...” I told her.
 
“So lemme get this straight! You think Chance ain’t gon’ ever touch another woman after tonight? Just cuz’ y’all gettin’ married? Don’t tell me you livin’ in that Grimm’s Fairytale! I know plenty of men who’s wives live in that same fantasy world and try to make them live in it too. Most of them end up comin’ to a bitch like me! Girl let me give you a good sound piece of advice, from one friend to another. Don’t hold on too tight! You’ll squeeze the love right out of him, and before you know it… well, you know the rest.” Iesha said smugly as she turned and walked back into the dressing room; still commanding the attention of every eye in the store.

“Well, I’m gonna head on home and start gettin’ ready for tonight. I guess I’ll see you at the club around ten o’clock? Please don’t be late,” I said as I soberly reflected on the reality of her last comment.
 “Wild horses couldn’t keep me away. Now, remember what I said; not too tight...” Iesha said stopping to look at me once again through the mirror with her back still turned as I stood behind her. I could feel her eyes watching me as I walked away, watching like a predator stalkin’ her prey.
 CHAPTER 8

As I got into the car I started thinking about everything that me and Iesha did back in college. All the games we ran, all the niggas we played, and all of the foul ass shit we use to do for a dollar. I worked so hard to get away from that shit; to leave at all behind and I’m a different person now. I’ve grown up. I just hope that Iesha has too. 
I finally made it home around six that evening. In just enough time to finish up a few last minute details and I made it a special point to send Chance on a few small errands to keep him busy until about eight thirty. I then thought, maybe I would have a little drink to help settle my nerves. So I went over to the wet bar in the dining room and poured myself a double shot of Patron. I knew that I was gonna need all the liquid courage I could get to make it through tonight. Don’t get me wrong, God knows it’s not like this is my first time gettin’ down like this but it’s just my first time with Chance, and as crazy as it might sound… I just want it be special. 
By then about an hour or so had passed. With almost ninety minutes left I figured I would take a nice relaxing bubble bath. I had so many things goin’ through my head as I slipped into the steaming hot water. Damn, it hit me! I was horny as hell and by the time that double shot of Patron finally kicked in I was feelin’ pretty damn good! Hell, for real I was actually kind of looking forward to this little rendezvous. Had I turned into a freak? Shit, who was I foolin’? I had been a freak for years but this will be the first time Chance has seen this side of me; and only for tonight.  Chance will be home soon. This was gonna be a night to remember. All my cares seemed to melt away as I soaked in the quiet of the evening, hypnotized by the waters drip from the faucet. Almost asleep, I nodded forward and then I heard the door close down stairs. It was Chance. I could hear him as he hurried up the steps calling to me. “Where you at babe? You gettin’ ready?” 
 
“In here Chance. I’m just finishing my bath,” I said.
“Rayqelle, have you seen my blue Tommy Hilfiger shirt?” Chance asked.
“It’s in the back closet, on the left hand side.” I responded.
I watched Chance as he came into the bathroom to get ready. I could smell his masculine scent as he leaned over the side of the tub to kiss me. “Take those clothes off and get in,” I said as my nipples tingled from the sight of his tall, slim, muscular physique. 
. 
As he sat down between my legs in the tub I slowly washed his body, taking my time as if we had no place to be. I moved the cloth over his big strong back, his broad shoulders and then letting the water rain down over his smooth baldhead. I sucked the droplets of water from his neck.
 
“Don’t start nothin’ you ain’t ready to finish,” he said as he turned to look at me.
“You the one that ain’t ready,” I replied playfully.
“What is that supposed to mean?”  he said.
“You’ll find out soon enough, trust me;” I said as I got up to get out of the tub. 
 
“Where are you goin’,” He asked, reaching for my hand.
“I’m gettin’ out and so are you. Finish washin’ up, Big Daddy so we can go.” I said as the soapy water glistened over him. 

By then that Patron was really starting to kick in and all my inhibitions were goin’ out the window one by one. My heart pounded from excitement and anticipation as I watched Chance dress. Yeah, I was already horny as hell and I knew that in just a few short hours from now there would be no turning back. 
I wanted to grab him and strip his ass right back out of those clothes. It took every ounce of self-control that I had in side of me to hold back my hormones as they raged for him. Besides, I couldn’t wait to see Chance’s face once me and Iesha got a hold of his ass. I couldn’t wait to get back home tonight!

Once we were both dressed and ready to go, I took one more quick survey of the house. I had to make sure that everything was in place; scented candles, slow music, condoms placed inside the pillowcase, and some chilled bottled water. 
“Girl, let’s go… How are you gonna rush me, then take yo’ sweet time and make us late? You better bring yo’ self on!” Chance yelled from down stairs, while grabbing his jacket and keys. Everything was ready. Chance and I got into the car and made our way to the club. It was only about fifteen minutes away but that had to be the longest fifteen minutes of my life. The whole time I just kept thinking, “This is it! I hope everything works out like I planned.” 
            CHAPTER 9

“This is supposed to be a really hot club! Everybody is talkin’ about it… and for forty bucks a head it better be the bomb! Oh, and I hope you are ready to see some shit, cuz’ it’s supposed to be off the hook up in there! When I say off the hook that’s exactly what the fuck I mean. Jay said he came last week and it was a real live freak fest, girls on girls, mutha’fuckas poppin’ X and everything. So stay close to me.” Chance said as we made our way down Michigan Avenue toward the navy pier. 
The parking lot by the pier was so packed that we barely found a space. As we got to the pier and approached the club we could see that the line was a block and a half long. Chance was pissed. He said, “I don’t care what they got goin’ on in there, I ain’t standin’ in this long ass line! Forget it come on, let’s go. We’ll find something else to do tonight cuz’ this is ridiculous!”
 
“Let’s just stand here for a while and see how fast the line moves. Please Chance? I really want to go in and check it out! I’ve been thinkin’ about it all day long and if we stay I got a surprise for you…” I whispered in his ear.
“There you go with that surprise shit again! What’s this big surprise you keep on talkin’ about anyway? What are you up to?” Chance asked.

“You’ll see, just trust me! So, can we stay, please?” I pleaded giving him the sad puppy dog eyes.
“Alright. But we ain’t waitin’ in this damn line all night, I know that.” Chance grumbled as he looked around at a seemingly endless line of people.
We couldn’t have been in line more than five minutes when my cell phone rang. It was Iesha. “Where y’all at?” She asked.
“In line at the club. We are at the back of the line. Where are you?” I said.
“I’m inside standin’ by the entrance. Come on up front. I got us three VIP passes!” Iesha shouted into the phone almost busting my eardrum.
 
“What? Girl shut yo’ mouth! Here we come now.” I responded excitedly. If there was a hook up to be found Iesha would be the one to find it!
“Who was that?” Chance asked, as I grabbed his hand and quickly pulled him to the front of the line; still unaware of the night that lay ahead, he followed me like a lamb to slaughter.
 
“Just come on and follow me, damn!” I demanded.
When we got to the entrance Iesha was standing next to one of the bouncers. He was a big, black, greasy lookin’ nigga, wearing a tight ass silk shirt that looked like the buttons were about to pop off and put somebody’s eye out!  This nigga was sweatin’ and breathin’ all hard, and grinnin’ at Iesha like he was going to swallow her whole. I mean, he was paying so much attention to Iesha that about ten people must have slipped right passed him and into the club. 

“These are my friends Rayqelle and Chance... Y’all, this is Big Rock!” Iesha said as she gave me the secret wink.
 
“Come on in, y’all my guests tonight. Take these VIP passes and enjoy ya’ selves. Miss Iesha, you gon’ call me right?” said the big black ass bouncer as he salivated over Iesha’s voluptuousness. Iesha smiled and winked, saying nothing; only running her fingers across his big sweaty chest as we made our way into the club. 
 
“Girl! What was that all about? You know what, on second thought… never mind... I don’t even wanna know. That nigga smelled like he had cheese coneys with extra onions under his arms.” I said looking back at Iesha in disbelief. 
“Chance, you remember Iesha?” I said as I watched the wheels turn in his head.
 
“Of course, how could I forget?” Chance replied charmingly, with a grin that caught her eye.

“Girl, did you see that line? It was wrapped around the damn corner! What was up wit’chu and that crazy lookin’ nigga?” I asked discreetly whispering into Iesha’s ear.
“I was just standin’ in line. He walked up and asked me who I was, who I was with, and did I want some VIP passes. Well, of course I said, “Hell Yeah!” Now here we are. Damn Chance, you are lookin’ tasty tonight boy. You better watch out! Somebody might take a bite’ out cho’ sexy ass… Anyway, I don’t know what y’all came to do but I came here to get crunk! Let’s go!” Iesha said as she grabbed my hand and pulled us to the VIP.
It was off the hook! The lights were right, the music was thumpin’, and the drinks were strong as hell; but shit, I was already tipsy anyway. So, you know it was about to go down. Chance could not keep his eyes off me and Iesha. I could not keep my eyes off the both of them. Chance was lovin’ it. Iesha grabbed Chance and took him out on the dance floor. 
Chance was in awe. He didn’t know what to do next. Iesha worked his ass on the dance floor and he kept looking back at me like he was expecting me to save him but little did he know, I was the one who set him up for the kill. They must have danced for forty-five minutes. It was weird watching my man being seduced by another woman but in a strange way, it really turned me on. 
While Chance and Iesha got their groove on I made my way to the bathroom; my bladder was full as hell from all the drinks. When I opened the door it was like a bad movie. Two bitches were in one stall kissin’, and one bitch was leanin’ over the sink snortin’ somethin’.  Then two other bitches was in the corner poppin’ somethin’ in their mouths (X I guess) then kissin’, and one lil’ dark skinned bitch just standin’ in the corner starin’ like she knew me or like she was checkin’ me out. It was some crazy shit! I mean, me and Iesha used to get buckwild but I don’t remember us gettin’ like this; or come to think of it, maybe we did. We were doin’ some of everything back then, and I do mean some of everything.
So, I pissed as fast as I could and got the fuck out of there; cuz’ you can’t leave a bitch like Iesha by herself with your man for too long. I know from experience. You’ll come back and the mutha’fucka won’t even remember who you are. Anyway, when I got back to the dance floor it was dark as hell and everywhere I looked it was like one freak show goin’ on after another; like the shit that you see on late night cable or girls gone wild (the ghetto edition). Guys and girls grindin’, girls sitting on each other’s laps tonguing each other down! I mean, it was people in the corner slow grindin’ to fast music. Mutha’fuckas was walkin’ around like zombies. This shit was insane!
So I’m now standing at the bar and tipsy as hell. I felt a hand touch the small of my back. I quickly turned to see who was finna’ get knocked the fuck out! It was the lil’ chocolate chick that was staring at me the whole time I was in the bathroom. She had followed me out. She was about 5 feet tall, cute as hell, and built like a brick shit house. I mean, she was sexy; almost as sexy as me.
“Are you here alone?” She asked. 
 
“I’m here with my fiancé.” I said pointing to Chance and Iesha on the dance floor.
“Oh really? Well, looks like he’s got his hands full,” she said smiling. She started to dance closer and closer toward me; then put her arms around my waist and pressed her body against mine. We moved to beat of the music. 
 
“I’m Shela,” she said speaking directly into my ear so she could be heard over the loud music.
“My name’s Rayqelle.” I responded feeling slightly intrigued by this strange lil’ piece of sexual chocolate that stood just inches away; offering her sweet temptation.
I could see Chance watching me as he danced with Iesha; never letting me out of his sight for more than a second or two. I knew he was watching, so I decided to give him a little pre-show. Shela and I danced, touching and caressing each other’s bodies. Chance was looking at me, looking at her. Shela leaned forward and pressed her full lips against mine and I let her. I felt her tongue enter my mouth and I responded with the same. Everybody there had a role in the freak show, so I decided to join them! 
 “I see you met Shela,” Iesha said, as she dabbed the sweat from her chest with a cocktail napkin. 
“You two know each other?” I asked Iesha in a surprised tone. I began looking back and forth between her and Shela; thinking to myself, “Iesha, what the fuck are you up to now?”
 
“Shela is my personal assistant. She’s here helpin’ me with some P.R. stuff. Shela Simpson, this is my girl Rayqelle that I was tellin’ you about and her fiancé Chance. Shela didn’t have any plans tonight so I had her meet me here. I figured we could all hang out.” Iesha said as she turned to look at me.

“Nice to meet the both of you... This is so weird,” Shela said with the slight look of embarrassment.
 
“Enough talkin’ let’s dance!” Iesha said as she grabbed Chance and pulled him to the center of the dance floor.

We danced; all four of us enticing one another. When the song changed we all moved to a corner table in the VIP. We sat way off to the side, it was dark. Chance sat down and Iesha stood in front of him, giving him the lap dance of his life. I sat next to Shela and watched. The drinks must have really started to have an effect on Iesha because she leaned over and pressed her lips against mine. Chance sat and looked on in amazement. He was stunned, like a deer caught in headlights.  Right then I knew it was time to take this little party back to the house. 
CHAPTER 10

The four of us made our way out of the club and to the parking lot; we were still laughing, dancing and havin’ a great time. It was clear to all of us what was about to go down. I got in the car with Shela and Iesha; Chance followed us in his car. Iesha was in no condition to drive, so I took the wheel. Shela and Iesha sat in the back. I watched them from the rear view mirror as Iesha reached over and pulled Shela’s dress down exposing her firm 36D tits. She moaned as Iesha began to suck her stiff nipples. Iesha moved her hand down between Shela’s legs and I almost hit the car that was stopped at the light in front of us. My clit started to swell as I sat at a stop sign with my fingers in my panties, watchin’ these two bitches wild out in the back seat. Chance rode behind us unaware of the freaky scene that was taking place just ahead of him. Impatiently he beeped the horn!

The sound of the passing traffic quickly snapped me back to focus. I stepped on the gas but I could barely keep my eyes on the road. The show in the rear view mirror was a dangerous distraction combined with the four double shots of patron that I had earlier. Shela and Iesha went at it like animals!

We pulled in the driveway and I got out first. Next Iesha got out and came around to the driver’s side door and pushed me up against the car. We kissed as Chance walked towards us. Shela grabbed Chance and kissed him on his neck. I watched them as Iesha fingered my very wet pussy. Chance looked on from the other side of the car. Our two silhouettes tangled in the dark night. Until… the porch light came on from next door. It was nosey ass Mrs. Thomas again.
 
“Who’s out there? Chance? Rayqelle? Is that you out there? Who’s there?” She screamed from her window with a scratchy, sleepy tone.
“Who the fuck is that,” Iesha whispered in a startle.
“That’s just the nosy ass old lady from next door girl. Let’s get inside.” 
 
“Everything is fine Mrs. Thomas, go back to bed;” Chance said as he and Shela followed me and Iesha into the house.
Chance stood confused, almost dazed.  “Wait! Will somebody please tell me what the hell...” as I lead him in the house.
“Where can I get changed?” Iesha asked, looking at my man like she was about to bite him.
“Rayqelle. What the…?” Chance tried to speak again.
 
“Baby? Please just trust me! Stay right here until I call you, and don’t move,” I said to Chance before I kissed him. I then led Iesha and Shela up stairs to the master bath; where we quickly showered and hurried into the bedroom. Chance disobediently eased his way up the stairwell. 
I called to Chance, as I set the music and lit the last candle. When he got upstairs the room was a glow. I reached out for his hand and led him over to the bed where I started to undress him; caressing his body. Once the last item of clothing was removed I kissed his luscious lips. I laid him down on the bed, massaging his body with lavender oil. Lost in my touch… not even noticing that Iesha was on the love seat next to the bed eating Shela’s pussy. They moaned in lustful heat. 
Chance tried to speak. Once again I pressed my fingers to his lips as he turned to me about to ask the obvious question. Tonight there was no need for conversation. This was all for Chance and his pleasure alone…
Chance remained motionless. His eyes danced between me, Shela and Iesha. The three of us stood at the foot of the bed watching him, almost stalkin’ him. Chance and Iesha locked eyes briefly as if they were the only two in the room. I leaned in closer to him, kissin’ and biting his neck softly. Iesha moved to one side of the bed and Shela to the other. Chance watched Iesha out of the corner of his eye in quiet disbelief; as all four of our shadows locked in a dance against the bedroom wall.
Chance and I kissed as Iesha’s hands explored every inch of his dark chocolate physique. She was visibly excited as Chance reached out firmly gripping her soft honey colored body. She obviously got more than she bargained for with Chance. Iesha apparently wasn’t listening when I said, “don’t let the small feet fool you!” When she pulled back the sheets all she could say was “damn!” Her eyes could have jumped out of her head. 
Iesha was supposed to be the professional but Chance had taken full control. I gave Chance a look to let him know that it was ok to lose himself. As I let go of his hand all I could think was, “Jump in and get wet. This was my gift to you.” This would be a night of passion that he would never forget. I couldn’t believe it myself. I was actually sitting back watching one of my dearest friends fuck my fiancé.
Iesha straddled Chance, sliding up and down, back and forth on him; I moved closer. It was tough but I couldn’t stop myself. It was almost as if they had a rope around my neck pulling me in. I kissed Chance deeply, while Shela took her turn and straddled his big black dick. I threw one leg across him so that I was facing Shela as she moaned loudly, “God damn. Yo’ dick is in my guts!” Chance put his hands on my thick peanut butter thighs and pulled me over his face, licking and sucking me like I was the last piece of sweet potato pie at thanksgiving.
Iesha and I kissed each other as we switched positions. I could not believe my eyes, lips or hands. Chance buried his long tongue deep inside Iesha as she sat on his face. Shela got up as I took my rightful place on top of that big ass dick. Screaming, “Whose dick is this, whose is it? Tell me!” I screamed. Iesha breathed deeply and moaned as her climax grew closer. She clinched my hand and told me she was cumming. It was as though she was asking my permission. “Go ahead girl! Let it out! Go ahead and cum!” I said. Just then Chance moved around and got behind Iesha. 
 
“Remember that long black dick I was tellin’ you about?” I reminded her.
Chance leaned over her and squeezed her titties, sliding the head of his big dick between her thick, wet pussy lips, teasing her ever so slowly. Then like out of nowhere, he plunged his big dick inside her; like he’s probably wanted to do since the first time he laid eyes on her. There it was… I made his fantasy come true. As he pounded her pussy from the back she started to scream, “Goddamn! I’m cummin’! Fuck me, gimme that dick! Give it to me, I’m cummin’, oh yes!”  Shela stood behind me with her hands on my waist.

Iesha’s body quaked as she laid on her stomach gasping for air. Chance moved toward me and stretched out his hands to feel for my body in the dark. By this time all but one of the candles had burned out. Chance pulled me close and kissed me. I laid down on my back as he put my legs on his shoulders and pushed his long hard dick inside me. I moaned deeply as Iesha continued to pant. She was still worn out. Chance and I made love slowly and intimately right next to Shela and Iesha as if they were a world away or not even there at all. 
CHAPTER 11

With morning approaching Shela and Iesha got dressed and left. I put my robe on and walked them to the door. I came back and watched Chance as he slept. That morning he woke up to find me outside on the bedroom balcony, patiently waiting for him. This time his favorite breakfast was on the warmer with fresh juice and his favorite Chinese rose petal tea, along with a single white rose. 
Chance walked from the bedroom and sat on the edge of the balcony, leaning against the rail. He reached for me with one hand, and reached for the rose with other. He looked at me with a look that I had never seen, brushing the petals of the rose softly across my cheek. He then put his arms around me saying, “Last night was incredible. What made you do it?” I told him that I could see how he was attracted to Iesha from the very start, and I thought that she might make a pleasing gift. He told me that last night was absolutely incredible and he thanked me again; adding that it was the sweetest gift any woman had ever given him. 

After watching Chance enjoy his breakfast I immediately got myself dressed and headed out for the gym. As I drove down the road the events from the previous night started to play slowly in my head. I could picture every scene in vivid color almost as if I was reliving it all again. The candles, the breeze through the window, and the smell of Chance’s cologne coupled with Iesha and Shela’s perfume. For a matter of moments I was there again. Last night swept me away. It was even better than I thought it would be, especially with Shela being an unexpected addition. 
 
Not knowing exactly how much time had passed, I arrived at the gym. I can’t even recall how I got here but, there I was in the parking lot of the sports club. My cheeks were flushed, nipples hard, and panties wet as hell! As I got out of the car and made my way inside, I could still feel Chance’s touch all over me. So, before I could even begin to concentrate on my work out, I was gonna need to cool the fuck off. Quickly I rushed to the locker room and got my clothes off. Maybe the cold water would knock some sense into me. 
Now after taking the coldest shower of my life, I stood in the locker room; drying off and still reminiscing about last night’s freaky interlude. It made me question everything about myself, my judgment, sexuality, and even my sanity! I just felt so relaxed and comfortable. I guess it felt as though I could let go of all my inhibitions and lose myself in the moment. Sure, I planned last night for Chance but I enjoyed it too. It was a night that I would truly never forget.
There I was, standing alone in the quiet echo of the women’s locker room drying off and feeling the pleasure of my own touch at the same time. I almost allowed my mind to bring my body back to the place that required the cold shower to begin with. A loud bang from a nearby closing locker quickly brought me back to a sober reality.
After my work out I returned home to get changed for an afternoon appointment. I hurried through the front door. Once inside I went up the stairs and quickly moved to get undressed. I couldn’t help but stop for a moment to look at what remained of the night before. Everything had been left just as it was. The room seemed quiet and undisturbed. Chance had already left for an afternoon therapy session, so I was at home all alone.
In the stillness of the room I paused, listening to the almost inaudible rotation of the ceiling fan in our bedroom. I was again transported back to the passionate calm of our intimate four-way encounter. I laid across the bed in the light of day with my eyes closed. The scent of Iesha’s perfume faintly lingered along with the strangely pleasant thought of her lips against my body. The afternoon’s sun set high in the sky. It cast a peculiar light against the same wall that had just held the shadows of four figures engaging one another in heated passion.
The light of day had an interesting way of making things clearer. When looking back, I guess the expression on Chance’s face was all I needed to see. I sat there quietly reflecting… all that mattered to me was Chance. I looked at the candles in each corner of the room, remembering how beautifully they shined against his chocolate skin last night.

CHAPTER 12

As I watched the leaves on the trees outside rustle calmly against the suns backdrop, my cell phone rang. It was Iesha and the sound of her voice quickly snapped me back into reality.
“What’s up girl? I just called to see what you were doin’ today. Congressman Franklin Jordan is havin’ a barbecue at his house in Sky Vista and I was wonderin’ if you might like to come as my guest.” 
“Oh for real, how do you know him?” I asked.
“Girl I know everybody! He was the client I was meetin’ the night I ran into you and Chance at the restaurant. Anyway, he asked me to come by and he said I could bring a friend if I wanted. It’s just gonna be alotta politicians and shit. I just didn’t wanna be there by myself without anybody to talk to. He will be pretty busy hob-nobbin’ and schmoozin’ for votes and contributions. So, I thought maybe you might like to go and keep me company” Iesha said.
 
“Alright Iesha I’ll go but don’t be tryin’ to get me caught up in one of yo’ damn hoo-chee-ramas; havin’ that man thinkin’ I’m for sale or no shit like that. I ain’t even on it! You hear me?” I said, making sure that Iesha understood me clearly. Iesha was also known for being a master of last minute surprises.

“Girl quit trippin’. It’s just a barbecue and I would never even put you out there like that. What I do is what I do and I would never put you in the middle of it. It’s just a fundraiser for his new campaign. I just don’t wanna be there without anybody I know and who speaks my language. Look, it’ll be fun and the food is gonna be the bomb! He is havin prime rib, lobster, shrimp and chicken.” Iesha was also greedy as hell! 
“Alright, alright! I did have a class to go to this afternoon but I guess I can skip it, and Chance had a therapy appointment to go to. That should keep him busy until I get back,” I said. 
“Therapy? What’s wrong, he got a bad back or something? He seemed fine to me?” Iesha asked.
 
“No. Chance is slightly manic-depressive. He’s on medication and goes to therapy twice a week to manage it. He’s doin’ fine though,” I explained.
“Oh hell naw! You mean that nigga’s crazy?” Iesha said.
 
“No Iesha. He is not crazy! Fool, he has a medical condition and he is on medication to treat it! Maybe if yo’ crazy ass went to see somebody about yo’ issues you could learn to stay in one place and quit bouncin’ all over the country from pillar to post!” I snapped at Iesha.
“Well excuse me for bein’ concerned about yo’ funny actin’ ass! When they find you floatin’ in Lake Michigan all chopped up in little pieces don’t say I didn’t warn you,” Iesha responded.

“Look, wit’ all the foul shit you be doin’, they’ll find yo’ ass floatin’ long before they will me,” I said.
“Anyway girl. Where do you want me to meet you?” I asked Iesha.
“The address is 3514 Sky Vista Dr. Pull into the circle driveway and I’ll be inside. Just come on in. I’ll see you in about an hour” she said.
“Alright then bye.” I said slamming my cell phone shut.
About an hour later I arrived, pulling into the driveway in front of the house like she said. A valet approached. I felt just a little out of place handing him the keys to park my Toyota Camry, with all the Hummer’s, Benz’s and Jag’s parked everywhere. I walked up to the big wooden door and before I could ring the bell the maid opened the door. Iesha was standing off to the side just behind her.

“Damn girl. Finally! I thought you changed yo’ mind about comin’… Let’s go outside. I want you to meet the Congressman.” Iesha said as she ran up and grabbed me by the hand.

I followed Iesha through the wave of snobby looks and turned up noses. The house was huge and beautifully decorated. It seemed like we walked a damn country mile to get to the outside pool area where the Congressman was. This house was amazing, like something you would see in Architectural Digest or some shit.  I felt out of place, so I know Iesha’s ghetto ass must’a felt like little orphan Annie. 
As we stepped out on to the terrace, the Congressman immediately spotted Iesha and motioned her over to where he stood. He was very handsome, tall, and well built. He was in in his early forties, with smooth caramel colored skin and wavy salt and pepper hair. He also had quite a reputation with the ladies; a most eligible bachelor and very, very wealthy. I thought to myself, “what the fuck is he doin’ with Iesha?” I guess he must have been slummin’.
 
“Hello, my dear. Are you having a good time?” the congressman asked as he greeted Iesha with a warm kiss on the cheek.
“Yes Franklin, I’m havin’ a wonderful time. Thank you for asking. There’s someone I’d like for you to meet. This is my old college roommate Rayqelle Davis. Rayqelle is a grad student at Illinois State studying psychology,” Iesha explained to the congressman in this fake proper, wanna be  bouzhee ass tone that made me wanna throw the fuck up.
 
“Well, young ladies with brains and beauty seem to travel in pairs. Iesha is quite the young woman, in every sense of the word. Any friend of hers is a friend of mine. Please eat, drink, and enjoy yourselves. If you need anything just yell for me. I have to go mingle but we’ll talk some more later. Oh by the way, Iesha... Did you get settled into your room alright?” The congressman asked.
“Yes Franklin I did. Thank you again for everything. I really mean it” Iesha responded to the congressman.

“Good, I’ll see you in a bit. Rayqelle, again it has been nice meeting you and please make yourself at home,” said the congressman as he again kissed Iesha on the cheek and made his way over to a small crowd of old moneybags. They were shaking hands and faking smiles.
I turned to Iesha with a look of utter amazement and curiosity. Iesha knew exactly what my next question was.
 
“Did you get settled into your room? Yo’ room? You have a room here? In this mansion? What in the world did you do to that man wit’cho ghetto ass? You got his old ass sprung! What kinda’ game you runnin’? You know what, I don’t even wanna know,” I told Iesha. 

“Wait a minute... Franklin is just a good friend, a very good friend. I met him last year in Miami and we have an understanding,” Iesha said.
“And what might that be?” I asked.
 
“Franklin wants to be near me, I understand that. So, I let him. It’s that simple, and i’m only staying here until I find a place here in Chicago,” Iesha said as she fixed her make up in a tiny compact mirror.
“It’s just that simple huh? Whatever… Girl, you are too much. How did you manage to…? Never mind. I don’t even wanna know. Just be careful. You ‘bouta have that nigga lookin for yo’ ass wit’ a flashlight in the daylight,” I said with an even more curious inflection in my voice.
Iesha smiled with her head down.
“Let’s get away from all these people. There’s a beautiful aquatic garden down this way. Come on;” Iesha said as she walked toward the water garden, taking off her sandals. We stood at an obviously awkward silence, just listening to the tiny ripples over the rocks in the falls. Sometimes silence can speak louder than a thousand screaming voices.
“Iesha, have you ever been in love? I mean, really in love; so much in love that you could see the sun rise and set in someone else’s eyes? Have you ever met a man that makes you melt every time he walks into the room? Or a man that takes a part of you with him every time he leaves? Have you ever met a man that filled your heart with more love than you could possibly imagine?”  I asked.
 
“Damn! Look at you gettin’ all mushy and shit.” “No Rayqelle I haven’t. But it doesn’t mean that I don’t want to. I’d give anything to have what you have with Chance. I may never know that kind of love. You landed a really great guy and I can’t say that’ll ever happen for me,” Iesha said as she watched the water flow against the rocks.

“Iesha... I think I may have landed more than just a great guy. I think I found my soul mate, and I thank God for him every day; I mean, you know all the shit I’ve been through wit’ niggas. I didn’t think it was a good man out there to be found until now. But I had to change. I had to start lookin’ at myself differently, and I also had to start seeing myself as more than just something to be bought or sold. I had to also stop looking at what I could get out of a nigga; like if he didn’t have this or that. You know me, I wasn’t fuckin’ wit him.  Look at what that got me. I ended up wit’ a nigga like Tico who flipped the script and sold me a fuckin’ fairytale that turned into a nightmare! I’m just so glad I don’t have to live like that no more, I said to Iesha.
 
“Yeah... I guess you have been blessed,” Iesha said softly.

“Well… what about the Congressman? It seems like he’s crazy about you. What’s that all about;" I asked Iesha, even though I already knew what it was about. It was about money, just like it always was.
“Rayqelle I don’t know, I don’t know nothin’ anymore. Sometimes I don’t know whether I’m comin’ or goin’, leavin’ or stayin’. I wish that I could find somebody who loves me for me, and that doesn’t want anything more than just to love me. Ya’ know... I watched the way Chance looked at you last night; the way he touched you was special. I laid there next to y’all after he finished fuckin’ me and listened with my eyes closed while he made love to you. He fucked me, but he made love to you. I would have given anything to be you at that moment. I mean, you have it all, a great career doin’ what you love to do, and a wonderful man that loves you. You’ve got it all and I have nothing. I don’t know, maybe I’m gettin’ really sick of sellin’ my soul and my pussy to the one with the biggest bank roll” Iesha wept.
 
Iesha turned away and though I couldn’t see her face I could hear the tears in her voice as she spoke. She was my girl and I could feel her soul aching. Iesha hurried to dry her falling tears, as the sound of the Congressman’s approaching footsteps against the gravel walkway grew nearer.
 
“Here you two are. I’ve been looking everywhere. Iesha, I want to introduce you to Senator Bob Tilson, he’s an old friend of mine. I’m sorry... am I interrupting something? Are you two alright?”  The congressman asked.

“Yeah honey, everything is fine. Let’s go meet the Senator. Rayqelle are you comin’?” Iesha said as she looked into the tiny mirror on her compact to fix her make up.
“Yeah, I’ll be along in a minute. I just wanna enjoy the water for a few more minutes. Is that alright?” I asked the Congressman.
“Of course it is Rayqelle. Stay as long as you like. We’ll be inside. Come along my love” the Congressman said as he and Iesha walked away hand in hand against the pink dusk of the sun. There was a strange calm but underneath was great uncertainty.
 
As the festive get together came to a close, I politely thanked the Congressman for his hospitality, hugged Iesha and said I would talk to her soon. I looked over my shoulder as I walked away, I could see Iesha watching every step I took; like a puppy looking through the window at a pound. It was the most sorrowful look I had ever seen on her face, almost longing; crying out for me not leave her or maybe wishing she could go to my place. I could see Iesha through the rear view mirror as I got in the car and drove away. I watched her stand in front of the house until I was too far away to see.
CHAPTER 13

All the way home I thought of how Iesha kept reminding me how great my life was and how lucky I was to have Chance. Yeah, I was truly lucky and I don’t take it for granted. I couldn’t help but be just a little envious too. Iesha was still wild and free. She had no limits, it was all about her and there’s a lot to be said for the ability to just be. It’s a kind of freedom I’ll probably never know again. Now she’s living with a Congressman in his mansion for God’s sake but at what cost? I wouldn’t trade places with her for anything in the world. I could never go back to the life I use to live, not for all the money in the world.
As I arrived home and pulled into the driveway, I could see Chance through the window of his studio, quietly perched in front of his easel with brush in hand agonizing over each and every stroke. Chance painted the same way that he made love, deeply, passionately and brilliantly. The soft scent of jasmine drifted from the open window, along with the soothing sound of his favorite smooth jazz C.D.; the one I bought him for his birthday last August.
Just watching Chance work, pouring his heart and soul onto the canvas made my body weak all over. For the few moments that I sat there, I imagined myself as his canvas; as he used his brush creating long, deep strokes. I imagined him taking his time and covering every single inch of me with his color. Sitting anonymously in the dark of the driveway I lifted my skirt, reaching into my panties, sliding my fingers past the soft silk, to the waiting heat of my pulsating vagina. 
 
Each time Chance moved his brush up and down, I followed his strokes with my fingertips pressed softly inside the wetness of my pussy. The longer I sat in that car, the more I wanted and needed his actual touch. All of a sudden, just the sight of him was more than I could stand. He didn’t know it but he was about to be my chocolate nightcap. This is a much needed and very sweet ending to a very long day. 
I walked in through the main door of the house, staring down the long dark hallway at the ambient light peering out of Chances studio. I quietly got undressed at the door, dropping each piece of clothing one by one at the staircase. I tip toed lightly down the hall toward the room that contained my dark stallion. The stallion that I was gonna ride all night.
As I approached the end of the hallway, all of my senses began to heighten. I could smell the hinted jasmine mixed with the aromatic fragrance of Chance’s cologne; combined together with the sweet melody playing in the background, put me into a mild trance. My senses were totally over loaded by the thought of his hands on my body. 
I was only a few steps away from ecstasy, so close that I could almost hear his heart beat from where I was standing just at the eve of the door. For a moment I stood captivated, slowly turning toward the opening of the door. I caught a full glimpse of my tall dark lover, washed in the light that danced across his big broad shoulders. There stood my prize...
The floor creaked as I moved forward, passing the jam of the door. Chance’s dark brown eyes glided around to meet me. I was naked, more naked inside than I was on the outside. I was transparent and completely open to anything he wanted or needed from me. Whatever he desired, I was to be. All my inhibitions were gone. Chance moved toward me slowly and intently with the look that could only say one thing. He wanted me just as much as I wanted him. After making his way closer to me, he reached out, squeezing my breast, rolling my hard mocha colored nipples between his fingers. He leaned in to kiss me with his full beautiful lips… he whispered, “What did I do to deserve this?” 
And I answered. “Everything…” 
As he took his other hand and rubbed my thigh, he traced along my hips, and squeezed my ass; kissin’ me but only much harder and deeper. Guiding me with his whole body, Chance maneuvered me over to the futon that he had sitting directly in front of the window. The same window I watched him through just moments earlier, while playing in my own wetness but now it was his turn to play in it. This was his time to dip into my juicy passion fruit. 

We both stood in front of the futon by the window, touching and caressing each other with the desire of two animals in heat. He slid down on his knees, slowly kissin’ and suckin’ my nipples, and licking my stomach. Chance bit me and tickled me with the lush, bushy hairs from his mustache. Slowly he moved from my stomach, following the neat little trail of hair that led to my treasure.
Chance took his time, softly caressing the insides of my thighs, kissin’ the top of my pussy, then moving farther down. He wrapped his tongue around my swollen clit and then slid it in and out as he opened me up to expose all my wetness; lifting my leg up so that my foot rested on the arm of the futon. Chance gently took his fingers and spread my juicy lips, pushing his tongue as far inside of me as he could. I moaned and gripped his head as he explored me even deeper. With every lick that he took I moaned, softly at first then louder. 
 
“I’m finna’ cum, suck it, oh yes, I’m cummin!”
I moaned loudly as I shot my pussies essence into his mouth. 
 
“Did you taste it? Was it good babe?”

I asked as he stood to his feet, taking off his tank top and loose fitting jogging pants; exposing his long hard dick. I fell back on to the futon with my legs open wide. The look on his face told me he was ready. 
“Please, gimme some dick! You gotta fuck me now!”
Chance put his face between my legs; taking one more long lick from my ass to my clit and then back the other way again. He almost sent me into cardiac arrest. My insides were screaming his name! He stood over me with his dick at attention, just looking for a moment. Then he kneeled down and stuffed it into my mouth. I dared not gag. Yes, he shoved his long, horse dick down my throat and I wasn’t mad about it at all. This only served to make my pussy even wetter and ready for what I knew I had coming to me.
Chance laid on top of me and pressed his face against my titties, gently sucking and pulling on my hard sensitive nipples as if he was gonna devour me. I could feel the head of his dick lodged against my pussy. Inch by inch he pushed his love inside. I moaned deeply and dug my nails into his back. His dick is so big! It was almost too much for me but I wanted it. I wanted him! As he moved in and out of me, I could hear the sweet sound of my juices flowing around the stiffness of his manhood. He pushed deeper, spilling my nectar on to the futon. 
In and out, his long chocolate nightstick plunged against my sugar walls and sent me into one of the strongest orgasms of my whole life. I could feel it in the depths of my soul! I was shaking all over… I never thought that there would ever be a man who could send me into a guaranteed orgasm each and every time he fucked me, yet here he was.

After my epic explosion, I turned Chance around and sat him down on the futon. His dick was hard than a mutha’fucka’! I climbed on top and rode him like I was on a horse at the Kentucky Derby. Chance clenched his teeth together and yelled, “Rayqelle, I’m cummin’! I’m cummin’!” I bounced on his dick even harder; until I could feel him squirt it all inside of me. It was warm and sweet. His body trembled in ecstasy as he leaned forward and laid his head against my breast, holding me tightly until we both drifted off into a deep, deep sleep.  Then the phone rang!
CHAPTER 14

The phone rang once, twice, then three times! The phone rang over and over again. It would stop then start right back up again. My grandma use to say, “When a phone rings like that, it can’t be nothin’ but bad news.”
  I reached over and grabbed the phone from the nightstand. Chance jumped as I accidentally knocked the alarm clock on the floor. 
 
“Hello? Who the hell…” I answered angrily.
 
“Rayqelle, it’s me Lynn.” It was one of my baby sisters. From the sound of her voice I knew something was very wrong.
“Girl… what is it? Is Davis alright?” I asked with the sickest feelin’ in the pit of my stomach. I got out of bed trying not to wake Chance.
 
“He’s gone Qelle! Daddy died in his sleep last night. His heart gave out,” she said almost in a whisper.
I sat down in the chair next to the bed. I was completely knocked off my feet. The tears started to fall down my face. I began to weep; silently at first, and then all at once until it began to be too much to hold in. I dropped the phone as Chance got up and rushed over to me. “Baby, what’s wrong,” he asked as he picked the phone up off of the floor. “Who is this,” he shouted.
“It’s Lynn Chance. My dad died last night. He had a heart attack,” Lynn told Chance as I reached up toward the phone. 
 
“Gimme the phone… lemme talk to my sister,” I said in a soft tone. Chance handed me the phone and placed his hand on my back to comfort me. 
“It’s me girl. I’ll be on the first flight I can get! Have you talked to Letah? Does she know?” I asked.
 
“No… I can’t tell her over the phone. You know how close she was to daddy. I’m just goin tell her that he is sick again and she needs to come home,” Lynn said. 
“Alright... I’ll be there tonight. I’ll call you from the airport when I get to San Diego. I love you.” 
“I love you too. See you when you get here,” Lynn responded.
I hung up the telephone and fell into Chance’s arms. He held me close as I cried for another hour. I got myself together to go to San Diego. I had to help make arrangements to bury my stepfather. Chance wanted to go with me but I told him that he needed to stay and prepare for his gallery opening. It was too important and he had worked way too hard. He needed to be here. I just told him to come to San Diego in enough time for the funeral. Me and my sisters were going to need to be alone anyway. Chance hesitantly agreed to meet me in San Diego in a few days, and then he took me to the airport. This was gonna be the first time we had been apart since we met but I had to go.

Later that night when I got to San Diego, I called Chance to let him know my flight had landed and that I would talk to him when I got to the house and got settled. When Letah and Lynn got to the terminal to pick me up, I could tell just by looking at Letah that Lynn had already told her. She sat in the front seat with a blank stare, looking straight ahead with her eyes were glazed over but without tears. Lynn said that Letah hadn’t said a word since she told her. She didn’t say anything the whole way home either. We all just sorta’ sat quietly, feeling each other’s pain. Officer Davis wasn’t even my or Letah’s real father but he was all we had.  The pain in Lynn’s face was so evident.
As we arrived at the house, my cell-phone rang. “It must be Chance,” I thought to myself. It was a Chicago area code but I didn’t recognize to number. I answered the call anyway. It was Iesha. 
“Hey girl... I just heard the news. I called your house and Chance told about your dad. I’m so sorry. Are you aight’? Is there anything I can do?” Iesha asked in her own sympathetic way. 
“No. Just keep us in yo’ prayers. That’s all girl. I’m just so fucked up. I still can’t believe it. He was fine and then…” I said still in shock.
 
“Yeah, and I think it’s real fucked up that Chance ain’t wit’chu at a time like this. That’s shitty as hell!”, Iesha said.
“What? No! He had to stay behind to prepare for the gallery opening. I told him to stay and just come out here in a few days for the funeral,” I replied correcting Iesha.
“Yeah… whatever! Anyway... I’m here if you need anything. Aight? Do you want me to go by and check on Chance for you? I can make sure he’s eatin’ and takin’ his medication?” Iesha asked. Anytime Iesha offered to do anything for anybody out of the kindness of her stony little heart I always got a cold chill.
 
“Naw girl. I’ll just be gone a few days then he’s comin’ right out here to be with me. Anyway, he’ll be busy gettin’ ready for the gallery openin’ and he does not like to be bothered while he’s workin’. He’ll be fine,” I said to Iesha hoping that she got message to keep her high yellow ass away from my house while I’m gone. It’s not that I didn’t appreciate the concern but I just didn’t trust her any farther than I could see her. 
I hung up the phone and opened the trunk to get my bags out to take them in the house. As soon as I walked through the door I heard a scream come from the kitchen. I dropped everything and quickly ran in to see what was going on. Letah was on her knees cryin’ and screamin’. Lynn was on the floor clutching her chest. She was white as a sheet! I quickly called 911 and tried to keep Lynn conscious until the ambulance got there. She was struggling to breathe and sweatin’ like a pig! When the paramedics arrived they quickly got Lynn stabilized and took her to the hospital. Letah insisted on riding with her in the ambulance. I drove Lynn’s car and met them there. 
CHAPTER 15

When I got to the emergency room Letah was talking to the nurse. She told us that they would have to run some test and it could be a while before they knew anything. I put my arms around Letah and we sat down in the waiting room. About an hour later the doctor came out and told us that Lynn had suffered a massive heart attack but she was stable. The doctor also said the she was gonna need an emergency bypass. She had a collapse in one of her major arteries and that she might need a blood transfusion. He asked if we could both donate some of our blood just in case. 
“Of course!” I said.
The nurse came out to take us to a room and draw our blood. 
 
“Follow me please,” said the nurse. I walked behind her and was about halfway down the hall before I realized that Letah was still standing in the waiting room. I stopped and turned around. 
“Just a moment please,” I said to the nurse. I turned to walk back down the hallway; Letah stood perfectly still as I approached. 
“What? What are you doin’? The nurse is waitin’, Lynn is waitin’. What’s the problem?” I asked.
“I can’t,” she said blankly.
“You can’t what? Girl… come on here and quit bein’ a baby. I know you ain’t still scared of needles. It’ll be alright, you’ll just feel a little pinch and that’s it. Come on. Do it for Lynn.” I said, growing more frustrated.
“No! I can’t!” She shouted.
“Why,” I asked. Letah turned away.
“I just can’t! So… stop askin’ me!” Letah shouted louder.
 
“You selfish little bitch! Our sister is layin’ in that operatin’ room fightin’ for her life, and you can’t? No, wait… You won’t take a little needle stick? It’s always about you ain’t it? You always have been a lil’ self-centered heffa’! I don’t believe you! This is so…” I said as Letah interrupted.                                             
“She can’t have my blood! I’m sick Rayqelle!” Letah shouted!
 
“Sick how? What? You got a cold or somethin’? What is it? We ain’t got all day!” I demanded.
“Rayqelle I am sick! I have HIV!” Letah shouted again as she broke down into tears.
“What? Oh my God! No, please God? NO!” I said. “What? How? Why didn’t you tell me?” I asked putting my arms around her.

“Please... time is of the essence,” the nurse said from down the hall; unaware of the serious conversion that was taking place. 
“Miss Davis, please!” the nurse said again.
“I’ll be right back,” I whispered; kissing Letah’s forehead as I headed back down the brightly lit hallway with the nurse.
“It’ll just be me,” I told the nurse as she led me to the exam room. When I got back to the waiting room Letah was asleep on the stiff vinyl love seat that was neatly situated across from the partitioned nurses’ station.
I sat down quietly, struggling not to wake my little sister as she seemed to sleep so soundly. 
CHAPTER 16

Letah was my baby. I remember when Ladybird and Davis brought her home from the hospital and I held her in my arms and fed her. I use to rock her to sleep. She was so precious to me. Now to find out that she’s HIV positive, I couldn’t believe it. Lynn in that operating room about to have open-heart surgery, and Davis was gone. “I just don’t know what to do. I’m an emotional wreck. How do I move forward from here? How do pull myself together enough to be able to bury our father in just two days from now. How am I gonna get through this; especially if Lynn dies. I wont be able to do it, but I gotta be strong for Letah. She’s gonna need me,” I thought looking at her as she peacefully slept.
Me and Letah sat in the waiting room while Lynn was in surgery. It seemed like forever! One hour passed and then another and another… Seconds seemed like minutes and minutes like hours. Then finally there was a knock at the door. It was Dr. Bauer. He had been Lynn’s doctor since she moved to San Diego. He was the best cardiologist in Southern California.
“Miss Davis. Well we’ve done all we can, and now it’s...Well, all we can do is wait and pray for the best. We’ll be moving your sister into recovery. The next twenty-four hours are going to be the most critical,” said Dr. Bauer.
“Well can we see her?” I asked the doctor.
“Sure. She’s heavily sedated though so don’t stay too long. What she needs more than anything is rest,” said the doctor as he moved toward the door.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, and try to get some rest yourselves.” He added.
“Thank you Dr. Bauer” I said softly, still sitting with Letah asleep on my lap as the doctor left the room and the door closed.
Quietly I prayed. “Dear Lord, it’s me. I know it’s been along time since you’ve heard from me and I know I don’t talk to you as often as I should but, I’m comin’ to you now. Lynn needs yo’ strength. Please touch her Lord and make well again, cuz’ we need her. And please Lord, just lay yo’ hands on Letah. I know they say that there’s no cure for the disease she has, but it’s in yo’ hands. 
About ten minutes went by and then I heard a knock at the door. 
“Come in, it’s open…” I said softly.
The door opened as a tall, broad figure entered the dimly lit room. I could not make out who it was, but then a deep voice spoke. 
“Hey baby. I came as soon as I heard. Come here, I’m gon’ take care of you. Come give yo’ nigga a hug and kiss. Damn! I ain’t seen you in over three years! Girl, you look good!” It was Tico Vega! The depth of his voice shook the room like the aftershock of a Southern California earthquake as I quietly trembled!
“What are you doin’ here Tico?” I asked as my voice shuttered in fear.
“I’m here to take care of my girl. I mean… you still my girl, right? “
Tico asked in a tone that demanded an answer of his liking.
“How did you find me?” I asked him, though I suspected I already knew the answer.
“I called Iesha to see if she knew how to get in touch with you and she told me where you was at.” He said as he moved toward me, touching my cheek with the back of his rough hand. Tico thought he was the shit! He was a tall, stocky built nigga’ with an odd colored bronze skin. His father was Haitian and his mama was a full-blooded Mexican-Indian, which gave him a most unique appearance. His eyes were deep set and slanted. His lips were full, nose was wide and prominent, and his hair was thick, black and wavy. He was a light skinned, funny lookin’ nigga’;  kinda’ put you in the mind of Max Julian. The man that played in -The Mack-, and that’s just who he thought he was too. He was really sort of ugly, but he had game like a mutha’fucka. That more than made up for what he lacked in looks. I mean this nigga’ could talk the funk off a skunk! It was just something about him that made all the bitches wanna say “yes!!!” to whatever  game he was runnin’. Believe me, I know what I’m talkin’ about, because that’s how he got me.
“Did Iesha also tell you that I was engaged?” I asked.
“Yeah. She told me about some lame ass nigga’. So what? You just needed something to tie you over ‘till I got out. I understand that, but Daddy’s home now.” Tico said as Letah started to wake up.
“My daddy is dead, and so is anything I ever felt for yo’ sorry ass!” I said as my fear slowly turned to anger.
“What’s up Letah?” Tico said touching her hair.
“Nigga don’t touch me! What the fuck is he doin’ here Rayqelle?” Letah shouted as she looked at me with confusion.
“Tico, you gotta go. I want you to leave, now!” I said as I tried to restrain myself from shouting in the hospital. The last thing these white people needed to see was a bunch’a niggas in here clownin’.
“Iesha said you needed me baby. That’s why I’m here,” Tico said as he leaned in to try and kiss me.
“She lied! Now I want you to leave before I go get the police Tico!” I shouted.
“The police? Oh… it’s like dat’ now? What? I ain’t seen you in over three years and this is how you gon’ do me? What? You think you better than me now cuz’ you graduated from college and got’chu a lil’ job? You think you better than me cuz’ you got some punk ass nigga wit a lil’ money payin’ for the pussy?” Tico said as he began to get angry.
“He ain’t ever had to pay for this pussy! You da’ the only nigga that paid fa’ dis,” I said as my anger intensified.
“Yeah. Me and every otha’ mutha’fucka’ you tricked wit’. I pimped you bitch! Did you forget? I gave yo’ pussy a purpose, you were nothin’! Bitch. I made you! I guess you forgot. You just a ho’! I own you. I’m a real balla’. A boss! You ain’t shit without me! You better remember that!!” Tico said pointing his rusty finger in my face that smelled of stale Kool Filtered Kings; his cigarette of choice.
“Get the fuck out Tico!” Letah stood up and screamed as she snatched away from me and rushed toward him.
“Get back bitch,” Tico said as he slapped her to the floor.
“Nigga you ain’t shit! You ain’t never been shit but a liar and a user!” Letah said as she grew more and more out of control.
“Yeah… and I used yo’ ass good didn’t I? I bet’chu  ain’t tell Big Sis about that one,” Tico said. 
Letah lowered her head as if ashamed. “Oh what? Don’t get quiet on me now. Come on! You mean to tell me Rayqelle don’t know?” Tico asked, looking back and forth from me to Letah, grinning crookedly.
“Know what Tico?” I asked.
“About me and Letah,” Tico said.
“What about you and Letah?” I asked as my stomach tied itself in knots.
“When you left… as soon you left. This lil’ bitch couldn’t wait to get her mouth around my dick! You couldn’t a been gone more than 24 hours before she had her lil’ hot ass over at my house, fuckin’ my brains out!” Tico said.
“Shut the fuck up Tico! I mean it!” Letah said leaping to her feet.
“What?” I asked in shock.
“I don’t know what the fuck you gettin’ all salty about? You wasn’t givin’ me no pussy anyway. After you got all high and mighty. Started talkin’ bout ‘cho education and how you needed mo’ out of life… you uppity bitch! But that’s o.k,  lil’ sis’ stepped right on in and made up for the six months worth’a pussy you shorted me on. She gave it to me good too. Didn’t you baby girl? And in return, I gave you your first taste of some real dick!” Tico smirked and laughed.
“What you gave me was HIV mutha’fucka! You gave me HIV!” Letah screamed at the top of her lungs as she started to weep.
We all stood in silence as the smirk on Tico’s face slid away.
>>>>>>> Read more of
THE CHANCE SHE TOOK 
( The Chance Series – Book 1 )  at

www.1koleblack.com

Other exciting novels by, 
Kole Black!

*THE CHANCE SHE TOOK

*THE RISK OF CHANCE

*THE GAME OF CHANCE

* CHANCE & DRAMA

*END OF ALL CHANCE

>>>>>>>
Here is another short story from
Kole Black

BLOWN AWAY


No textbook at the police academy could have ever prepared me for this one.

 I could see a cashier standing behind the counter. She had her hands up in the air, but I really couldn’t tell where the person was standing that had the gun. A six foot tall ice cream display obstructed my view. But as I inched closer, I could see yet another cashier who had been shot in the chest. She was slumped over inside the open ice cream freezer, half alive and gagging meaty blood clots into a five gallon container of French Vanilla. 

The sign beside her said *Pick your favorite combination* 

I guess the flavor of the month was going to be Blood Over French Vanilla.

My hand began to shake as a huge white Airforce One gym shoe stepped down into the girl’s blood that had began to trickle from alongside the freezer and pool on the floor. The shooter was finally in my line of sight. 

At last, I could see him pointing and gesturing with his weapon, prodding at the cashier with the barrel of the gun. The cashier pressed a button on the cash register, and the money drawer popped open. 

The gunman then slid around and pushed the cashier aside, hurriedly reaching in for each denomination, as the cashier began to weep and beg for her life. 

POWWW POWWW
The shooter fired two rounds up into the ceiling, blowing out the overhead lights. The frail middle aged white woman shrieked underneath the dust of cascading plaster.

"Bitch... I told you to SHUT YO DAMN MOUTH." He shouted, cloaked in a black hoodie. 

His eyes were focused down into the cash drawer. I couldn't get a clear fix on his face. I thought he may have been distracted enough for me to come in and get the jump on him, but I couldn't be sure. 

My gaze shifted slightly as the sound of approaching sirens grew. I let out a tiny sigh of relief. The cavalry was on the way, but I couldn't wait.   So I took a deep breath, and said a quick prayer as I crossed my heart, and rushed through the door, flinging it open. 

With my gun aimed center mass, right at his heart, I positioned myself. 

"Freeze... Drop your weapon... Drop it.... Do it, now!!!" I yelled, startling him. He looked up at me, and flinched, causing his finger to nudge the trigger. 

POPPPP!!!
A blast sounded from his gun, sending a bullet directly into face of the 2nd cashier. She instantly fell backward and began gurgling on her own blood. He looked down at her in complete shock. You can see this type of thing happen a thousand times, but it never loses its sting.

"Drop the gun! ...Do it, now!!! Drop it! Drop it!" I repeated, firming my grip. But he kept the same catatonic stare, like he never heard me at all.

"Drop your weapon... Now! ...I won't say it again!!!" I shouted at him once more. He ignored me. 

Now, by this time, I had already seen him blow two other people away. I would have been a damn fool to just stand there and let him make me into victim #3.

 I knew I had to shoot him.

 The lump swelled in my throat as I lined up the sight of my gun, and braced myself. Sweat seeped from my palms at the grip, forming a perfect stream that trickled passed my wrist, along my forearm and down to my elbow where it released itself as a droplet. I could’ve sworn I heard it splash onto the floor. 

And he raised his head, causing everything around me to stop and restart in slow motion. In a moment of absolute truth, he paused, finally looking up into my eyes. 

My mouth became unhinged. I sucked in a Panic-stricken breath as the hood fell away from his head, giving me a clear view of his face at the exact second that I was about to squeeze the trigger. 

And I stopped, as he backed up against the wall short circuited by disbelief. We were both stunned. 

Slowly, I began to lower my weapon, dazed because of who stood in front of me. It was my best friend's fifteen year old son. I felt like I had been thrown into an icy river. I looked back as several more units arrived outside, and screeched to a halt. The blue lights of the white patrol cars flashed as his mother walked through the door followed by three other officers.

"It's over now... It's okay... Drop the gun... That's right, baby.... Put it down.... I'm here... Mama is here now..." She said, walking slowly toward him. 

Her badge gleamed on her chest against the dark canvas of her navy blue shirt like the light of The North Star. 

I let out another sigh of relief when he lowered his gun, and dropped his head down. But...

Just as quickly as the boy was calmed by the soothing sight of his mother, all of a sudden, that same sight seemed to reignite a fiery rage. 

Again, the boy raised his gun and aimed it. With a bitter cold, he stared into the eyes of the woman that birthed him.

"Baby, no..." She pleaded softly as she stood in the middle of the bloody mess her son had created.

"I hate you, I hate you... I hate you." He cried out loud, in a pained anguish that can hardly be described or imagined. 

Murmuring the same thing again and again, the surface of his index finger slowly pressed itself against the gun's trigger.

"No, NO, no, NO, no, no, NO, no, no, no, NO, NO!!!" I Begged, along with every officer there, inside and out, who could see what was about to take place.

 And, then... BANG!!! 

Just like that... It was over!

The glossy white tile, once so spic & span and clean, was now stained in crimson blood spatter. My best friend slumped to the floor. 

As the boy released his grip, the pistol dropped to the floor, sending a percussive sound reverberating throughout the aisles of the small convenience store. 

I lowered my gun and I ran over to him.  A powder burn sizzled the skin on the middle of his forehead. A tiny billow of smoke escaped where the bullet had bore a hole straight through, leaving a single hollowed out circle. The back of his skull had been blown completely out, leaving his brains hanging from his head like limp linguini noodles. 

He stared up at me with those wide innocent eyes that seemed to sparkle, even in death. I took him into my arms and held him, placing my hands softly down over his face, closing his eyes for the last time. His mother moaned grievously, still on her knees behind me as a swarm of paramedics and police scurried into the blood bath. I was blown away!

I killed my godson.
>>>>>>>
For rest of the story, read…
CINCINNATI’s FINEST:

Book 1 - Crime, Punishment & Passion –

Book 2 – Above the Law, Beneath the Sheets –

Book 3 – Internal Affairs –


www.1koleblack.com
