Chaos
A Mitch Crowne short story
Written by: MacShayne
(2018 re-issue)
Copyright Page
Copyright 2018 by MacShayne. Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015 by MacShayne. Original Edition
Edited by: MacShayne
Coverwork by: MacShayne
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons (living or dead) are coincidental.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share this story with friends and family, although I’d appreciate it if they would download a copy themselves. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes only, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favourite eBook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Discover other titles by MacShayne
Mitch Crowne (book series)
1. The Drifter
2. Manhunt
3. A Dangerous Man
4. Killing Crowne
5. Perfect Enemy
6. Cold Case
Other Books
Once Upon a Time in Navajo
Table of content
Chapter 1: Crossroads
Chapter 2: The Little Yellow House
Chapter 3: What We Don’t Know
Chapter 4: Brotherly Connection
Chapter 5: Cherish Your Sins
Chapter 6: Homecoming
Chapter 7: Down Falls One
Chapter 8: Damsel in Distress
Chapter 9: A Knife in the Ocean
Chapter 10: Where is the World We Deserve?
Chapter 11: A Fiery Thunderbolt
Chapter 12: Eye Of the Storm
About the author
Contact me
Chapter 1:
Crossroads
Moscow, Unknown Prison, 4 January 2010
‘Legends are creatures that either make the tale or are the tale. Every tale is based on a specific character that understands it all. That kind who lives above the law, the kind that practices his own law. Maybe that character by the lack of a better word is the law. Do you think you are a legend? Do you think that you are the law? Because when you killed one of my dearest friends, it sure as hell looked like you practised some kind of law. Not ours, here in Russia, we have a government elected for that department. Last time I checked, America has the same. So what does that make you. A person without country? Please, enlighten me’, Groyetski told to the prisoner that was sitting opposite him.
Ivan Groyetski was an elder secret agent that dedicated his life in capturing Russian state enemy number six. The person that was known as one of America’s best assassins came to Russia, killed an American ambassador and a Russian minister. Groyetski used to be an athletic and tall man. However, since he was cripple during one of his missions, he lost height as well as muscles. Now that his nemesis was imprisoned, he was about to retire. Groyetski led an attack on one of his enemy associates called Jeremy Clegane. His attack squad was killed, only he survived. 
‘With the lack of a good explanation Ivan, I am what you always dreamed about, maybe still dream about. You know, when you work for a government, you stop thinking and only do, in the positions we call or in my case called work. Or duty? But, let me say that I stopped giving a shit when I stumbled into something. Something I couldn’t’t just ignore, something you will never know about’, Mitch told Ivan in a normal and sharp tone. 
Mitch Crowne didn’t speak for three months since the trade. He was traded for Eveline Turner months ago. Since Mitch was already imprisoned by Americans and became untouchable, the Russian secret service took Eveline Turner. The person that was able to track and trace Mitch and eventually capture him. Eveline Turner is a highly decorated agent which made her the perfect bargain to get the fugitive who was presumed death multiple times. Groyetski was at the scene when the trade was done by the two secret agencies that were involved. One was an American agency within the CIA. The other was a secret Russian agency programme that operated in the shadows. To protect the president, he himself didn’t knew about the existence. 
Mitch Crowne was approximately 1.87 metres long and weighed now 85 kilogram. He wore a grey jumpsuit and was cuffed on both his wrists and feet. This was the last day he would spend imprisoned in Moscow. Tomorrow, he would be transported to a maximised security prison in Siberia.
‘You know what Mitch, you seem to be a guy that can keep a secret. This week I’ll quit the job. You were the only person I still had on my list you know. 2001. Nine damn years ago you killed yourself into my life and now I can finally tie this up. Thank you for that.’
‘Thank you for the appreciation Ivan. Really appreciate your interest in me. I mean, I have no experience in wasting so much time since I never needed so much. Is that how you guys operate? Every target one agent.. for life...? No wonder you lost the cold war!’
‘I am way too old and wise to discuss these irrelevant and childish subjects with you Mitch. Thought you were better than that. Never said a word for three months. Don’t you feel dry in your throat? Or is it already filled with shit.’
‘Ivan, Ivan, you’re right. So start fucking asking the right questions!’
‘The syndicate, as we call it’, Groyetski said while waiting patiently for Mitch to start talking. Mitch began to laugh. Ivan sighed deeply as he looked at the exit. ‘Mitch. Tomorrow you’ll go to a place that doesn’t offer the same circumstances as here. You might want to do me a favour, and I might do you a favour’, Ivan said irritated. 
Mitch grinned. ‘Go f*ck yourself.’
Ivan stood up and looked down at the person that still intimidated him. Mitch Crowne was a legend. In the world in the shadows, his name was on top of wanted lists throughout the whole western, Asian, African and Australian part of the world. Since Mitch went rogue, the CIA had to open up about the assassin for their foreign partner agencies. Before he left the room, he took a last look at the person that would always be named together with his own career. 
‘I don’t know what your motives are Mitch. Never cared either. But, you have valuable information about an organisation that might help you to the good places in hell. I suggest you start using them.’ Ivan concluded before the door was opened. Before he disappeared in the hall he was interrupted by Mitch.
‘You better watch your back Ivan. They come for you and from my point of view, you’re going to have a short retirement.’
Quibdo (Colombia), Restaurante Cocoa Gourmet, 1 January 2010
Since Hungary 2007 (A Dangerous Man) he disappeared off radar. Jeremy Clegane was a tall slim man with blonde hair. He used to work for the British government and eventually married another secret agent named Ayda Houser (Killing Crowne). Ayda Houser was about 25 centimetres shorter than him. She was more skilled in combat than Jeremy. Jeremy was a skilled gunman and one of the best hackers in the world. 
Jeremy and Ayda eventually ended on Bora Bora where they tried to have a normal life. They stayed on the island for almost two years until both were so bored that they decided to take private contracts. No question asked, targets were taken out by the team. Only targets that of course concerned criminals. Eventually he received a phone call to do a friend a favour. Which he accepted. Before the heat was on to them, the pair disappeared again in 2008. 
They were waiting for dinner and talking about the city that they arrived in today, Quibdo. A population that was estimated at approximately 100.000. It was raining today but, both Jeremy and Ayda didn’t’t care about weather. Then again, this area was known for its extremely wet and cloudy climate.
‘Don’t you think it’s beautiful?’, Ayda asked Jeremy while dinner was served.
Jeremy looked up and noticed that Ayda was smiling. She was looking at the locals that didn’t’t even ran through the streets. ‘In Europe they would run like little mousses you know’, she mentioned.
‘That sounds like a long time ago to me’, Jeremy answered while zipping his Gin Tonic.
‘Do you miss it?’ Ayda asked while she faced him. ‘I mean, the job, the adrenaline and the beautiful London.’
Jeremy grinned. ‘I never really was a city boy. You know that. And I don’t miss anything. All I need is sitting at this table.’
‘You’re so bad at being Mr. romantic Jer’, she said while laughing.
‘Or, you don’t have a clue what romance is. I was good back in the day.’
‘You weren’t’t. Or did you always put the females in danger and then saved them to get their attention.’
‘No, I only picked you out of the water.’
Both laughed. ‘So now that we both know that something, I mean some people don’t fit in well, what will be our game plan Jer?’
‘We need one alive’, Jeremy answered while the waitress came at their table. She put a tissue on their table and left in a hurry. ‘Wait, you...’, Jeremy said before he saw the text.
‘What does it say?’, Ayda asked after a few seconds.
‘Someone asks us politely not to waste body bags’, Jeremy said as he threw the tissue back on the table. 
‘It’s Mr. Raymond’s signature. What does he want from us. How did he find us?’, Ayda wondered.
‘I don’t know, but, it seems that he has a job. That includes one of our old friends.’
‘Indeed. Does this mean we have to work together again with that scumbag Mitch?’
‘I’m asking myself if he betrayed you. Since you know stuff that is very useful to someone like Raymond.’
‘Can’t be true. He already knows what I know.’
‘Is Mitch up to something?’
‘What I’m asking myself is if we should even consider being interested. Working for Raymond means conflict. Conflict means that we risk our freedom.’
‘This answers one of your previous questions perfectly, doesn’t’t it?’, Jeremy said.
‘We don’t owe him nor Mitch anything!’
‘Mitch is not the one asking. So if Mr. Raymond wants us to help Mitch, than he really needs Mitch. This could be a simple job. Like a holiday trip.’
‘I don’t like Mitch.’
‘He’s not that bad. He’s just.. Mitch...’
‘He killed the vice-president Jeremy, without hesitation or regret.’
‘More like executed in front of everyone.’
‘So, are we interested?’
‘We are’, Jeremy concluded before both stood up and walked to the only other tourist looking guys in the restaurant. ‘Hello, want to join us for dinner?’, Ayda asked while Jeremy stood next to her.
Santa Domingo (Dominican Republic), Downtown 11 January 2010
Sandra Barros was 33 years old and living together with her fiancé Frederic Lauverré. Lauverré was of French descent and two years older than her. The two met by accident at a Black Eyed Peas concert. Sandra was 1.62 metres long and weighed 57 kilogram. Sandra is of Croatian descent and has lived in this country since 2005. She has short dark brown hair with a bob line. 
She also has one daughter and her name is Mia. Mia was ten years old and looked a lot like her mom. She also had thin eyebrows and the same eyes with dark brown hair. Neighbours mentioned that the older Mia became, the more she looked like her mother. The three of them lived together in one of the outskirts of the city in a bigger than average house which was owned by Frederic.
Frederic was 1.74 metres long and a successful entrepreneur. He became rich as stakeholder in a few gambling sites that became enormous popular since the beginning of the decennium. He has adopted Mia as his own but, somehow he never became her guardian. Sandra never opened up about her past and Frederic respected her decision. He did know that it was somewhat traumatic. And he loved her anyways, as long as there wasn’t another that she was waiting for. Sandra lived in a huge apartment downtown when they met. Which she never sold. 
The three of them left his Mercedes SLK. The sun was shining sharp today which doesn’t’t occur that often. It was 29 degrees, a little above normal (24 degrees). They were going to a travel agency to plan their trip to Czech, a country where Frederic’s sister lives. Sandra and Frederic walked into the store while an old brown crown vic stopped opposite the street. 
It was driven by a Latino male in his early thirties. He had curly black hair in a ponytail. He also stepped out of the vehicle. He walked towards the Mercedes dropped his wallet. While bending over to pick it up, he placed a sender beneath the car. Thereafter, he continued walking south where he stepped in another, newer crown vic that was driven by someone else that wore a suit. 
‘Do you have a tail’, he spoke in fluently American.
‘The package is sealed’, a third person in the back said.
Moscow, Unknown Prison, 4 January 2010
While Mitch was escorted back to his prison cell, a female ranking officer followed him into his cell. She had dark brown hair. It was cut short and she had blue eyes. She had full eyebrows and spoke Russian in an accent. Mitch guesses it was Czech or Slovakian. She took position behind Mitch. They were only with the two of them in his cell, very unusual for any prison standards.
‘You must be a very special person Mr. Crowne’, she said in an almost whispering voice. Mitch didn’t respond. ‘You were the only living person that exposed a little bit of a secret organisation that has been operative since the beginning of the early nineties.’ She placed her hands on his shoulders and lowered her head to Mitch’s left ear. ‘What would you do if you’d be free tomorrow? Would you simply disappear, or follow your instinct. The hunger, does it still drive you to bring them down?’
‘Your deep undercover, whoever you are. Get to the point before I blow a whistle.’
‘You only blow things up, we both know that. My superior ordered me to check if you still have the fire to do what you do best Mr. Crowne. We know you’ve received some specific treatments the last three months. Are you up for it?’
‘I don’t seek employment. Does your employer always hire such beautiful people?’
‘The question is, do you still like to bring down scum. No strings attached. We only supply you with information.’
‘Like I said. I don’t seek employment.. But, I might get bored within a few weeks.’
‘I take that as the right answer.’
‘Did I pass the test?’
‘Which test. You’re on death row inmate!’, she said as she slapped him in his face. ‘Be prepared, accidents still happen’, she said as she left the room. 
Kudiivka (Ukraine), Remote Road, 5 January 2010
Jeremy and Ayda arrived in Ukraine two days ago. They were send to be at a meeting point called Kudiivka at 5 January eight o’clock in the morning precisely. Kudiivka is an area close to the Russian border. In the time they had, Jeremy and Ayda visited the city Kharkiv and made some arrangements. 
Besides visiting the opera, they bought artillery and body armours, new phones and false identities. Just for pre-caution. Eventually they arrived at the meeting point four hours earlier, to scope the surroundings and to create a getaway route. 
In the mean time, Mr. Raymond was flown to the meeting point by helicopter. For him it was priority to unravel the secret organisation in order to stay alive. He was an FBI Most wanted fugitive and former CIA operative that had been linked to numerous terrorist attacks and organisations. He arrived with his bodyguard Dembé one minute after eight. 
Ayda stepped out of the vehicle and walked towards the helicopter. Unlike Jeremy, she knew Mr. Raymond in person. Ayda wore black safety boots and dark blue jeans with a leather black jacket. Mr. Raymond wore a dark blue coat, a black hat and khaki trousers with brown polished shoes. His eyes were hidden behind sunglasses.
‘A pleasure to meet you once again Ayda. I knew you and your husband couldn’t’t resist the temptation of an adventure. Did you came prepared?’, he asked.
‘You know that I come armed at such a meeting. To be honest, there’s a red dot on your heart as of now.’
‘Jeremy Clegane. One of the best hackers in the world. Who would know that he can hit targets from a mile away. You know Ayda, I don’t mind it at all. I would be very displeased if you guys just showed up as the happy couple. Shall we go down to business?’
‘Business as usual Mr. Raymond. Or should I call you by your real name.. Reddington?’
‘You just have to listen miss Houser. I need you to break out a familiar person.’
‘And why would we help you? Why do you even consider hiring us. We’ve been out of business for a time now. Perhaps, we’ve became a little rusty.’
‘Yes you are. But, you know what.. I rather pick two unboxed lone wolves with the love and professionalism of a married couple than just a team of mercenaries.’
‘Do you mind if I didn’t understand anything you just said?’
‘If you break out the target’, Raymond receives a document from Dembé, ‘You will never have to worry about money ever again.’
Raymond hands over the document to Ayda and walks back to his helicopter. Ayda opens the document but, looks up as Raymond walks away. ‘Where are you going?’
‘Everything you need is in that file miss Houser. All the instructions are there. And you also don’t have to worry about the money. It has been transferred a minute ago before you took the document. Don’t disappoint me.’
Moscow, Unknown Prison, 5 January 2010
Mitch Crowne would be sentenced to death. That was the only fitting punishment to his actions. He had been tortured for three months and below his face he looked like a monster. He was hanging cuffed in a shower cabin. Prepared for the trip to Siberia he was told. Mitch knew that he would never see Siberia. Siberia is for common criminals. Normal killers. Not for people like him. He would go somewhere else. A place where they would perform a last type of torture on him to get answers. It was the place Groyetski mentioned in their last conversation. Mitch Crowne had scars from stabbings and electrocutions and scars of burned flesh over his body. Only his face was spared. Of course they beat him a lot, he broke his nose, but, if you don’t want your captive to die of torture, you should not focus on the head too much. 
Mitch was dreaming, he never dreamed. It was about a programme he signed for back in the training days. It was a substance that they injected in him. He wasn’t even strapped in a chair. He let them inject the substance willingly. First it was his nerves system that changed. His pain level increased so much that he couldn’t feel anything unless it was a broken bone. After his first two years of service he received the opportunity to be selected for a new programme. He took it. This time they injected him with other types of substances. In his dream it was a sixty year old male that was looking at the progress. They called it LARX experiments. Mitch was informed about a rogue assassin that he was going to eliminate. The doctor, who’s face happened to be scrambled in Mitch’s dream was mentioning behaviour modification. Then the room was filled with water, lots of cold water. Then it seemed like the water was also electrifying. To Mitch it felt like a massage. That was, until a light began to burn. His eyes began to hurt and that was when he woke up...
‘Good morning mister Crowne. Enjoying your stay for now?’, A Russian guard said.
Mitch looked up. He could see his half long brown hair for his eyes. He spit on the ground.
The guard was not pleased at all by this action and moved forwards. It was his colleague that told him to get away from Mitch. ‘You could get yourself killed Gustav!’, his partner joked.
‘Gustav, a 1.87 metres long former soldier followed this order but, kept looking at the person in front of him. Mitch Crowne was 1.88 metres long and when he came in, he was a muscled machine. Everybody was impressed. Now, Mitch had still an impressive build. He almost didn’t eat or drink, but, he trained as a robot in his short cell.
‘Are you team pussy?’, Mitch said with a grin.
‘Shut up scum!’, Gustav said. Laughter could be heard from his partner. 
After a minute Mitch spat on his back. ‘There was a bug’, he said with another grin.
‘For f*ck sake. Mads, I won’t tolerate this!’
‘You sound like a little sissy bitch!’, Mitch said. Making him more angry.
Gustav walked towards Mitch and punched him in his stomach. With fulfilment he began to grin. Mitch also laughed. ‘Was that it?’
Gustav punched a few more times until Mads calmed him down. Gustav turned around while Mads came forward out of the corner. Mitch didn’t’t hesitate and grabbed the chains. Within seconds he had his legs curled around Gustav’s neck and broke it within three seconds. Mads attacked Mitch but, was too late to safe Gustav. Before he himself got killed, the room was filled with eight armoured guards.
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home’s office, 6 January 2010
Mr. Home had been working for the CIA since 1983. There were a lot of background stories circulating around about him. Like everybody thought Mr. Home was a code name because he was working at the CIA headquarters. His full name was Richard B. Home. Mr. Home. He was 67 years old as of now and not likely to retire very soon. Especially now that he was overseeing a secret co-op with multiple other foreign colleague agencies. He was dying his hair black to look younger, but, his forehead was covered in wrinkles. He looked like he was almost eighty and his voice was so deep after years of smoking, that even Joe Cocker had a far less raspy voice. His office was almost complete empty and spotless clean. He liked it that way. It was in his eyes a sign of professionalism. 
He was sitting behind his desk and opened one of the locked drawers. It was only filled with a huge book. A photo album. He opened it and looked up a few persons. One of them was George Dreyfuss, former colleague and war buddy of his who was now retired. The last thing Dreyfuss did was arranging the trade between Eveline Turner and Mitch Crowne. Both person’s were also in his album. Mitch Crowne was a person he highly respected, maybe even envied for his talent set. But, he ultimately became an enemy of the state. A shame. Mitch wasn’t only very gifted with skills, he is also very intelligent with an IQ estimated at 134 before his training began. 
Richard Home put the book away and watched at a video. The American agent he chose to be part of the co-op was Eveline Turner. She was going to be introduced to the operation by George Dreyfuss who acted like a father for her ever since she was brought in the CIA to replace enfant terrible Mitch Crowne. 
The task force existed out of six agents, two field agents, four highly skilled operatives. But, somehow he thought that this would become a disappointment. This task force needed people with a different type of mindset to really become a danger for the secret organization they wanted to expose. Maybe it wasn’t such bad news after all.. Richard dialled a number while sighing deeply. He called his Russian equal to inform him about his pick.
‘We’ve chosen Eveline Turner. She will have to work together with Gustanso from our British colleagues in the field. I already informed the other’s. I also heard rumours that you decided to pick Ivan Groyetski?’
‘Yes we have. Will that be a problem?’
‘Of course not. If you have your best trust in an older agent, it’s fine with me.’
 ‘Was that all?’
‘No, we have reasons to belief that the enemy is preparing an attack to free and kill Mitch Crowne.’
‘Wouldn’t that be a shame.’
‘I also have deeper intell.’
‘Is that so?’
‘It happens today.. Don’t lose him’
Moscow, Unknown Prison, 5 January 2010
Ivan Groyetski walked towards one of the five inmates that was going to be transported. Four of them were just regular agents that posed as an inmate. Ivan knew it was to ensure Mitch arrival at the end destiny. But, he had to have some final words with the man who had so much answers.
‘You know where this is going, right?’
‘‘Guess we both know I don’t get to enjoy Siberia.’
‘Well, it’s all too late anyway. I thought you might want to know you have a brother.’
‘I don’t have family.’
‘Yes you have. His name is Robert McEachran. Thought you deserved to know before you go out.’
‘There’s a mole. Keep your eyes open Ivan. Nobody can be trusted.’
‘What!?’, Groyetski asked mesmerized as Mitch entered the bus. He turned around and managed to say one last thing before he was taken further into the bus. ‘Alan Fitch!’
Penza (Russia), Near the Main road, 6 January 2010
After their meeting with Raymond Reddington, they had to step in their car and race towards a town called Penza. This would be the only place the information was sure about where the criminal transport would pass. 
When they opened the document, they found a picture of Mitch Crowne. Where they first thought the mission would include him, it really was about him. The mission was to free Mitch Crowne out of a protected criminal transport convoy and to take him out of the country.
Jeremy and Ayda arrived at the address that was given in the instructions also. Of course they did not take any risk in order to prevent running into an ambush. After all, the pair only trusted each other. There were a lot of questions such as why Mitch Crowne had to be freed. If a man like Reddington wanted Mitch out prison, it meant that it was more bad outside than inside. Normally. But, both Jeremy and Ayda knew a little more about this case. That was probably the only reason why Reddington hired them. 
‘So, you think Reddington wants Mitch out to go after the secret organization. That’s what I had in my head’, Jeremy said.
‘I think that if he wants to release Mitch, he’s becoming real desperate or has a huge plan behind it what we don’t know.’
‘We do this job, I mean I checked, we have the money already.’
‘Have you transferred it already?’
‘To the last penny. Un f*cking traceable now.’
‘What are we going to do next?’, Ayda asked.
‘We already found out the last couple of years that you need money to survive a disappearance. Now that is covered, there are no strings anymore to leave it all behind’, Jeremy said.
‘And what about missing the action? Like you mentioned in Colombia..’
‘A pack of lies. I don’t miss it at all. I enjoy life far too much to miss blood, bullets and death bodies. And we both now that you either die or life long enough to turn bad in this world were in.’
‘I love you.’
‘I love you to Ayda’, Jeremy said before they made out.
Ayda ended their passionate moment after two seconds. She put a finger on his lips and looked him in his eyes. ‘First, we have to finish this one babe.’
‘You’re right. We need to focus. Then we settle the score with him’
‘Huh, what do you mean by that? You already helped him out a few times. Remember Hungary?’
‘Well, it wasn’t for him at all. It was the first time the lad showed some emotions. He saved a young mother and her daughter. That’s not settling a score where he saved our lives and gave us a free ticket out.’
‘Fucked up this. We owe a madman. But, really, what will we do after this?’
‘I don’t know. Maybe a place further down south, where the sun shines more brightly, cool drinks are served.. I don’t know the names and players...’, Jeremy answered.
Chapter 2:
The Little Yellow House
Near Penza (Russia), Just before the intersection, 6 January 2010
Mitch Crowne was thinking about the moment he last saw Sandra and Mia. He left them permanently in one of his apartments in Santa Domingo and promised Sandra he would never return. It was likely that he simply wouldn’t make it. But,, he hadn’t foreseen his end as it now appeared to be. Simply, by being tortured once again. Mitch now had a brother, his nemesis Groyetski mentioned. Robert McEachran. Did that mean his mother was alive also? The mother he never had?
Mitch was looking through the bars. This area was completely remote. He hadn’t seen one simple house for a few minutes or so. The surroundings made him think about his journey in Denmark and the Netherlands. The only difference were the road conditions. This road wasn’t even marked on the sides. It was just one huge line of tarmac. The look of despair, a novelist might describe it. 
However, Mitch liked that at both sides of the roads, were lines of trees. Like this was a gate towards a different world. Which it was. Mitch sighed deeply as he closed his eyes. He knew that his time wasn’t up. But, he pretended it was. It made him think about his last few conversations. Especially his conversation with Edward Stiles (Manhunt).
Flashback: Gozo, Stiles’ mansion, Mai 16 2009
‘Didn’t think I could shoot Mitch?’
‘Like father, like son Stiles.’
Mitch walked towards the lethally wounded man that once betrayed his father. The look of defeat was a look Edward already was accustomed to. Mitch would be the person that ended his glory. Mitch’s knife appeared in his right hand while Edward, feeling his survivor’s instinct once again, said his last words.
‘Mitch, we’re just the beginning’, he said before Mitch dropped to his knees in front of him. ‘You, you have.. a sister... brother..’, he said while his eyes grew ad Mitch’s knife slit his throat.
Mitch opened his eyes again and saw from a distance a traffic sign. Camapa, was 428 kilometres away from this intersection. It was a town or city that he would never see. Mitch suddenly reminded himself of a few things. He had still this fire left inside of him. He had clues. Robert McEachran could be the brother Stiles’ spoke about. But, he also mentioned there was a sister. Mitch would never become a family man, but, now it finally grabbed his curiosity. Like he still felt the need to expose a group of liars that he got close to in 2005. His business was finished just yet. He could still do what he does best. 
He saw how the bus left the main road. This was the third time. Precaution he thought. But, Mitch also knew that the person that needed him out, was not joking around either. Everything is connected and it all leads back to one organisation he does know. The C.I.A. The place here it all began... And he had a name, Alan Fitch.. But, to get the name, he had to pay a price. That price might be the death of one of his former associates whom he met in London. 
Mitch watched a seagull in the sky flying over. It looked like one. But, as it came closer to the bus, it became clear that this wasn’t an innocent bird. Mitch began to laugh, he broke into laughter which irritated one of the guards that were posed as inmates. Before the guard could hit him, Mitch seemed to have un cuffed himself. Then he hit the guard on his Adam’s apple, killing the man instantly. The other guards left there seat but, Mitch took cover behind the guard’s corpse that he just killed. Now, he was the only person who hadn’t unbuckled himself. 
Near Penza (Russia), Just after the intersection (direction towards Konstantinovka), 6 January 2010
Jeremy Clegane and Ayda Houser drove to a nearby community in a car, which they found at the address the file handed to them by Reddington led them to. Jeremy was a fan of a few videogames. But, to fly a real drone was something new. There was a risk attached that this thing could kill everyone inside the bus. He had to trust on his own instincts as on his wife’s as Mitch’s. 
They arrived at a little yellow house near the main road which was described in a new document. This document was also found in the house in Penza. The yellow house was almost completely empty. There was only a desk and a new document. The third document showed a map, a route and three possible timelines. But, it was certain that the bus would pass this house. 
Jeremy opened his suitcase and attached a joystick and a usb device. The usb device was needed to pilot the drone. The joystick, how simple it sounds, was to plot it manual. Since the target was moving at a speed above 120 kilometres an hour, manual was the only option. Since the object was a bus with almost no weaknesses, bullets and weapons just wouldn’t do the job efficient enough. 
Ayda prepared herself by combat training. She used bags filled with hay to practise her skills. Not to use them for this mission, but, to stay focussed. Ayda always needed to empty her mind before the action would start. It made her weightless as she described it. Like she would enter a state where she could do the impossible. A few times she looked at her partner. Jeremy was outside making the drone operative. Jeremy looked in shape, which didn’t matter to her in anyway. She liked him more for who he was than what he was. And it was likely the same for him. 
Ayda punched the bag so hard that it tore apart. Jeremy stood up and looked at the window. He must have heard it. He shook his head and smiled. Ayda lifted her shoulders and grinned. Jeremy kneeled again while Ayda went to "their " suitcases. One was filled with bottles of water. She took two bottles and went outside. She threw one to Jeremy who was able to catch it without looking behind him. With his left hand!
‘Nice catch darling’, Ayda said before she began to drink.
‘You know, I think I would be hell for lots of pitchers.’
Ayda almost choked in her water. She laughed while shaking her head. ‘You wouldn’t stand a chance.’
‘Aahhw, why so negative love? That doesn’t suit you’, he said while standing up. Then he walked towards her. He stood still about half a metre away from her. ‘Doesn’t suit you at all’, he said before he kissed her on her lips.
‘Ready for the party?’, she asked after he broke their kiss.
‘Always.’
Santa Domingo (Dominican Republic), Downtown 19 January 2010
He was 1.65 metres long, an immigrant from China that was monitoring this operation. He worked for a special and, you guessed it, secret department within the CIA. At least, that is what his background information said. He was not older than 25 years and has been working in the field for quite some years now. He already became the supervisor of a highly skilled team of youngsters. They were one by one selected from all over the world to work for an agency that said to be working with the C.I.A. 
His Mexican colleague was send to this city to trace a couple. To trace two persons in special. Her name was Sandra Barros and her daughter was called Mia Crowne since 2006. There were reasons to believe within the agency called: Cell 0080, that these two individuals were in contact with an extremely dangerous and wanted fugitive that was known as Raymond Reddington. It was believed that these two were like family for him. They could be used as leverage.
Both females left the country with a French immigrate two days ago towards Czech and wouldn’t be home for quite some time. The Chinese, as his codename simply was, had a German name. His name was Karl Oberhausen while his Mexican partner’s name was Carlos Juan. Their cell was completed by a female from Africa and another male from Iceland. Karl was their leader. 
They were in the house owned by Frederic Lauverré. Carlos Juan bugged the house with best devices possible while the other two filled the place with explosives that could be detonated at distance. Sometimes, Karl had his doubts by the work they performed. But, those times ended two years ago when they were all injected by a substance that would decrease the hurt they experienced. The hurt that was perfectly human as their superior said. 
Near Penza (Russia), Just after the intersection (direction towards Konstantinovka), 6 January 2010
The drone was flying circles above the intersection when the transport bus that carried Mitch Crowne appeared in a distance. The bus was on its one to prevent attracting to much attention. There were however, a few security cars driven by secret service agents five minutes behind and in front of the bus. So, Jeremy and Ayda had to act efficiently and perfectly. 
 Jeremy behind his monitor, could see the flashes of a few gunshots. Which meant that Mitch made a move at the same moment the escape was planned. Did this mean that Mitch was aware of the plan from the beginning. Jeremy knew exactly what Mitch was doing. He probably unlocked his cuffs and began to attack the guards. Not specifically to kill them, but, so that they unbuttoned their seatbelts. Which meant both Mitch and Jeremy still had lots of trust in each other’s capabilities. Jeremy made a long circle with the drone that must have looked like a seagull from a distance and went right for the side window of the bus. Just at the same moment it collapsed against the armoured window, it exploded. The bus tilted from its left wheels and slid a couple of ten metres further before it stopped.
‘Ayda, you’re up!’, Jeremy yelled as loud as he could.
At the crash side
Ayda was waiting next to the road and saw how Jeremy’s plan worked perfectly. It was never his intentions to stop the car by letting the driver hit the brakes. This was indeed far more efficient. Unless, the asshole inside was death. Ayda sighed deeply. ‘Machines don’t bleed..’, she said to herself.
‘What?’, she heard Jeremy’s voice in her ear piece.
Ayda ran towards the bus and climbed on top of it. The top was the left side of the bus in this case, since it was flipped over. She weld open the door and saw both driver and co-driver laying unconscious above each other against the right door. She crumbled inside the bus and saw four more bodies laying against the right side of the bus. ‘Damn, we’re they all death?’, she asked herself. Then it occurred to her that one man was still hanging in the seatbelts. Ayda took a picture and before she could put the phone away, the person cut himself loose and fell on his feet. It was a beast, yet again. Thinner than she remembered, a little older, but, still the same person was hiding behind all that facial hair.
‘Isn’t that a surprise’, he said.
‘You lost some muscle Mitch. How was your little vacation?’
Mitch walked towards her which caused her to grab her weapon. Mitch didn’t stop and passed her toward the front of the bus. Ayda was overwhelmed by how he stank. ‘You need a shower, damn you stink!’
‘We don’t have much time, move those feet Ayda!’
‘Hey! Normal people say thank you. You know?’
Mitch stopped climbing and looked straight into Ayda’s eyes. Did she meant that? Does she account him normal people? What the f*ck .’Thank you’, he said sarcastically. Then a grin appeared on his face as he climbed further. Ayda followed his example. Mitch offered her a hand to get out faster which she accepted. 
‘No car?’, Mitch wondered.
‘Follow me!’, Ayda insisted.
Jeremy grinned in his chair as he heard the conversation between Mitch and Ayda. They didn’t like each other. Unless their lives depended on each other. Jeremy lit up the gear that he used and started the vehicle. 
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home’s office, 6 January 2010
Mr. Home wasn’t expecting a call from Russia until the meeting regarding the co-op in New Orleans. He was again looking at one of the pictures. It was a way for him to remember where he came from. It was a last sign of gratitude and respect to those that were killed or probably going to be killed for the greater good. Then his phone rang. 
‘Didn’t expect you to call back’, Mr Home said, ‘Did he escape?’
‘Who escaped?’, his Russian colleague asked fierce.
‘Haven’t I warned you earlier today?’
‘We have bigger issue’s to deal with Richard. Mitch told my agent something.’
‘Can you be more specific?’
‘Alan Fitch. Does that name ring a bell?’
‘You have to take him out Cherikov.’
‘He’s one of our best assets. I chose him for the co-operation. How can I possibly allow that?’
‘Just do it. Immediately! Before the word goes out!’
‘What do I get in return?’
‘I want in. On everything. Not negotiable.’
‘Let’s talk, in person. But, after you deal with this unpleasant news! Understood?’
‘No talk, I said my terms.’
‘Before you can get in, you have to understand. I can’t talk over the phone.’
Chapter 3:
What We Don’t Know
Near Penza (Russia), Just after the intersection (direction towards Konstantinovka), 6 January 2010
Jeremy Clegane was waiting for Ayda and Mitch since his successful drone attack on the bus that transported the later. The sun was slowly disappearing behind a cloud and in a distance, bad weather was approaching him. He looked at his watch and then to the timer which was attached to the front window. According to his data, they had another four minutes before the backup car would be able to alarm authorities. 
Twelve seconds later, Ayda appeared in the rear-view mirror. She wasn’t injured or bleeding which meant she did well. After all, radio contact was lost just after she talked to someone. And that someone was Mitch Crowne in the flesh. He appeared shortly after Ayda from the bushes. Jeremy started the car. He had a last look at Mitch. Mitch used to be more muscled than he appeared now at this moment. Jeremy knew what could be the explanation for his figure change. But, still, Mitch’s appearance showed no sign of body fat, he was thinner, looked fit and dirty at the same time. He may need a shower or five very badly Jeremy thought. He laughed before his view was blocked by Ayda.
Ayda opened the trunk while Mitch stopped running. Ayda grinned a little while Mitch approached the trunk. Much to Ayda’s dismay, he stepped in without asking a question. Mitch sighed deeply as Ayda was about to close the trunk.
‘You always step in so easily?’
‘Close the trunk Ayda. Time won’t be on our side.’
‘Well, you must like the shadows badly’, Ayda said a little irritated. She liked to tease Mitch a little. Just because he would probably outmatch her at anything. She didn’t like that.
‘I call it home’, Mitch whispered before the trunk was closed.
Jeremy heard what the two said. He grinned a little. Ayda was a kind person. She was perfect for him and he liked to think that he was the perfect fit for her. She understood him and he knew her thoroughly. They spend their lives in one world but, have both accepted the fact that they have their own separate worlds to deal with for the rest of their lives. No questions will be asked about these worlds that they refer to as past. The past will always follow you, no matter how hard you run or how well you hide. 
Mitch Crowne was the living example of that. He was a master in hiding but, never really run away from his past. Just accept your sins and move one. But, be smart, don’t take things for granted, don’t let the unexpected kill you. It’s what Mitch once said. Also, enjoy the road you’re on. You never know when it’s your last. The last part is what Ayda added when they talked about the only figure that played a part in both their deep secret hidden world, the past. But, now, something told Jeremy that Mitch Crowne was written all over their future. 
Ayda got in the car and before she even closed the door, Jeremy hit the gas pedal and the BMW he nicked in Ukraine was speeding away. Ayda looked over her shoulder at the trunk which was filled with their package. Their out way. This time for sure. It was time they dealt with loose ends, to say goodbye to their pasts forever. Would it work? No one knew. 
‘You did a good job Ayda’, Jeremy complimented her, ‘I mean, you haven’t killed him.’
‘Not yet’, she joked. ‘You were wonderful also hun’, she said while kissing him on his right cheek. ‘But, please, keep your eyes on the road’, Ayda said provoking Jeremy.
Jeremy pushed the pedal a little more and turned on the radio to find out if the "accident" was already reported. Ayda put her left hand on Jeremy’s right hand which was on the gear stick. Jeremy looked at her and she looked at him. Jeremy kept staring at her for a little while. Much alike Paul Walker did in the movie 2 Fast 2 Furious. Then Ayda smiled.
‘This means we did our job Jer. Where do we go now?’
‘I could do this forever’, he said.
‘Really, keep your eyes on the road’, Ayda said seriously, ‘You going to kill us if you keep doing this.’
Jeremy turned his head so he could look ahead. ‘I love you love’, he said.
‘I love you too’, Ayda said.
Both looked ahead at this moment while a voice from the back interrupted their cosy moment.
‘Oh, for god sake, just marry the hell out of each other!’, Mitch said in the trunk to nobody.
Texel, near Cocksdorp, 28 December 2009
Raymond Reddington needed leverage against an organization that was known in the "shadow world" as the Cabal. It wasn’t one of some secret organizations that had strings into more than one government, but, the organization that was able to bring him down. One person was able to expose a lesser important organization back in 2005. But, this less important organization was the key towards the Cabal. And Reddington needed this person to get loose and fulfil his hunger for blood. In other words, he needed Mitch Crowne to be released and hunting. A plan to free Mitch was in the final stages. Good in tell informed him that Mitch was about to be transported. The perfect opportunity to break him out. And he already knew who to hire for the job. 
The thing was, Mitch Crowne was a one man army since there was not a government that supported him. He also had a temper and could be described as an incontrollable asset. His mole within the Dutch government informed him about a special task force that was to be created in order to bring down the secret organization which Hailey Larsson (Perfect Enemy) was part of. The six governments that would work together in this co-op knew about the existence but, not that it was only a key towards the organization Reddington competed against. 
So, a lot of secret organisations and no names. Raymond Reddington needed just one name so he could infiltrate the Cabal and get leverage against them. And Mitch Crowne was going to help him. If he would succeed in his vengeance, he may as well find out about the Cabal. But, not knowingly, but, subconsciously. 
George Dreyfuss was sitting on his veranda when he heard the cracks of footsteps near-by. It almost reminded him of the time that Mitch Crowne surprised him a year ago. Well not this time, he never left his glock locked away ever since. Dreyfuss was now 60 years old and almost completely grey. He had a similar face as Richard Gere, only a little fatter and smaller. He was 1.77 metres long and weighed 90 kilos at this moment. He drew his gun and recognized the person that stood in the doorway immediately.
‘Years you’ve been like disappeared. Everybody seems to have unfinished business with you. years I’ve been ignoring everything about you. You know why? Because my department handled assassinations, not catch and release missions. So, Mr. number four on FBI’s most wanted. To what do I owe the pleasure?’
‘I’m glad you are direct George. You see, I have a tendency to dislike people that don’t seem to understand that things aren’t accomplished with stupid questions. Straight forward, not out of shape, a shame they retired you. Where’s a country’s dignity? But, let’s drop the metal. We don’t need to kill each other. I just want to know a thing or two. And, let me explain why. You see, there’s this group of high level people...’ (Reddington explained the one and other about the secret organization and how he planned to bring them down). 
‘You need to lure out his inner hunger for answers. He operates at his own pace and is way too intelligent to let him be used. But, to make things a little more interesting. Make it personal. Like he needs to find out why people want him to take the bait.’
‘Could you be more precisely?’
‘Well, first give the truth. Like the fact he has a brother. Give him the truth and then some more...’
 I don’t say it will work, but, it’s your best chance. Don’t let the lies lead towards you. He finishes off who he thinks are his enemies.’
Red Square, Moscow, 8 January 2010
Ivan Goyetski has planning to retire since he "caught" Mitch Crowne. His job was considered completed. He would spend the rest of his life in the outskirts of Russia where he could enjoy the nature. Something he had looked for since his youth. And he already filled in his papers of resignation when his superior in his last four years made an unexpected call. Somehow, he wanted to meet with Groyetski in person. This always led to a secret mission in the days before he was crippled.
Groyetski left the taxi and stretched his back as he looked at the red square that was ahead of him. Would he miss this beauty that Moscow has to offer? Probably. The Kremlin, Red Square, the agency. He came forward in a disbanded KGB system and became one of the best field agents in the SVR. 
The Red Square was almost complete empty. There wasn’t much crowd at this moment of the day, it was late in the afternoon an already becoming dark. Something about the night attracted him. Groyetski began to walk as he thought leaving the city in three days. He was old in this line of business, maybe should have quit earlier. But, like always, he was interested in what Cherikov had to share with him. Then he was phoned.
‘Yes?’, he asked.
‘He escaped Ivan’, the other voice said.
Groyetski knew immediately who the person mentioned. ‘Mitch?! Escaped?’
‘I’m sorry Ivan. This wasn’t my call?’
‘What do you mean?’, he asked before he saw a flash in front of him.
He should have seen it coming would his instructor say to him. You wouldn’t expect betrayal from your own team, would you? He was probably going to say. “Expect everything, be one step ahead. Use the shadows, don’t let them use you, would be the answer.”
Groyetski saw his life flashing by in one and maybe two seconds. In the middle of the red square, on his way to Cherikov, a new mission? One bullet missed target and entered his stomach. Before he died he thought about what Mitch mentioned. "You’re going to have a short retirement." Groyetski remembered how Mitch sighed afterwards and looked concentrated. He knew this would happen. Then the second bullet ended his life. It cracked his skull and pieces of skull and brain splashed in every direction...
Semiglavyy (Kazakhstan), Unknown Road, 7 January 2010
After a three hour drive they stopped to release Mitch from the trunk. Then they switched cars. Mitch hotwired a car and the three drove towards Kazakhstan. Mitch already was informed about who ordered his break out and where they we’re going. As soon as they were in Kazakhstan, they could get Mitch away from Russia within an hour. 
Eventually they passed the border with the three of them disguised as someone else without much trouble. Mitch didn’t say a word at all since he was told about Mr. Raymond until now. He was thinking, the whole time. What were the connections?
‘You need to stop the car Jeremy’, Mitch interrupted their conversation about an rogue American agent called Jack Bauer. Some thought he died, some believed he just simply disappeared.
Both Jeremy and Ayda were surprised by the fact that Mitch began to talk.
‘What do you mean? We informed you about what was going to happen. You agreed with it.’
‘Don’t you two see where this is going? If we show up at the meeting point, a fire squad while be awaiting us.’
‘You talk shit’, Jeremy said.
‘No, I think he might be right Jeremy’, Ayda unexpected agreed with Mitch.
‘Wow, did you two agree without having a word?’, Jeremy asked sarcastically as he left the main road. They were now heading for a village that was called Semiglavyy.
‘You guys have been paid before you delivered anything. That’s not quite standard’, Mitch said sharp. ‘You two are professionals. Didn’t you have the slightest doubts about this thing?’
‘I did. I don’t know why, but, in my opinion, our job was just to release you. Mr. Raymond didn’t ask specifically to bring you to him. But, why go through all the trouble?’, Ayda asked.
‘Maybe he has to settle a score. Maybe you know something valuable. Mitch?’, Jeremy said.
‘We need to take matters into own hands, that is what I think.’
‘Uhh, excuse me. We?’, Ayda said irritated.
‘Everything is connected. We need to find out what his role in all of this is. I don’t say Raymond is our enemy. But, we have to rule out that possibility.’
‘You can do that yourself Mitch’, Ayda answered sharp. ‘We we’re out, you said so yourself Jeremy.’
‘Mitch has got a point love. What if something bigger is at stake? We might all be targets.’
‘But, we were supposed to be death, no one knows we’re alive.’
‘How do you think Raymond found you Ayda. Because your death? You both are already exposed to the world you tried to leave behind. I see only one opportunity. You have to help me figure this out.’
‘Where do we start Mitch?’, Jeremy said interested.
‘You already agree with him? What is wrong with you Jeremy?’
‘What if he is full of shit!’
‘Right, can you be more convincing. Just a little?’
‘When I killed Anastasia back in 2005, I found something in her car. A document that was allocated to Hailey Larsson. Everything in it was about a programme called Larx and its sub-programme Blackbriar. I was mentioned as well. But, there was a link to another person that I was unable to uncover’, Mitch lied.
‘You can’t just find a ghost that isn’t even in a system Mitch’, Jeremy concluded.
‘No, you can’t. As I said everything is connected.’
‘What is your next move Mitch?’, Ayda asked.
‘I need to be sure of something. It might be connected, it also may be a decoy. A trap.’
‘Is it personal?’
‘Listen to me carefully. If we stay together our chances at survival are shortened. I still own a few hide-outs. You can keep a low profile there until I contact you.’
‘Where for?’
‘To pick me up.’
‘Where do you go? Where do we go?’, Ayda asked.
‘First of all, give me a phone. Second, get to Iceland. I’ll text you an address. It’s one of my personal hide-outs.’
‘Damn Mitch. How many do you own?’
‘Enough to disappear in every corner of the globe. It’s an insurance. Property like that doesn’t lose worth.’
‘How can we trust you?’, Ayda asked calmly.
‘You have to know, I don’t know what this thing is or leads to. You must fully understand that it’s your own choice, I won’t be accountable for your own bad luck.’
‘You know Mitch, it excites you, doesn’t it? Pissing off people.’
‘I just don’t make promises I can’t deliver.’
‘Like saying goodbye or something?’, Ayda said with a grin.
Mitch also grinned. ‘I recommend some warmer clothes.’
Chapter 4:
Brotherly Connection
Parking lot, Sheriff’s Department, Sennen Cove, 19 January 2010
What would you do when you find out you have family that you never knew about previously? Not like a distanced nephew but, an estranged brother or sister? Would you like to find out if that’s true or just a fairytale? And what if it may be in connection with something even bigger than your bloodline? Maybe that estranged brother or sister had answers for your unanswered questions. Mitch wondered who this Robert McEachran might be. Did he need him in order to bring down something bigger. Something that was known as the secret organization from the beginning. Was Robert McEachran a trap or was he real? Mitch needed to know. Because if he was real, he would be in great danger when the wrong people would find out. And even though Mitch had no sense of responsibility for almost anything, he sure as hell disliked the thought that people were killed because of him. 
Mitch left Kazakhstan by taking a boat towards Azerbaijan. He arrived in Bakoe at 9 January and stole a vehicle. It was a grey Opel Astra. Mitch changed the license plates with ones he bought earlier in a garage that was located in the suburbs. Soon he left the city and drove towards Cherbourg-Octeville (France) in five days. Each of these five days he drove twelve hours. He passed Turkey, Romania, Bulgaria, Slovakia, Czech and Germany before he arrived in France. Eventually, he arrived in the neighbour of Sennen Cove two days ago.
Robert McEachran and Deputy Christina Carter were standing on some kind of podia when Mitch walked into the crowd. He made sure that his appearance wasn’t too much giving away. Sheriff Larsen was killed, that was where this meeting was all about. Jeremy Clegane had informed Mitch a day ago about the unsolved murders of a few young females in this area. Jeremy also connected the sheriff to all of the unsolved cases which was enough for Mitch to have a talk with Larsen. Last night he drove the sheriff off the road and made him confess on tape. 
Robert McEachran was a good looking man, a little more handsome than Mitch would be on his best days. Robert had short hair instead of the longer locks Mitch had. Robert wore suit pants and a black winter jacket. He had the same eyes as Mitch. Mitch recognized a few similarities in him. The eyes, eyebrows, colour hair and voice.
Mitch wore jeans, cowboy boots and a black leather jacket over a white sweater. He also hid his eyes behind sunglasses. But, Robert eventually laid his eyes on him and kept staring at Mitch for a while. Until he sensed that Christina couldn’t get out of her words. Robert took over and before he was finished, Mitch decided it was time to go. But, while Robert was talking, Mitch put off his glasses and Robert and he had for two seconds eye contact. He knew enough. The possibility that he just saw his brother was serious. And he wanted to give this lad at least a hint of his existence.
Mitch stepped into his British sports car and drove away before Robert could make it past the crowd. In the rear-mirror view, Mitch saw that Robert didn’t see him leaving. Unless, no, he couldn’t have seen him stepping in the MG. The MG was a rental by the way. The Opel Astra was left behind in France. While Mitch was leaving Sennen Cove, another car was parked in a street on his right. Mitch hit the brakes and saw eventually a suspicious person that was looking at a little house. This wasn’t were Robert stayed, but, Robert worked together closely with the female deputy. Was there already a party that found out Mitch was here? Beside the government?
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home’s office, 7 January 2010
Mr. Home was polishing one of the pictures that were hanging in his office. It was a picture of him and his former superior. The person that was his superior nowadays is the assistant director of central intelligence. Home was selected for this position out of nine candidates. His superior noticed Home’s work ethic and devotion to the "greater good." 
Home then texted his wife that he was coming home and would cook for the two of them. He didn’t have many hobbies, but, something in cooking made him feel more relaxed. Like he could pause his thoughts for a moment. The need to fulfil his duty. Everything went blank as soon as he opened the recipe book. 
Everyone should have at least one hobby that empties their head from all the stress and problems they deal with daily. A hobby where a human can come to itself and find the drive to march on. Home used to do lots of fishing in his spare time, the sort of time he lost when he got in this position. Now he had to deal with assassinations and secrets that came along with them that even the president of the United States sometimes wasn’t even aware off. 
This task force was one big failure in his opinion and it hadn’t even been operative just yet. It shouldn’t be. It cost lots of money from six different countries, money that could be spent much more useful for something else. Home also knew that the co-op this task force was created for, had to fail. If the truth came out then hell would break loose. Home was confident that it would be impossible for the task force to break down the walls of the secret organization. Back in 2005 it may have worked. But, since that time things changed a lot. However, six agency secret agents may not be able to expose even the slightest detail, but, an individual that was driven by something far more dangerous might be able to expose just enough for an even greater evil to tear everything down. This greater evil was a former colleague of Home named Raymond Reddington. The individual that might be the key to their downfall was Mitch Crowne. A simple foot soldier turned rogue that had nothing to lose. Well, then you have to give such a person something to lose. 
Home was about to enter his black Audi Q7 when his cell phone began to vibrate in his right pocket. It was a secret number. The kind that is connected via the oldest satellites possible. Not a smart phone indeed. A phone you use to be poorly untraceable. There were two types of people that used this devices. The once that battled the shadows and the ones that operated in the shadows.
‘What do you want? Unless you have something good, I suggest you stop wasting your breath.’
‘The net is slowly closing you in and you know what is funny? You don’t know that there’s even a net.’
‘How are you so sure Mr. Reddington. I’m in this game for as long as you are. I know things.’
‘Of course you do, but, are you prepared for what is to come?’
‘You’ll never find what you want Reddington, you will always have to look over your shoulder.’
‘What if I told you it’s not me that has to look. I promise you Home, a storm is coming your way.’
‘And I’m prepared to chase it with the right tools.’
‘He will never stop until he’s death.’
‘What makes you think it’s me he’s looking for? Maybe he knows why you helped him escape. Just, to safe your ass.’
‘I don’t think you understand the situation very well.’
‘Oh, and I think I do. You see, I made some arrangements. For his wife and brother.’
‘Splendid. Now that I know you’ll even motivate him more, I can enjoy this delicious white wine much more better. Good luck Home. In the end, it’s all about the game we play.’
‘Maybe to you it is a game, for me it’s national security.’
‘Don’t be so naive Home, do you still believe in that fairy tale? When it comes to national security, you’re as crooked as all of us. The question is, can you handle the fact there are no rules. It’s not just the game you see, it’s the light that always seems to win. And since I’m the bad guy and you’re the good guy, you have to ask yourself a little question. Who has more to lose?’
Home didn’t answer the question. he hung up and stepped into his car. He looked at himself in the rear-mirror and thought about something more attractive. He thought about his beautiful wife. Sure she became older but, so was he. The two of them met at high school and married when they both were twenty. Than his daydream was shortened when he was called again.
‘Mitch Crowne escaped’, A Russian voice told him. It was Cherikov. ‘But, you followed my instructions to capture his woman. That should be the leverage that offers us a chance to put him down ourselves.’
‘I know’, Home answered. ‘And again, I’m sorry one of your cousins had to die when Mr. Crowne decided to safe that bitch. But, it was good intell.’
‘Groyetski is dealt with.’
‘When can you come in. We have to talk.’
‘Do I have to cover myself?’
‘It has to look like a common visit.’
‘In two weeks.’
‘Make it fast. Things are getting serious. A lot is at stake.’
Sheriff’s Department, Sennen Cove, 22 January 2010
Mitch knew he was taking risks to stay this long in this remote area. But, he had to find out if the person that was wandering through the village was hostile or just a stalking creep. Mitch stayed during the day at Trevedra farm and returned to Sennen Cove during the night. It had been a few days since he killed the sheriff who really was the serial killer his brother was trying to expose. However, Mitch knew that his time was running out and that his presence was not a secret any longer. So tonight would be his last night, and for Robert and Christina, it was just good luck that Mitch broke one of his own rules. Staying longer than two days at the same place. 
Mitch broke into Robert’s truck and put the proof in his console. When another car showed up at main street, Mitch closed the door and took cover. Before he realised what was going on, shots were fired. Mitch grabbed his knife and walked towards the police station. No one was inside, so he went into the sheriff’s office and found Christina’s weapon. Mitch looked at the map for a moment and made an educated guess where Christina would set up an ambush to overpower the shooter. Mitch ran towards the South West Coast path towards the North.
Eventually he witnessed how two persons were hiding and a third was about to shoot them. Mitch was fast and efficient. He shot two times, both hit target. Mitch did not waste any time and ran back to the police office. In order to give Christina a possible explanation for the shoot out and it’s ending, he put the gun on her desk after whipping it clean. She would get the hint. Mitch then ran towards main street and went off road next to the Old Success Inn. He knew that someone could see him leaving town. And it was crucial to him that he could make it unseen out of here. He stepped in his car after an hour and drove away. He just saved his brother’s life. 
Parking lot, Sennen Cove, 23 January 2010
Robert McEachran stood next to his car. After his conversation with Eveline Turner, he may as well lost his ability to think straight for a short time. That he was going to leave first thing in the morning was a fact. But, would he appear in Disneyworld three days later? And would he bring closure to the family of Wendy Chaplin? 
Eveline Turner (Manhunt) was sitting next to Gustanso (Perfect Enemy). I haven’t formerly introduced these persons. Eveline Turner is an American. She was selected by Mr. Home for the co-op as the American agent. Eveline Turner also worked as government assassin as replacement for Mitch Crowne. She was the one that brought him one year earlier. She had shoulder length dark brown hair and is 1.77 metres long and she weighed something near 64 kilogram. Gustanso Anderson was the British agent selected for the co-op. He had African roots. He was 1.73 metres long and excelled in mixed martial arts. He had blonde hair. He is former MI6.
‘He looked just like Mitch, didn’t he?’, Gustanso asked in his gentle voice.
‘I still wonder why we need his brother?’
‘Who made him a priority? Wasn’t it your direct superior?’
‘That doesn’t answer the question. How can an attorney possibly make a big difference?’
‘The first thing that popped into my head was leverage. Something tells me we aren’t working to bring down the syndicate, but, to hunt Mitch Crowne once again’, Gustanso thought out loud. ‘We barely missed. The next time he’s ours. My guts tell me he has information that will help us’, he continued.
‘Maybe that’s why we have to get his brother on board. Mitch isn’t the man you get to talk. But, maybe his brother will be the key. What really annoys me is who could have possibly help Mitch escape? I mean, there is no country that supports him, right?’
‘So I’m not the only one that feels to be kept in the dark’, Gustanso replied, ‘There’s this female hacker that worked together with him back in 2005. All I know is her name and what she can do. But, helping Mitch escape.. in Russia... I doubt that.’
‘We need to find her, she might be helpful.’
‘Her name is Shelley.’
Egilsstaðir Airport, (Iceland), 23 January 2010
Jeremy and Mitch arrived in Iceland a few hours later. They had talked about Robert McEachran and about what happened in Sennen Cove. Jeremy also explained that he and Ayda found out that Sandra Barros was now living with a different surname and had a fiancé. The two of them also talked about how Jeremy arranged the plane, which was a long story. He had to hack into the flight registers to find out where on this island a private jet was being unused for the whole week. Long story short, it brought him to this small airport.
Egilsstaðir is a remote village with only 2250 inhabitants. However, it’s still the largest settlement in the Eastern Region. Mitch and Jeremy walked towards a grey BMW M5 which was driven by a female. Of course that was Ayda.
‘She’s on time’, Mitch said impressed.
‘She’s a professional Mitch.’
‘Have you thought about a way to disappear Jeremy?’, Mitch asked friendly.
‘Did you just sound like a friend? normally you have this whole feeling less undertone. I’m proud of you Mitch.’
‘This only means I’m getting a little reckless.’
‘No, you’re getting older. I don’t know what they did with you but it seems like you become human again. Just a little’, Jeremy joked.
‘Don’t push it. I need my rage.’
‘For what?’, Jeremy asked as he got in the co-driver’s seat.
Mitch took place behind Ayda. ‘For survival’, Mitch answered.
Ayda grinned and Jeremy shook his head. Mitch thought about what just happened the last couple of days. He wasn’t used to having friends or family. Did he now have both? Sandra was using his family name nowadays and found happiness herself. That was a good thing. He could have seen it coming. Once you’re related to Mitch, you’ll be in danger. Ayda and Jeremy were talking to each other about going to Asia, they named a few places to go but, Mitch didn’t listen. 
‘Could I use one of your phones?’, he asked.
‘Who in the world is expecting a call from you? But, sure, here you go.’
‘Is this one...’, Mitch was interrupted.
‘I’m one of the best hackers in the world Mitch. Of course it’s not traceable.’
Mitch dialled a number, but, the person didn’t answer. That was a good sign. It meant that his brother wasn’t completely different after all. He was cautious as well. Mitch tried again, this time he picked up. However, Robert didn’t say a word.
‘Robert McEachran’, Mitch said.
Robert didn’t respond for a few seconds. ‘Can you be more specific?’, Robert answered.
‘You solved a case and can’t proof it...’
‘Do you think so?’
‘I know so. You did well, that’s why I offered you a little help.’
‘Who says I need help?’
‘The law.’
‘Who are you? Were you at the dunes that night?’
‘Just take a look in your console and enjoy. If it weren’t for you, those girls would’ve stayed un-avenged.’
‘Why don’t we meet? And discuss this in person? I want to know who saved my ass out there.’
‘Just know, Robert.. family comes first...’, Mitch said as he threw away the phone.
Jeremy and Ayda we’re laughing a little until Mitch threw away the phone. 
‘What the f*ck man. It was encrypted. Which means you didn’t have to throw it away.’
‘I Know.’
‘Do you have any idea how long it will take a normal person to manipulate the satellites? To f*cking install such technology? Jesus!’
‘I do not have such detailed statistics Jeremy’, Mitch said as he sighed. ‘But then again, you’re not the average hacker are you? Besides, I don’t like me being laughed at.’
Chapter 5:
Cherish Your Sins
Ruse (Bulgaria), 11 October 2008
Approximately 74 kilometres south from Bucharest and 200 kilometres from the Bulgarian Black sea coast is the fifth largest city of Bulgaria located. The city’s name is Ruse. Ruse has Bulgarian most significant river port and serves as an important part of the Bulgarian international trade. The population is almost estimated at 150.000 (only the city) of which 90 percent are Bulgarian. 
Mitch Crowne was briefly contacted via an encrypted message that one of the few people he was in contact with (Sandra) received shortly after the events in Killing Crowne. It was coming from Eastern Europe. The message included a date and a time and place in this city. Mitch would never go along with what he considered a huge risk. But, this time he made an exception. That is because the contact mentioned the word Blackbriar which Mitch only knew to be a programme he was selected for.
Once he arrived in Ruse he was shortly picked up by a female taxi driver who was aware of the meeting date and the code that was I the message. Mitch got in the taxi and let him drive to the meeting place from the main train station in Ruse. The taxi driver was a good looking woman in her early thirties Mitch estimated. She had long brown hair tied in a knot and wore sunglasses that most definitely hide beautiful brown eyes. Her appearance made him think about Sandra. It was the first time Mitch had contact with Sandra since he left a few weeks ago to help Jeremy Clegane. 
‘So what is your name?’, Mitch asked
‘Why must you know sir?’
‘Please, don’t call me sir.’
‘My name is Maria’, she said. 
‘Well Maria, how did you get involved?’
‘I am not a common taxi driver Mr. Crowne.’
‘So I figured. What is your connection to the person I’m going to meet?’
‘We were pretty much the same, only different agencies, different missions. You get the picture.’
‘That’s not an explanation Maria. If you don’t answer the question I’ll leave the vehicle.’
‘She went rogue. I’m the only one she trusts.’ 
‘See, that’s an answer. Maria, you’re doing well. Do you like this city?’
‘I grew up here Mr. Crowne. I saw the world and came back.’
‘Indeed, a real taxi driver.’
‘This car is a little modified Mr. Crowne. Would you like me to show you?’
‘As long as it doesn’t kill me, why not?’, Mitch said with a grin.
Restaurant Shtaslivetsa, Ruse (Bulgaria), 11 October 2008
Mitch arrived in the centre of the city. Maria raced throughout the backstreets of the city and Mitch was a little over impressed when they arrived. He slammed open his door and fell out the car. Maria also left the car and walked towards Mitch, smiling and pleased. Mitch was couching and catching breath as she stopped in front of him.
‘That’ll be twelve dollars sir. Or ten euro’s. Whatever you have I’ll take it.’
Mitch, still on one knee, looked up at her and saw her smiling. He took his wallet and gave her twenty euros.
‘You should put on a seatbelt to next time Mr. Crowne.’, Maria said as she went back in her car.
‘Keep the change’, Mitch said.
Mitch walked towards the restaurant where he would meet the person that appeared to know a lot about his past. The restaurant’s name was Shtaslivetsa. The building was near the regional Historic Museum of Ruse. At this time of the day, it was very crowded. But, the only figure Mitch didn’t understand on the note, was probably the table number. So, he walked towards number 33 and seated himself opposite another female. The female opposite him had shoulder long hair, and wore also sunglasses. Big ones. Her hair was dyed blonde.
‘Mitch Crowne, you decided to come.’
‘I did. Now why should I stay?’
‘Because I feel that you deserve to know the truth.’
‘I’m listening’, Mitch told. 
‘Right. You’re name is Mitch Crowne, born in 1977. I know you’re ID say’s it was 1975, but, it was your brother Robbie Crowne born on 4 September 1975. They changed your date of birth in order to get you in the field earlier. There are a lot of lies and rumours about you.’
‘So, is that all. A date of birth?’
‘Mitch, you, by far, were the youngest field agent the CIA has ever created. They decorated a monster with you.’
‘Thank you.’, Mitch said sarcastically.
‘You were operative in the field from 1998 to 2001. That was indeed the year you assassinated the corrupted Vice-President. Your kill count as normal government assassin is 37. You excelled in gun practice and were taught at least five different combat programme’s and eight languages in only five years. That’s why, they chose you as first pick to catch or kill a different type of government assassin. The type that shouldn’t even exist. You were chosen to kill Jason Bourne. You were about to become everything Blackbriar stood for. And that wasn’t everything. In the midst of the Blackbriar operation, they were working on the real programme that Blackbriar and Treadstone were sub programme’s for. Called Larx.’
‘I recall blackbriar and the name Jason Bourne. He is the one who exposed secrets, well disguised sections within the CIA. I would never kill him.’
‘You wouldn’t have a choice Mitch. Because they did tests on you while you were active for CPU. Tests that the whole Larx thing is build on. It’s called behaviour modification. You even volunteered for letting them test it on you.’
‘As far as I knew, I already didn’t feel anything.’
‘You were wrong Mitch. You did feel something. These tests wiped your memory clean for a part. The part that contains our emotional memories. It didn’t last long because soon you figured out your father was betrayed and killed by his own mates. That’s why there was only one thing that broke the modifications, the need to avenge your father. It is indeed an emotional feeling. And on your long adventure there was nothing that could break you. Because by the time you avenged him, there was someone else you care about. Mia Barros. But, one thing you never remembered was the fact that you also found out that you have a sister. Everything is connected when it comes to behaviour modification Mitch. And you just don’t remember it.’
‘Why do you tell this to me. Who are you?’
‘I am a good friend of Jason Bourne. And much like him, I want you to have your own chance to have a second chance in this life. You say you have nothing to lose, but, you have.’
‘Give me a name.’
‘Nicolette Parsons is my name. Look it up and you find out that nothing I said will be a lie.’
‘I’m not interested in your name. I need something to look for. For if I complete my vendetta against the traitors that eliminated my father.’
‘You’re not done yet?’
‘Name.’
‘Alan Fitch.’
‘I guess that Bourne has arranged punishments for those who were involved? With Blackbriar and Larx?’
‘Mitch, there never was just one. Bourne was the top of the iceberg. But, yeah, they aren’t in the picture anymore.’
‘Thank you for the letter.’
‘Maria would like to bring you away from here.’
‘Bet she does’, Mitch said as he sighed. Thinking about the previous ride.
Monteceito heights (Los Angeles), Shelley’s home, 28 November 2008
Shelley was about 1.64 metres long, had dark brown to black collared hair. She wore blue jeans and a black shirt with a white sweater. Above the sweater she wore a leather black jacket. Since the events in Mitch Crowne III she left England and travelled throughout the United States. She moved from place to place and did some hacking work in order to provide herself of money. 
It had been three years since she entered the shadow world that she was accustomed to now. She witnessed how one of her friends was killed and buried by a complete nutcase of a man. Shelley used to life together with her pets in a remote town in England. But, she knew that she could never go back to the life as she knew it. She sold the house and brought her beloved pets to one of her best friends. She knew that they would have the best home possible there.
In the United States, she met a guy called Ryan who showed her most of the beauty that was in the United States. They travelled together for almost two years until he found out what she did for a living. In order to prevent him for exposing her further, she had to get rid of him. She didn’t kill the guy, she only bought herself enough time to disappear and start all over again in California.
In California, she had already saved enough money to have the life she always wanted. She bought a new cat to accompany her and was dating a local called Frank. The thing was, she began to miss the thrill that she was used to ever since she discovered the computer. Before the events in Mitch Crowne II, she already was an active hacker since her employer fired her unfairly after a few arguments. She got revenge by hacking into his bank account and private computer and exposed his secret relationship with a mistress. She walked towards her phone. On her computer screen were documents about different assassinations. The last one was in Russia. 
Shelley didn’t knew the other person that was calling her. She was about to hang up until the female mentioned Mitch Crowne. Then she was interested immediately. Shelley received a secret phone number that would set up a secure line via an old Russian communication satellite. Shelley knew that Mitch was trying to reach out to her. Before she followed the instructions the female with Eastern European accent told her, she traced the call to Santa Domingo.
Shelley dialled the phone number with her own Nokia 1500 cell phone. She only used the old phone for this sort of occasions. It took her a few minutes to decrypted Mitch code. The number she received wasn’t a phone number of course. It was a decrypted code that contained a phone number. Before she made the call, she hesitated a little. This could mean as well her return into the shadow world. Would it be worth it?
‘Mitch, is that you?’
‘It’s been a while Shelley’, Mitch answered shortly after.
‘To what do I owe the pleasure?’ , she asked interested.
‘I know that you’ve been following my actions for a while. This world is addictive, isn’t it?’
‘How did you know?’
‘Well, not for sure. It was an educated guess. Back at school, the school I went, they taught you really well to look inside other people’s heads.’
‘That doesn’t answer why you contact me. You kept me in the dark back then, why should I even listen to you?’
‘Because back then I simply didn’t require your skills anymore. And you know far too well that being in contact with me endangers your life.’
‘I can handle myself. And Mitch, I like to make my own decisions!’
‘Exactly. So are you in?’
‘Of course I am. Wait, what is it I have to do? I don’t do hacking stuff anymore you know.’
‘I need you to hack into the CIA files and uncover everything you can about a man called Alan Fitch. Also, try to find whatever there is left about a defunct department within the CIA called CPU.’
‘That makes sense.’
‘Can I trust you that whatever you find out, only share with me?’
‘No you can’t.’
‘Don’t play jokes with me Shelley.’
‘What are the chances that this favour will come after me?’
‘The stakes are high. Everything seems to be connected. My past and a lot of things I still need to address. But, first I have to finish what I started in 2001.’
‘I’ll see what I can find Mitch. Be safe. Where are you even going?’
‘Denmark.’
Husavik (Iceland), Mitch safe house, 24 January 2010
After Mitch and Jeremy were picked up by Ayda, they went to Mitch’s safe house on Iceland. This house was located in a small village in the North of Iceland called Husavik. It was an old fisherman’s house with only one bedroom, a small bad room and a living room and kitchen in one. Jeremy already installed his laptop while Ayda used the bedroom as stash place for her weapons. Mitch came back from outside as he discovered Ayda working on her artillery. 
‘Does look good Ayda. Can I borrow one?’
‘Jeremy told me about how you treat your weapons. So, if you promise me to life up to those standards, feel free to make yourself get comfortable.’
‘It’ll be appreciated. I don’t know what it is, not having a weapon feels much like not having clothes on.’
‘I think we reached our first agreement Mitch’, Ayda said as she stood up and gave Mitch the gun she knew he wanted. While Mitch walked towards Jeremy, Ayda left the house.
‘I am ready to track and trace Mitch. Who am I looking for?’
‘Her name is Shelley Loraine. She’s one of the best hackers on this globe.’
‘What do you need her for while you have the best right in front of you?’
‘She has been working on something for me for a while now.’
‘What this thing might be. You know it could kill her, right?’
‘She is a professional. I count on her. I trust her and her skill set. She’ll manage.’
Jeremy typed in a code. ‘I disagree Mitch. You don’t even know yourself what you get us into.’
‘I need to know who’s hunting. I don’t like being the hunted.’
‘What is our play here Mitch. Why do we want to find the persons that hunt you? I don’t want to be selfless but, I tasted life without this crap and I was already beginning to get used to it.’
‘I think I don’t have to explain your motivation Jeremy. But, you’re not a prisoner. help me find Shelley and get your ashes on a plane to anywhere. Just do not contact me ever again. As far as everybody knows, You and Ayda died in Russia.’
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home’s office, 20 January 2010
It was a very unfamiliar phone number that was calling him. Home also knew who the person was. It was his superior and former mentor. He knew that this call was not meant for chit chat. 
‘Things are likely to be getting worse’, Home said in a natural voice without an introduction.
‘What are you going to do about it?’
‘We go against it with everything we have. You don’t have to worry.’
‘My organization traced a very unpleasant person down to California. She broke into the CIA files. This person had a special interest for CPU.’
‘How long has that been going on?’
‘We don’t know. It may as well take years to get everything we have. We don’t know how much this person got to know. Is this individual linked to Reddington?’
‘We will find out. I promise you that.’
‘I know you will. The fulcrum, if it exist may not fall into that man’s hands. You understand?’
Home hung up and looked at his watch. Was this the final act in his life. Would everything be for exposed if Reddington would get something like the fulcrum? Who was this damned hacker. California? If finding Mitch Crowne and dealing with that damned task force wasn’t already enough...
Chapter 6:
Homecoming
Husavik (Iceland), Mitch safe house, 24 January 2010
Mitch was standing in the bathroom. He looked at himself in the mirror and examined his appearance. His stay in Russia had left it trademarks on his body. But, the only scar he had on his face was the result of something that happened in his youth.
When he was twelve years old and living in Hungary just before his father died, he got himself in trouble with a group of locals. One of them lured him out his house and into the woods. There he was trapped. Mitch got hit with a stick on his left eye. The stick hit his face on his left eyebrow and beneath his eye. It was a miracle they didn’t hit his eye what possibly could have left him blind. Eventually he paid all four of them a little visit that same week. They all ended in a hospital with broken bones. The only other scars he had were covered by his hair. They could only be seen once he cut his hair real short. That was a result of a bar fight when one of his classmates hit him with a beer bottle. That person ended up expelled after he received a beating by Mitch.
Mitch opened the left drawer and picked up a scissor to cut his long hair. Eventually after eight minutes, he grabbed his razor to shorten his hair to millimetres. He applied foundation on his face to make him look more like he was on holiday. He finished his look with a Yankees cap and wayfarer sunglasses. He wore shorts and an blue/white Hawaiian shirt to dress the part. Jeremy almost didn’t recognize him when they passed each other in the door opening.
‘You sure that will get you in?’, Jeremy still asked.
‘They will never expect me like this, wherever that may be, Jeremy. I think I look the part. At least, long enough to get passed airport security.’
‘I think there’s something missing’, Ayda said while entering the house, ‘By the way, nice look.’
‘Thank you’, Mitch responded with appreciation.
Ayda walked towards Jeremy’s suitcase and picked up Jeremy’s IPod.
‘What is that?’, Mitch asked.
‘Jeez, you know everything about martial arts and.. never mind... It’s a mini walkman. It’ll suit you just well.’
‘Hey, I liked that one’, Jeremy said.
‘So, if I take it, he will be pissed?’, Mitch pointed is left thumb at Jeremy.
‘He’ll get a better one.’
‘Aah, why not. How does it work?’
‘A person of your stature will find out himself. This is the play button. Good luck with it’, Ayda said with a grin.
Santa Domingo (Dominican Republic), Downtown 26 January 2010
Sandra and Frederic returned home after a few days. Mia met for the second time Frederic’s sister and got along with one of her new nieces. Sandra was asked a lot about her family and she mentioned her brother that died two years ago. Mia almost caused trouble since she was about to tell about Mitch like he was Sandra’s former boyfriend and who she considered to be her father. Sandra was in time to prevent that from happening by overruling her in that conversation where she told how fond Mia was of her uncle. Sandra said it with a wink that was enough for Mia to understand what Sandra meant.
Eventually, the three of them returned to the Dominican republic. It was Mia that caught an Chinese guy and a Mexican following them for a while. Sandra was able to see an earpiece and within a second she reminded herself of a conversation with Mitch. People that wear earpieces are bad news unless they wear a suit and sunglasses. Than they were real pain in the ass. As Mitch referred to secret service agents. These were not agents, they didn’t fit the part. Frederic became a little irritated when Sandra ignored his questions about what was wrong with both her and Mia.
Eventually Sandra instructed Frederic to take Mia home. Sandra explained that she needed to go to her apartment. She used Mia as excuse to prevent Frederic for insisting to go together. Mia reacted as Sandra hoped, so Frederic agreed to take Mia home. Before Frederic and Mia left the airport, Sandra got herself a rental and followed the other two from a distance. It didn’t last long before she spotted one man in one of the cars that were following Mia and Frederic. It was the Mexican. But, where was the Chinese looking guy?
Sandra knew what to do. Before Mitch had left, he told her how she would be able to alarm him. She went to her apartment and activated her laptop. The only remaining thing she didn’t bring along to Frederic’s. She wrote a short story called "Where are you now?" that was a few sentences long. Mitch told her that he would look at a specific site everyday and if that story popped up, he would respond. 
Sandra then left her apartment and returned the rental. When she was walking to one of the city busses that would bring her near to her home, she had the feeling that she was being followed. maybe it was the paranoia that she used to have a few years ago that kicked back in. Something wasn’t right, but, what had brought them to her? What did Mitch do that they were interested in her? But, she knew that this meant trouble. She needed to get home as soon as possible and get away immediately afterwards. 
Monteceito heights (Los Angeles), Shelley’s home, 21 January 2010
Shelley broke in to the security systems of the CIA one year ago. That was just the beginning. The secret files were hidden in a series of encrypted codes. And not the codes you just break by trying. Shelley had to gather some of the most advance technologies in order to stay unnoticed for as long as possible. Like drilling through a thick wall without making too much sound. It took her five months to build a highly advanced decrypting computer that would only work if she had someone cooperating with her from the inside.
The last part was almost impossible to arrange. So she had to blackmail one high classified technician. She did this by picking the right victim. The person that had something to hide. One of them had ties to a North Korean contact in China which made it easy for Shelley to find her target. She never met the man in person, only via the computer. Before he agreed to cooperate, she had to extinguish his bank account, expose one of his private contacts and she mentioned the name of his contact in China. He was trapped and the technician decided to help her, only once. He created a window in which Shelley was able to decrypt the last password in order to get to the CPU files. 
She never contacted the technician again and began with her investigation into the CPU files. It took her the last two months, almost three, to get through all the files and their passwords. Shelley’s time was running out and she got to know everything about former agents, links to other secret programme’s and eventually, key persons in the web of lies. All of this information was put on two usb sticks that she also protected with the most advanced protection that was available to her knowledge. her own. 
But, then she made one little mistake with one of the last files that may be a direct link to the name Alan Fitch. This file contained information about a certain person that was according to the file mentored by Alan Fitch. This meant that Alan Fitch existed. This meant that whatever Mitch was hunting, was deeply hidden within the world of Criminal Intelligence. Mitch would have to take it up against the best known Criminal Intelligence Agency in the world. But, when she opened the file about this very person, she lost her protection within the CIA system. Which made her visible as a treat to the CIA. That was one day ago...
Shelley put the two USB sticks in her jacket. One of the USB sticks was made by herself and had a protection layer so that it would be untraceable for metal detection equipment. Shelley found out that the person that assisted her breaking into the defence systems of the CIA was already killed. It was the last thing she was able to find out before she opened the hatch that lead to the sewer system. She saw glimpses of the team that had located her. She also could flee a little earlier, but, then she would be unable to set the files on the USB sticks. Which meant all the work was for nothing. She knew Mitch would’ve never approved her actions, but, she self knew that it was necessary that the truth reached Mitch. Shelley discovered detailed information about the secret organization that included Hailey Larsson. But, that was just the beginning of what she really found out.
Husavik (Iceland), Mitch safe house, 25 January 2010
Jeremy was still trying to locate Shelley when he suddenly noticed a false CIA report about a former CTU agent called Jack Bauer. This article itself was declared false but, it was written by an author that used the name Whistler11101977. Normally, it wouldn’t say a thing. But, Jeremy immediately saw the figures in that order and linked it to Mitch’s birth date. This couldn’t be coincidence. The account was made five days ago from an IP address that was in California.
‘Mitch, who can possibly know your real birth date?’, Jeremy asked while he found out what the address was of the person that posted the false file.
‘Besides the agency, only Reddington and a damn good hacker I think.’
‘What do you think of this?’, Jeremy said while showing the false file.
‘It’s false. Jack Bauer hah, the man saved numerous life’s. What a way to treat your heroes. The author used my date of birth. I think this is a call for help. Or a damn good trap.’
‘Would she be good enough. I mean, did you let her break into the CIA files?’
‘The secret files’, Mitch added.
‘Impossible...’, Jeremy said. He couldn’t believe somebody from the outside could break into the single most protected online defence system.
‘Well, Jeremy, I think you’re not the best hacker. At least not in this world.’
‘What will you do?’
‘It looks like I’m going home. Do you believe in coincidence?’
‘Do you?’, Jeremy counter asked.
‘Can you arrange me a flight ticket?’
‘You know I can. But, Like me, you must also know it’s a one way ticket.’
‘I Have a way out. Get me a ticket to Los Angeles. By the way, where’s Ayda?’
‘She keeps talking about making arrangements. Too be honest Mitch. I will guide you in Los Angeles, then you’re on your own.’
‘There’s one thing you need to help me with. She probably has a safe house. Whatever she has, she did not hide it in her exposed home base.’
‘Did you have that much trust in her?’
‘She’s a survivor. I don’t trust her. But, I do trust her capabilities.’
‘Mitch, your flight is today. This passport will get you through security. But, I don’t know if you make it to the exit. That’s the risk of the job.’
‘Indeed. And you, don’t miss your flight.’
‘I won’t.’
‘Send my regards to Ayda. We probably won’t see each other ever again.’
‘We said that earlier, remember?’
‘I hope this time it’s the truth. Your too rusty for this work.’
‘You’re not at your best either Mitch.’
‘To be honest Jeremy. I never was. I’m reckless. That’s all.’
Jeremy and Mitch shook each other’s hand before Mitch left the safe house.
Fredericksburg (Virginia), Former CPU safe house, 28 January 2010
Eveline Turner, Gustanso Anderson and Robert McEachran arrived at a remote house in a small city called Fredericksburg. This house was a former CPU facility where files about their own personnel was being kept. The house is located outside the city and is surrounded by electricity fences. Almost all the data has been destroyed and put into a computer database. The same database that was hacked by Shelley. The remaining files were just too big to put into the computer efficiently and were still on paper. 
Gustanso stayed behind in what seemed like an old canteen while Eveline while Eveline asked Robert to follow her to the basement. Eveline showed Robert where he could sleep, where he could eat, where he could clean himself up and eventually there was one room locked that she opened for him.
‘What is this?’
‘We need you to know every detail about Mitch Crowne. You said you liked to read didn’t you?’
‘Yes I did. But, how does this help at all?’
‘You must look at the files. A new set of eyes, a different wired set of eyes. Maybe you find details that we have missed’, Eveline opened the door and both stepped inside.
Robert was still carrying his coat in his hands. He was wearing a blue suit with brown leather shoes. He wore a white blouse beneath his jacket and his hair was perfectly done. This room was filled with eight desks put against each other, a few leather seats, two bureau lamps and lots of paper work was spread on the desks. There were also boxes filled with maps laying scattered through the room. 
‘This is everything we have of Mitch Crowne. From his birth to his last mission.. Is in the maps. ‘
‘What is this, all of this’, Robert corrected himself while he picked up a paper.
‘This, is everything we have about Mitch Crowne after his last job. And what we think is the most relevant to what we need.’
‘Gustanso’s voice could be heard downstairs. ‘Look’, Eveline started. ‘You need to work through this and try to detect anything that could lead us to either Mitch Crowne or the persons he was trying to expose in 2005.’
‘You’re not completely honest with me Mrs. Turner. And I don’t like that.’
‘We think since he’s broken out of jail, he has continued his hunt for the same people that he went after in 2005. Mitch Crowne is not our priority. But, he may be the key. Or better, do the hard work for us. Do you understand?’
‘I better start with maps, shouldn’t I. To get to know the person better.’
‘I don’t think you’ll be happy of what you find out. About your estranged brother.’
‘I don’t judge him Turner. After all that you have told me, he didn’t quite had the choice to have his own life.’
‘Well, don’t get sucked away in it, right? I need to go. And remember, do not leave this place. You can visit the city if you find the time, but, we need you at a place where we can monitor you. Just for precaution.’
Eveline Turner appeared in the hallway where Gustanso was smoking a cigarette. He was holding his phone and looked up at her when he heard the click clacks of Eveline’s heels coming close.
‘A message from your boss Turner. We are expected at this address’, he said while showing the text he received minutes earlier.
‘I think we are about to meet our new partners. Great’, She said sarcastically.
Palmdale (California), Jack in the Box, 25 January 2010
Shelley made it to her runaway car, a crown vic. She had another safe house that was located in a town called Fawnskin. While it was always warm in California, this time of the year, Fawnskin was covered in white snow. The surroundings made her feel home, like she was still living in Britain. She put her self-made USB stick beneath the floor in her house and left her cat also behind. Within twenty minutes, she had left her second house again and drove away in a North-West direction. 
By now, a cell of highly trained assassins was on her tail with the mission to retain the USB stick with all the information she was able to download. Shelley figured out that she needed to alarm Mitch. There was otherwise a huge possibility that he would never find out where to search. She used her mobile and the USB stick to leak a file about Jack Bauer. It looked false but, it was nothing but, the truth. He almost assassinated the Russian president. She used the author’s name she already created. It included Mitch’s real birth date. It wasn’t much, but, it was the best chance of him picking up the signal without the possibility that Shelley announced his arrival in the United States.
Eventually it lasted another day before she was tracked down. At the time, she was in Palmdale to order food at Jack in the Box. Shelley was filled with adrenaline when she spotted the two Hummers that came from two different directions. Shelley knew that this could mean her end. She left her car in the drive-in and grabbed the foot that was ready for her. She ran towards another car. A faster car. She had to chance cars, else why, it would be too easy to drive her off the road. And she always liked to try out a real American muscle car. She remembered how Mitch hotwired a car in London. It was a Dodge Charger Daytona R/T. Once the car ignited, she was overwhelmed by the sound the motor made. She smiled. At least, she would go out with delight. 
The co-drivers window broke and a bullet hit her almost. Shelley hit the gas pedal and drove away. A second bullet entered via the front window and hit her left shoulder. 
Apple Valley Airport (California), Apple Valley, 27 January 2010
Mitch didn’t arrive in Los Angeles. He took a flight to Las Vegas and made it through security. Shortly afterwards, he stepped in a private plan owned by a Hollywood actor. The plain wasn’t reserved for the next few days. Mitch landed at Apple Valley Airport where Jeremy already had arranged a motor. Mitch was back in the United states. 
Chapter 7:
Down Falls One
Route 95 to Washington (Virginia), 28 January 2010
Eveline Turner was dealing with some serious doubts about the whole operation she was involved in. Somehow, she couldn’t understand why Robert McEachran had to be involved. Sure, he was related to Mitch Crowne. But, Mitch Crowne was not the priority of this task force. Gustanso shared a few of her concerns when t came to Robert. He however, told Eveline that it was her own boss that made that decision. He had asked Eveline if she trusted Mr. Home on which she replied with "yes." 
Eveline was dressed in suit pants with a white blouse beneath her leather jacket. As always, she wore safety boots, also black. Gustanso was dressed in a black coat and grey suit pants. He wore brown shoes and a black tie. Gustanso was driving when Eveline received a phone call. She answered the call but, put it on speakerphone. They were both surprised to hear an unfamiliar voice.
‘Agent Turner, your speaking with Deputy Director Ronald Feenstra of the AIVD. We are the Dutch intelligence agency that are going to collaborate with you. One of the six agencies the task force exists of.’
‘How did you get this number?’, Eveline asked.
‘As I said, we are in this ship together, and I have received news that you may find interesting.’
In the mean time, Gustanso clarified the person as Ronald Feenstra indeed.
‘Okay, what do you have?’, Eveline asked.
‘One of our intelligence agents recently discovered that a person that has the same description as Mitch Crowne has left Iceland. He went to California according to my agent.’
‘That is indeed quite the news Mr. Feenstra. Why did you call me instead of my superior?’
 ‘Well, we are in this together. if he trusts you, I do. And since you already work on this thing for a few weeks with a partner, I suggest one of you goes to California immediately. Only one of you needs to be present at the meeting.’
‘That is where you are?’
‘I arrive in half an hour agent Turner. You should go now, or agent Anderson. No time should be wasted. My plane is waiting on one of you at Turner field. It should be in your neighbour.’
‘Thank you for this intell Mr. Feenstra.’
‘No need for thank you’s. Remember, were in this together. A team. Now good luck and find out what he’s doing in the country he’s most likely to be apprehended.’
‘We will.’
Eveline took the next exit that led to Russell Road, Quantico. Gustanso informed his superior by texting about the appearance of Mitch Crowne and the decision that he and Eveline would split up. 
‘So who’s going to California, you or me?’, Eveline asked him, knowing the answer.
‘Thank you for letting me decide, but, you are on home ground, you go and I’ll attain the meeting’, Gustanso said calmly. 
‘You know, normally I don’t like to have a partner. But, you are okay Anderson.’
‘I also appreciate your presence Turner. Call me Gustanso from now on.’
‘Okay, you may borrow this car. Let’s say we contact each other once I’m landed. That should be in seven hours.’
‘Why would he come to the states? I don’t understand why he takes the risk.’
‘You’re right. Normally it wouldn’t make any sense. But, this is an individual that isn’t normal. He’s unpredictable. And him being in California means that he needs to find something that is only here.’
Turner field, Quantico, 28 January 2010
Sixteen minutes after her conversation with Ronald Feenstra, her plane took off towards Chino Airport. While she was sitting in a chair, she grabbed her phone and called her superior Mr. Home.
‘I’m not going to make it to the meeting. One of our colleague agencies informed us about Mitch Crowne having arrived in California. probably yesterday. I’m going to find out why and where he could be.’
‘Too be honest, I’m a little surprised Turner. But, seen the circumstances, you made the right decision. Keep me up to date.’
Fawnskin, California, 28 January 2010
It took Jeremy four hours since Mitch’s arrival in Apple Valley to uncover from which place Shelley published her article. Mitch arrived twenty minutes later on his motorbike in the area covered in show where Fawnskin was located. 
‘Listen carefully to me Mitch, you have little to almost none time at all. It took me four hours to work my way through her redirections, but, I used an average computer. My guess is that when Langley discovers her identity, they will know about this address within the hour. You need to hurry!’, Jeremy said while Mitch entered Shelley’s second home. 
Mitch had bought a revolver and an earpiece to communicate with Jeremy. Jeremy directed him to this address since Mitch had no map or navigation system on his motor, a modified Honda MLGF 64.
‘She knew how to pick her hideouts Jeremy. This place has a perfect view.’
‘How do you like your homecoming so far?’, Jeremy joked.
‘It’s boring without bullets and a descent street fight. Have you already picked a new home?’
‘Ayda does the deciding part when it comes to a new home. I don’t care where we end.’
‘How can I find whatever she wants me to find?’, Mitch wondered while he walked through the living room.
‘You know her better than me. Do you really think she found something?’
‘She disappeared, suddenly. And then the article popped up. This is no coincidence.’
‘Maybe she didn’t use a safe Mitch. What would you do? It wouldn’t be a surprise if she looked up to you. Maybe tried to think like you.’
‘People should never look up to me.’
‘Why not? As long as they don’t copy your hobbies’, Jeremy said sarcastically.
‘I would hide it, somewhere a decent person would think about hiding something valuable. But, not valuable like it’s expensive. An item you don’t want to be found because it could harm your image.’
‘I would dug a hole and keep it away from surface.’
‘This is not the right area to dig a hole and hide something in the ground. It’s freezing outside. There’s snow.’
Mitch stepped into the bedroom and heard the wooden floor cracking. But, also something from outside. Mitch drew his gun and loaded it. He stood still for minutes but, nothing entered the house. It probably was a deer.. Then suddenly pooped into Mitch’s head. Shelley didn’t dug a hole. But, what if she had hidden something beneath the floor? That was made of wood? 
‘She may have hidden it under the floor’, Mitch said.
Mitch began to investigate the living room and found eventually a letter beneath the couch. It was a tax claim. Mitch turned it around and the other side was blank. He put the letter on the kitchen and pour it over with milk. A question appeared that only he could know. Where did they burry Heather. The answer was simple. It was a code. Mitch changed the letters for figures and eventually he typed the combination in Google. A colour appeared on screen. A colour wood. There was a door in this house that had such a colour. Beneath the door, Mitch was able to pull away a piece of the floor and found an USB stick. One he had never seen earlier. 
‘Found it’, Mitch said to himself.
Husavik (Iceland), Mitch safe house, 28 January 2010
Jeremy lost contact with Mitch since Ayda returned to the safe house. Jeremy let her inside and the two went to the almost empty living room. Ayda was shivering a little of the cold weather. Jeremy walked towards her and the two cuddled and kissed.
‘We need to pack our stuff Jer’, she said afterwards.
‘I can’t, I need a few minutes, maybe an hour. Then I’m ready.’
‘Our plane leaves in an hour. I don’t intend to miss it.’
‘We won’t.’
‘I’m going Jeremy. You may stay as long as you want, but, if you’re not with me in time. I go without you.’
‘Why do you act so childish?’
‘It’s just that I don’t feel comfortable here. What if they are on to us? We have been here for almost a month now. People have seen us, with Mitch!’
Jeremy sighed. ‘We will get out of here. Where do we go?’
‘I have two tickets. To be honest, I just came here to leave immediately. I need to pick something up in the village. We won’t make it if we wait here.’
‘Why do you need to go there?’
‘We need passports, this is a legal flight remember.’
‘How do you suppose to find passports in this god forsaken place then?’
‘While you and Mitch were playing with fire, I made all the arrangements for us to get away.’
‘Why didn’t you tell me, I can’t leave now. Can’t we go tomorrow?’
‘Jeremy, we have to go now! Today. Or else were stuck for another four days.’
 Maybe we can arrange something with Reddington.’
‘Than someone will know where we went. Really, you trust me, right? This is the way out. I didn’t want to spoil everything you and Mitch had going, but, now you have to do what is right for you.’
‘I can’t leave him just yet, go. I will make it in time.’
‘You better be. I’ll take it as a promise.’
‘Go get those passports. I see you at the airport.’
Palmdale (California), Jack in the Box, 25 January 2010
Shelley was driving 195 km / hour while the two hummers were following her on a short distance. Eventually she made it to Interstate 138 in Lancaster’s direction. Shelley took her phone and made a picture of her wound. Then she saw that she was indeed hit and that the bullet entered her shoulder. It may still be in her. The pain was hard to ignore, but, she didn’t want to give up without a little fight.
While Lancaster came closer and closer in her view, it looked like the road appeared to be less filled with traffic. She looked in her rear-window view as she dodged another car. Shelley smiled as she thought about what Mitch would say when he found out that she didn’t made it. He would probably be disappointed. But, then again, she didn’t care that much what he would think. Her life was short but, she spend every day like it could be her last. As soon as she found out that the CIA was compromised, she knew that this would follow her to the grave. Mitch wasn’t going to make it out of this mess either she thought. He was good in what he does, but, even he can’t take on the CIA. 
After five minutes, Shelley saw what might become her end. There was a roadblock installed in the middle of the interstate. She turned up the radio and decided to take a giant leap of faith. She steered the wheel to her right and went off road. At this point she was already passed Lancaster. She didn’t know how but, she managed to make it to the dirt road that was located next the interstate. 
This cost her time but, also enabled her to get passed the roadblock. The hummers won a little distance since the tires of those cars were far more efficient on this road than hers. She also heard the sound of police cars coming closer and closer on the interstate. 
Then shots were fired and Shelley had to cover herself more than one time. She wasn’t hit but, she had decreased in speed since she couldn’t see clearly what was ahead of her. This wasn’t going to end well for her. If she already thought to have a chance of getting away, that chance was now over. The sound of a helicopter could be heard while more shots were fired. While the song "It’s not my time", began to play on the radio, one of the hummers bumped her Daytona. 
Just before the refrain of the song kicked in, one of the hummers got beside her. She hit the brakes immediately which caused the second hummer to clash against the stolen Daytona. The other Hummer hit the brakes while a police car coming from the left side hit the Daytona as well causing it to flip over. Shelley survived the crash and made it out of her car only to be welcomed by a team of skilled mercenaries and a man in suit. He was wearing a black suit and had a short hairdo. A former soldier of course.
‘It took you a god damn army to take me down? I’m flattered’, Shelley mocked them.
‘From my point of view, it didn’t end well. Make it us easier. Tell us who you are?’
‘Go f*ck yourself’, Shelley stammered with a grin.
‘You are going to die miss, that’s for sure. How do you want to die?’
‘Let’s have a one to one piece of shit.’
‘You have a filthy mouth’, the suited man said as he drew his gun.
‘He come get you. That’s what I promise you.’
‘Whom? Tell me. Give me at least something.’
‘I give you hell. Now pull the damn trigger.’
‘So far for showing off to my wife.’
‘Do you even have one? You look like a pussy in that suit.’
‘I don’t have time for this’, the man said before he fired a shot.
The man dialled a number after eight minutes. ‘We found an USB. It’s not The Fulcrum.’
Fawnskin, California, 28 January 2010
Mitch plugged in the USB in her computer. A video opened automatically. It was Shelley. Five years older but, still looking the same. It was not a welcome’s video. It was a warning..
‘Mitch, If you made it all the way to this moment, it means you’re still alive and found somehow my little hints. I know you hate to play that game. This USB is filled with information that you need to know. The world needs to know. Everything on the right time of course. I was too late to make it out and you are probably too late to save my ass. Just don’t stare too long. As of now, the CIA has been informed about a security breach. They discover your position very soon. Do something good with this.. this... I don’t even have words for it. Everything is connected, you were right. Again. I wish you all the best, and don’t blame yourself for my death. It’s not your fold. You couldn’t have seen this coming. This is me logging off.’
Then a program opened and a lot of files were available to look into. It was filled with programmes, projects, names. Everything was the best word to describe it. Mitch knew he had not enough time to sort this all out. He just searched through the names and called Jeremy via his earpiece.
‘Did you find what you were looking for?’, Jeremy asked immediately. But, Mitch didn’t respond ‘Mitch! What happened?’
‘Everything was connected’, he simply responded.
‘Be more precisely friend. I’m on a tight schedule.’
‘Listen, everything will fall apart ones this comes out. Get Ayda and disappear Jeremy. You don’t want to be around once this finds its way to the light’, Mitch said as he looked at the list of names. 
Cherikov was on it, Hailey Larsson, Edward Stiles and even Edouard Russel(!). The list of names included a lot of people that were assassinated or had disappeared. There was also a file about Harvey Crowne and Raymond Reddington. All of their involvements were described to a secret organization that was described as Section Y. Names of people all over the world. It was created in the early nineties according to the documents. There were three names left of persons that were still alive. Reddington, Fitch and Cherikov. 
Section Y was the umbrella organization for people that worked in different countries, in different agencies that had only one goal. To play for god.. It wasn’t until 2005 when Section Y was exposed, a member was killed and that was also the reason to disband Section Y. Not because it was about to become public known that it existed, but, because it was just one piece of an even larger organization. In the article it’s called the Cabal. 
Section Y was just one end of an even bigger thing. This was also the entry this bigger organization tried to keep close. Mitch knew that at least one member was still alive. Which meant he had to go back to Russia. Cherikov could inform him about Fitch and then he would hunt down Reddington and Fitch. 
‘Mitch, it was once again a pleasure to have worked with you man. But, like you said, I need to leave this mess before it turns into madness.’
‘I hope you find peace Jeremy. It’s required to bring up a child.’
‘Nice joke.’
‘Didn’t you know? Why would think Ayda changed? She sure as hell isn’t that hardened like in 2005.’
‘She helped you out of that bus!’
‘Because I think she only got to know once you both arrived in Iceland.’
‘How did you know it?’
Wait for it. You’ll find out that I’m right later. Like always.’
‘F*ck off’, Jeremy said with a deep sigh.
‘You need to get moving. You have a plane to catch.’
‘Yeah, that’s right. And Mitch, do one thing for me.. Burn them people to the ground.’
‘I’m going at it with everything I have!’
‘I believe you will. Good luck!’
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home’s office, 28 January 2010
Now he officially became a real threat. Mitch Crowne possibly knew everything about section Y. Or soon. Which eventually meant that Mitch had a target. Home just received the information that the hacker, which turned out to be a female, has been executed and that her identity was Shelley Loraine. It didn’t last long before they found out she owned a second home in Fawnskin. Home also became aware that it was Shelley that probably alarmed Mitch Crowne to come visit her second home. Which meant that the USB that contained everything about Section Y was in that house. Of course, Mitch had to find either Reddington or Cherikov and needed to get to Cherikov before he would find out that the man was just a patchy. A patchy that Home was about to recruit for the Cabal. A patsy that was on his way to the States after a little delay. Home just gave Crowne an opportunity. A slime one, but, now it was time to take measures. He made two phone calls. 
‘Turner, Crowne has been located in a township called Fawnskin. How far are you away?’
‘When has he arrived?’
‘Not yet, but, we believe he could be there every moment.’
‘I’m sixty miles away from Fawnskin. Could be there in about seventy minutes.’
‘You have permission for shoot to kill Turner. He’s armed and dangerous. You know he is.’
‘Copy that sir.’
Home then called Karl Oberhausen. The leader of one of his cells that were operative in the Dominican Republic. He send them to keep an eye at Sandra and Mia Barros. These two people could be used as leverage against Mitch. He may be used to say that he had no feelings, but, why safe them? Mitch wouldn’t let them die, because Mitch became sentimental. Which also meant he became weak. 
‘Initiate operation Turnout, now!’
‘Copy that sir’, Karl Oberhausen answered clearly.
Chapter 8:
Damsel In Distress
Husavik Airport(Iceland), Landing strip, 28 January 2010
It was a small airplane that was waiting for only five passengers. These passengers would be flown towards Reykjavik. From there, each of them would go on an international flight. Four of them were already in the plane. The fifth person was a little late. But, he belonged to one of the other passengers. She was the beautiful woman that had taken her seat at the back of the plane. With her long brown hair and brown eyes, she made enough impression on the pilot that he would wait another five minutes. That, appeared to be just long enough for the fifth passenger to get on board.
Ayda never doubted that Jeremy wouldn’t make it. Even though, she had to use her good looks to keep the pilot "warm", she knew that Jeremy would be with her before the plane took off. One car hit the brakes in a distance. It was a cab. One man left the cab. It was the 1.97 metres long Jeremy Clegane himself. He smiled and ran towards the plane. He didn’t carry any luggage. He almost bumped his head against the roof of the plane which cause Ayda to grin.
‘You made it. For a moment back there I thought I’d lost you Jer.’
‘When a gentleman says he’ll be there, he’ll be there’, Jeremy said as he took place next to her.
‘Did you guys found what you were looking for?’, she asked interested.
‘Of course we did, love. Now what do you say, shall we retire this time?’
‘You mean never getting back in the line of fire?’
‘Don’t you have something to tell me Ayda?’, Jeremy frowned. ‘Perhaps, a baby?’
‘Ayda was mesmerized. ‘How, how did you find out?’
‘Doesn’t matter, when were you going to tell me?’
‘Just’, Ayda looked at her watch, ‘in about three minutes. You must believe me’
‘Of course I do, but, you know what?’
‘Tell me’, she said.
‘I really want you to kiss me’, he said with a smile.
‘I could do that’, Ayda said. She put her arms around Jeremy’s neck and the two made out for a half minute. Then Ayda asked once more, ‘How did you find out?’
‘I didn’t.’
Ayda’s eyes grew, she was surprised again. ‘No shit.’
‘Come on love, give me another kiss’, Jeremy said. When they kissed again the plane finally took off...
Fredericksburg (Virginia), Former CPU safe house, 28 January 2010
Robert stumbled over a box that contained files about Mitch’s whereabouts when he was in Italy. There were reasons to believe that Mitch had been in Italy in the summer of 2007. According to this information, he had one contact during his stay in Italy. Her name was later revealed to be Sandra Barros. Former girlfriend of a mob boss’ son. She disappeared around the same time that Mitch seemed to have left Italy. 
Robert used the summary of the Mitch Crowne timeline to find out that Mitch probably went to the Dominican Republic in the months thereafter. It was even discussed that Mitch had been living there for a few months together with a female and her daughter. This made Robert questioning himself why no one ever looked into this. Unless, they did. If Mitch was a person of interest, than this could not be ignored. That would be rubbish desk research for an agency like the CIA. Robert went upstairs to get himself a coffee. He couldn’t believe that there were so many files of on certain individual. About his brother. Mitch was an assassin. But, he didn’t sound like a bad person at all over the phone.
When Robert returned, he opened the only laptop in the basement and picked up the file that contained the information about Sandra Barros. He tried to find out more about the person but, didn’t find much more than a few arrests in Croatia and Italy. She was born and raised in Croatia and her current status was deceased. He also couldn’t find a Sandra Barros in the register of the Dominican Republic. This was not odd at all of course.
But, she must have been a damsel in distress that somehow must have met Mitch along the way. He helped her out of her shit and offered her and her then five year old daughter a new life abroad. Robert was almost disappointed when he found out that there was a Sandra Crowne living in Santa Domingo. This Sandra, according to her background was a national and grew up in Santa Domingo as well. But, why would her first passport been registered in 2009? Robert did not believe in coincidence, much like his brother. If he could find out her existence and possible link to Mitch Crowne in half a day, then there was no possibility that this agency didn’t already found this out themselves. So why wouldn’t they share this information with him. They weren’t playing open book with him and Robert immediately distrusted everyone involved. What did he get himself get involved with?
Fawnskin, California, 28 January 2010
Mitch put the USB in his pocket and crashed the laptop. The next thing he did was preparing his getaway. He was not sure if he would have company by now. And he sure as hell wouldn’t want to be surprised. But, while he broke the laptop, Someone else sneaked inside the house. It was coincidence, some would say.
Eveline Turner was within 67 minutes in Fawnskin. She drove 210 km/hour until she reached the snow covered roads. She was prepared for her next encounter with Mitch. She didn’t even ask herself if she would shoot or not. She couldn’t trust Mitch after all. She parked her car a few streets away. It all ready became dark, so she had to move fast and efficient to apprehend Mitch before night kicked in. And boxing a shadow in the dark is a lot harder than in daylight. 
She moved slowly to the backdoor of the house and laid her ear against the door. That it was much colder in Fawnskin than in Los Angeles didn’t even bother her much. Then she heard something thrown on the ground. Then again and at the third time she was already inside. Eveline drew her gun and waited downstairs for a while. She could hear the footsteps above her moving towards the stairs. By the way that the person walked, she could recognize that it was Mitch.
Eventually the person used the stairs. She could see a shadow going downstairs thoughtfully placing each foot in front of the other. He also had a weapon in his hands. She was in a better position than Mitch, but, she risked getting shot if she attacked him now. Once, downstairs, Mitch moved towards the living room and stopped just in front of the living room window. Then he put away his gun. Eveline saw her chance and captured it.
‘Don’t move Mitch. Unless you have a death wish’, Eveline said.
‘Don’t we have all?’, Mitch responded in a sharp tone.
‘You know, we work together with your brother. He’s a real improvement compared to you.’
‘He has it from our mother.’
‘Turn around and keep your hands where I can see them.’
‘Does he even know what his position is in your little team? Do you even know what your play is?’, Mitch asked.
‘You look better with that haircut Mitch. Short fits you better. Short career, short life, short hair. It makes sense.’
‘You do know you just signed Robert’s deaths sentence. Don’t you.’
‘For f*ck sake Mitch. Can’t you just accept the fact that I captured you again.’
‘You don’t know, of course you don’t.’
‘Don’t play mind games Mitch. They don’t apply to me.’
‘I hate games’, Mitch almost whispered. ‘I bet they got to her as well’, Mitch thought.
‘What are you talking about?’
Mitch looked up again and tried to locate Eveline’s phone. ‘You lost it Turner. I’m disappointed in you.’ 
As Eveline was about to say something, a tiny explosion occurred at both her sides. Mitch jumped through the window as she was distracted. Then Eveline followed Mitch through the window, fell on the same car as Mitch and ended rolling of it on the street.
The next thing Eveline remembered was when she woke up and saw the stars high in the sky. She didn’t lay on the ground but, in her own car. Her head hurt at two places. The only thing that was gone, was her phone. She still had her gun and the car keys.
Autopiste Duarte, Pedro Brand (Dominican Republic), 28 January 2010
Sandra returned to Frederic and Mia two days ago and explained that they were in danger. It was the first time she spoke the truth to Frederic about her past, parts of it. She once had contact with number six on the FBI’s most wanted list and he helped him to start over again. This would be the reason they were being hunted. Frederic was disgusted by the fact that Sandra never told him about that until Mia came into the bedroom and told about a strange device in her bedroom.
They packed some of their stuff immediately. Not much of course. Think about what you would pack for a weekend away. They were in the car eight minutes after Mia found the bug. They stayed the next night in Mitch Crowne’s old apartment which he gave to Sandra when they arrived three years ago. Frederic made the mistake to find out everything he could about Mitch Crowne, so eventually he did find out that he assassinated the vice president of the United States to begin with. The next day, Sandra made arrangements to leave the country for the three of them not knowing that her world was already fallen apart.
Cell 0080 used satellite footage to track down Sandra and Karl send the female in his cell to shadow Sandra. Her name was Keita and she was 1.63 metres tall. She was an expert in four different martial arts and scored top 5 in marksmanship when it comes to a sniper rifle within the agency. This was how they were able to find out where Sandra and Mia were hiding.
The next day, Sandra, Mia and Frederic left the apartment in downtown Santa Domingo to head for the north side of the island. Their flight would leave late in the afternoon from Cibao International Airport. While they were en route on the highway called Autopiste Duarte at 28 January, they were followed by four different cars. This strategy made it impossible for Sandra to notice that they were being followed. It was Mia that eventually informed the other two that at least three cars were passing each other every three minutes. She was able to memorise their licence plates.
‘I think we are being followed mom’, she said.’
Frederic turned around to look at the cars behind them.
‘What makes you think so honey?’, Sandra asked sharp.
‘At least three cars are changing some kind of formation every three to four minutes. I know so because I memorised their licence plates.’
‘For how long have they been doing that?’
‘Since we left the city. First there were four.’
‘Shit...’
Four minutes passed when they also had a helicopter on their tale. One of the three cars passed Sandra and one came near side. She was forced to stop unless she wanted to risk all of their life’s. 
‘This is madness’, Frederic said as agent Juan punched him in his stomach.
‘Why are you doing this? Tell me, what did we do wrong?’, Sandra asked furiously before Keita slapped her face.
‘Are you going to hurt us mister?’, Mia asked The Irish male kindly. But, he didn’t respond.
In at Fawnskin B&B, Fawnskin, California, 28 January 2010
After he had taken out Eveline by surprising her at a corner, she was too much filled with the need to catch him, he brought her to her car and put her inside. The only thing he took from her was her phone. He needed to make sure that Robert was not going to the meeting. The poor man didn’t know what he got himself into. The meeting was a trap set up by Section Y’s mother organization the Cabal. The task force that was about to become full operative, was going to be literally blown away before it even started. And all the people involved would never be missed for what they are.
Mitch Crowne ran towards the bed and breakfast in the little township. He had spoken with the owner and gave him a big tip so that his bike could be parked there without questions asked. Mitch was looking at the frozen big bear lake while it just became night. He searched through the numbers and he recognized Robert’s number immediately. However, no one picked up. Of course not, he must have gotten a new phone with a new number! Then Mitch looked at which number was saved as last and called it.
‘Agent Turner, I was just thinking about calling you. I think something about this mission really stinks.’
‘Robert, before you overload me with questions, where are you?’
‘Mitch...?’
‘Answer the goddamn question!’, Mitch said furiously.
‘Somewhere remote.’
‘Are you alone?’
‘Why asking me, want to meet? And yeah, I’m by myself.’
‘The meeting. You aren’t at a meeting?’
‘Which meeting?’, Robert lied.
‘I know everything, and the meeting is a trap!’
‘Where are you, what did you find out? Did you kill agent Turner?’
‘No I did not kill that woman. She is of no interest. You need to go, wherever you are and hide yourself Robert. Only contact Eveline. Ignore everyone else.’
‘That was what I thought. That part where I take off. I don’t trust this. Who is Sandra Crowne? Mitch.. Are you married...?’
‘How did you find out about her.’
‘They put me in an office that contained everything they had off you. You could say that I stumbled on it and found out about her existence. So I have a sister in law that is married to my assassin brother. That’s one for the papers.’
‘f*ck. If you found out. Then they know too.’
‘What are you going to do? Save them?’
‘I am not married Robert. And I don’t know if I can. They probably already got to her.’
‘I know you aren’t Mitch. She lives together with a certain individual called Frederic Lauverré.’
Mitch memorised the name. They probably would use her against him as bargain. Would that work? Does he give about them, that much??? What happened to him. Normally, it didn’t do shit to him. Suddenly a moment he shared with Mia popped into his mind. Mia, he cared for the ten year old girl that looked strange enough at him as her dad. The person that would protect her any cause necessary. ‘You can trust Turner Robert. Keep a low profile.’
‘What are you going to do? Will we meet?’
Before Mitch could reply, he dropped the phone since he got shot at. Mitch was almost hit in his leg but, it was only a flesh wound. Eveline shot a second time but, missed. Before she was able to shoot again, Mitch shot five times at her direction while he ran to his bike. Eveline had to take cover and jumped to her left. Mitch stepped on his bike and shot another three times while he started his motor and drove away. Eveline shot two more times but, missed Mitch who already was too far away.
Eveline walks towards the spot where Mitch dropped her phone. She kneeled and picked it up.
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home’s office, 29 January 2010
Home was sitting in his office. This time he had company. Roman Cherikov was sitting opposite him and the two smoked a cigar while a glass filled with whiskey was ready to be consumed. 
‘You are about to enter a door, Roman, which does not offer a return.’
‘Spare me the bullshit, get to the point.’
‘You’ve been a solid and trustable member. That were the section Y days of course. Section Y was only a part of a bigger picture. You may already found out yourself. And as one of the remaining members of Section Y, we would like to include you in the real thing.’
‘You mean, the syndicate...’, Cherikov answered before he inhaled.
‘The syndicate is just another tail of what we call, what we are called the Cabal.’
‘You see, we have dealt with a large problem, the task force. So now we can focus on a much smaller threat. You know who I’m talking about.’
‘Mitch Crowne.’
‘He possibly knows everything about Section Y. And your involvement. You see, you’ve become a risk for us. You could lead him to us and we don’t want that to happen, do we?’, Home said in a natural voice.
‘Are you threatening me, Home?’
‘No, of course not. But, now that you know, I expect you to take measures. And absolute dedication. If he gets to you, what almost is impossible. You know what to do.’
‘A man on his own, how can he be a threat?’
‘We believe, there is a much bigger force waiting for his process. Does the name Raymond Reddington ring a bell?’
‘Is he involved?’
‘Not entirely. But, if he gets hold of the Fulcrum, well, he will have his own life insurance.’
‘What does you make so sure that he hasn’t already got it? The fulcrum.’
‘Why would he go through all this trouble? He and Mitch are not related in any way. But, it would much more easier for him to step in once the fulcrum gets into Mitch hands. You know that Mitch has no value to it. And Reddington would give him everything for it. Unless he kills Mitch and takes it with force.’
‘How could Mitch get hold of the fulcrum?’, Cherikov asked wisely.
‘The fulcrum, is already out there. He will not find it here. But, he could expose us. Create his own fulcrum and lure out the real person that has it.’
‘Seems like that Crowne man is intelligent.’
‘Very dangerous combination indeed. Intelligent and skilled to kill. America created almost the perfect weapon. Almost. But, we have something that may distract him long enough so we can take him out.’
‘I like your approach Home. So, what happens now?’
‘How long do you stay in America?’, Home asked while inhaling a last time.
In at Fawnskin B&B, Fawnskin, California, 28 January 2010
Eveline looked at the screen on her phone. She didn’t think about why Mitch didn’t kill her. But, what was so important that he needed her phone. And, did he expect her? Almost impossible. Eveline tried to reach Gustanso but, he didn’t pick up. What didn’t make sense, is that his phone seemed to be turned off. Maybe he didn’t have reach, wherever that meeting took place. Then she saw who Mitch had called. She dialled Robert’s number.
Chapter 9:
A Knife in the Ocean
Fort Washington, Inside, 28 January 2010
Gustanso arrived at the meeting as one of the first persons. Today would be the first moment where the whole team would come together to come to a solid plan. Since there were six agencies involved, at least 12 persons could be expected today. Minus Eveline, that would be eleven. The only group of people that knew about the existence of this task force, were the chosen agents per country and their director. And Robert McEachran of course.
Gustanso’s former superior and boss arrived as second. They shared a few thoughts about the whole Robert McEachran thing. They both didn’t agree in his participation. Next came team Dutch, led by Ronald Feenstra. He was a small but, thin man that was about 1.67 metres long. He was trained and looked like a former air force pilot. he had the stature for the job. He was forty nine years old and spoke fluently English. He went directly to Gustanso while the Dutch agent went to the toilets.
‘You must be the one I spoke earlier today. How do you do?’, Feenstra asked politely.
‘I’m fine Mr. Feenstra, what about you?’
‘Well, considering the circumstances we’re in, also pretty fine.’
‘Don’t take this personal, but, why is the Netherlands even involved?’
‘I guess you could say one of the stars in this plot has done quite some wreckage to my country. It was a very kind and honourable man, George Dreyfuss, that informed me about the person.’
‘So, what do you think how far this organization goes? I mean, how far goes the corruption?’
‘If you ask me, it wouldn’t surprise me that even people in this task force are involved.’
‘That’s a big assumption.’
‘And how far did you and Miss Turner come the last couple of weeks?’
‘We found a web of lies that is tangled around Mitch Crowne and a certain individual we think might be Raymond Reddington.’
‘So number four and six on FBI’s most wanted work side along side?’
‘If you ask me, Mitch can’t be bought. He’s a soloist, doesn’t work for someone.’
‘he can’t possibly pull everything off without a little help?’, Feenstra asked.
‘Mitch Crowne has his contacts. But, they are a few. Reddington has build his own syndicate since he went rogue. You could say that Reddington is political and Mitch is the opposite. Mitch operates by no law or protocol.’
‘He kills, that’s what he does’, Feenstra concluded.
The two of them talked about what happened in 2005 in London, what happened in the Netherlands one year ago and what could happen if the task force uncovered a dark truth. It seemed that Feenstra also had a family. he talked about his daughter, estranged wife and son that also joined the secret service in the Netherlands. Eventually, only the Russian and American team were still not present when Gustanso and Ronald Feenstra once were talking again about how Mitch assassinated the vice president. They both seemed to agree that what Mitch did was wrong but, necessary. Then the two were interrupted by a Chinese agent.
‘They say you guys have been here the longest’, he began. ‘Why do the Russians and the Americans not show up? This is not a joke anymore.’
‘Team America will be one person. Agent Turner is in pursuit of Mitch Crowne’, Feenstra said.
‘But, where are the Russians? Groyetski is never too late. he should have been here already!’
Gustanso looked at Ronald and frowned. ‘Groyetski is death’, Gustanso said.
‘This doesn’t make any sense!’, the Chinese agent said before his superior called him. 
‘What do you think?’, Feenstra asked calmly. ‘Isn’t this a little suspicious?’
‘I don’t know. I think there’s a perfect explanation for this. I will check out the place’, Gustanso said.
Jimani (Dominican Republic), Gun shop, 30 January 2010
Mitch arrived today at International airport Port-au-Prince. The capital of Haiti. He purchased an old grey VW for not more than two thousand dollars. The car was involved in a car accident one month prior but, had a modified motor. He then drove to the border and entered the Dominican Republic under another false identity. This time his fake name was Melvin Groenhof. Without trouble he entered the country where he always thought he would eventually end if he survived the life he was living. Which meant that it would never happen.
He drove towards a city called Jimani. Mitch also had an apartment in this city. He changed into different clothes that would fit the circumstances more. He put on the clothes he always used to wear during a mission. Black workpants, a black long sleeved shirt and black safety boots. The pants were made of stronger materials than the stuff the agency offered him and they fit better. More comfortably. Now he had to purchase fire arms. Mitch spend almost eighty percent of his net worth in real estate and supplies to survive in any of his safe houses. But, he had not a sniper rifle in this safe house. Only his favourite weapon, a Magnum .44.
Jimani serves as one of the two main thoroughfares to Haiti. The city has a population total of almost 14000 which makes it the second largest city of the Independencia Provence of the Dominican republic. It has a tropical dry and wet climate. This causes Mitch to sweat in the clothes he picked out to wear when he arrived at the gun shop. A shop which was owned by one Armani Manufrere.
Armani Manufrere was a 29-year old father of three children, all of them were daughters. He was 1.82 metres long and had black hair and brown eyes. He wore a Hawaii shirt and shorts while he walked on slippers.
‘Hello, Mr. Groenhof. Welcome back’, he said when Mitch entered the shop.
‘Aah, Mr. Manufrere. Still looking good.’, Mitch responded sarcastically.
‘Don’t try to joke yourself into bargains. You know I won’t fall for that.’
‘At least I have to try.’
‘Like every Dutch man. You folks have a reputation. You know that.’
‘That is true.’
‘But, it would work though. if you had nice big boobs and long blonde hair.’
‘I need the best sniper rifle you have.’, Mitch said in a serious tone. 
‘What makes you think I sell that stuff. You know we don’t hunt in this country.’
‘No I didn’t.’
‘You should read the tourist brochure once. It really clears up some thing or two about out beloved country.’
‘I don’t have time for that.’
‘Of course you don’t. So, what are you going to hunt? If I may ask..’
‘Scum.’
‘Good enough for me. You see, you are that kind of person that doesn’t bullshit. You know that?’
‘Never been told before’, Mitch answered.
‘Well, you should come to the back in about ten minutes. You may leave a specific figure written on a specific paper on a certain desk on this table.’
While Manufrere walked towards the back, Mitch was about to leave the shop when he saw CNN on the television that was in the shop. An article about a bomb exposition was on the news. In Fort Washington, killing multiple individuals that were inside for reasons unknown. Mitch however, immediately knew that his predictions already became true. But, Mitch didn’t care about their deaths. It meant that it became a lot more easier for him to settle his score. Once he was able to get Sandra and Mia into safety. Mitch left the shop and met the bright sunshine again. Thankfully, he wore sunglasses. No time for headaches he thought. But, it was still bloody hot while it already became noon.
In at Fawnskin B&B, Fawnskin, California, 28 January 2010
Eveline could not get a hold of Gustanso, but, decided to call Robert instead. It was very likely that Mitch had spoken with him moments ago. Maybe he had a clue where Mitch was heading, besides, she didn’t know exactly what to do right now.
‘What happened over there?’, Robert asked. ‘Shared an intimate moment with my brother?’
‘Well, that’s a way to put it. But, why the hell did he contact you?’
‘He told me something about the meeting. He said it was a trap.’
‘When was the last time you have spoken to Agent Anderson?’
‘Simple answer, the last time I spoke you.’
‘I can’t reach him. Where are you?
‘Somewhere far away from where you folks left me. You think I let me use as bait? You should have come clean Eveline!’
‘It’s special Agent Turner, Mr. McEachran!’
‘Yeah, that’s what I thought. Look, he also said that I could trust you. That’s why I’m going to give you a second chance. But, if you withhold anything again, even the slightest detail, you can go find someone else to play with. Do you understand.’
‘You don’t get to give me orders Robert.. I’ll agree. But, you must tell me anything Mitch said.’
‘Well, I found that there is this woman living in the Dominican republic. She is related to Mitch. Probably, he saved both hers and her daughter’s life.’
‘Listen Robert, we need to meet and work this out together. Since the beginning when they proposed to invite you in our little secret group, I had my doubts. I think you aren’t just going to be used as bait. I think your life is in danger.’
‘What are you going to do?’
‘Let me find you, we wait until we know what happened to Gustanso and then we must track down Mitch. He’s onto something, I don’t know why else they want to have so much bargain against him.’
‘Didn’t you just tried to kill him?’
‘I never aim for a vital organ. I aimed at my phone because I thought he was looking into my files. We can’t allow a fugitive to get a hold of our intell.’
‘From where I’m standing, I don’t think we have anything to offer he doesn’t already know.’
‘I’m aware of that Robert. Where do we meet?’
‘I always wanted to see the ocean from a different point of view. I’m now in the neighbour of Myrtle Beach. You should go there. I’ll text you my exact whereabouts later.’
‘Myrtle Beach. Why?
 ‘I really, really, liked the name.’
In the meantime, the former CPU safe house where Robert worked the last days was being entered by a team of CIA agents. they were looking for Robert but, he was already gone. The supervisor of the group reported the update directly to Mr. Home. The files about Mitch Crown were destroyed and the house was set on fire. 
Jimani (Dominican Republic), Mitch’s safe house, 30 January 2010
Mitch was inspecting his sniper rifle. All the parts were spread on the only table that stood in the living room. Besides a kitchen and a bathroom, there was only the table and a bed. Mitch walked towards the kitchen and poured in a glass of water. Thereafter, he looked at himself in the mirror and cleaned himself up. Normally, he would shower for eleven minutes. The number eleven was somehow always related to him. If he also shaved himself, which he did once in three days normally, it would take him eighteen to twenty two minutes to clean up.
After he had cleaned himself up and put the rifle back together. He walked towards the balcony. he picked up his phone that was also laying on the table before he was on the balcony. Before he phoned anyone, he took some time to enjoy the view. The city lit up the sky. This could be the last time that he could enjoy such a view. It made him think about what his father once said about the changing world. Everything became more automatic, digital, he used the word robotic for the world. Harvey never saw a computer as they were now. Maybe that was for the better. It would freak the shit out of him. But, he did mention how he saw himself. 
They were sitting on their veranda in their Hungarian home. Harvey, a man stone cold with a little heart. Proud of his son that was sitting next to him. His son that had a fresh scar because he kicked the living shit out of the two grades higher bully of hi school.
‘You could see me as a knife Mitch. When I was trained I was deadly and fast. Sharp as a knife. Then you become older, does that mean you’re not deadly anymore? It doesn’t Mitch. Maybe a little bit slower. A little more edgy. But, I will always be deadly. It’s the world around us that influences it the most. And when the time comes when people use computers more than they spend time with other people, you could compare the world that it is now to one where the atmosphere is filled with water. That will be the time where I am a knife in the ocean. Does that make the knife less dangerous? It does and it doesn’t. But, a knife in the ocean isn’t useable like it used to be in a normal atmosphere. That is what I’ll become Mitch. A knife in the water.’
Mitch laughed before he dialled Robert’s number, was he becoming slowly a knife in the ocean?
‘Did you find out what happened in Washington Robert?’, Mitch asked while standing on the balcony.
‘I heard it on the news. Seven bodies were found death..’, They both didn’t say anything for a few seconds. ‘wait, is this the trap you mentioned two days ago?’, Robert asked.
‘I have a feeling. Didn’t you find out about the fire in Fredericksburg?’
‘This means there’s a mole within the CIA.’
‘That’s right. There is a mole. Where are you now? Heard anything from Eveline?’
‘I’m safe. She is on her way.’
‘Good. Because now you’re the last two alive of that little task forced they created. Your names are on a list Robert. Be careful.’
‘I could say the same to you. You know it’s a trap. If you try to safe Sandra, it will likely be your end.’
‘You know brother, I used to life without having emotions. ‘
‘Now you found some?’
‘No, but, I think that the reason I’m still alive is because of Mia. This is the only way that I can repay her.’
‘That sounds insane. Courageous, but, insane! ‘
‘She in some way Robert, made me a little less reckless.’
‘You should wait till we get there. We have a bigger chance when we try to safe them with the three of us.’
‘This is something I have to do myself. It would else be too late. If I wait long enough, they will expect that I bring more to the party. Then they have the opportunity to enlarge their army. if it i already an army.’
‘Makes sense.’
‘Trust nobody Robert. Not even Mr. Home himself.’
Fort Washington, Inside, 28 January 2010
Gustanso walked ran towards the exit while Feenstra and the Chinese team informed the others that this could be a set-up. Gustanso tried to call Eveline but, still didn’t have any reach. His phone then slipped out of his hands. Gustanso picked it up and to his horror, he found out that he had to reboot the phone. That’s when he smelled something. He walked towards the room where the smell came from. It was a gas leak. While Gustanso walks towards the leak, the sound of someone else nearing can be heard in the hall.
Gustanso was already trying to fix the leak while Ronald Feenstra appeared in the doorway. He picked up Gustanso’s phone and saw that it was rebooting. Gustanso used his jacket to prevent him from burning his hand. Feenstra did the same and began to assist him. They both did not know that the gas leak was just coincidence. Something no one seems to blieve in. Something that can change everything at any given moment.
‘It’s a god damn trap’, Ronald said.
‘You should get the rest out. Alarm them.’
‘We already did, some think it’s nothing more than a little Chinese paranoia.’
‘Then safe yourself Ronald. Get the hell away from here.’
A sound could be heard. Ronald looked at Gustanso’s phone and saw that it was operative again. He also saw that Gustanso’s reach was two bars. He picked up the phone and was about to hand it over to Gustanso. 
‘Why didn’t you exit the building?’, Ronald asked.
‘What do you mean?’
‘You can’t blow up a building....’, were the last words Ronald Feenstra said before the building exploded. 
Chapter 10:
Where is the World We Deserve?
Santa Domingo (Dominican Republic), Frederic’s House 31 January 2010
We get the world we deserve someone told him before Mitch pulled the trigger. This woman was a mob boss that was known to the public as potential Bondskanselier candidate. Back then, Mitch thought that it was truth. We did get the world we deserve. But, that was until the moment he met Sandra Barros and her fiver year old little daughter. Somehow, he felt for Sandra. Like she deserved a second chance in this big bad world of ours. That was, until he met Mia. She did not chose the life she was in. Her father was killed, she was kidnapped and her mother worked as a high class prostitute. Her mother was forced into that line of work by the person that had kidnapped her, the person that killed her father. The person that she called grandfather. No, we don’t get the world we deserve. We don’t get anything. We are all alive and that’s it. Sometimes you’re lucky and be a millionaire’s kid. Sometimes you’ll be lucky because you have great parents. Mitch would almost call it purpose now, but, that was just a little too much to believe for him.
Mia was the child that deserved a better future. Now, she accepted an assassin as her dad, was again in life threatening conditions because of that assassin. She had no chance at a normal life. And somehow, Mitch still had this growing feeling that she somehow loved him as a father. It was that reason that Mitch came tonight, for her, to safe her. And maybe a little to safe himself. Yeah, this was suicide probably. 
Four men only, one of them female. A Mexican, a Chinese, an African and a Brit Mitch thought. One hell of a team to work together with. The Chinese was probably their leader. He was also the smallest. The Mexican was the pretty boy, probably did the most undercover work. The African woman was the team’s chameleon. Blend in easily with multiple races. And then there was the Brit, team muscle according to Mitch. Four persons only. In his best days it would be humiliating. Not now. Russia did nothing good to him. He was still fit though. And his marksmanship probably was still far above average. But, this was not the usual mission to kill, this time, it was to safe and protect. 
Indeed, how could he take out four persons and safe three? Taking out the four was not the big issue. This was a CIA secret undercover cell. The house was probably wired with bombs. Which meant if he was able to kill them, there would be almost no time to evacuate. Best case scenario, he would be able to grab one or two and jump through the window before hell put the place on fire. Mitch almost made a little prayer. He looked at the sky. Thought about his father, his brother, Mia and his estranged sister that he still had to find.
‘Yeah this is a trap’, Mitch whispered to himself.
T hen he stood up, leaving the rifle unloaded behind. He walked the first metres before he lowered himself and almost crept to one side of the house. He knew that he would encounter the Brit and the African as first before he could go upstairs where the other two were. This was a surprise attack, and the only chance of what could be called success, was if the big guy didn’t cost him too much time.
‘I’m going to get you out of there Mia, I promise’, he told himself before his mood went back to robot. No more emotions were allowed. This was what he did. Do the impossible, like any other time. Shut down the thought of saving someone, just don’t die. Mitch exhaled in and out deeply and then nodded towards the sky. A knife was visible in his hand, a huge blade with only one purpose. Killing the muscle man of course...
Myrtle Beach, Robert’s hideout in a Motel, 31 January 2010
Robert was still waiting for Eveline to show up. He knew that she could arrive at any moment. She already shared the fact that she was within fifteen miles of Myrtle Beach ten minutes ago. Robert texted her an address in code. He did not say that he had rented three of the rooms. If Eveline betrayed him, he would still have a small chance to flee.
Of course that was not necessary. Eveline showed up twenty minutes after he gave her the address. She was alone. Robert watched how she left the car and walked around for a few minutes. No other life could be detected. If she would betray him, if there was a team hiding in the bushes to take him out, it would be his own fault to make it them so easy. Somehow he trusted Mitch’s word. Eveline could be trusted. So he did and opened the door. Eveline reacted immediately and saw him straight in his eyes. Then she marched towards his door and entered the room without saying anything. Robert closed the door as she let her fall herself on the bed. 
‘Welcome to my new humble home Agent Turner’, Robert said. 
‘You know Robert, I have this feeling I’m not an agent anymore.’
‘Why?’, Robert asked while he poured in a glass of water for her. ‘Thirsty?’
‘You are more of a gentleman then Mitch in just your finger Robert.’
‘Thank you. But, seen our careers I don’t think it’s that surprising. Now why aren’t you an agent?’
‘Didn’t you follow the news?’
‘Yes I have. But, should I be aware of something that I’m clearly not?’
‘I am a fugitive Robert. Somehow, they put a bounty on my head.’
‘That changes everything a little I think.’
‘You think?’
‘So, how much would I earn If I turned this angel in?’, Robert said as he seated himself on the bed next to Eveline.
‘Would you turn me in?’
‘Never.’
‘Did you just flirt with me Robert?’
‘Perhaps.’
‘You know what. You have the looks of Mitch but, unlike him you’re a complete gentleman.’
‘Do you like gentlemen?’
‘Normally I despise them. What do you think we have t do?’
‘My opinion? Leave. Like right now.’
‘I agree’, Eveline pulled herself together after a long, long ride and is now sitting next to Robert.
Robert looks at her right leg and then to her face. Eveline looks at his eyes and somehow completely out of nowhere, she leans forward and kisses him on the mouth. After a second she withdraws.
‘That was completely unexpected’, she said.
‘Not entirely. Was it inappropriate?’, Robert asked.
They looked at each other again and kissed again. They made out for a while. Then They undressed each other. Robert helped her out her shirt while she unbut,toned his blouse. Robert helped her out of her bra while she unbuckled his belt. Robert kissed her all over her body starting at her neck while she got out of her pants. Meanwhile, Robert also got out of his. 
‘Do you still feel like we should go?’, she teased.
‘Well, If I go this way, I wouldn’t mind’, Robert answered before they made out again.
After twenty four minutes to be precisely, they both stood in the shower, cleaning themselves up. It wasn’t a big shower but, they managed to shower at the same moment while they helped each other. They made out once again and had shower sex before it got to them that they really needed to hurry up.
‘What if we get gunned down the second we leave? You still think it was worth it Robert?’
‘My dear, they can write the letters on my grave’, Robert answered.
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home’s office, 29 January 2010
Everything is falling apart. That would be the first sentence in his conversation with Alan Fitch. But, the truth was actually a little different. More positive. It was by far the hardest decision he had to make. He despised him for what he had to do. Good people had to be killed in order to save the organization. For the greater good. But, now that it was executed, the plan to whip out the task force, he asked himself what good really meant. Nobody should be playing god. Deciding who would life and who would not. 
But, there were still some loose ends. Robert McEachran was not one of them. Not yet. he only knows that his brother is an assassin and probably that he saved a woman named Sandra and her daughter Mia. But, once he would team up with Eveline, or Mitch Crowne himself would have contact with him before Mitch was taken out, then he did became a risk. So what should he decide, going for safe? Safe sounded good. Safe is good. Saving the organization was his priority. 
So he had to put a bounty on one of the best agents he had. Eveline Turner. She had to be assassinated. And how do you smoke out an assassin of her stature. How do you kill her? By another, by four others at least. Maybe use the Larx programme. An evaluated version of Mitch should be able to do the job. While he faxed the update that Eveline Turner was official a fugitive, Home received a phone call from the Dominican Republic secret service.
‘Well, this is an unexpected call. What do you have for me?’
‘We believe that a fugitive on your list has been spot in our country.’
‘Whom?’
‘According to our intelligence department. Your number six on the FBI’s most wanted list. One Mitch Crowne.. Alias Melvin Groenhof.’
‘Thank you for giving me this useful intell.’
‘What are you going to do about it?’
‘We already expected him to arrive in Santa Domingo. We are prepared. If you want to cooperate, do not interfere.’
‘You can’t expect me to give you a free run.’
‘I would owe you for looking the other way. You would be very helpful for the United States if you did.’
‘You have three days before we will.. interfere...’
‘We only need two’, Home said before he hung up.
He then informed his men that held Sandra and Mia Barros captive.
Santa Domingo (Dominican Republic), Frederic’s House 31 January 2010
Mitch walked towards the front door and picked the lock to enter the house silently. Hw crept toward the kitchen door where he stood up. He could hear the Brit breathing in and out. he was smoking a cigarette. A shame. Those things could kill you. Mitch did not waste time and surprised the man when he appeared suddenly around the corner.
Mitch reached for his blade before the man even heard something setting a food on the floor made of glass. The man turned around while he dropped his cigarette and reached for his gun. His eyes were on the smaller stature that Mitch was. This was a man he would destroy in combat. However, the last thing he saw was a shiny thing which the little man kept in his hand and threw. Before he was even able to lay his hand on his machine gun, the blade cut his throat in the middle, killing him instantly. 
One down, three to go. So far so good Mitch was thinking. He didn’t even look at the big man as he fell to his death. Well, he already was death before he reached the ground with his nose. The African woman heard the big guy falling on the floor made of glass and responded as expected. Drew her guns and aimed it at the door that led to the kitchen. She even heard someone standing on a spoon or something like that she thought. Couldn’t be further from the truth. Mitch in a flash laid a spoon on the ground and before the big guy fell on the ground, he was leaving the kitchen and throwing an extra set of ammunition at it. 
He was already walking towards the computer room when the ammunition hit the spoon. Since it was packed in rubber, it sounded like someone stood on the spoon. He was at the other door leading to the hall where the stairs were at when the African women walked towards the spoon. Before she could turn around, a second blade covered with a highly poisoned substance entered her next to her spine. 
Kaita saw the glimpse of the devil himself while she tried to shoot him. Somehow, it felt like everything in her body was on fire. Even her eyes. Like they would blow up. The man then lost her interest in her and walked towards the stairs. She saw how he drew his Magnum .44 when she began to see everything triple. Her hands were shaking as she saw the man climbing the stairs. 
Something happened that Mitch had not in calculated. Keita was able to pull a trigger while she was dying. That proofed him what a tough woman she was. She could easily become one of the best agents, if she did not meet him of course. She missed by more than half a metre, three times before Mitch heard she also fell down. Why didn’t he use this substance for the big guy? That was simple. The man would fall too soon. 
The Mexican heard something big falling to the ground and was instructed by Karl to have a look. He was the type of man every lady would fall for. Not a cold hearted assassin with Mitch’s skill set. He then heard the shots, which made him feel more certain that the problem was solved. His laconically attitude would mean his death.
Mitch Crowne was going upstairs in a fast paced manoeuvre and expected the confrontation with the Mexican. His Magnum .44 was aimed on the room where he had scouted him a few minutes ago. The Mexican appeared and Mitch recognized two things. First the attitude of a relaxed person, then the face of defeat. This time, Mitch left his trademark. He shot two times. One bullet hit him in his heart and the second entered his head before the Mexican was able to even touch his own weapon.
Now the last one was Karl Oberhausen. He was looking forward to having this fight with the legendary devil of New York. He had his gun aimed at Mitch at the same time Mitch aimed at him.
‘Interested in a street fight Mitch?’
‘What are you, an admirer?’
‘The last person you going to see in the flesh Mitch.’
‘You sure? I mean you must miss your friends.’
‘Cut the bullshit Mitch. You sound like a bitch. Which makes me question myself, do you get f*cked like a bitch?’
‘The thing is whoever you may be? Never get influenced by other’s words. My father taught me that.’
Both dropped their guns at the same moment. Karl ran towards Mitch. Mitch however, smiled. Let them come to you, they don’t think and run, never. They already did the thinking. Or else, they wouldn’t run. And people like Karl thought about one thing, getting the job done as soon as possible. They did it for the honour. Mitch didn’t. Mitch did it without a reason, killing people. It used to be his job you could say. But, killing, was really more of a second nature to him.
Karl punched Mitch rapidly multiple times in his stomach and in his face. Mitch only hit Karl once in his side which paused the fight. Karl coughed a little while Mitch positioned himself. Yeah, I still have it, he thought. 
‘You don’t hit like a pussy. That’s for sure Mitch. Ready for round two?’
‘I know pussy that feel harder than your punches Karl.’
Karl attacks again but, is pushed towards his left against the wall while Mitch punches him multiple times at different places in his stomach. Coughing up blood, Mitch eventually punches his Adam’s apple causing him to lose the ability to breath. 
‘You lost it Karl. You lost it.’ Mitch said as he walked towards the room where Karl came from.
In his dying seconds, Karl managed to scream out one more word. ‘Bomb!’
Mitch saw how Karl pushed a button. On the button, Mitch saw that he had only ten seconds left.
Mitch entered the room and found all three of them, Sandra, Mia and Frederic bound to a pipe. They were not gagged. Frederic had this look that he already accepted his death. Sandra however, was filled with rage, like Mitch always said she had. She used that rage to keep Mia safe. It was the same rage that Mitch could hear in her voice.
‘Safe Mia!’
Mitch shot at Mia’s rope and looked one more time at Sandra. She told him without words that it was not his fault. Mitch felt sorry for the fact that he was unable to safe anyone. He knew he had two more seconds before everybody was blown up. Mia stood in front of Mitch, and she stood in front of the window. Mitch saw how Sandra turned her head towards Frederic
‘I love you’, she said to him. 
‘I love you too’, Frederic said as they put their hands on each others.
The bomb exploded and caused Mitch and Mia to be blown through the window that they were standing in front of. Sandra and Frederic died in the same second as Mitch was able to catch Mia with all his power. He was also able to turn them around so that Mia would fell on him instead of he on her. The house enlightened in fire while Mitch and Mia were still falling towards the ground. Would they survive? Mitch hoped that at least she would. Mia deserved a better life. A life without him, without fire, without blood, without bullets.
Myrtle Beach, Robert’s hideout in a Motel, 31 January 2010
Meanwhile, Robert and Eveline were about to leave their motel room. They were dressed and ready to leave. Robert held the keys of their car while Eveline checked the news. She read the article that said that Robert McEachran was also a wanted fugitive as of now by the United States CIA. Robert opened the door, not knowing that a squat of six highly trained CIA agents surrounded the motel rooms at the front. 
Chapter 11:
A Fiery Thunderbolt
Myrtle Beach, Robert’s hideout in a Motel, 31 January 2010
Robert opened the door and at the same time a bullet missed him literally by an inch. Before a second bullet could crack his skull, Eveline pulled Robert on both his shoulders backwards. They fell in the motel room on each other. Eveline pushed Robert off of her and grabbed her gun. At the same time. Multiple persons were shooting at their apartment room. Robert crept toward the back to cover himself.
Unlike Eveline and Mitch, Robert had a different kind of instinct. he was not a trained killer, never hit anybody and only did gun practice on the fairy. Eveline kept the enemy at a distance, but, Robert knew that this would not last long and that they were outnumbered. So, was he just simply going to accept that today would not be such a good day after all? Of course not. Robert was one of the brightest men from Europe. 
Eveline kept her eyes at the enemies while she heard how Robert entered the bath room. She didn’t even think about him or his plans. She needed to do only one thing, not dying today. It was not her time, not like this. Then a bullet came through the wall and stroke her left shoulder. A wound began to bleed but, it could have been much more worse of course.
 ‘Robert, can you find us a way out?!’, she yelled.
But, Robert didn’t respond.
Robert had above average knowledge in architecture because he had followed a minor after his education. He checked the wall between their room and the next and figured out that he should be able to crack it. While the gunfire caused a lot of noise, Robert used this as his chance to tear down the wall. He used his elbows multiple times to break the wall. After many attempts in a minute, when his shoulders began to hurt, he finally was able to break the wall.
Eveline heard the noise coming from the bath room and couldn’t hide her smile. She knew exactly what Robert was doing, he wasn’t a cold blooded killer, but, he was smart. And his survival instinct were beyond that of a decent lawyer. It might be just good enough to safe both their asses.
Robert walked towards the other room and crept towards the window. He turned the television and then crept towards the corner, out of sight. Then he used the reflection of the television to count how many people there were shooting at them. Then he saw one falling down. There were five more.
Eveline was able to kill one of them before Robert came back. She was still laying on the ground.
‘What do you say Eveline, surprise attack?’
‘What did you do?’
‘I opened a door’, Robert said sarcastically.
‘Well done.’
Santa Domingo (Dominican Republic), Frederic’s House 31 January 2010
The thing about bombs is that they are affective. A giant force of fire trying to find its way to the open air. Fire needs oxygen, much of it as one of the three things to survive. It was the blast that pushed Mitch and Mia out of the house through the glass just before the fire found its way to where they were standing.
Mitch woke up and had no clue how long he was out. He remembered rapidly what had happened. How he killed cell 0080 and how he was able to cut Mia loose before the explosion. How he watched two people at the end of their life’s expressing their feelings one last time to each other. Then everything went blank. Where was Mia?
He could feel the stiffness in his whole body. He remembered that he was able to swap places with Mia while they were falling. If he had survived the blast, than she must have survived also. His left knee hurt and he was sure that a few ribs were fractured. Breathing in and out was not as flexible as it used to, but, he was alive. 
‘Mia!’, he screamed. 
Mitch was able to get himself up. Now he was sitting while he watched at the burning house. The fires provided light, but, Mitch didn’t saw a body laying anywhere close in his hazy view. Only now it occurred to him that he had an astonishing headache. 
‘Mia! Where are you?’
Then he found out that he was shot during the events of the his evening. A wound was bleeding. It didn’t hurt. The agency took care of his senses before he became operative. Mitch was like a human machine when he started. And even twenty years later, well almost, he still barely felt anything except the stiffness. 
When he tried to stand up and was already on one of his knees, he saw a shadow in the night approaching him. It wasn’t a shadow of course. It was Mia. She ran towards him. She ran, which meant she survived.
‘Are you all right?’, Mitch asked.
‘Better than you’, the ten year old said. Probably too much filled with adrenaline to even process what happened today.
‘What did you do?’
‘I walked around to find out if anyone is in the neighbour. Your wounded.’
‘Help me on my feet if you really want to help.’
Mia assisted Mitch to stand up while both could hear the sound of police cars in the distance.
‘Did you kill all of them?’, Mia asked.
Mitch looked at her, not knowing how to respond. Then he accepted the fact that Mia forever changed after that explosion.
‘All of them Mia. I made sure that they suffered every single one of them.’
‘You came to safe us. I love you.’
‘I should have saved your mom also.’
‘The moment we were caught, we were lost. You did everything you could. And don’t say it’s your fault because it isn’t. But, you have to find whoever planned this. I promised mom you would.’
Mitch leaning on the ten year old saw the headlights in a distance.
‘I’m glad you’re all right Mia. Was it your own idea to move towards the window?’
‘I thought, what would you do. So, I moved, explaining that I wanted to look outside. The Japanese guy allowed me too.’
‘You’re a clever girl Mia.’
‘What can I say, I learn from the best. You are not going to leave me again will you?’
Then Mitch lost his balance and feel on the ground. Mia almost fell with him. Mitch sighed deeply.
‘Run Mia, get your ass away from here.’, Mitch said.
Mia looked at him and knew that he was serious. She also knew why. They wouldn’t be able to flee together before the police would arrive. She would be kept imprisoned until the case was closed.
‘I love you ops’, she said and leaned forward to kiss Mitch on his left cheek.
‘You are never alone Mia, remember that’, Mitch said before she ran away.
Myrtle Beach, Robert’s hideout in a Motel, 31 January 2010
They both went to the other room. Eveline gave one of her guns to Robert in order to prevent one of the attackers to enter via the hole Robert created. Eveline opens the door slowly and is able to see two of the attackers. She also sees that one of them already entered the motel room.
‘Robert’, she whispered, ‘One is heading your way.’
Robert eyes grew a little but, he stayed focused.
Eveline’s adrenalin left her body as she tried to calm herself to the point where it could not influence her marksmanship. She thought about the moment when Lisa Neagley was killed in front of her. The shooter maintained a low level of adrenaline because he hit Lisa two times. With two shots. Then she thought about Mitch, she missed him, his hand. Would she be able to shoot both? 
Robert saw one of them coming closer to the bath room. He saw a glimpse of the person in the reflection of the bath room mirror. When Robert saw the man’s left foot he aimed his gun at the doorway and hit himself as much as possible. Would it make any difference? Of course not. The wall was far too thin. Robert kept shooting and shooting but, the person didn’t shoot back. Now why didn’t he shoot back? 
Eveline shot four times, just before both attackers would be out of range. These were her last bullets. She then closed her eyes as she heard footsteps coming her way. She was thinking about the day when she thought to be killed for the first time. It was almost one year ago when a group of highly skilled mercenaries entered her apartment in London when she just began working for CTU. 
Robert saw the lifeless body on the ground and walked towards Eveline. He heard the click in her gun and knew what that meant. It meant she was out of bullets. Robert saw that she had her eyes closed and so he went outside. Two bodies lay on the ground. Which made him ask himself why she was upset. If she was upset.
‘What’s wrong Eveline?’
She opened her eyes and Robert was standing in front of her. ‘Did I kill them?’
‘Well, they are death.’
‘Wait, what about the other one. The one I told you was coming your way?’
‘Death.’
‘We make hell of a team Robert.’
‘I counted six of the’, Robert said.
‘That means, there is still one out there...’, Eveline said.
‘What do we do now?’
‘We have to go. He’s probably calling for back-up. Do you still have bullets?’
‘None.’
‘Dammit...’, Eveline answered.
Santa Domingo (Dominican Republic), Main road 1 February 2010
After she ran away, Mitch was about to give it up. Just let it slide away. he was sure as hell not going to prison. Then his inner clock told him it was twelve o’clock at night. Which meant it was 1 February 2010. His father would be celebrating his birthday today if he was still alive. No, not today Mitch said to himself as he stood up and marched away from the burning house while the police arrived in the background.
Eventually he was able to make it to a road that led outside the city. He kept walking away from the city where two of the best died. He never knew Frederic, but, he was good to Sandra. Which meant he was a good person with a solid heart. They died because of him. No matter what Mia told him. But, she was right in one thing. He should get the man that ordered the hit. Someone was going to answer for this, going to bleed for this. The rage, it filled him again like a fiery thunderbolt. Rage was what kept him alive, rage will be what is going to keep him going. Rage, for Mitch it was comparable to love. Now he finally began to understand the meaning of the word love again. 
Mitch stumbled his way away from Santa Domingo when he saw the headlights of a car nearing by. It eventually pulled over in front of him. Mitch’s thoughts were blank. He felt like he could kill anyone that was coming out of that car. 
An unstoppable force awoke in him. Shelley, Sandra, Groyetski. Nobody should have the power to kill that much good people. Not to mention people like Gustanso or the fact that Mia was almost killed too. And his brother, god dammed. He would find them, and everyone standing in his way was going down for the count. Then someone stepped out of the car. It was a familiar face. It was Dembé. He opened another door. Raymond Reddington himself stepped out of the vehicle.
‘Had a rough night Mr. Crowne?’, He began, ‘You should get in the car. I have a proposal for you.’
 ‘Not interested.’
‘I have a way out for you. If you like it or not.’
‘I have my own way out Reddington. Now if you’d like to life, get the hell out of my view.’
‘You are not going to last very much longer. You know that.’
‘Nothing can stop me. Not even death himself.’
‘You should really listen...’, he was interrupted by Mitch.
‘Not.. interested...’, Mitch said furiously.
Then a third person left the car.
‘Get in the car’, she said, ‘Remember the promise I made mom. You have to get in. He told me you would die else why. Please, do it for me.’
Raymond was wise enough not to add any word in this conversation. knowing very well the man Mitch Crowne was. ‘Please daddy’, she said. 
Myrtle Beach, Robert’s hideout in a Motel, 31 January 2010
Eveline ran towards a car to seek cover. They discussed what to do. Robert and she. Robert wanted to do the running, but, Eveline eventually won the discussion since she was way more experienced. Eveline thought for a moment that this was not going to end very well. Until she touched the car. Where was the sixth man? 
It lasted maybe twenty seconds before Robert also made it to the car. They were sitting ducks under a streetlight. Then Robert saw that Eveline was hurt.
‘You should visit a Hospital dear’, he said.
‘Where is the sixth person. there were six, right?’, She asked.
‘I am hundred percent sure. Six.’
‘Well were sitting ducks here. Let’s see if we can start this car.’
‘How? We don’t have the keys’, Robert said.
‘My hands are my keys’, Eveline winked.
‘Shouldn’t we at least try to get one of their weapon?’Robert pointed at the death bodies, ‘Doesn’t look like they still need them anyway’, he joked.
‘I like your sense of humour’, Eveline said and kissed him for one second, ‘Now let’s get the hell out of here.’
Chapter 12:
Eye Of The Storm
Myrtle Beach, Robert’s hideout in a Motel, 31 January 2010
Eveline opened the door and was able to switch of the alarm before it even went off. She first disabled the alarm wire beneath the car and used the pin in Robert’s belt to pick the lock of the old car. Then she hotwired the old Volkswagen One and opened the co-driver’s door so that Robert could get inside the car.
‘You really need to teach me how you do that.’
‘I can’t Robert, it’s illegal.’
‘Last time I checked, we were both wanted. So, that ship has sailed a long time ago. You know, I used to own such a car. It was the first car I bought’, Robert said.
‘It’s a shitty car Robert.’
Then they both saw a man approaching the car. He was of African descent and kept his hands above his head. This could be the sixth person that Robert had seen earlier. Both Eveline and Robert left the car. Since they had no guns, they had nothing to threat the man with.
‘I am not here to harm you.’
‘Then explain why the hell you shot at us’, Eveline responded aggressive.
‘I was deeply undercover. I shot with blanks. You need to listen to what I have to say. Your very lives are depending on it.’
‘How can we trust you?’
‘A man, named George Dreyfuss send me to collect you.’
‘We are not collectable my friend’, Robert said.
‘What I mean, is that you need to come with me.’
‘What do you think Eveline?’, Robert asked her while looking at her face.
‘You said George Dreyfuss. Why does he want to meet with us?’
‘He will not. You both are fugitives. But, he trusts you. And we need people that are trustable.’
‘For what?’
‘The thing you already were doing. Only difference, this time you work for no one. No strings attached. Just expose the organization that is behind this all.’
‘With only the two of us?’
‘Everything will be sorted out later. Mr. Reddington will address you soon as possible.’
‘What is his interest in exposing a well hidden group of individuals?’, Robert asked.
‘He is being hunted by the same people that now hunt you. He thinks that one can help the other. You really need to decide now, time is running out. The reinforcements are almost here.’
‘What do we do Eveline?’
‘Will we work with the two of us?’
‘No, you will join Reddington personally in this war against humanity. Nobody should practise the power as they do.’
‘Let’s go’, Eveline said while Robert nodded. 
Cap de la Chevre, France, 6 February 2010
The ceremony of Frederic and Sandra was being held in Brest. Reddington personally arranged that the remainders of their bodies could be present while they were buried. It was Frederic and Sandra’s wish to be buried together. However, their bodies were in such a bad condition after the explosion and fire that they were cremated. Their ashes were buried in the coffins. Mia wished to say goodbye to them in another way. So some of their ash was put in an urn. 
Mia wished to scatter some of their remainders over the Atlantic Ocean, so that her mother and Frederic would never stay at one place forever. It also gave her the idea that wherever she was, there was a possibility that they were there to. 
Mitch drove the two of them towards a place he heard Sandra mention once. It was also in the neighbour of Brest, the place where Frederic grew up and were the funeral was. The place Sandra mentioned was Cap de la Chevre. In the end of the afternoon, they arrived at the furthest point of Cap de la Chevre. Both Mia and Mitch could hear every breaking wave of the ocean. It looked aggressive, the manner the waves broke against land. But, the sound made it sound peaceful. And somehow, it fit the reason why they were here.
Mia carried both urns and Mitch followed her. To him it didn’t matter where she wanted to go, he would follow her anyway. Somehow, it was this angel that made him in a way feel alive. They stopped while the sun was descending from its zenith. Mitch kneeled next to Mia and didn’t say anything. In a way, she seemed to share his preference for silence. Sometimes. Mia was young and intelligent, she was pure but, also a broken person. Even if she didn’t knew it herself just yet. She opened both urns and put the ashes together in one.
‘This is how they should go’, she said, ‘Together, always. They loved each other.’
Mitch put his left hand on Mia’s left shoulder while she was done putting the ashes together. They then stood up together. Mitch put his hands on Mia’s sides so that she wouldn’t fall over the edge, Mia scattered the ashes that eventually found its way to the ocean.
‘I think your mother would be pleased by what you just did Mia.’
Then Mia finally broke. Tears began to run from her eyes. Mitch put his arms around her and hugged her.
‘Why couldn’t.. I safe them...’, Mia said, ‘If I am that smart, why couldn’t I come up with something. I could safe them if I tried harder’, she said. ‘Now they are gone. And you are going to leave me also.’
‘You can’t protect what you love all the time. Like I failed her, your mother. But, listen to me Mia, you can love what you protect all the time.. Do you understand that?.. Well, me, leaving your life, is just like that. Your safe with mister Dreyfuss and his wife and far away from the danger and hurt that awaited your mother from the beginning. You simply need to have a better shot at a better life. You owe that to your mother, to Frederic, this world owes it to you. And never forget, they are always with you. You feel them right?’, she nodded and put her hands on Mitch’s, ‘Now it’s the pain that you feel, but, from my point of view Mia, love will replace pain eventually. Just let it in, accept it. And it will guide you forwards.’
‘Will I see you again? I don’t want to lose you.’
‘I have to take care of things, that Mia, is what I owe to your mother and Frederic. They put them in a grave, so now I’m going to do the same to them. And like you, I will not disappoint her.’
‘Then also don’t disappoint me! Come home.’
There they were standing, Mia, a ten year old orphan and Mitch, a highly trained former assassin hugged each other like father and daughter. Long time ago his father told him before he was killed that we get the world we deserve. What kind of stupidity was that? Mia deserved far more better than this. And Mitch, maybe he had to change his play, the first time since the beginning of his training, he felt commitment. To a ten year old. His reckless way of doing things were over. He had to stay alive for Mia. If only for her well being. That, was what he really owed to Sandra. 
‘I will not disappoint you Mia, never.’
‘People say that I’m an orphan. I’m not. I still have you. I really consider you to be the dad I never have.’
Texel, near Cocksdorp, 4 February 2010
George Dreyfuss wouldn’t let him being surprised for a third time. His wife was also home. They were both informed by Reddington about what happened to a certain little girl. George and his wife agreed to take care of her since they were the only pair Mitch trusted to parent Mia through puberty. George event liked the idea of having Mia around, even if he knew that it would be a hard thing to do. 
Mitch and Mia spend a few more days together in Belgium, in the Ardennes to come to their selves. Enjoy life as much as they could in the circumstances they were in. Then they drove towards the Netherlands and watched a soccer game. It was PSV against FC Utrecht. Toivonen scored a goal which resulted in Mitch buying a jersey for Mia with his name on it. Mitch was even surprised that Mia suggested watching a soccer game with him. In the car on their way to Texel, she explained why. 
Sandra had told Mia stories about Mitch. About his youth. Stories, which Mitch had told her while they lived together briefly. Mitch had watched a few games with his father in Eindhoven, and all the matches were won by PSV. The club both Harvey and Mitch supported. 
Mitch and George drank a bottle of Bavaria together while George’s wife Emily took Mia towards the sea. Emily was a 54 year old widower that still was operative as lawyer. She told Mia to come with her and see the sea. Mitch told Mia already that the sea at Texel was beautiful. She agreed but, made Mitch promise not to leave without saying goodbye.
‘What is your game plan Mitch?’
‘I don’t know the names and the places George. But, I won’t stop till I find the man responsible.’
‘I heard you are going to work together with Reddington.’
‘I am not.’
‘He will assist you.’
‘You could put it in that way. I have a name and a place and a time. I will show up and I hope that one thing leads to another.’
‘Who is the name?’
‘Cherikov.’
‘The Russians already dislike you, they will want to see you burn if you take him out.’
‘They never know I did it. They never see it coming.’
‘I’m sure they won’t. But, I have to get this out of my head. I arranged a team for you. For after you finished with Cherikov. Eveline Turner and Robert McEachran will assist you. It was my idea, not Reddington’s.’
‘Why?’
‘You need people around you that can protect you. Your rusty Mitch. Russia did nothing good for yah.’
‘You’re a good man George. Take care of Mia’, Mitch said as he stood up.
‘You better survive Mitch, because after this, you will take care of her yourself.’
‘I am not really the father type.’
‘No, but, Mia isn’t the normal daughter type either.’
Mitch finished his beer. ‘I never gave it some thought what I would do afterwards. I don’t plan. It makes you vulnerable in my opinion.’
‘Mia needs you Mitch.’
‘Maybe I’ll take her on a trip, I still have a sister to find...’, Mitch said as he walked away, towards the beach of course.
Mitch was again on his knees so that Mia and he could look straight in each other’s eyes.
‘You will visit once in a while, will you?’
‘I cannot make a promise which I may be unable to fulfil Mia. Right now, everything is about avenging your mother and Frederic.’
‘I know I will see you again dad. Because you already promised me.’
Mitch grinned and kissed her on her cheek. ‘Be well Mia, behave. That’s what you have to promise me.’
‘Promise’, Mia said as she hugged him. Then Mitch left and disappeared in the horizon while Mia and Emily returned home also.
Burdines waterfront, Florida keys, 4 February 2010
Robert and Eveline were transferred to the keys by plane. Reddington would meet them in the marina today to inform them about the secret organization that was known as the Cabal. Reddington arrived late in the morning, exactly one minute too late. Both Robert and Eveline had spend the last couple of days hidden away from the outside world. They lived in a remote house in the middle of the woods a few miles further. They also bonded and grew to each other. The sun was shining bright when they were sitting in the boat they were informed to meet Reddington.
‘Let’s enjoy the weather, shall we?’, Reddington said as Dembé started the boat.
‘It’s all about the connections’, Reddington started. ‘You know as well that the organization we are trying to lure out has a great deal of influence in multiple countries. They overshadow almost everything and sometimes make decisions for their own good. To fill their own pockets.’
‘Where do we come in? Cut to the chase’, Eveline said.
‘A few days ago I picked up Mitch Crowne in Santa Domingo. He is going to try to make a first connection. You both are going to work with him on this. Either you like it or not, he’s the best hand we have. And it will be only the three of you. No need to address me. I will only provide you with everything you need.’
‘Why do you want them out of the picture so much? So that you can take over?’, Robert asked sharp.
‘Let me say, we have a common enemy. We both win when this thing comes out. Everybody should know the truth, only a few get it to know. Are you in or not?’
Both agreed.
‘Fine, Robert. You need to stay in the shadows. This will be your operation space. The house is filled with everything you need to assist Eveline and Mitch.’
‘You want me to partner up with Mitch?’
‘You guys proofed to be a good team in Malta. To be more precisely. You must pick him up right in about three days.’
‘Where is he?’
‘He will be in Washington.’
Hilton Washington, Room 306, 7 February 2010
Cherikov was in the United States for business. He had a schedule filled with meetings and political stuff that made it almost impossible to hide his own agenda. He had spoken with Mr. Home about his role in the most secret organization in the world. He was preparing himself for a meet and greet with the person that was Mr. Home’s direct superior. Cherikov was brushing his teeth in the bathroom and thinking about the situation with Groyetski. He was his best agent. Was. In Groyetski’s final years, there was certainly a lack of quality in Groyetski’s performances. he should have stayed out the picture and retired earlier. Then he wouldn’t be death now.
Cherikov looked at himself in the mirror. He was a self made man. His father was an influential politician in the cold war, but, Cherikov paved his own way to success. Now it was the perfect time to get to the next level. Once he was included in the organization as full grown member, his life goals would be fulfilled. Then he finally could say to himself that he was better than his old man. He laughed and felt perfect. That was, until he left the bath room...
He felt like something wasn’t right. Was it the silence, too clean or just his paranoia? Paranoia wasn’t that bad of course. It kept you sharp as long as it didn’t influence every movement in your life. But, then his moment of joy floated out of his body when he looked at the desk. There was a man sitting in it. Worse, he had a gun. The look of the gun revealed that it was a silenced gun. 
‘Who are you?’, Cherikov asked calmly.
‘Sit down’, the other person said with a deep American voice. Then he swayed with his gun. Cherikov did what he said and took place opposite the intruder. 
‘Do you want to join your men Cherikov?’, Mitch asked.
‘This an outrage!’, he almost tried to scream. But, Mitch made a warning sign with his gun that prevented him from doing so.
‘You are going to tell me something’, Mitch said and sighed, ‘It is Home isn’t it?’
‘I do not understand you, who are you?’
‘I am a certain man you don’t want to lie to. Some call me the Savage, some say I’m the devil of New York. For your sake, call me Mr. Crowne.’
‘That’s a lie. Mitch Crowne, he died in the fire.’
‘Is that so? Who is your contact within the CIA Cherikov?’
‘They are going to kill me. You will. Why should I trade in my last piece of dignity.’
‘I won’t kill you if you help us. You have my word.’
‘You’re a man without loyalties, if you are Mitch Crowne. How can I trust you?’
‘Depends on it, what is more worth to you. Dignity or life?’
Cherikov sighed deeply. 
‘Who authorised the hit in Santa Domingo? Who ordered you to kill a good agent. Now or never Cherikov.’
‘You’re right.’
‘What? Didn’t hear you.’
‘It was Home.’ 
Mitch stood up and walked towards Cherikov. ‘Now, are you going to help me settle the score?’
‘It will mean suicide.’
‘But, at least, you keep your dignity’, Then Mitch hit the man on his neck, causing Cherikov to pass out.
He had dragged Cherikov out of his apartment, killed all of his security on his way in and used the elevator to the parking space beneath the Hilton hotel. Of course there would be cameras that had filmed him, but, he would change cars before the police even found out which car he drove away in.
A few miles away from the Hilton hotel. Mitch parks his car in a parking garage. Another car is standing with its back to his Mitch opens his trunk which reveals that Cherikov is still alive but, unconscious. Then the trunk of the black crown vic pops open. Mitch grabs Cherikov’s body and puts it in the other vehicle. Then he enters the car which is driven by Eveline Turner, who now has half long hair. Mitch seated himself and first looked at his right. Eveline stared at Mitch. Then they had eye contact.
Mitch nodded, ‘It was him. Richard Bennard Home.’
‘Guys we were just in the eye of the storm. Let’s smoke the smug out’, Eveline replied.
‘He betrayed all of us. His ass is mine. I owe that to certain people.’
‘You’ll get your chance Mitch.’
‘I will.. Let’s bring the storm to their doorstep’, Mitch concluded with much confidence. Then Eveline started the car and drove away calmly. It was raining outside. But, then again, "It can’t rain all the time."
XXX The End XXX
Thank you for reading this book. I hope you enjoyed reading it as I did writing it. I’m still perfecting my storytelling and grammar skills and hope the mistakes you encountered weren’t too disturbing. There’s more to come, so I added a little preview for you here.
MacShayne
About the author
MacShayne is the pseudonym of a Frisian born Dutch writer and actor. He mainly writes English romance- or thriller short stories. Apart from short stories, he also writes lyrics and film scripts. Currently, he is also working on his first Dutch novel which will tie-in with some of his romance short stories. As an actor, he has made multiple appearances in Dutch or Frisian (short)films and series.
Apart from writing and acting, he also completed Small Business and Retail Management at Hanze University of Applied Sciences, Groningen in 2017. His other interests include supporting football club PSV Eindhoven, collecting various CD’s and DVD’s, sports, history, travelling and reading books. In the future he wants to learn at least three more foreign languages.
Discover other titles by MacShayne
Mitch Crowne (book series)
1. The Drifter
2. Manhunt
3. A Dangerous Man
4. Killing Crowne
5. Perfect Enemy
6. Cold Case
Other Books
Once Upon a Time in Navajo
Contact me
Follow me on facebook via: authormacshayne
E-mail me via: emailmacshayne
Preview Blood Season
Langley (Virginia), Mr. Home's office, 7 February 2010
Richard Bennard Home was  sitting behind his desk and looking at a picture of him with his wife and their only daughter. Mister Home was the person that ordered the assassination of one of the best pupils he ever had to his disposal. He also put Eveline Turner on the assassination list and knew that this might be his dead sentence. Also, since Mitch Crowne's body was not found in the Dominican republic. He knew Crowne better than the most within this agency, and now he would certainly aim his full attention on the one person that had betrayed him. 
His assistant downstairs informed him that he had company. The man that was visiting him was his superior and a known as a ghost within the US defence system. Alan Fitch was also highly connected with the same organisation that Home himself was associated with. The Cabal. Home looked one more time at the photo of his beautiful wife and late daughter Crystal. She was the reason that he had joined the Cabal. Since 9-11, his opinion about the defence system changed dramatically. And he accepted the offer the Cabal had given him for multiple years. 
The door swung open and two FBI agents entered the room before Alan Fitch himself followed. Mr. Home stood up and waited until Fitch stopped in front of him. The two shook hands before Home offered Fitch a seat.
'You know that I only visit when it has the highest priority Mr. Home.'
'As of now, I'm dealing with the problem the best way we possibly can.'
'We believe you do, but the situation is out of hands. It reached crisis level one and has now our full attention. Your man is believed to be responsible for abducting and presumably killing Cherikov.'
'Why didn't I know earlier?'
'Because it happened just moments ago. And you know what this means. When he talks which we must assume, you're the first he's going to give up', Fitch said as he chuckled. 'Now does he have any information that can expose anything about me or the organization.'
'Not according to my knowledge.'
Fitch sighed. 'Mitch Crowne has proved himself to be a huge threat. There's nor room for any more underestimation Home. We have to deal with him now. Or else we have to take other measures.'
'I understand completely. Mitch Crowne has our full attention.'
'We have to take into account that Mitch Crowne is working with another party.'
'Raymond Reddington.'
'If he gets anything to his disposal that contains data about us, than he can use it as leverage against us.'
'So, if we take out Crowne, he will try again with someone else.'
'You see where I am getting at?'
'The core of the whole threat is not Crowne, he's the operator.'
'Reddington has been years on the list, he was never found nor came near apprehension.'
'Do whatever it takes Home. This has our first priority now. Contain the damage!'
'I will, too much is at stake right now.'
Fitch looks at the picture and sighs again. 'We are doing something good Home. Don't forget that.'
