
CHOICE MATTERS










Jamie Salisbury










Erotic Romance











ABOUT THE E-BOOK YOU HAVE PURCHASED: Your non-refundable purchase of this e-book allows you to only ONE LEGAL copy for your own personal reading on your own personal computer or device. You do not have resell or distribution rights without the prior written permission of both the publisher and the copyright owner of this book. This book cannot be copied in any format, sold, or otherwise transferred from your computer to another through upload to a file sharing peer to peer program, for free or for a fee, or as a prize in any contest. Such action is illegal and in violation of the U.S. Copyright Law. Distribution of this e-book, in whole or in part, online, offline, in print or in any way or any other method currently known or yet to be invented, is forbidden. If you do not want this book anymore, you must delete it from your computer.

WARNING: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to 5 years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000. 


Choice Matters
Copyright © 2014  Jamie Salisbury


First E-book Publication:  August 2014 - Secret Cravings Publishing
Second E-book Publication: September 2015 - Jamie Salisbury	

Cover design by Dawné Dominique
Edited by Tabitha Bower
Proofread by Renee Waring

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: This literary work may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission.

All characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

PUBLISHER
Jamie Salisbury
http://www.jamiesalisbury.com/


Dedication
My "muse" for Apolo Choice, Mackenzie Kennedy, who left us far too soon.  There are many people I should thank...Liam, C-boy, DC...the list goes on and on. You know who you are, my faithful warriors who beta read and make suggestions, or in some cases rip it apart. Without all of you and your feedback, none of this would be possible. Thank you. 
And a huge Thank You to my readers!




CHOICE MATTERS
Southern Heat series 1
Jamie Salisbury
Copyright © 2015

Chapter One


Caitlyn

It was bizarre to say the least, how random the interviews were. No one knew who would be next, and everyone was fair game. I’d heard plenty about Apolo Choice in the four years since I’d come to work at Choice Enterprises. Rumors, innuendos…I was never sure where the stories left off and the real man began. Oh sure, he sat in on many a merger and acquisitions meeting.
Our interaction though has been merely professional. A handshake, perhaps some words of praise. As far as the man himself? That’s as close as I’ve ever gotten.
Apolo Choice owns half of the city of Atlanta, if not more. Or at least that’s how the story goes. His reach spreads far into the surrounding cities and counties that make up the rest of Georgia.
Still, I’d never met him on a personal level. Oh I’d seen photos, plenty of them. He was a regular in the tabloids as well as the Atlanta society pages. Apolo Choice was, after all, one of most eligible bachelors in the world. He was, as they say, a hot commodity. All the women wanted him, but none had him. Mr. Choice, it seemed, kept his private life deep undercover, dark and mysterious.
The interviews were rumored to be for that of his right hand man or woman, as he had promoted Nick Jacobs to run the London branch. As soon as Nick was out the door, the search began. It was said that Apolo Choice knew talent mere seconds after speaking with a person. He was aware he had an entire building full of it, and this was where he would go first. All outsiders’ sparkling resumes were tossed aside into a file. Just in case.
Now, here I was, seated in his outer office, waiting to be summoned by one of the world’s premier business moguls. I smiled nervously over at Renee, his assistant of more years than I had been at Choice Enterprises.
“Are you sure I can’t get you something, Caitlyn? A bottle of water or a Coke? Coffee, perhaps?”
“No, I’m fine. Thanks, though.” I glanced up at her. She was older, in her early forties. Her hair was thick, highlighted blonde, and hung at her shoulders. Her dark brown eyes accented her face. It would be hard to guess she wasn’t a natural blonde in one fashion or another. The navy suit she wore probably cost half what I made in a week.
Meanwhile, I was decked out in my black pencil skirt and white blouse with matching black pumps. I was quite sure they had come from stores Renee hadn’t stepped into in years.
A moment later, one of the lights on her phone lit up. Taking the handset in her elegantly manicured hand, the woman spoke softly. In the next instant, she returned the receiver to its place and stood. “If you’ll follow me, Mr. Choice will see you now.”
I followed her to a closed door that appeared to be at the start of a long hallway. She knocked lightly before opening it, standing against the dark mahogany as she gestured to the two seats situated in front of a large chrome and glass desk. The occupant, Apolo Choice, had his back to us, his attention focused on whoever he was speaking with on the phone.
The door shut behind us, and I stared out at the downtown view of Atlanta skyscrapers through the windows.
“Good afternoon, Ms. White.” The chair swung around, and before me was the most perfect looking man God has ever made. Apolo Choice did indeed live up to his name. Dark, dangerous, and handsome, if those qualities are possible all in one. Piercing, graphite colored eyes jumped out at me. His mink brown hair lay perfectly on the collar of his crisp, white shirt.
He stood, unfolding his lean, muscular frame from his seat. It was obvious the man worked out and enjoyed the outdoors. He had a perfect tan. Everything about him seemed to be perfect.
I stood, making sure my pencil skirt was as straight and professional looking as possible. I extended my hand in his direction. “Good afternoon, Mr. Choice.” I stumbled over my words a little, trying not to make an idiot out of myself.
His handshake was firm and professional. I noted his hand was well manicured, but then I imagined he was that way all over. I took his cue and sat, staying upright in the middle of the chair, not wanting to look too uncaring.
“So, Ms. White, I see you’ve worked for us for the past four years in mergers and acquisitions and that you were made the assistant department head recently. I take it you’re comfortable with that?”
“Yes, yes, I am. It seemed like a natural fit, bringing recently purchased or acquired firms and blending them into Choice Enterprises.”
“But not so natural for some folks. You can’t have a soft heart, as you well know. There is a not-so-pleasant side to it all. But you seem to make people feel at ease through the process. I admire that.”
I tried not to appear too shocked by his off-the-cuff compliment. From what I had found out about Apolo Choice through internet research was that he rarely, if ever, gave out praise. Still, I hadn’t a clue as to why he had sought me out. But the man was not one for small talk, apparently.
“Ms. White…Caitlyn. May I call you ‘Caitlyn’?”
I nodded my head absentmindedly in agreement. Who was this man? What powers did he possess? Because he certainly had me under his spell, whatever it was.
“Caitlyn, I’m sure you’ve heard the gossip and rumors going around about the position I’m looking to fill.” He stopped, leaning back in his seat, eyeing me. Both elbows rested on the arms, and he tapped his index fingers together.
“I don’t pay attention to gossip or rumors, Mr. Choice. I do know that you promoted Mr. Jacobs to head your London operations and are seeking someone to fill his position. Am I close?”
“Yes, that’s right. Nick’s talents are best used in London right now, and yes, I’m looking for someone to fill his shoes. I’ve been interviewing for about three weeks,” he replied, his posture still unchanged.
There was something primal about this man, something animalistic.. I tried to concentrate on what he was saying and not the acute awareness I found myself having over his body and his movements. It made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. “If you don’t mind my asking, Mr. Choice, exactly what does the job consist of?”
“Please, call me Apolo, and no, I don’t mind your questions. The position is really more or less one of being my assistant. It comes with the title of Executive Vice President, if that matters. I need that person to be able to accompany me to various functions and meetings, both here and abroad, as needed. Or go in my place if I’m not available.”
“I don’t know—” I started to say I had no idea on earth why he would remotely think I was qualified for the position, but he cut me off in mid-sentence.
“If you can work in acquisitions, you can easily handle this.”
Without any further discussion, we were finished. He rose from his chair and extended his hand once again. In Apolo Choice’s world, everything was black and white. There was no room for chitchat or shades of gray. I shook his hand and allowed him to lead me to the door. His palm settled on the small of my back as he did. At his touch, I felt my body light up in ways it hadn’t in eons.
“Thank you for your time, Mr. Choice, um, Apolo.” I peered over at him, trying to get a read off him, but his face gave nothing away. He was not a tall man, six foot I thought, but he cut a menacing figure, every inch of him.
“I’ll be in touch, Caitlyn.”

* * * *

“Caitlyn! Caitlyn! Where are you? You look like a deer in the headlights,” Isabel called out. Isabel Kelley was my roommate and best friend. Unlike me, Isabel was far more practical, having recently finished her Master’s program in nursing, all while working full-time, I might add. Her goal was to become director of nursing at a prestigious hospital, or better yet, hospital administrator.
“I’m sorry, Izzie, just lost in thought, I suppose.” I made my best attempt at a laugh, trying hard for it not to sound forced.
“You looked stressed,” she replied, handing me a glass of Chardonnay. “And you never get stressed out at work.”
“Did I tell you that Apolo Choice is looking for a replacement for his assistant, who is now in London?”
“Hmmm, I vaguely recall something. Why? What’s up?”
“He’s been interviewing in house.” I lifted the glass and took a swallow of the chilled wine as I glanced in Isabel’s direction.
“No! You?”
“Yep, he called me in this afternoon. Why, I haven’t a clue.”
“You went, right?”
“Of course. I’m sure it’s some unwritten offense to turn Apolo Choice down if he summons you to his office.”
“Then, what is it? Did he offer you the job? What?”
“Oh hell, Izzie. The man looks as though he just stepped out of the pages of some fashion magazine. He’s a god, just like his name.”
“Well, he does own a mega business empire.”
“Oh no, he looks like nothing or no one I’ve ever seen. He’s gorgeous, Izzie. Sex oozes out of his pores, his very essence. He’s dark, dangerous, and makes my body act in ways it shouldn’t.”
“Sounds like he needs to be cloned, girlfriend.”
“No, I have a feeling one Apolo Choice is all this world can handle. There’s something about him. I can’t put my finger on it.”
“Well, drink your wine and grab a shower. I think we need to discuss the mysterious Mr. Choice over Chinese…my treat.”
I started to hedge, but knew Isabel wouldn’t take no for an answer. She never did, not when it came to something that shook me up as much as this entire interview. Interview, hell, it was Apolo Choice that rocked me to my core, and Izzie knew my vulnerabilities.
By the time we made it back home from dinner, neither of us felt any pain. Thank goodness our favorite Chinese place was well within walking distance. The two of us, a couple glasses of plum wine later, had solved the ills of the world and the fate of Mr. Apolo Choice. He would never choose me out of all the better-qualified candidates he had.
A bad boy was something I certainly didn’t need in my life. Not after Alexander Vanderbilt and the drama he’d left behind when he walked out of my life.
The following morning, Friday, I awoke with a searing headache. Groaning, I forced myself out of bed and into the kitchen, led by the smell of fresh coffee. Isabel, gone an hour or so earlier, had left her signature brew, along with a note to take the headache powders and drink the bottle of water she had so thoughtfully and strategically placed for me.
I sucked down the medicine with a long swig before I picked up a coffee mug off the counter and poured myself a hot, steaming cup. When would I ever learn? Never on a work night. Oh well, it had almost gotten my mind off Mr. Bad Boy.
Somehow, I managed to make it into my office unseen, just as I wanted. If I could be left alone to vegetate for another hour until the throbbing in the back of my head lessened, I’d be fine. Smooth sailing. But that was not to be. Chuck Lewis, my immediate boss, stuck his head around the doorframe.
“Good morning,” he said cheerfully, ignoring the signs that I’d been out and consumed a few too many the night before. “You must have made quite an impression on Mr. Choice.”
Chuck Lewis was my co-conspirator in running mergers and acquisitions. The two of us had gotten along like a pair of old shoes from the moment we met. Our ideas on how to do things were remarkably similar.
A small, but muscular man, Chuck was a running fanatic. Rain or shine Chuck was always pounding the pavement somewhere in midtown Atlanta, training for his next race. He said it helped him focus, and was where some of his best ideas came from. Married, with two adorable daughters, Chuck may have seemed like just another lower management worker at a huge empire, but he had his own plans.
“How’s that?”
“Renee? His secretary? She called about a half hour ago and said Mr. Choice wants to meet with you again. Lunch in his office at twelve-thirty.”
I shot him a look, one I hoped seethed of exasperation. There was too much to do today without Mr. Bad Boy meddling.
“What? I would think you’d be bouncing off the ceilings, getting a callback interview and lunch with Mr. Choice. I know I would.”
“Under different circumstances, yes. I simply don’t get him. There are others far more qualified. Why waste his time on me?”
“Hmmm, perhaps there’s more than what meets the eye, Caitlyn. Do you know how many women would give their right arm to be in your place? Hell, Katie will be burning up the phone lines, wanting details. Enjoy! Remember, you can always say you had a private lunch with Apolo Choice.”
Katie was Chuck’s wife. She was the daughter of another old, Atlanta real estate family. Like many young women of our times, she was educated, but still possessed the old southern charm her mama had taught her.
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right,” I giggled, tilting my head. Every woman in the building would be green with envy.

* * * *

Twelve-twenty came far too soon. At least my headache had let up, and I was more focused than earlier. Checking my make-up one last time before returning my purse to its designated drawer, I grabbed a legal pad and pen and headed toward the bank of elevators. A wolf whistle emerging from Chuck’s office was his seal of approval.
I stood and waited for a car to whisk me up to the executive suite. I tried not to glance at the woman who stared back at me from the shiny doors. Fortunately, I didn’t have a long wait. Most folks were at lunch or leaving, so the trip up to the thirtieth floor was quick.
Exiting the elevator, I noticed Renee patiently waiting at her desk for my arrival. She flashed me a halfcocked smile, which made me wonder if I was late or had done something wrong. If I had, I was sure Apolo Choice would be the first to inform me of my misdeed.
Renee led me once again to the ever-closed door, knocking before opening it. She held it as I walked past. Her face was impossible to read.
And then, there he was, standing in front of the wall of windows just to the left of his desk. He was facing us, his hands shoved deep into the pockets of his suit pants. His jacket hung open, showing off another crisp, white shirt. Drawn to those gray eyes, I made a mental note of how they matched the graphite color of his suit.
The door shut quietly behind me as I stood in awe of this man, this sex god. He wore a lopsided grin on his bronzed face, as though he’d been through this scene before. Countless times, with a slew of women, no doubt. They all halted in their tracks, breathless at what stood in front of them. Oh yeah, he knew he looked good.
He took a step forward. “Hello, Caitlyn, it’s nice to see you again.” He extended his arm toward a small table off to one side of the room. On it were two plates covered with silver cloches. Lunch was served, and whatever it was, it was a far cry from my usual pickings of salad or sandwiches. “I hope you’re hungry. I had Renee order something special.”
“Yes, hello,” I replied as I made my way toward the food. “You didn’t have to go to such trouble. I would have been fine with a sandwich or something.” Suddenly, I was aware of him relieving me of my pad and pen. His long fingers briefly touched mine and sent my pulse coursing through me.
Apolo pulled a chair out for me, pushing it in gently as I sat. Removing a cover, he leaned over and did the same with his. Two small steaks with asparagus and new potatoes.
“I hope your steak is done the way you like. I took a gamble and had Renee order it medium rare.”
“That’s perfect,” I replied nervously.
He sat down across from me, his eyes sparkling as though amused by my manners. “This is lunch, Caitlyn. Simply a way to get to know each other, nothing more. Relax.” He lifted his white, cloth napkin and slid it onto his lap. His gray eyes twinkled, full of mischief.
“I am,” I lied. “Your invitation caught me off guard, that’s all.”
We both said nothing, instead concentrating on the meal in front of us. I cut a piece of the meat and popped it into my mouth. The beef was so tender it almost melted away.
I almost choked at his next remark.
“Tell me, Caitlyn, are you dating, casually or otherwise? I don’t see an engagement ring, so I assume there is no one serious in your life.”
“What business is that of yours? Besides none!” I shot back. I inhaled a deep breath and held it for a couple seconds, hoping I hadn’t overstepped some invisible line with my retort.
“Curious, that’s all.” He eyed me from the other side of the table as I tried desperately not to expose myself to him. Again, his gray eyes seemed to dance in amusement at my reaction. “That’s what I thought. There is no one. Good.” The corners of his mouth curled up, and a faint smile appeared before he took a bite of steak.
I noted the elegance with which he ate. He fastidiously used his cutlery in the European fashion now in vogue in our country. As at ease as he was, it was obvious the man had been schooled in the finer things from an early age.
“Good, how? You’re my boss Mr. Choice, and I make it a habit never to date my employers or co-workers..”
The air between us hung heavy. With what, I wasn’t quite sure, but if I had to guess by the dampness I felt between my thighs, I’d say it was pure sex.
He chuckled, wiping the corners of his mouth. “That’s good to know, but if you haven’t already guessed, Caitlyn, I don’t play by the normal rules of society. I intend to take you out, and I intend to fuck you. End of subject. I was merely being courteous in asking if there was anyone else. Quite frankly, it wouldn’t have mattered.”
“You…you condescending and arrogant son of a bitch!” I blurted out before I knew what hit me. “No one speaks to me in that manner, not even you, Mr. Choice.”
“Apolo, please, Caitlyn.” A deep chuckle left the depths of his throat. Was he mocking me as well?
“And…and don’t use that word around me again. It’s degrading!”
“What word?”
“You know exactly which word I’m talking about!”
He chuckled. “Why?”
“I just told you—it’s disgusting and degrading.”
“Ah, yes, but isn’t that what all animals do? Call it mating, fucking, screwing. It’s all the same thing. It all boils down to making ourselves feel good.”
“Or reproduce.”
“That, too, but with humans it’s more about the pleasure one gets out of the act. For a man, it’s about getting a hard-on and slamming it inside a woman’s cunt until he comes. Pleasure. For a woman, it’s all about taking a man’s dick inside of her and getting the ultimate satisfaction…pleasure.”
“Do you always look at sex so analytically?” I tried not to squirm in my chair. His words, the very cadence of his silky, lustful voice had me wet, and I’d be damned if I’d give him the satisfaction of knowing that his little lecture had me turned on. Quite turned on.
“Always,” he replied, spearing a potato with his fork. “Now, come on, eat up.”
Once again, we ate in relative silence. I tried my best to not look at him, but found it extremely hard not to. The man was like a drug, a dangerous drug. Finally finished, we moved to a small seating area. I chose the chair rather than the sofa. I didn’t trust him…or was it me I didn’t trust?
He handed me a cup of steaming, hot coffee. I, in turn, set it on the table next to me to cool, afraid I would spill it. Every time he got too close, my body reacted almost violently.
Sitting on the sofa, he oozed with sex, but kept his head firmly planted in business. “There’s a fundraiser tomorrow evening at seven o’clock.”
“What? I have nothing to wear, and why in god’s name would you take me?”
“I’ll have my car come around to pick you up, say, around ten tomorrow morning? That ought to give you plenty of time to find something suitable to wear. And you’re going because you’ve been promoted, Ms. White.”
“But, but what if I don’t want the job?”
“Too late now. It’s done. The only way out is for you to quit, and I know you won’t do that.”
“You pompous ass!” I stood up, intending to walk straight out and back to my safe haven. But Apolo had it all worked out.
“Yes, I am, thank you. You will find your office down the hall. Renee will show you to it. As we were having lunch, all of your things were moved upstairs.”
“I have no say in the matter?”
“Of course you do, Caitlyn. I would have expected you to be grateful for this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.”
“Hmmmph.” I stormed towards the closed door, which was immediately opened by Renee, as though on cue.
“Go ahead and take the afternoon off, Caitlyn. Go to a spa, relax. Remember my driver, Jacob, will pick you up at ten sharp. He’ll take you to Phipps Plaza or Neiman’s. Don’t worry about paying for anything, everything will be taken care of. And Caitlyn?”
“What?” I fumed, turning around one last time. I immediately melted at what I saw. He had removed his jacket and was rolling his sleeves up his forearms. The damned sex god.
“Try not to go out and have too good a time this evening. We have work to do tomorrow. I’ll see you then. I look forward to it.”
Renee led me to what was now my office. As I entered, I noticed a small box on the desktop. Walking closer, I peered inside to find my purse and all my personal effects from downstairs. Shaking my head, I sank into the leather chair and drank it all in. This couldn’t be happening.
“Is there anything I can get you, Ms. White?”
“No, thanks though, Renee. I’m just going to put this stuff away and then take Mr. Choice up on an afternoon off. I have the feeling there won’t be many of them after today.”
I watched her walk through the door, pulling it shut behind her. Still too stunned by what had just transpired, I sat, trying to gather my thoughts.
Sitting up, I scooted the chair closer, grabbing the box and setting it on the floor. I never had been one to have a lot of personal stuff in my workspace. A photo of my dad, one of my mom, and another of Izzie and me on a cruise we had taken together the winter before. Looking around, I made a mental note that this space was going to need some T.L.C. For now, the credenza behind my desk would suffice.
As soon as everything was placed where I wanted it, I scrutinized my new domain. I needed to see Chuck before I left for the day. Though Mr. Choice may be a man who got his way, the way he had moved me was disrespectful to my co-workers. Especially my partner, Chuck. Grabbing my purse off the desk, I opened the door, deciding all this could wait until Monday.
“I’ll see you Monday, Renee. Have a good weekend.” I nodded at the woman as I passed her desk. I assumed she was going to function as my secretary as well. I couldn’t see where Renee would need help. She seemed quite capable.
“Thank you. And Ms. White?”
“Please, call me Caitlyn, Renee.”
“I will, thank you. And congratulations on your promotion.”
“Thank you. I think.” I grinned at her and walked on toward the elevator.
Punching the button for the car, I stood and waited. I dared not look back. I was afraid he might be there. Once it arrived, I stepped inside and punched the button for the acquisitions floor. The ride down was a little too fast for me to collect my thoughts. Getting off, I made my way to Chuck’s office and stuck my head inside the door. He was sitting in front of his computer, fast at work on something.
Seeing me, he stood, a broad smile coming over his face. “Well congratulations, Madam Vice President. You certainly made an impression on Mr. Choice.”
“I don’t know what he sees in me, Chuck. And I’m sorry for the way this came down. I had no idea he was going to have someone gather my things like that.” There was no way I’d share the conversation that had transpired over lunch. Not suitable for other people. Except Izzie. She’d get it.
“No problem. I guess once you accepted, he wanted to get you into your new digs as soon as possible.”
“That’s just it, Chuck. He never offered me the position. He merely told me he’d promoted me. There was no middle ground.”
“Sounds like Apolo Choice. Don’t fret, Caitlyn, you’ll do fine. Just remember us little people down here in the salt mines when you’re upstairs with the moguls.”
“I could never do that. Mergers and acquisitions is far too important to Choice Enterprises.”
“Well, like I said, you’ll be fine. Katie said to tell you she wants the scoop, lunch sometime, just the two of you?”
“Sounds like a plan, tell her we’re on as soon as I get settled in. I guess I’m going to head out. I’ve got the afternoon off to goof around, and I intend to do just that.”
Chuck came around his desk. He hugged me like you’d hug your sister. “Congratulations again. You’ll be great, Caitlyn. Don’t ever doubt yourself.”
“I won’t. I just need to get used to Mr. Choice and his blunt method of speaking.”
“Go on. Get out of here before you have us both bawling.” I looked up at him and noted that his eyes were moist. The two of us had been through a lot over the past years. I wondered who would take my place as his co-worker.

* * * *

Apolo

All I want is merely an assistant, with the title of Executive Vice President attached to it. Someone who can take over and run things when I’m out of town or occupied on complex projects. I had decided as soon as I promoted Nick Jacobs and sent him to run the London branch that I would promote someone from within.
The interviews have gone on now for a couple weeks. It pleases me to no end to know the quality of people I have working at Choice Enterprises. It’s going to be a lot harder to narrow my search down to one.
Jesus H. Christ, how could I have missed someone as talented, and not to mention as beautiful, as Caitlyn White? Her personnel file says she’s worked here for four years. Her latest position is co-manager of the merger and acquisitions department. I have a vague recollection of seeing her at a meeting there.
Damn! There would be no way a man could miss this redheaded, green-eyed temptress. The lady had me as hard as granite the moment I laid eyes on her photo. I’ve had Renee schedule an interview for me. I must meet this woman. Trouble is, I’m already envisioning doing much more with Ms. White than having a simple conversation.
I’ve never had time for a serious relationship. Not really. Not since Delphinine, and she ran screaming away from me as fast as she could. That was a long time ago, and I’ve learned since then not to get too close. But Caitlyn? There’s something about her photo that brings long forgotten feelings out of hiding.
Upon our first meeting, I knew the moment I swung my chair around to face her that I wanted Caitlyn White in my life. My body hummed in ways it hadn’t before when we shook hands. I had to sit back down so she didn’t notice what she was doing to me.
Once she left my office and I had time to collect myself, I buzzed in Renee. I had found my assistant. Caitlyn White would be my next Executive Vice President. What I now needed to do was to put the wheels in motion.
“Renee, I need for you to find out what Ms. White likes to dine on. Discreetly, of course. Then, I want you to set up a lunchtime meeting with her. Order the finest. We’ll eat in my office.”
“Of course, Mr. Choice. Anything else?”
“Yes. I’ve decided Ms. White is the one. I will need for you to arrange to have her things moved up to her new office while we are having lunch.”
Renee has been with me long enough that I don’t have to sit down and explain a thing. I merely tell her what I want, and she sees that it’s done. Or she does it on her own, without my asking.
Ah, Ms. White is going to be a formidable advisory. She is also going to be more than worth the chase. She is quite feisty, opinionated, and is certainly not afraid of speaking her mind with me. Something I find highly refreshing, as most women simply agree with whatever I say.
I made it known that the job was hers. I also let her know that I intended to have her in my bed. In spite of her protests of not sleeping with co-workers or bosses, it was quite evident—the attraction between us is mutual. I could tell she was as aroused as I was at the thought of the two of us twisting the sheets.
That, however, won’t happen in the true sense of the word for a while. I must take it slow with her, let her know I want her, lust after her. Caitlyn White is not a woman I want to lose. I see her fulfilling much more than my desire for a one-night stand.
Starting my company, and growing it to the size it is today, was like an obsession to me. I had always had a plan, a roadmap if you will, of what I intended to do with my life and career. I knew I did not want to work for anyone else. Being my own boss, my successes and my failures were a driving force.
I looked at some of my contemporaries—Bill Gates, Richard Branson, Steve Jobs—some without a college education. I knew I was every bit as smart and driven as any of them. If they could succeed and succeed so well, then, dammit, so could I.
After my accident, I began to map out quietly what I wanted to do, how I intended to go about making it successful and so on. Failure never has been and never will be a word in my vocabulary. By the time I’d finished my rehabilitation, my business plan was complete. I was ready to get started.
I could have gone to my father for some start-up capital, but I didn’t. He would have gladly given me whatever I needed with his blessing. Instead, I took my business plan in hand and began approaching various banks and lending institutions. I was pleasantly surprised at how well my ideas were received.
And so, at age twenty-six, I gave birth to Choice Enterprises. With a lot of hard work, determination and good luck, I was a billionaire by the time my thirtieth birthday rolled around. Not bad for a young man who had been told he needed to face the cold, hard facts that his life had changed and the best that could be expected would be, perhaps, a quiet desk job in my father’s firm.



Chapter Two


Caitlyn

“He did what?” Isabel blurted out, half laughing, trying desperately to hide her misstep. Lucky for her, she had her back turned to me, pouring us each a glass of Cabernet.
“He promoted me to replace Nick Jacobs. What the hell is he thinking, Izzie? I have no experience for that sort of position, other than managing mergers and acquisitions. And did I mention he’s a pompous, sexist ass?”
“Yes, you did, several times. If I were you, I’d sit back and enjoy the ride. Do you know how many women would kill to be in your position? A hot boss, a hot promotion, and the possibility of hot sex all rolled into one?”
“That’s just it, Izzie. The man thinks he controls everything around him, including me. His arrogance is grounds enough to keep him out of my bed.”
“Ah, then you have considered ‘fucking’ him, as he so eloquently refers to the act?” Izzie passed me some wine across the small kitchen table we were seated at. “I believe I could get over his arrogance and pompous ass attitude for a roll in the hay with such a hunk of gorgeous.”
“Well, yes, of course I have. What woman wouldn’t?”
“I say just go with the flow, girlfriend. See where this train wreck takes you. Take advantage of the huge increase in salary I know you’ll get. Put it away. Then, if and when you decide to walk away, you’ll have a sizeable cushion to sustain you.”
That was Izzie, always looking at all the angles. She was the youngest of eight children, raised in the Bronx. Isabel was street smart. She’d taught me a lot about life. She made me take risks I wouldn’t have otherwise taken. She was a small, petite, no nonsense woman with hair so brown it appeared black.
I took a long sip from my glass as I digested what she had just said. She was right. I’d be a fool not to see where this all led. “Perhaps you’re right, Iz. I believe I’ve been looking at this from all the wrong angles.”
“That’s my girl!” she replied, holding her goblet high in a mock salute.
“Guess I’ll be finding out tomorrow just what he has planned. By the way, are you on for some shopping in the morning? Phipps or Neiman’s?”
“Damn, Caitlyn, I’d love to, but I’m filling in for one of the nurses out on vacation. Otherwise, you know I’d be right by your side. Take lots of pictures. I want to see you in your new duds.”
“I will! By the way, are you still going back to the three twelve-hour day weekend gig?”
Before she could answer, my cell rang. It was Apolo Choice! I mouthed his name to Izzie all the while secretly fuming that the man had somehow managed to program his number into my phone when I wasn’t looking.
“Hello?”
“Caitlyn, I hope I’m not interrupting anything important. I simply wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed our lunch today.”
“Yes, it was nice, thank you.”
“I assume your new office was to your liking?”
“Yes, it was.” Gad! What was his point here? Was he checking up on me, sniffing me out, or what?
“I’ll see you tomorrow evening, then. I’ll be by to pick you up at seven fifteen. Oh, and Caitlyn?”
“Yes?”
“I will have you. It’s only a matter of time. Enjoy your evening, my dear.”
With that, he hung up. Short, sweet, and to the point. Always about the point—sex. I sat there, cell in hand, staring at it. How could I be turned on by a man whose very presence made me furious?
“Well, that was interesting,” I said.
“What did he want?”
“You want the entire conversation or just the juicy part where he told me he will have me, and that it’s simply a matter of time before he does.”
Izzie laughed. “Have to give the man credit for being blunt and to the point. And I want all the sordid details of your activities tomorrow evening. Every single, hot detail.”
“Can we change the subject? The man is relentless. I get that.”
“Okay. Have you heard back from your mother?”
“No, was I supposed to?”
My mother, Susan Pickett White. Poor, pitiful socialite that she was. Self-made social butterfly. She sought out every important event in Atlanta, if not the southeast. Usually, she never had to look far.
While not technically divorced from my father, Frank, my mother played the victim after he had decided to return to his native Ireland. He had done so simply to support the family with a position at a large tech firm that far out-paid anything he could find in the States. My mother was too Americanized by now to be forced—as she would tell anyone who would listen—to return to Dublin.
I simply shook my head at the thought of what she would do when she got wind that I was accompanying Apolo Choice to this fundraiser.
“Caitlyn! You know damned good and well she was going to let you know her travel plans to West Palm as soon as she had them.”
“Yeah, so I’ll be sure to know exactly which rich folks she’s kissing up to. I know her game, Izzie.”
“Well, her game plan will change in a heartbeat the second she finds out you’re dating Apolo Choice.”
“I’m merely accompanying him to a fundraiser. He’s going to announce my new promotion. If you’d be so kind as to make sure that’s the only story my mother gets when she calls, and we know she will, I’d be forever in your debt.”
“Not a problem. I just wish the two of you could be civil and enjoy each other’s company.”
“We do, when we’re away from each other, or in the presence of her shrink.”
“Caitlyn!”

* * * *

The apartment Izzie and I share is a newer one in what they call the ‘midtown’ section of Atlanta. While it is gated at night, folks can come and go as they please during daylight hours. No stuffy high rise, no doormen, none of the stuff I could only imagine Apolo Choice lived with.
Knowing Jacob, his driver, would be prompt I made sure I was ready ahead of time. I was anxious to get this over with. Just purchase a dress and be done. I wasn’t in the mood for hours upon hours of shopping.
I noted the black Bentley pull up as I stood outside the front door. I threw up my hand, ran inside for my purse, and headed down the stairs toward the car. Sheez, could he be any more conspicuous in his choice of vehicles?
I made the decision to go to Neiman’s, figuring on a better selection. Little did I know, Apolo had it all pre-arranged. A saleswoman was waiting for me with a slew of designer eveningwear, and yes, she somehow had my sizing. Instead of fuming, I simply went along with what the day had in store.
A long, elegant emerald green sheath caught my eye right from the start. I knew the color would be perfect, and staring at myself in the mirror a short time later, I was sold. Even my eyes popped with this dress. It was semi sleeveless, with only one sleeve, the other bared. A slit ran up the right side. Very elegant and very classy. The sales gal had been prepared for everything, down to the shoes.
I couldn’t wait to see Apolo’s face when I showed up in this seductress outfit.
My expectation of his reaction wasn’t far off from what I envisioned. As hard as he tried to keep his expression unreadable, I picked up on some subtle changes as he fought for control of his emotions. His body seemed to hum, a strong, male current running through him.
“Caitlyn, you look stunning,” he said when I joined him at my front door later that evening. As I turned to lock the deadbolt from the outside, I happened to look down and caught what appeared to be a rather huge bulge protruding from his open jacket. I pretended not to notice, but Apolo immediately sensed what I had assessed and hastily buttoned his coat. I smiled to myself and said nothing.
As we settled into the back of the Bentley, I made sure to scoot away from him. If simply seeing me dressed up did that to him, I didn’t even want to find out his reaction to having me seated so close.
He pressed a button, closing the smoke-glassed window between Jacob and us.
“I really don’t think that’s necessary, Apolo.”
“Why? Does it make you nervous to be alone with me, Caitlyn?”
“You wish!” I snorted, glaring at him as he sat a safe distance from me.
“I told you, it’s going to happen, you and me. The sooner—”
“What is it with you? Am I nothing more than one of your acquisitions? Do you have no emotions at all?”
“Of course you’re far more than some acquisition. And yes, I do have emotions and feelings just like you.”
“And another thing. What’s with this ride? I thought you prided yourself on being independent. Instead, you have a driver.”
“I use the Bentley for evenings such as this one. I drive myself everywhere else, with Jacob bringing up the rear.”
“Oh, so he doubles as a body guard and your chauffeur?”
“Yes, among other things. Now, to get back to us—”
“My point exactly. There is no ‘us!’ Not as long as you’re going to treat me as though I’m a piece of merchandise.”
“I have a contract—”
“Contract? You expect me to sign some contract to sleep with you? Pffftt! It’ll be a cold day in hell before I sign anything for you. Jeez, you really are one of a kind.” I shook my head and turned to look out the window, away from the gaze of those piercing gray eyes.
“I told you I’d do anything, Caitlyn. I was looking to merely protect us both.”
I swung back around to stare hard at him. “Well, if you want to get to first base with me, drop the contract, buster. I’m not some business acquisition. I’m a flesh and blood woman. Trust, Apolo, it’s all about trust.” Gazing beyond him, I noted the car turning in front of the country club where this soiree was being held. “We’ll discuss this later…much later. But bring up the idea of a contract again and you’ll be jacking off in the privacy of your own place without me. Got it?”
A deep chuckle emerged from his throat. “Ah, Ms. White. You’re such a challenge. A formidable one, at that. I look forward to the chase.”
Emerging from the Bentley with Apolo’s assistance, I stood next to him, trying to get my bearings. He smelled exquisite, a mixture of cologne, body wash, and the man himself. I forced myself to turn my head. He was doing it to me again.
I wanted him, there was no doubt about that. I was going to have sex with Apolo Choice…on my terms. No contract, no business-like acquisition about it. I may not be able to change his thinking, or how he viewed sex, but I was damned sure going to force him to stop and smell the roses.
He bent down and whispered in my ear, “Truce?”
“I didn’t realize we were feuding.” I smirked as he gently guided me to the door. The place was abuzz with people and media. The camera flash coming from their predestined area lit up the attendees and the employees of the club. “Don’t forget to smile, Apolo.”
By the time we reached the reception hall, everything was a blur. People called out to my escort by name. Some I recognized, some I did not. I so wanted to get away from the middle of it all, but he kept his fingers tightly wrapped around my upper arm, guiding me. I found it hard to breathe in the throng of people vying for his attention.
Apolo steered me through the crowd, acknowledging and speaking briefly to individuals until we were in what I would guess to be the center of the room. A waiter appeared out of nowhere with a tray of champagne. Apolo retrieved two glasses, handing me one. I gratefully accepted.
I knew this was nothing more than a reception. There would be no dinner afterwards, so I’d have to go easy on the drinks. It was a good thing I had thought to eat a few hours before.
He introduced me around, never leaving my side. I wasn’t a stranger to a social scene such as this, just not a fixture, as my mother was. Out of the corner of my eye, on more than one occasion, I caught a glimpse of a few couples that I knew were friends of hers. The phone lines between West Palm and Buckhead would be lighting up later tonight.
Suddenly, I became aware that he was about to make his announcement. The one I had been dreading. Apolo was using this benefit as smoothly as an old pro for his own agenda—introducing me as his new second-in-command at Choice Enterprises. The great business mogul has seen fit to hire a woman, something secretly whispered about behind closed doors or away from the office.
I barely recall hearing Apolo’s words as he elegantly made his speech after the thunderous applause. I was aware of the sensual cadence of his deep, lusty voice, but nothing else. I thought for sure my knees would give out as I stood there beside him. As soon as he introduced me to the crowd gathered before us, something in my mind flipped on…call it a switch, training. Yes, call it years of training, years my mother put into making sure I was prepared for moments such as this one.
I acknowledged and thanked Apolo. Outside of that, I have no clue what I said. Then, the deafening applause once again as he led me back through the crowd. Not to leave, but to a table situated at the side of the room. Eternally grateful to him, I sat in the elegantly covered chair.
As he let go of his hold on me, I felt almost an emptiness. It struck me as odd. Before I could analyze the situation any further, he bent down and whispered in my ear, “You were top shelf, Caitlyn. Thank you. Now, if you’ll excuse me for a few moments, I need to speak to some folks. Stay right here. I promise I won’t be long.”
With that he strolled away, but not before making sure a waiter brought me a fresh glass of champagne. Suddenly, I had an urge of wanting him close to me. Oh, I am so screwed!
And as quick as he left, the vultures descended.
One in particular, a young man I had seen for years at functions like this one. A young cub reporter, trying his damndest to fit in and not blow what he thought was a cover, trying to get that one killer scoop. Tonight, he thought I was that story. I watched as he came in for the kill, placing himself in the seat directly across from me.
“Ms. White, you’re certainly a part of history. How does it feel?”
I smiled at the various couples passing by, hoping someone would rescue me from this snake. No one would, they instinctively knew not to mess with anything within Apolo Choice’s personal space.
“How’s that, Mr.…?”
“Bob. Bob Secrest, ma’am.”
“Mr. Secrest, how is it that I’m a part of history? Mr. Choice merely promoted me, nothing more.”
“Oh, come on, it can’t hurt, you and him.” He stumbled. “I mean…you do make a handsome couple. Why not make it a more powerful union?”
“Mr. Secrest, if you plan to make a career of being a journalist, and I use the term loosely with you, you might want to get your facts straight before you try to make nice with one of your subjects.”
“But—”
“You made an assumption, Bob. Never, ever assume anything. Never assume things are as they seem. Mr. Choice and I are nothing more than professional colleagues. I’m most grateful for the opportunity he’s presented me.”
More people began to descend on us, leaving Mr. Bob Secrest and me no time to further our conversation. I was smothering again, as though the walls were closing in. I reached for my evening bag, and as I did, I felt a familiar hand on my shoulder. “I don’t know about you, but I’m famished. Let’s you and me get out of here,” Apolo said.
Turning to look at him, I was drawn into his hypnotic, gray eyes. “We can do that? Just leave…so soon?”
“Caitlyn, I’m Apolo Choice. I do what I want, when I want.”
He oh-so-smoothly guided me through the throng of people still milling about us, until we reached the front door. A handsome, young man in a black jacket opened it to let us pass.
“Good evening, Mr. Choice.”
I heard Apolo acknowledge the comment with a grunt of some sort as he scooted me forward, his hand pressed against the lower part of my back.

* * * *

Waiting for us at the curb was Jacob, standing next to a red Ferrari convertible, top down. He opened the passenger side for me. I slid into the black leather seat and looked around in awe. Apolo folded his frame in behind the steering wheel and took control of the sports car.
“You asked earlier if I drove myself, so I had Jacob switch out the Bentley so we can drive ourselves for the remainder of the evening. Ready, Caitlyn?”
I nodded my head slowly, knowing the power this automobile possessed. It certainly was his type of car—fast, furious, and dangerous. I leaned over toward him as he expertly maneuvered the powerful machine onto the main street. “What about Jacob? How will he get back to wherever it is you live?”
“Don’t worry about Jacob,” he replied, loosening his tie with one hand, in between gear shifts. “He’s quite resourceful. Do you like oysters?”
“Yes, they’re all right.”
“Good. I know the perfect, out-of-the-way place to get some.” He turned the Ferrari onto the expressway, heading us north of the city.
“Where are we going?”
“Lake Lanier. My brother owns a restaurant up there…something new. I’ve been meaning to try it.”
Reaching cruising speed, he reached inside the pocket of his jacket and pulled out his iPhone. Scrolling through the numbers, he finally punched one. He made last-minute reservations, or rather, announced that we were coming for dinner.
I sat back in the leather seat and got comfortable. I had the feeling, as the saying goes, that it was going to be a bumpy ride. An enjoyable evening, but bumpy.
After more or less an hour on the road, Apolo expertly maneuvered the Ferrari into a brightly lit parking lot at the water’s edge. The crowds were thinning, as it was after ten in the evening. Leading me once again by the elbow through the parking area and to the front door, Apolo remained close. The undercurrent was very much apparent, by now.
As we stepped out of the humid evening air and into the restaurant, I was amazed how out-of-place it seemed at first. A reminder of southern California, a state everyone wanted to visit.
If I had been expecting Apolo’s brother, Tony, to be waiting for our arrival, I was to be sorely disappointed. I soon learned the younger sibling was off on a catering gig. Branching out in the precarious world of culinary arts was, at least in my eyes, a good thing.
The evening wore on leisurely as we dined on fresh oysters flown in from some exotic location. Everything on and off the menu was the freshest Tony and his staff were able to procure. Off the menu was one of Tony’s trademarks. If you didn’t see it on the menu, you could ask and chances were you could have whatever your heart desired prepared.
Our conversation revolved around anything and everything, apart from Choice Enterprises and Apolo’s much-known desire to have sex with me. That desire, however, was very much now becoming mutual. The talk was casual banter about our backgrounds, schooling, likes and dislikes. I wondered if Apolo shared the personal details of his life with all his dinner companions. He was a fiercely private man and at Choice Enterprises it was a given—if it wasn’t in his PR packet, it was off limits.
We were seated at a table overlooking the lake, enjoying an after dinner glass of brandy. The restaurant was all but empty. A couple of customers still lingered, same as us. There was a sliver of a moon out, just enough to light the sky, but not enough to see across the water clearly.
Apolo reached across and took my hand in his. Took it with dominance and an inherently sexual style. “Enjoying yourself?” he asked, his thumb rubbing the back.
“Very much so. I like this side of you.”
Out of nowhere, there was the shadow of a person standing next to us, in our private space. From the change on Apolo’s face, I had to guess it was his brother. His expression went from soft and lustful to indifferent, the same one he always showed to the world.
“Has he persuaded you to make the trek to his floating palace? Just the two of you, for a leisurely nightcap?”
I glanced across at Apolo then turned my head to the mirror image standing there. Anthony Choice was no more than eleven months younger than Apolo, but it didn’t matter. The pair could pass for twins.
“Anthony,” I heard Apolo growl at his sibling. “Enough.”
“Well—”
“I said, enough! Caitlyn, may I present my reckless, younger brother, Anthony. Tony, this is Caitlyn.”
“Ah yes, the one you just promoted to Nick Jacob’s old spot. Congratulations and well done, my dear.” He started to extend his hand when Apolo cut him off.
“You never learn, do you? Caitlyn, shall we go? We have a long drive back to the city.” I noted that he shot a look at his brother. One that screamed ‘shut the fuck up.’
“Of course. Anthony, it was nice to meet you.”
Like greased lightning, Apolo had us out of the restaurant. I was keenly aware, in the short time I had come to know him personally, that he shut down when he became displeased and changed the set up. That’s what he was doing now. Baby brother had reached in and invaded his private domain.
He maneuvered the Ferrari onto the main road leading back into the small town. He sat at the stop sign, foot slightly on the accelerator gunning the engine with care. I gazed over at him, curious about what was running through his mind.
“So, Apolo, you going to take me to this floating palace of yours or what?” I blurted out.
My hand flew up to my mouth. Not in horror of what I’d just said, but to stifle a giggle. I couldn’t believe how brazen I had suddenly become.
He was eyeing me with interest.
“I mean, we both want to have sex…’fuck’ as you put it. We can’t go to my place—roommate. Your place is off limits—don’t want your staff seeing me there just yet. So, we either pull over and do it in this cramped piece of fine machinery, go get a room at one of the nearby hotels, or we take this party to your houseboat. It’s up to you. Balls in your court, so to speak.” I chuckled once again at my attempt at humor.
Without uttering a single word, he bent over me and covered my mouth with his. Resisting never crossed my mind. I melted into him. I’d wanted him to kiss me all evening.
Apolo Choice did not disappoint. I was instantly caught up in the moment as I felt his tongue outlining my lips before the two met and played their courtship ritual. The white glow of headlights behind us brought it to a thundering halt. He righted himself and engaged the clutch.
“My houseboat it is,” he growled, pressing his hand on my thigh, in between gear changes.
We continued traveling along the shadowy, two-lane road when suddenly he pulled the Ferrari over onto the side and stopped.
“What? What is it?” I asked, peering over at his handsome face, which had now turned dark and brooding. Even in the soft light of the car’s interior, I could see his gray eyes were now intense.
“We can’t do this, Caitlyn. Not tonight. Especially not at my houseboat.”
“Why?” I was totally confused.
“Because if I take you there, I can guarantee my brother will have made some calls to have paparazzi staked out waiting on us..”
“Your own brother would do that to you?”
“Yes, of course, he would. It gets his name in the newspapers, along with his new restaurant. I don’t want you to remember our first time like that.”
Had to give the man credit for being a class act.
“Rain check?” His lips sealed over mine, and we kissed as though we were long lost lovers.
“But of course. Thank you, Apolo.”
“I’ll always look out for you, Caitlyn. I will not have you, or whatever may transpire between us, put out there. What happens between us is between us. No one else.”
“Thank you.”
He turned, put the sleek sports car in gear, and headed us in the opposite direction toward Atlanta. We sat in comfortable silence, watching the Georgia countryside fly by. Before I knew it, we were at my apartment. He slid the Ferrari into the guest spot and shut off the engine. Unfolding his lanky body, he stood looking around him before he moved to my side.
Opening the car door, he offered his hand as I slid my feet to the pavement. I stared up at him. This confusing, handsome hunk of a male species. One who was likely going to be the center of my universe very shortly. He guided me up the stairs to my front door, his hand never leaving the small of my back. His touch sent my body into overdrive.
I fumbled around in my evening bag for the key. Taking it from my hand, Apolo inserted it into the deadbolt and opened the door. “I had a marvelous time, Caitlyn. I promise to make it up to you. Come to my office at seven-thirty on Monday. I’ll have some breakfast for us. I thought I should go over your compensation package and bring you up to speed on some projects Nick left behind.”
I nodded. “Shouldn’t HR be the ones going over my compensation package?”
“They will. There are simply some things that I prefer to handle myself, when it comes to my executive staff.”
“Okay then, I’ll see you at seven thirty. Oh, and Apolo?”
His gray eyes locked with mine. “Yes?”
“I had a wonderful time.”
“I trust it was simply the beginning.”
“Don’t forget what I said about no personal or sexual encounters at the office, in yours or mine…”
“I heard you. Now go. If you keep talking, I might just have to take you to your bedroom and show you a few things. Damn the paparazzi!”
“Don’t flatter yourself, Choice. Have a good weekend. Don’t work too hard.”
I climbed out of my heels as soon as I crossed the threshold and went in search of my phone charger and something to drink. Izzie, I noted, had left me another text.
Seemed she knew who Tony Choice was and the bad boy that he could be. She warned me that he had leaked our late dinner at his new restaurant. After new clients, I mused. What I hadn’t expected was a photo, obviously taken with a cell, of the two of us quite intimately discussing something, and I knew it wasn’t what we’d just had for dinner. Meddling relatives. Never a good thing.
A half dozen messages from my mother also sat in my inbox. Glancing at them, I chuckled to myself. She was so predictable. They progressed from having heard I was attending the fundraising soiree with a certain available tycoon to something along the lines of her being back in Atlanta, or en route, to rally her support against the tabloid fodder I had now become.
Geez, the woman needed to get a life. I certainly didn’t need her meddling in mine. Anthony Choice was going to be challenging enough, without her advice.

* * * *

Apolo

I knew the attraction between Caitlyn and I was there immediately. I just never expected her to be such a worthy opponent. She is unlike any woman I have met. A delight. She speaks her own mind and is certainly not afraid of letting me know what she will and will not tolerate in the way of advances.
She is also the perfect person for the position. I never thought twice about promoting her. I fully expect she will be able to hold her own with any man in or outside of Choice Enterprises. I anticipate great things from her. Together, I believe the two of us will make not only a formidable partnership at the helm of my empire, but one outside the office.
The damn woman arouses me like no other has in years. All I have to do is see her, and I’m hard. Her scent, the cadence of her voice, the ever-so-slight Irish accent makes my body hum in need.
She was the essence of perfection Saturday evening, mixing and mingling with all the many guests. I was totally blown away by how elegantly she spoke to the crowd after my introduction and announcement of her promotion.
Lust got the better of me afterward. I had no business taking her to Anthony’s restaurant. I knew in the back of my mind that he would catch wind we were there and come make some sort of scene. Which he did. I merely wanted a quiet, out-of-the-way place to have dinner privately with Caitlyn. A place free from prying eyes. I knew where the evening was headed, and I wanted to show the respect she deserves. Instead of taking her to the nearest hotel.
I was hesitant to take her to my houseboat, and thank God. I made the right decision not to take her there. To delay our desires until another time. Afraid that Anthony would indeed alert the media. By the time we were in the Ferrari, Caitlyn could have asked me to pull over, and I would’ve fucked her right there on the side of the road. That’s how badly I had wanted her at that moment. The smell of sex had lingered in the car.
First and foremost, I must deal with Anthony and his childish behavior. He thinks he is invincible, but he’s not. I hated to end my time with Caitlyn, but Anthony must be dealt with. I will not have him ruining things before they even get good and heated.
I left a voice message, as he was not answering his cell phone. No big surprise. He knew he was crossing the line last night with his rude remarks and innuendos.
“Anthony, pick up. I expect to see you at my house in no less than two hours. Don’t try my patience.” That ought to suffice. He’ll be there, trying to make up, trying to smooth things over between us. He should be able to tell, even on a voicemail, that I meant business.
When I arrived, like clockwork, Anthony was there, sitting in my favorite drawing room as though he owned the place. He had that smug look on his face, but it quickly disappeared once he saw I was in no mood for his behavior.
“So, how was the beautiful Ms. White, big brother?”
“None of your damn business! Caitlyn White is my Executive Vice President. That’s all you need to concern yourself with. My private life is off limits. Even to you.”
“Jeez, Apolo, she’s gotten to you already. She must be something.”
“Anthony! Listen to me and listen to me very carefully. Stay out of my affairs. If I hear so much as a peep, an innuendo, or a rumor about something going on personally between Caitlyn and me, well brother, let’s just say, watch your back.”
“Are you threatening me?”
“No. Just some brotherly advice. Heed it well.”
“Hoo hoo, she has gotten under your skin. So, did you take her to the houseboat? You must have taken her somewhere, because you’re wearing the same clothes you were last night.”
I shook my head. That was Anthony, self-centered and never listens. “Did you not hear a word I just said to you?”
“Okay, okay. You win. Tell me one thing, though. Did you share your little secret with her?”
“Enough!”
“Must not have. Unless she ran like hell, like all the others?”
“Out! Just get the hell out of my house. I try, I really try, Anthony, but you think you can just go through life as though someone owes you something. Well, if anyone owes anything, it’s you! Now, get out of my sight, and heed my words well, brother.”
The man is infuriating! I’m going to have to have Jacob get someone on him. I will not allow him to ruin my life once again. Not this time. Not with Caitlyn.



Chapter Three


Caitlyn

Waiting at the top of the escalator early Monday morning, I was met by a pair of Choice security detail. I assumed it had something to do with parking under the building, as I had noticed a brand new reserved spot just for me as I cruised by. I parked instead close to where I usually did. Apolo’s black BMW sat next to the vacant, unused space.
“Ms. White,” the taller and older of the two men said flatly. “Not to alarm you, but Mr. Choice wanted me to make sure you were given your key to the executive elevator.” He held in his hand something few had the privilege of owning, and now I was one of those handful of folks.
“Thank you, um, Mr.…” I extended my hand, shaking his before accepting the key.
“Eric, Eric Jones, Ms. White. It’s no trouble, and Mr. Choice insisted you be escorted upstairs the first time.”
“Very well,” I sighed, as I relented my independence to the trusted employee of Apolo’s.
Upstairs, Renee had already arrived and was hovering, waiting for my arrival. As soon as she saw me, she corralled me, as though she had done it a thousand times before, to Apolo’s office door. No time to go to my own and leave my things. Nope, I was to make my entrance as punctual as everything else in his life.
“Mr. Choice is waiting. I’ll have breakfast sent in as soon as it arrives. There’s coffee on the credenza on the far side.”
“Thank you, Renee,” I replied, as she hustled me through the door and into the inner domain of one of the most powerful men in the world.
There he sat, looking as though he’d stepped out of the pages of a men’s fashion magazine. Our eyes met briefly as Renee shut the door behind me. Fire was already igniting from the sparks of electricity in the room. Laying down a stack of papers he had been reading as I entered, he raised a hand and beckoned me to sit in one of the leather chairs placed strategically before his desk.
“Good morning, Caitlyn. Please, sit. I trust you had a good weekend?” The corners of his mouth curved up as his gray eyes bore into my soul.
“Yes, it was. Despite the fact my mother got wind of our appearance at the fundraiser Saturday night, it was quiet.”
“Ah, yes, your mother runs with the social elite, doesn’t she? I’d forgotten. We’ll have to talk about that. Share war stories.”
I put my hand over my mouth to stifle a giggle and a yawn at the same time. Just then I remembered what Renee had said about coffee and turned toward the direction of where it was supposed to be. “Can I get you a cup of coffee, Apolo? Renee said she’d brought some in.”
“Please, if you don’t mind. Add the half-and-half to mine, please. I like my coffee the way I like my women—dripping in cream. I certainly would have loved the taste of yours the other night.”
I was speechless, thank goodness I was facing away from him and hadn’t started pouring coffee or else it may have ended up all over me. I finished preparing our cups and walked back to his desk. I dared not make eye contact. It was bad enough that my body was giving me away—my panties were soaking wet in just the two minutes I’d been in his presence—I didn’t need my face doing the same.
I passed his mug across to him. “This enough for you?”
“Yes, thank you. If you’re ready, let’s get started.” He never allowed me the chance to reply, just dug his heels in and began going over my compensation and other executive perks. I was thankful to be sitting down when he slid me a paper detailing my financial compensation and benefits.
I sat back in my chair, dazed at what he was telling me. Never in my life had I heard such figures. It had to be a dream, a damn sex-filled dream, starring Apolo Choice. “I hate to interrupt you, but you aren’t really suggesting paying me that much money?”
“Of course I am, Caitlyn, you’re second in command of Choice Enterprises now, and you should be compensated as such. In fact, I’ll let you in on a little secret.”
“What?”
“You’re receiving exactly what Nick Jacobs was making when he transferred to London. I decided if I was hiring a woman, I was going to pay her equally to what I’d pay a man. Get used to it.”
A knock at the door and Renee had our breakfast brought in on a cart. Eggs, bacon, sausage, and fruit. I was sure this wasn’t the norm. Suck it up, Caitie, and live the dream. This is what you spent all those years in college for.
Alone again, Apolo changed the subject by entering my space, kissing me passionately, and kneading my breast as his tongue traced the seam of my mouth.
I pushed him away to his designated spot across from me. “I thought we agreed the other night—business stays business. No groping. None of this. That’s strictly for after-hours. If you can’t respect my rules, then we’re going to have a problem.”
“That’s one of the things that intrigued me about you, Caitlyn. You stand up for yourself and what you believe, and you won’t let a man dictate to you otherwise.”
“Then, we’re okay.”
“Hmmm, yes, for now. I agree we need to keep our focus on transitioning you into this position. I have a lot of plans for you. We’re going to make one hell of a team. I apologize. I merely couldn’t keep my hands off you. Not after the other night.”
“Thank you, and apology accepted.”
“I’m going to let HR go over everything else in your package. They’ll set up an appointment for a company physical, unless of course you’d feel more comfortable with your own doctor. Either way, I have no problem with that.”
“I’d rather use my own doctor. I’ve gone to him for years.”
“You are on birth control of some sort, aren’t you? Because if not, you need to be. I so hate using condoms. Don’t you?”
“Jeez, Apolo, you certainly don’t mince words, do you? But, yes, I am on the pill. It is good for other things besides birth control.”
“I find no reason to beat around the bush. Honesty is the best policy. Come on, eat up. I have a few other things to go over with you before turning you over to HR.”
The day was a blur. I would be surprised if I remembered half of what had been thrown in front of me. Papers to sign, appointments to be made. Finally, in the sanctity of my own private executive bathroom, I shut the door, determined to take a ten-minute break. Just for me.
I made a note that my mother had left no fewer than four text messages today. She wanted to get together for dinner, lunch tomorrow, anything. Just so she could get me alone and question me. Geez, the woman needed to get a life. Not that she would. Not now. If I knew her as well as I thought I did, she was probably already picking out wedding locations.
Shaking my head, I made my way back to my office. Apolo had scheduled a meeting for me and another one of the executive staff at four. It was quarter to. I started to clear the papers off my desk, intending to put them in my briefcase and take them home to finish reading.
There was a commotion outside, and the next thing I saw was my mother charging through the door, Renee right behind her.
“I tried to stop her, Ms. White, but she forced her way in.”
“I’m her mother, and I have a right to speak to her or see her. Especially when she isn’t returning my messages.”
I blew out a deep breath and shook my head, “It’s okay this time, Renee. It’s not your fault. She’s pushy like that. I’ll have a talk with her about how to get an appointment or get a call through.”
Renee nodded and left, closing the door behind her. If there was one thing I had figured out in this short time, it was that Renee was loyal, to Apolo and now to me as well.
“Okay mother, what is it you want. This is my first day, and I’m swamped.”
“What do I want? I’ve texted you for the past two days, and you’ve had the courtesy to respond to only one of them. I was just worried.”
“If you’d read my reply, you’d have known how busy I knew I was going to be and that I would be calling you this evening. You weren’t worried. You merely want to know all the details of my evening with Apolo Choice.”
“Well, it’s not every day a daughter of mine goes out with one of the most influential men in the country, not to mention world. And one of the richest, too.”
“And as I told you, it was to a fundraiser, a way for him to announce my promotion. There was nothing more to it, Mother. Understood?”
“Oh no, you’re not going to do me like that, Caitlyn White! I saw the pictures and the fodder about the two of you and what went on afterward.”
“Mother, if you believe everything you read, you’re going to be sorely disappointed,” I replied.
Just as I did, Apolo stormed through the door. I didn’t think he was angry, but then, I couldn’t tell. He was a hard man to read.
“It’s okay, Apolo. I was just giving my mother a lesson in office etiquette. Mother, this is my boss, Apolo Choice. Apolo, my mother, Susan Pickett White.”
“I know all about you, Mr. Choice, and your ways with women. Just because I’m older, don’t think I don’t keep an ear to the ground. Especially when it comes to my daughter.”
“Mrs. White—”
“Apolo,” I interrupted, grabbing hold of her shoulder. “My mother was just on her way out, weren’t you?”
“No, I wasn’t!” she retorted. “Caitlyn—”
“Mother, give it a rest. I promise to call you this evening. Don’t nail me down on a time. We’ll plan to go out for dinner. That’s the best I can do. Now, if you’ll excuse me, this is my first day, and I have people to meet and things to learn.”
Renee popped her head in as though on cue to escort my mother from the building. I nodded in her direction and turned back toward my desk.
“The reason I actually came in here, Caitlyn, was to introduce you to another member of the executive staff,” Apolo said.
“Yes, of course. Who is it?”
“Don Turner. I believe you’ve met him before when you were downstairs. Don works a lot with the acquisitions department.”
“Yes, of course. That’s why his name is so familiar to me.”
“He’s in my office. Shall we? Oh and dinner tonight?” He extended his arm. I caught a whiff of his cologne. It wasn’t the same as what he’d had on the other night. This was much more subtle. More musky, more masculine, more raw.
I didn’t have a chance to respond to his request. No sooner than we left my office, we were at his threshold. He pushed open the door and seated in front of his desk was Don Turner. Ah yes, I did remember Mr. Turner. Prick, male chauvinist, and from the look on his face, I should probably add none too happy that he was passed over for this promotion. Passed over for a woman. This ought to be interesting.
“Caitlyn.” Apolo proceeded to the other side of his desk. “I’m sure you remember Don Turner from when you were down in acquisitions. Don, Caitlyn.”
“Ah yes, nice to see you again, Ms. White. And congratulations on your promotion. I’m sure you’ll be fantastic at whatever it is Mr. Choice has in mind for you.”
Oh wow! Let’s cut to the nasty, sexual undertones right out of the gate! Yep, still the same prick, and one I wasn’t going to be able to let my guard down around. If my instincts were right, Don Turner would be trying to oust me before I got my seat warm.
The next hour was spent pouring over a project left behind by my predecessor. When Apolo wasn’t adding his concerns or comments to the conversation, I noted he was quietly observing how Don and I interacted with each other. If I were a betting woman, I’d have to say Don had the losing straw. His snide comments did not go unnoticed by either Apolo or myself. As soon as he left, I let out a deep breath. It had been a while since I’d dealt with a man so obviously jealous of a woman. I silently noted by the clock on the wall that it was well after five. Since Apolo had followed Don out of the office, I was curious as to whether he was quietly confronting Don. Maybe dismissing Renee for the day? She had been there since early this morning.
“You handled Don very well, Caitlyn. That was a side I haven’t seen.” He walked over to the credenza. He slid open a door and pulled out a liquor bottle of some sort. I couldn’t tell what it was from my vantage point. He collected two crystal glasses from the top and strode over to his desk again. “I think we’ve earned this.”
He unscrewed the bottle and poured two good shots, one in each glass before handing one to me. It was Scotch. Very expensive Scotch. Bowmore single malt.
I graciously accepted the snifter from him. I needed it after the long, grueling day I’d had. “Thank you.” Taking a long swallow, I found the whiskey to be smooth and mellow, not biting. “If I can be a little bold, I’d say that Mr. Turner is not too thrilled that I got the promotion.”
Finishing off his Scotch, swallowing the last as though he were enjoying liquid gold, he placed the glass on the desk in front of him, cocking his head. “The problem with young pups like Don Turner is that they feel because they go to college and get their Masters in business before they’re thirty, the world owes them the moment they hit the job market. He’s still wet behind the ears, Caitlyn. He needs to pay his dues, first.”
“And if he doesn’t?”
“If he wants to stay here, he’ll have to. The under-thirty billionaire’s are few and far between. The quicker he learns that, the more apt he’ll be to move up the corporate ladder.”
“And how old were you when you made your first million?”
“Million. That’s so yesterday. I was a billionaire by the time I was thirty. I won’t even tell you what they’re predicting my worth will be for my fortieth birthday this year.” He snickered. “Now, enough about business. I want to show you something now that we’re alone.”
He rose from his black, leather executive chair and moved in the direction of the wall that separated our two offices. He beckoned me with his hand. “Come.” By the time I reached him, he had opened a hidden door. Lights automatically came on as I stepped inside the room.
At first, I was quite uneasy with what was going on here. Was what my mother said true? Did Apolo have some hidden kinks I knew nothing about?
“What is this place?” I cautiously asked. I looked about, and it dawned on me what this place could be used for.
“It’s not what you’re thinking, Caitlyn.”
“And what am I thinking?”
“The expression on your face gave you away the moment you set foot in here. This is my safe room…yours, too, now.” He chuckled, low and lustful. “What did you think you were in, some sort of hidden play room?”
“As a matter of fact…”
“No, it’s not that. It’s a safe room. You’ve heard of them haven’t you?”
“Yes, of course, I have.” He was standing in my personal space now. I could feel his breath on my neck as he stood beside me. “Who?”
“Who knows about this? Just me, Jacob, and now you.”
“Renee doesn’t know it’s here?”
“No, Jacob and I felt the fewer people who knew of its existence, the better. I also have one at my home here in Atlanta.”
“But why?”
“I’m a powerful, rich man, Caitlyn. The two can be a dangerous combination in the hands of the wrong people. Better safe than sorry, I always say.”
“I didn’t realize…”
“There’s enough food and water in here to sustain up to four people for up to a month. It also runs on its own generator and has its own communications system, just in case the power to the main building is cut. I could go on about all the safety features, but I don’t want to bore you.”
“This is amazing, Apolo. Have you ever had to use it?”
“No, thank goodness. But it’s here just in case. Remember that. Memorize the access code.”
I walked around the room. While it wasn’t huge, it was big enough that a small group wouldn’t get on each other’s nerves too fast. Naughty, erotic thoughts crossed my mind as I glanced over at the large mattress situated in one corner. My entire body tingled as Apolo pulled me back into reality.
“Well, I think I’ve kept you long enough. How about we call it a day?”
“Yes, that sounds like a good idea. My mind is still swirling with everything that’s gone on.”
A low, lustful chuckle escaped his throat. “Come, get your things. Let’s go get something to eat. I’m starving.”

* * * *

Maneuvering his black BMW through the busy Atlanta streets, Apolo dumbfounded me when he pulled into the parking lot of one of the most iconic fast food establishments in the city. He drove around to the car service area, found an open space, and parked.
Shaking my head in disbelief at his choice for dinner, I let out a giggle. “Of all the places to eat in Atlanta, and we come here? I like your style, Choice.”
“It might surprise you to know I’ve been coming here for years. No chance of someone recognizing me or us together. Marvin here has been taking care of me for a long time.”
A tall, rail thin, white haired elderly gentleman approached the car, a huge smile on his face. “Evenin’, Mr. Choice. What’ll you have—the usual?”
“Yes, the usual for both of us, Marvin. Oh, and a helping of chopped onions, too.”
“Yes, sir. I’ll have it out to you in just a couple of minutes,” he replied before turning to walk back toward the building.
“I hope you don’t mind me ordering for you.”
“No, but pray tell, what is the usual, Apolo? No chili dogs, I hope.”
“No chili dogs. Not at this time of night. Just cheeseburgers, cheese dogs, and onion rings, with a coke to wash them down.”
“You had me with the onion rings,” I quipped, flashing a grin at him. God, this man could make greasy fried food seem erotic and sexy.
Having removed his suit jacket before getting behind the wheel, Apolo rolled the sleeves of his pale gray, oxford shirt up his forearms. While I’ve always had a thing for men’s forearms, Apolo’s unhinged me completely. They were tanned, muscular, and strong. And forceful, attached to those hands. I quickly looked away, afraid he would be able to read my thoughts.
“Like what you see?”
“Apolo, please…”
“What? It’s after normal office hours, and we’re not at work. I was simply making a harmless remark. Look at it this way—we’re getting to know each other first before having sex. We both agreed the other night, remember?”
“Yes, I remember. It means a lot to me that you care enough to shield me like you are.”
“I care for you more than you realize, Caitlyn. I want you to enjoy our relationship and feel safe and comfortable. There’ll be plenty of the media in due time. Like I told you, we’re going to be a powerful couple together.”
Before I could respond, Marvin headed our way with a tray packed full of food. “Here comes dinner, Choice. Go easy on the onions, will ya? They tend to make kissing a little less romantic.”
He chuckled as one hand reached into his pocket. He pulled out a roll of cash.
Marvin set the tray down. It smelled wonderful. “Will that be all, Mr. Choice?”
“I think we’re set.”
Apolo handed the older gentleman a fifty dollar bill. No wonder he was so good. Mr. Choice was an excellent tipper.
“Thank you, sir. I’ll check back on ya’ll in a little while. Enjoy your dinner.”
Accepting my drink and onion rings, I settled in and enjoyed every bite. We sat in comfortable silence as we ate. Every now and then between mouthfuls, one of us would make some off the cuff remark about nothing in particular.
“You know, feeding me all this stuff, you’re going to make me have to hit the treadmill for an extra half hour.”
“But it’s worth every bite, treadmill be damned.”
“Easy for you to say. You’re a man. Food doesn’t seem to have the same effect on you.”
“Perhaps on a younger man. I have to watch what I eat and exercise.”
“Where do you work out? A gym?”
“No, well, yes. I have my own gym at home.”
“Of course, you do,” I teased feeding him an onion ring from my dwindling stack. I was very near my limit.
“I have a personal trainer as well. He’s on call…because of my schedule. If you’d like, I could set you up with him. He could recommend someone for you, if you’re not comfortable with him.”
“Baby steps, Choice. I’m not big into the whole gym thing. My treadmill does just fine.”
“Oh, but it’s so different in the privacy of your own home.”
“We’ll see, okay?”
“Fair enough.”
“I don’t know about you, but I’m stuffed.”
“As am I. But I see neither of us left any leftovers.”
“No chance of that happening.”
A few minutes later, he headed the BMW back toward the office to my vehicle. We sat silently, trying not to recognize the sexual aura in the car. It was there, no doubt about it. Pulling into the space next to mine, he shut the engine off before turning to me.
“Thanks for dinner. I enjoyed it.”
“You’re more than welcome, Caitlyn.”
His lips slanted over mine in an instant. What started out as a slow, passionate kiss turned into something bordering on erotic as we both explored the depths of each other’s mouths. Finally breaking free, he pecked my cheek and ear. “This is the hardest thing I’ve had to do, but I will do it,” he whispered.
“Thank you, and by the way, Choice? It’s no easier for me, either.”
“Well, come on, let me see you to your car so that you can get home. I’m sure your roommate is wondering where you are.”
“Oh, she knows, but I do need to get going. HR gave me a ton of papers I know they want yesterday.”

* * * *

According to the clock in my dash, it was nine forty-five when I shut the engine of my Honda off in front of my apartment. Izzie was home. I caught a glimpse of her as she scurried away from the sliding glass door. Grabbing my purse and briefcase, I groaned as I bent back up.
Izzie opened the front door, a glass of wine in one hand and a smirk on her face. “Rough first day, dear?”
“You have no idea,” I joked. “Is that for me, or are you going to pour me one while I grab a shower.”
“Oh no, you’re not getting off that easy. I didn’t figure you’d keep normal hours, but I’ve had to deal with your mother. So, sit your ass down and spill, girlfriend.”
I kicked off my heels and let them fly where they may. My briefcase and purse got dumped next to a chair as I sat my butt down and waited for my drink. “Was my mother here before she barged into my office, or after?”
“She did what? Izzie stuck her head around the kitchen corner. “No, it must have definitely been before, otherwise she would have been ranting a lot more than she was. And she’d probably still be here, waiting on you.”
Handing me some Chardonnay, she sat down on the sofa. I took a long swallow before recalling the events of the misfortunate visit.
“I tell you, Izzie, she’s going to have to back off. Especially now. I get that she wants me married—we’ve been through it a million times—but dammit this is my career, my future, and I don’t need her causing a scene like she did this afternoon.”
“So, she went all postal on you?”
“Oh you know how she acts, like she’s the queen of fucking Sheba.”
“How did Apolo take to her rudeness?”
“Cool as a cucumber, like it’s happened before. I suspect his mother is a lot like mine, so the two of them ought to be two peas in a pod, if they ever get the opportunity to meet.”
“Getting serious already?” She winked and took a drink in an attempt to hide a smirk.
“Izzie! Not you, too! The man is my boss. I’m now the person directly under him. The job comes with responsibilities.”
“I know. I know. Just sayin’, the man is handsome and all, and you’ve been spending a lot of time together.”
“Business, Izzie, business. Gawd, am I going to have to hear this from everyone?”
“No, not everyone. I just want what’s good for you, and if it leads to…like I told you sweetie, ride the boat as long as it’s floating.”
“I will. I will. Right now, all I want is a hot shower. I have a mountain of paperwork to do.”
“One last thing—how was your first day…besides the part with your mother?”
“Busy. Mainly going over stuff. Oh, and one of the team players is not happy about my promotion. Don Turner. Aggressive go-getter who thought it should have been his for the picking. He made a few snide remarks to me in front of Apolo, but I held my own. And Izzie, my salary? Girlfriend, we’ll be out of this cracker box before long. I’ll buy a house, and we’ll figure something out in rent for you.”
“That much, huh?”
“The exact same thing he was paying my predecessor!”
She threw me a devilish grin. “He must really like you, Cait.”
“Pffff! According to Mr. Choice, he’s one step ahead of everyone else, likening himself to the pioneers. You know, paying me what he’d pay a man, and all that. I just wish my mother saw it the same way, instead of looking at it as a husband-hunting exposition.”
“She’ll chill after the shock wears off. You’ll see. Next week, she’ll be off somewhere and have forgotten all about the handsome Mr. Choice.”
I swallowed the remainder of my drink and got up. I knew if I sat there much longer and had anymore wine before a shower, I’d never accomplish a thing. And I had to remember I wasn’t in acquisitions anymore. I was upstairs with the big boys.
The next couple of days ran together, and I saw little of Apolo Choice. Leaving me to my own devices, his confidence in me apparent. I researched projects left by my predecessor, attempting to pick up where he’d stopped.
Barring any unforeseen interruptions, I planned my Thursday to include making phone calls and writing emails to each one of the contacts. It was also the day Don Turner thought to test me. Apolo had been across town on and off the past couple of days, involved in some deal. Don knew that and set about trying to sabotage me the new vice president.
Finishing a response to questions a client had, I glanced up as I felt someone looking at me. Don had popped his head in and promptly sat his smug ass down in one of the two chairs before my desk. No knocking on the door, no going through Renee—no, he was out to show that he was the man who should be in charge. Especially when Apolo was away.
I closed the program before settling back in my seat. “Is there something I can do for you, Don? Was Renee not at her desk? Because the proper thing to do is to go through her, not come barging in here like you own the place.”
“She saw me. That’s good enough. It’s not like I’m one of the little people. So, what are you doing, Caitlyn? I can’t imagine Apolo would have turned you loose with anything, yet. You’re far too green. Or were you chatting up your gal pals on social media, wasting valuable company time?”
Sitting upright, I folded my hands on top of the wooden desk. “Let’s get something straight, Don. You and me…right from the start. What I’m doing, or what Apolo has me doing, is none of your business unless it concerns you, and then you will be brought up to speed. Capish? Second, don’t ever walk into my office without first clearing it with Renee or by knocking. Got it?”
Don didn’t flinch. In fact, a smile broadened his face, as though I had lit a fire under him. “Why? You got something to hide, Caitlyn? Or are you afraid I might walk in and catch you and Apolo doing the nasty? You know, he does like his sex toys.”
I was boiling under the surface, but determined not to let him know he’d ruffled any feathers. “Don, I think it’s time for you to leave, before I say something I might regret. Or worse, file a complaint with HR for sexual harassment.”
“Oh, and who do you think they’d believe? A pathetic piece of trash like you? Or me?”
“The lady asked you to leave, Turner,” a deep voice boomed as the owner strode over the threshold. It wasn’t the smoky, lustful baritone, but a tone of command. “And I suggest you do so before I throw you out.”
“I was just—”
“I heard enough of what you said to know exactly what you were up to. Now leave, and don’t think we won’t discuss this.”
Don left, but not before he threw a go-to-hell look my way. I pretended not to notice, as I had my gaze focused on Renee in the background, phone in hand. I was pretty sure she had security on speed dial.
“Dinner. Seven. This evening. I’ll pick you up,” Apolo barked, turning on his heel and walking back to his office.
“Mr. Choice?”
He spun around. I wasn’t sure what was going through his mind. “Yes, Caitlyn?”
“Can you give me some idea where we’re going? You know, so I’ll know how to dress.”
“I thought that hot, new Italian place everyone is talking about. I had Renee make reservations. Does that help your clothing dilemma?”
“Yes, it does. Thank you. I’ll see you at seven, then.”
“See you then.” He winked at me with those gorgeous gray eyes, turned, and walked away. Back to business.
What was I doing? Breaking one of my cardinal rules about not dating my boss. But he was more than that. Apolo Choice was like no other man I had ever met. Instinctively, I trusted him. I am not a conquest. If I was, we would have gone to his houseboat, paparazzi and all. No, there is more between us, and he wants to do things right. I have to respect and admire him for that.

* * * *

Apolo

Caitlyn, Caitlyn, Caitlyn! You’re unlike any other woman I have ever been with. It drives me crazy how you respond to my touch, so easily, so completely. And I haven’t even taken you to bed, yet. I want you completely, every part of you.
Caitlyn White is meant to be mine, and I’ll move heaven and earth if that’s what it takes to make her that. Together, we’ll make a formidable couple, a power house for future projects both at Choice Enterprises and in my personal life. I cannot get her out of head. My body aches for her touch, her scent, her flesh melded with mine.
I knew that Don was not happy about Caitlyn receiving the promotion, however, I never in a million years thought he was as chauvinistic to go as far as to try and belittle her or whatever the hell his plan was. Overhearing his snide little remarks to Caitlyn brought to life just how much some men, still to this day, do not like seeing women in positions of power. If he wants to continue to work at Choice Enterprises, he’s simply going to have to accept her and get over it. I chose the candidate most qualified and that person was Caitlyn.
Don’t ever let it be said that having money makes life nicer or simpler. Instead, it makes things more complicated. After the things Don suggested to Caitlyn, I need to get with Jacob and discuss what needs to be done. Her safety is foremost. I realize she is more than able to look after herself. But this promotion has put her into an entirely new lifestyle. Although, I do have to admit, I was quite pleased at how she handled herself with Don.
Even so, I must address the issue as well.
I left Caitlyn’s office and headed in search of Don. I needed to nip whatever was going on with him in the bud now. Don has always been a hard worker, but he’s one of those new graduates who expects to be installed immediately into the top positions, making an obscene amount of money without putting any sweat into it.
It was obvious by the conversation I overheard him having with Caitlyn that he’s upset he wasn’t chosen for the position. The other disturbing thing to me was the sexual context he implied. I’d never seen nor heard that from him before. Quite frankly, it disturbed me.
Quietly, I approached Don’s office door. Hearing the sound of laughter, I inched my way closer. Looking around the corner of his doorway, I found him on his cell, chatting with someone, laughing. He was seated at his desk, his back to me, swiveling back and forth in his leather executive chair.
I cleared my throat, letting him know he had company. He swung around to see who it was. Immediately, he told whomever he had been talking to that he’d get back to them. Making it appear as a business call.
“Apolo,” he almost stuttered as he placed his phone on the desk. He began to stand, but I motioned him to remain as he was. I was the shark here, and he was simply my chum.
“Do you mind telling me what the hell you thought you were doing back there? Just who the hell do you think you are, Don, walking into my newly-hired executive vice president’s office and all but accusing her of getting the promotion simply in exchange for sexual favors?”
He sat there, his mind obviously hard at work, trying to come up with answers. It was obvious he’d thought if I ever did confront him with this that it wouldn’t be any more than a “please don’t do that again” talk.
“I meant no harm, Apolo. But you know, if Caitlyn’s going to play with us big boys, she’s going to have to toughen up. She needs to realize she ain’t in Kansas anymore.”
The adrenaline was surging through my veins. I had to control my personal emotions toward Caitlyn in front of him. He was out of bounds, and I needed to put him back in his place. “The lady is tough as nails, and she is quite capable of playing with us ‘big boys,’ as you say. She proved that in mergers and acquisitions. That’s part of the reason I chose her for the position.”
“Okay, geez, I’m sorry. I didn’t know the lady was such a touchy subject to you.”
“She is not a touchy subject, Don. I simply do not like it when a disgruntled junior executive of mine oversteps his authority. I’ll leave you with this word of advice. Don’t let me catch you, or hear of a repeat performance of today. If I do, I will be forced to take corrective measures. Do I make myself clear?”
He sat there, dumbfounded. I stood waiting for his answer. Finally, it came.
“Yes, yes of course, Apolo. It won’t happen again, I promise. I meant no harm by it. I was simply shocked by your choice. There are candidates, I believe, far more qualified for the position than Ms. White.”
“And that is exactly why I own the company and I make the decisions, and you are where you are, Don. You have to earn and prove yourself to advance and succeed in the corporate world. You’d be wise to remember that.”
I turned, walked out of the office, and didn’t look back. I had made my point. He knew my position. There was nothing more that needed to be said.
That conversation went easier than expected. Now, to see if it would sink in with him or not. First, however, I think I need to find Jacob. I need to bring him up to speed on this latest development. See if he thinks monitoring Don would be in order.
I swung by Renee’s desk on my way to the elevators. I didn’t need to say much. She knew me well enough to know my habits when a situation arose.
“Going downstairs for a minute, Renee. Be right back.”
She nodded, knowing I was going in search of Jacob. His office was on the second floor, right above the lobby. Security. He was looking over a stack of papers when I entered and shut the door.
“Apolo? What brings you to my humble abode?”
“I want to run a situation by you that just occurred upstairs. See what you think. It involves Caitlyn, but on a professional level. I don’t like what I overheard. It makes me wary.”
“You wouldn’t happen to be talking about Don and his visit to Caitlyn’s office, would you?”
“Yes, how did you…never mind. Renee called, didn’t she?”
“Yep. Don’t worry. I’ve got it handled. Consider Don in our radar.”
I shook my head. “I should have known she’d call you.”
“The man was speaking to your executive vice president in a manner he shouldn’t have been. Renee overheard just enough. That’s when she called me. Anything else I can do for you?”
“No, that’s all for now.”
“Good, then if you don’t mind, I have this stack of incident reports I need to go over.” He smiled. He loved thinking he was ahead of me. And he was, some of the time.
I chuckled, shook my head, and left Jacob to his work. Sometimes, I had to wonder if he and Renee had built-in radar.
Walking into the executive elevator, I pressed the button to my floor. A vision of Caitlyn’s mother crossed my mind. She certainly was everything Caitlyn had said she was. Pushy, domineering, every man’s nightmare for a mother-in-law. But then, the lady and I have just met. She obviously loves her daughter. She just doesn’t give Caitlyn credit with having the smarts to know how to run her own life. 
For now, I’ll just step back and see what transpires in that situation.
Now, comes the hard part. Bringing Caitlyn into my dark world. I can make a game of it for a while—let her think I’m something I’m not. Just until I’m sure that she won’t run. That she won’t leave me as the others have.

* * * *

The following week, with Apolo on the other side of town at a meeting, I made peace with my mother by promising to have lunch. As much as she protested at the parameters she had forced me to lay down, she relented, agreeing to meet at a nearby restaurant.
My plan was set. Renee would call me after precisely one hour, reminding me of some bogus appointment I had. It was the only way I could escape my mother’s need to know things that didn’t concern her.
Mother, of course, was waiting on me. Seated at a table, a glass of white wine in front of her, she anxiously left her seat to greet me. As we sat down, I declined a glass from the bottle mother had ordered and began scoping out the menu.
“So, now that I’ve got you cornered, you must tell me all about your new boss, Caitlyn.”
“What is there to tell? He’s nothing like the hard-edged business man the media portrays him to be. Although, he is shrewd…”
“Don’t play coy with me. You know exactly what I’m talking about. What’s Apolo Choice really like. You know, away from the office.”
The waiter approached again with my iced tea. I quickly recited my order. Mother followed, her eyes never leaving me.
I continued once we were alone again. “There’s nothing to be coy about, Mother. If you’re referring to the other night when we went to his brother’s restaurant up at Lanier, that’s all it was…dinner.”
“That’s not what the media inferred.”
“What you refer to is what Apolo’s own brother fed to the paparazzi. He was simply looking for a way to gain publicity for his restaurant.”
“Bull.”
“Mother, think what you will, but it’s far more interesting to read that Apolo and his dinner guest went somewhere like his houseboat afterward than to have simply left and returned to Atlanta.”
She picked up her wine and took a sip, her gaze never leaving my face. “So, did you go to his houseboat, or did you just return to Atlanta?” I was about to say something when she chimed in again. “I knew it! You don’t have to say a word, Caitlyn. Your expression gave you away.”
“Mother, really. You’re imagining things. We drove back to Atlanta, end of subject.”
“No, I don’t think I am. And what about last night? Didn’t you have dinner with clients? What happened after?”
“It was a work night. He took me home.”
“You can try and spin that story with others, Caitlyn, but it won’t work with me.”
“Enough with the twenty questions.”
“What? A mother wants to know what her daughter is planning. Nothing more. Especially when it involves one of the richest and most influential men in the world.”
“Give it a rest. And just so you know, I have a strict policy of not dating men I work with or am employed by.”
“Which Apolo Choice will ignore. The man is known for getting his way. Face it. You’re doomed.”
I ignored her digs as the waiter brought us our lunch. Without another word to her, I speared my fish with my fork and took a bite of the sautéed sole.
“I’m planning to have a small party to kick off summer the Saturday before Memorial Day weekend. Please make sure to bring Izzie. Oh, and do extend an invitation to your boss.” She skillfully popped a piece of chicken into her mouth. The woman had no shame.
“I’ll have to see what Izzie’s work schedule is like. She’s gone back to three day, twelve hour shifts, and sometimes they fall on weekends. As for Mr. Choice, you’ll have to invite him yourself. He’s my boss, and it would be highly inappropriate for me to invite him to one of your soirees.”
“I will, then.”
Not wanting to spar with her over Apolo anymore, I ignored the topic. I tried to find something more “middle of the road” to discuss. It was sad, but my mother and I didn’t have a lot in common anymore. Topics I found stimulating bored her. Things that caught her interest were shallow to me. She was, unfortunately, quite selfish. Something I fought hard with myself to overlook.
It wasn’t easy, but I managed enough small talk in between bites to survive until my phone rang.
“So sorry, Mother. That’s work. I forgot about my afternoon meeting. It’s very important, as I’m new to the client. I’ll let you know about Izzie and the party.”
I was never so glad to step out of the cool restaurant and into the warm sun.



Chapter Four


Caitlyn

Apolo closed the door to his office late one afternoon. We had just finished a long meeting with his advertising team about how to spin a chain of malls he had recently acquired. I had been in my new position for slightly over a month, yet my head was reeling from the variety of ideas everyone brought to the table.
It was refreshing to listen to such a diverse and talented group. Not one idea had been discussed as though it wasn’t a possibility. That was a change from the usual—when most people thought their idea, and their idea alone, was the one that should be used. But Apolo Choice wasn’t in the habit of hiring second-class employees.
“Good meeting, wasn’t it?” He sauntered back toward his desk and sat down on the edge closest to me. I felt his gray eyes boring right through my clothing. I could tell where he was headed.
“Yes, yes, it was, I thought.” I squirmed in my chair in an attempt to reposition myself. I couldn’t be alone in a room with him without my body melting into lust.
“By the way, I forgot to mention. I received a phone call from your mother inviting me to a small party she’s having. She said she tried to get you to invite me, but that you refused. Why? Why would you do that Caitlyn?” He reached down with his hand and lightly rubbed his thumb against the back of one of mine. Then, he picked it up in his larger one, continuing his sexual prelude.
“Because it’s her party and her responsibility to invite guests, not mine.”
“You won’t have a problem, then, if I told you I accepted?” He was bent over, his face inches from mine. I could smell his cologne, his mustiness, and I couldn’t keep my eyes off his crotch. He was hard, bulging in his suit pants.
“No, of course not.” I didn’t move, and I dared not look at him.
“Caitlyn?”
“What?”
“We have a little problem.”
“What might that be?”
His fingers gently flicked my hair back behind my ear as he whispered, “I want you, now. I can’t wait.” His lips brushed over the shell as he waited for my reply.
I sat up, determined I was going to stay in control and not throw my beliefs to the wind for this man. “Well then, we’ve got a problem, don’t we Apolo?”
He didn’t flinch. Instead, he leaned toward me once again. “Give it up. You can see how badly I want you, and I know you want me just as much. I can smell your scent.”
Before I could respond, Renee buzzed in. “I’m sorry to interrupt, Mr. Choice, but that phone call you’ve been expecting is on line one.”
He unfolded himself and turned toward the phone. “Thank you, Renee. Tell the senator I’ll be right with him.” Turning back to face me, a muscle in his angular face twitching, he said. “I’ll pick you up at seven. Bring an overnight bag. Enough for the weekend.”
I opened my mouth to begin to protest, but quickly realized it would be futile. “Of course. I expect we’ll—”
“Seven, Caitlyn.” He was dismissing me.
Yes, we would be discussing some things. Like how we were going to carry on this relationship between boss and employee and not let our personal feelings get in the way. Because it was getting personal, and Apolo knew it. In fact, if I didn’t know better, he already had a solution. Something I supposed I would find out this weekend.
The man was infuriating! Everything was so black and white to him. So planned out. Yes, that was it. Planned out. He was one of those men who obviously had been planning out his life for years.
I wondered when it had started. High school, perhaps? Or college? Everything seemed to be in some sort of order. He knew what he wanted, how to get it, and then at the exact, precise moment, knew when to snatch it up. I seriously doubted anything ever went wrong in Apolo Choice’s life. The man had no known business failures. Everything had proceeded like clockwork for him since college.
That left his personal life. No one knew much about that side of the man. His bio and press releases made no mention of any significant woman in his life, either past or present. With good reason—the man was pure, one-hundred percent, testosterone-driven, alpha male. Whether he would admit to it or not. And here I was getting myself involved with him deeper and deeper. As much as part of me wanted to resist, I couldn’t. I was hooked.

* * * *

I left Izzy a note telling her my weekend plans and reminding her of my mother’s party. Between our schedules and now Apolo, it seemed Izzy and I never had time to catch up face to face. I was secretly hoping some girl time shopping would help.
As I was placing the note on the kitchen table, in she walked.
“Let me guess, date night with Mr. Apolo?”
“Yeah, date weekend. I’ve got to sit him down. We’ve got to figure out where this thing between us is headed.”
“It’s headed straight to the bedroom, Caitlyn, and you know it. I don’t know how the two of you keep your hands off each other during work hours. I know I’d be hard pressed.”
“And that’s what I’m talking about, Izz.”
“Like I told you—enjoy it while it lasts. And don’t worry about me. I’m working tomorrow anyway. Don’t forget next week we’re going shopping after work to get something pretty for your mother’s party.” She giggled, and I knew she was okay. Izzy knew my mother almost as well as I did. “We’ll plan to have dinner, too.”
A knock on the door and I knew he had arrived. Nervously, I leaned over and gave my friend a peck on the cheek.
“Want me to answer that? I really don’t mind, you know. He’s well worth the look.”
“By all means, answer it. Enjoy the view.”
I scurried past her to my bedroom to get my things while she let the sex god in. Knowing he didn’t tolerate tardiness, I grabbed my bag and purse quickly.
“I’ll see you Sunday evening if you’re not working, Iz,” I said brushing past her and into Apolo’s space. He had already been home and changed. He was dressed in pressed jeans and a short sleeve polo shirt to deter the brutal heat outside.
“No dress?” he asked as his muscular forearm reached out to retrieve my bag.
“You didn’t say where we might be going.” I replied.
“No matter. We’ll pick you something up in the morning, if we need to. Izzy, nice to see you as always.” He nodded in her direction, opening the door and guiding me out into the sweltering humidity. I caught Izzy out of the corner of my eye as she winked at me.
A black Range Rover greeted us at the front of my building. Apolo opened the passenger side door for me, standing there as I slid in. He walked around to the back where he opened the rear door and deposited my bag before climbing into the driver’s side. He started the vehicle without a word, backed it out of its parking spot, and we were off.
Clearly, we were not staying in Atlanta, or at least I didn’t get the feeling we were. I had noted boxes and bags of food and other items related to camping or a trip away somewhere close. Camping was off the list immediately. Apolo didn’t seem the type to be down in the dirt and bugs.
Maneuvering the massive SUV through the late Friday afternoon traffic, he finally spoke. “I thought we’d go to my cabin. It’s private, and no one knows about it, so we won’t have to worry about the paparazzi stalking us.”
My imagination went into full gear as I tried to imagine what the word cabin meant to Apolo Choice. Was it going to be a huge modern, filled-with-the-latest log home, or was it going to be more along the lines of something simple.
As though he’d read my thoughts, he quickly answered my question. “In case you’re wondering, it’s a small cabin down on Lake Oconee. It’s secluded, sits on about a hundred acres. It’s where I go when I want to be left alone. Not even my family knows I own it.”
“Sounds nice. I guess even the great Apolo Choice needs somewhere to recharge.”
I heard a low chuckle come from deep within his throat. “Yes, but we’ll have plenty to occupy our time.”
“I’m sure you have it all planned out.” As the words came out of my mouth, I noticed the man had a hard on. Did I do that to him, or was he just one incredibly horny man?
“Don’t worry. We won’t be spending all of our time having sex, Caitlyn. I do have a dock and a boat. I thought we might go out and fish.”
“Fish? You fish?”
“Yes, I find it a wonderful way to alleviate stress. Though I will admit, I prefer fly fishing.”
“You never cease to amaze me, Apolo.”
“I intend to make sure I always do.” He cast a sultry glance my way. He winked at me as his hand reached across, taking mine in his larger one. We rode that way for some time. Quiet. Just the two of us.
We pulled up to a gravel road off the main, country road. Apolo turned down the tree-lined lane and followed it a good ways until we encountered a metal farm gate. It was nothing you wouldn’t find on any other rural piece of property.
Apolo hopped out of the SUV and unlocked it with a small key then pulled it to one side before re-entering the vehicle. He drove through far enough for the SUV to clear then repeated the entire process. Finally, he continued to follow the dirt and gravel road through the woods until we came to a clearing.
Sitting in the clearing, barely in view of the lake, sat a very small, older log cabin. Exactly as he described it, there was nothing fancy about this home. Pulling up in front of the structure, he shut off the engine.
“See, I told you. Just a place to come and think.”
“I’m impressed. I really wasn’t expecting this.”
Unfastening his seatbelt, he opened his door and sauntered over to my side. I undid my belt as I waited for him to come open my door. When he did, I took his hand and let him assist me out. He was the perfect gentleman as he led me to the front door. As I waited for him to unlock it, I noticed how dark the trees made it seem. Granted, it was dusk, but the forest allowed very little light down from the canopy.
My breath hitched as I passed his larger masculine body and made my way inside the house. I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt what would happen the second that door shut. So intense was the air that the hair on the back of my neck and arms stood on end. What was it about this man?
We stood facing each other, his face inches from mine. His arms wrapped around me as his mouth met mine in a lavish, soul-wrenching kiss. It was beyond my expectations, leaving me breathless for more. I was too overcome by his passion to do much more than hold on. One hand was firmly around my waist, the other wandering, touching, feeling, grasping what had until now been out of reach.
Finally, he broke away, our foreheads touching. We were both panting, needing. “My god, Caitlyn,” he gasped as he tried to straighten up. “I’m sorry. I’m being rude. Can I get you something to drink? I thought we’d grill out in a while…”
“No,” I heard myself murmur. “I don’t want anything but you.” It was true. My body ached for him, for his touch. I wanted him to touch me in places I had only dreamed of. I wanted him deep inside me.
He kissed me deeply once more, our mouths locked together by passion, our tongues sparring in a duel. Taking me by the hand, he led me into a small, dark bedroom. We stood there undressing ourselves as fast as we could. Everything about him turned me on, but especially the way he touched me until he coaxed me into orgasm…not that it took much coaxing.
He nibbled and kissed his way down to my breast, plumping it in his palm as he gently bit the pink, pointed tip before laving it and suckling as I squirmed under him. Then, he slid lower, licking his way to my navel, then even lower. I melted into him, lifting my hips toward his mouth, his tongue. I thought I would come unhinged as he nipped at my clit in such a way that my body screamed for more.
My hands fisted into the sheets as I licked my parched lips. I moaned as his tongue pushed into me, his fingers parting the folds of my womanhood. Never had I felt anything as erotic as I did at this moment. I groaned as he glided over my swollen clit. “Oh God, I’m going to come again.”
My body melted as he made one last, hard lick and then sucked. My orgasm radiated through my very essence. He kept thrusting his tongue into my sex as I convulsed from the white-hot tremor that filled me.
Before I could recover, he flipped me over to my stomach, positioning me at the edge of the mattress. He positioned my hands above my head, my fingers intertwining. Running his hands down along my body, he whispered, “Damn, I love to watch you come. You look like an angel.”
I felt the tip of his cock as he readied himself. His weight bore down on me as he thrust inside me, stretching me, filling me. He gathered one hand under my stomach, supporting me as he pushed in and out, until his body began to quiver and he began to rub that nub, coaxing me over the edge again. His hips ground against me, the wet flesh slapping as he pumped furiously into me until his release.
I lay there dripping in my sweat, as well as his. He carefully maneuvered us so that I was cradled in his arms.
If I told you the first time was all primal, slamming sex, I’d be lying. Had all that nonsense which had spewed out of Apolo’s mouth been a lie, a hoax, perhaps even a front? Not entirely.
I awoke hours later, surprised I had fallen asleep at all. Apolo’s musky scent permeated my pillowcase, the sheets on which I lay. But the bed was void of his body. I stayed still for a few minutes, taking in the sounds of the cabin. Hearing nothing out of the ordinary, I quietly rose. The door to the bedroom was pulled to, but not completely shut. The soft glow of a lamp beckoned me into the living room.
There he sat, naked as the day he was born, on a soft, black leather recliner. His legs parted, his arms propped up on his knees, a brandy snifter in one hand. He was staring into space. If he was aware of my approaching presence, he didn’t let on.
Stealthily I neared, my arm wrapping around his muscular shoulder, trying desperately not to gawk at all he revealed. “Something bothering you, Apolo?”
He shifted the snifter from his left hand to the right. Then, he stretched the free one and took hold of mine. “No, I couldn’t sleep, and I didn’t want to wake you.”
“Apolo, we may be new at this couple thing, if that’s what we’re becoming, but I think I know you well enough to know when you’re not being honest with me.”
“Ah yes, us. Come. Sit with me. Can I get you a brandy?”
“No, thanks. I’ll just grab a bottle of water.” I pulled my hand away from his and turned toward the kitchen. I didn’t look back. I wondered what was up with him and what he meant by his last comment.
Re-entering the room, I found he had changed where he was seated. I joined him on the soft, black, leather sofa.
“So, what’s so serious that you couldn’t sleep?” I asked, cracking open the plastic bottle.
He took a long swallow off his brandy. I tried shamelessly not to look down. The man was again aroused.
“This,” he replied, his hand tapping where a knee should be, but where a prosthetic limb began instead.
“What happened?”
“What happened is not important right now, Caitlyn. I’ll tell you the whole gory story later. What’s important right now is that I’ve let my guard down with you.”
“Is that a bad thing, Apolo, letting your guard down?”
“I’m not sure how I feel about it, to be honest with you. Apart from immediate family, you are the first person who knows of my…my deformity.”
“Your family, me, and the medical personnel, you mean.” I hoped my attempt at humor wouldn’t darken his already bleak mood.
“Yes, of course.”
“And you’re afraid, now that I know about this, it will run me off. Am I close?”
“Yes. That was the real reason for the contract I brought up. I don’t want pity, Caitlyn. What happened, happened. It was a stupid accident. No one is to blame but me.”
“Well, it’s going to take a lot more than the fact that you’ve lost part of a leg to run me off, Choice. A lot more.”
“You’re sure? You don’t find it grotesque?”
“No, no, I don’t. And yes, I’m sure. Tell me something, though—why now?”
“Oh, for several reasons. For now, the one I can share is the fact that I desperately wanted to feel your skin next to mine. No fabric, no nothing between us. Only you and me. And I thought here would be as good a place as any. Better, actually. It’s quiet, no interruptions…”
I moved closer to him, putting my hand over the point where his real leg stopped and the artificial one started. So, this was his Achilles heel, his weakness. He trusted me enough to share this with me. Had there been others?
“May I ask you something? Have you ever, um, revealed your uniqueness to any other women?” I eyed him with interest, trying to detect his answer.
“Yes, once. It was not too long after my accident. The sight horrified her, and ever since then, I’ve made sure no woman has known. Until you…” He spread his legs, opening his thighs to me.
There was scarring, very close to his… Oh, shit.
“You see that scar? Well, it used to be red and ugly. I came close to losing my junk, Caitlyn.” He stifled a laugh. The look on his face told me how difficult telling me this detail was for him. For the first time, his eyes weren’t as bright as they normally were.
“Apolo, the past is the past. I am so grateful that you’ve shared this with me. We’ll be fine.” I moved my hand slowly to the scar, tracing it with my fingers, moving toward his arousal. “Thank goodness you didn’t lose your junk, or we wouldn’t be about to fuck, would we?”
“No, we wouldn’t. Caitlyn…”
“Save it for a while, Choice. What else is on your mind? I know you’ve had a lot going on lately. It can’t be anymore mind-blowing that what you just revealed.”
“You know a couple senators and highly visible Washington businessmen have been calling me.”
“I’ve heard you mention them from time to time. Or been in your office when they’ve called you.”
“It seems my name keeps popping up in conversations concerning a certain political office.”
“And you’re seriously considering it?”
“Let’s just say, I’m open to the possibility.”
“What’s the problem, then?”
“Us, for one. I refuse to give you up for some senate seat. I’ve been looking for you all my life, and I won’t have anyone dictate how I do or do not live.”
“So, we either have to stop being fuck buddies and refocus our relationship into something more or we need to stop seeing each other entirely. Am I close?”
“I never thought of you as a fuck buddy. I want you there with me. We’ll figure us out as we go.”
“What are you saying? How would that effect my position at Choice?”
“Nothing changes.”
“How long have you been thinking about this?”
“Off and on for some time now. We’re good together, Caitlyn. The sex just makes it better, more complete. Think about it. That’s all I’m asking.”
“Fair enough. Now, let me ask you—is this something you want to do? Get into politics?”
“I’ve thought about it off and on for years. I really think I have a lot to offer people.”
“Oh, you do have a lot to offer people, Apolo. I promise I’ll think about it. Just let me digest what you just told me.”
“Fair enough.”

* * * *

I slept fitfully the remainder of the night. It seemed to affect Apolo the same way. Finally, I gave up, threw on a pair of shorts and a tank top, and headed to the kitchen. Coffee. I needed coffee. I found the container with whole beans next to a grinder. I pressed the start button until I was satisfied with the consistency. Once the water came to a boil, I poured it over the grounds in the French press.
Too keyed up from the previous night’s activities and conversation, I began to cook breakfast. I was so engrossed in my thoughts, I never heard Apolo enter behind me.
“Smells wonderful, Caitlyn.”
I swung around to find him standing there in a pair of running shorts, nothing more. “I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“No, I couldn’t sleep, either. Is that coffee I spy over there?” He motioned to the counter.
I nodded, as my hands were busy with the task in front of me. “Yes, it’s fresh, too.”
He stood beside me, rummaging through the cabinet above for a mug. Upon finding the one he wanted, he poured himself a cup, no cream, no sugar. Black and strong.
“I thought perhaps we could do some fishing after breakfast. It’s supposed to be a prime time. That is, if you’re up to it.”
“Yes, I’m game. It would probably be good to get our minds off other stuff.”
“Exactly.”
Finally, I finished cooking and plated him a helping of eggs, bacon, and toast, setting it in front of him. After making one for myself, I sat down at the small table across from him.
“So, you want my answer, Choice?”
“You’ve decided? Already?”
“Yep, and my answer is yes. If you want to pursue politics, and it means making our relationship public, then yes, I support you. One hundred percent. We’ll work it out.”
“You’re sure you want to do this, Caitlyn? Once it starts, there’s no turning back.”
“I realize that, and I trust you’ll do the honorable thing and not kick me to the curb.”
“I could never do that. My feelings for you are too deep now for me to ever go back.”
“Eat your breakfast, Apolo, before it gets cold. It’s too early in the morning to hear you become all mushy.”
A lopsided grin flicked across his angular face as he studied me for a moment. “Is that the best you’ve got?. You agree to let me turn your world upside down, forever changed, and you tell me to eat my breakfast?”
“It is what it is, Apolo. It’s not like this won’t be the center topic of all our discussions this weekend now. Among other things…”
“True. I simply expected something a little more dramatic.”
“In case you haven’t noticed, I’m not much on high drama. You’ve met my mother, that’s as high as it comes in my little corner of the world.”
“Used to, Caitlyn. Like I said, if you want to back out, now’s the time to do it.”
“Eat your damn breakfast before the fish do whatever it is fish do, and I’m blamed for none being around for you to catch.”
Finishing our meal, I was pleasantly surprised to find Apolo alongside me, drying dishes as I washed and rinsed.
Quietly, I followed him down the dirt trail toward the bank of the lake. Situated on it was a small, non-descript fishing boat, an older model, the type with an outboard motor. Apolo carefully maneuvered himself on board and checked the gas tanks for fuel. Satisfied, he placed the one he had carried next to the back of the vessel. He then turned to face me and take the tackle box and poles I stood holding before assisting me onto the craft.
I gingerly sat on the center seat and awaited his instructions. He started the motor then climbed off and freed the two mooring ropes holding the boat in place. Jumping back on, he pushed us off and headed us out onto the lake. Unable to hear a word he said over the roar of the outboard, he motioned me to turn around and take in the sights of the beautiful surroundings. The place he had in mind for our fishing expedition took only minutes. A small cove, void of any human habitation. He navigated to one side and shut off the motor.
Begging off having him take time to show me how, I sat and watched as Apolo fished and was amazed how much he seemed to enjoy the sport. This was a side of the man he allowed few, if anyone, to see. The human one.
Having caught two good-sized bass, he released them back into the murky water, and we headed to another area. The weather, however, had other plans for us. Black, ominous clouds appeared out of nowhere.
Apolo started the motor and pointed the boat back toward his cabin in the woods. We had no more gotten the craft situated and were entering the cabin when Mother Nature let loose with a torrential downpour.



Chapter Five


Mother Nature wasn’t the only thing full of fury. After removing our shoes at the doorway, we retreated to the bedroom. “Come, Caitlyn, I know the perfect way to pass a rainy afternoon.”
As he led me by the hand, I hungrily followed him. He made me stand in front of him at the foot of the bed as he slowly and methodically took off each piece of my clothing. He started with my tank top.
Quietly, while watching my face, he pulled the skimpy garment over my head. Bunching it in one of his massive hands, he let it fall to the ground with ease. My bra came next. He unhooked the front closure, allowing my breasts to fall from their prison. As he pushed it over my shoulders, his lips sensually captured one of my nipples and began to suckle and roll it into a hard point.
My instinct at that moment was to grab onto his shoulders, but when I did, Apolo pushed them aside. “No touching. Keep your hands to your sides. I’ll tell you when you can touch me.”
Our eyes locked for a second before he continued with what he had started. Grabbing one breast, he ran the peak between his teeth, sucking it before moving onto the other. My body was on fire. I caught myself moaning in pleasure at the sensations running through me.
Then, he began kissing down, down toward my stomach, until he reached my naval. Unfastening the clasp on my shorts and unzipping them, Apolo abruptly pulled them over my hips and let them fall into a puddle around my ankles. I could feel the moisture that had seeped out of me and onto my panties.
As if he knew this, Apolo prodded me to part my legs as he rubbed his forefinger along the crotch of my soaking wet underwear. He pushed the fabric aside and ran the digit lightly along my mound, all the way to my pussy.
Glancing down at him, I noted how intense but sensual his face looked. As though he could feel my eyes on him, he abruptly yanked my panties off as well. I stood in front of him completely naked. I quivered in need, wondering what he would do next.
“Lay on the center of the bed on your back.”
I obliged him without hesitation. As I made myself comfortable, I noted he had moved to the dresser off to the side of the room. He opened a drawer , and after a few seconds, pulled some items out. He held whatever they were to his side so I couldn’t see them.
“Do you trust me, Caitlyn?”
“Yes, of course I do. Why?”
“Because what I’m going to show you requires your total trust.”
“What exactly—”
“Shhhh. It’s nothing that will hurt you. I would never hurt you. Let’s just call it a lesson in becoming aware of your senses, okay?”
“As long as it’s nothing kinky.”
He laughed a lower, deep-throated sound. “I will show you how to feel things you’ve never felt before.” He approached, taking one of my hands. Wrapping a silk scarf around my wrist, he extended my arm toward the headboard. I must have looked panicked because he flicked a sensual grin before continuing. “Trust me Caitlyn. I’m not going to tie you. I’m merely going to wrap the scarf around the post. You can pull yourself free at any time, should you feel the need to.”
I nodded and allowed him to do the same with my other arm. He spread my legs apart, but never restrained them. Instead, he stood there for what seemed like an eternity as he looked hungrily at that spot between my thighs.
Producing another scarf, he lifted my head, placing the fabric around my eyes and gently tying it behind me. “What’s this for?”
“Trust me, Caitlyn. You will learn to see through touch.”
I heard clothes rustling. He was undressing, but neatly placing his on a chair in the room. I made out the sound of him at the dresser again and wondered what it was he was getting this time.
The next thing I felt was Apolo’s breath slowly tickling my clit. He had raised my knees and spread my legs to his liking. It moved my already-spiraling-out-of-control desire to a few notches from orgasm. Then, I felt his fingers as they parted the folds of skin so he could blow more cool air on the normally unexposed skin.
“Oh fuck, Apolo.”
He chuckled. “What?”
“I feel like I’m going to come if you do that about one more time.”
“You can’t come, Caitlyn. Not until I tell you you can.”
“I don’t know how much longer I can hold it.”
A quick swipe of his tongue over my swollen clit sent me pushing my hips toward his mouth. Again, he let out a low laugh. With his fingers still holding my flesh apart, he lightly began running his tongue around and down but never touching the most sensitive spot. My final undoing was when he took the hardened nub between his lips and sucked.
My body shook and rocked as I went over the edge in pleasure I had never felt before. His hands were now under my buttocks, as his mouth did things to me I’d only read in books. Wave after wave of orgasms exploded through my body.
Straddling me, Apolo bent over and covered my mouth in an all-passionate kiss. I could taste myself on his tongue as he probed its depths. “Did that feel good? It must have, angel. You soaked the sheets when you came. But we need to discuss your inability to follow my instructions. When I say you can’t come until I say, you must show more restraint. Understood?”
“Fuck me. I need to feel you inside me.”
“And you shall have me. But first, I want to watch you gush again.” He thrust two fingers inside my pussy and quickly found what he was looking for. I felt his thumb as it rubbed my aching clit. It took mere seconds until my body bucked.
I wanted to see him. I wanted to touch him. But he kept me restrained, even though I could have broken the bond. Instead, I felt the tip of his engorged cock at my entrance as he teased me with it. Then, he thrust himself deep and began to pump hard and furious. His hands held my buttocks close to his groin as he pounded in and out.
“I can’t hold on any longer. I want you to feel my cock. I want you to let yourself come with me. You know you can do it. Feel my cock.”
“I need to…”
“Tell me, angel. Tell me what you need. Anything but touch me with your hands. Not yet.”
“Fuck me hard.”
I felt his body begin to quiver as I ground my hips against him, my orgasm releasing just behind his. He groaned, saying something I didn’t understand. He lay on top of me as we finished and began to quiet.
“That was fucking fantastic, Apolo.”
He burst out laughing in my ear. “I’m glad you approve. Do you understand what I was trying to show you?”
“Oh, yes.”
He reached up and let the scarves loose He looked so damn seductive as his mouth covered mine. I threw my arms around his muscular back, feeling every sweaty inch of him.
We lay there in each other’s arms, listening to the sound of the rain beating down on the old, tin roof. The storm seemed to have settled in for the day. Awakened by the crack of thunder, Apolo pulled me closer. Outside of the morning’s fishing expedition in his small boat, the day had rendered nothing but one sexual encounter after another.
“I don’t know about you, but I’m getting rather hungry. That fine breakfast you cooked left me hours ago, Ms. White.”
“Hmmm. I was just thinking the same thing. What do you suggest? You released the fish you caught.”
“As I always do. This rain has put a damper on any ideas I may have had.” He chuckled. “I was going to grill us a couple of steaks, but the weather seems to have ruined that.”
“You could always cook them indoors, you know.”
“True, but the oven is broken, and I hate pan-fried steaks. Ruins a good cut of meat, don’t you think?”
“I suppose. What other options do we have?”
“There’s a barbeque place on the outskirts of town. They serve great ribs and barbeque along with some of the coldest beer around. If you’re game…”
“Sounds good to me. But we need to shower. You want to flip for who goes first, Choice? Because I know that shower won’t hold the two of us, and even if it did, we’d never get out of this cabin.”
“Point taken, Caitlyn. You go. I’m not sure I can walk that far just yet.”
“You wish.” I snorted as I threw my legs off the side of the bed and headed towards the bathroom.

* * * *

A short time later, we were inside his SUV headed through the mud and rain toward the tiny town. I closed my eyes as I sat back, inhaling the essence of his maleness and his cologne. Whatever doubts or anxieties I may have had regarding getting close to Apolo Choice had blown out the window hours ago. The man was becoming an addiction, a sex drug my body craved.
The touch of his hand on my forearm brought me out of my daydreaming. I flicked a grin his way and patted the top. “Where were you?”
“I’m sorry, I was mesmerized by the rain and the scenery. I can see why you like to come here,” I lied. I wasn’t sure if he bought it, and frankly, I didn’t care. The man was doing things to me, to my body, that sent me over the edge. Just as he had promised just a few months prior. Mr. gray-eyed sex god.
I caught a smug look cross his angular face as he refocused his eyes on the pavement in front of him. We were heading down a country two-lane, in the opposite direction we had arrived. Toward a small rural, town with some of the best barbeque I would ever taste.
We were seated in the old gas-station-turned-restaurant, a huge plate of ribs stacked in front of us, another piled high with steaming French fries, and two bottles of cold beer. Dinner in rural Georgia at its finest.
I placed my drink down on the vinyl tablecloth and reached for another meaty rib. As I did, a question left my lips. Apolo had spoken little of his family. Yes, there was his brother, and I knew his parents were both from old Atlanta money, but that was about it. “You mentioned once that our mothers would get along famously. Do your parents still live in the Atlanta area?”
He licked his fingers of the sticky barbeque sauce, a seductive expression on his face. I knew that look well by now. The man was incorrigible when it came to sex. He grinned and picked up another rib, holding it in his hand.
“They still own their home on Blackburn, but they’ve been spending the past couple of years traveling extensively. Something they didn’t get to do a lot of until my father retired. Now, they revel in going to new places. And Caitlyn, if you think I got my start from my family, think again. Every penny, I earned on my own. I’m no trust fund baby, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“Never crossed my mind, Choice. As a matter of fact, I believe I’ve read that somewhere in all the thousands of pages that have been written about you. I take it your parents are off on an adventure right now?” God the man could make your head spin once he got to talking. I often wondered if it was a habit he’d developed to confuse his prey.
“Yes, New Zealand, I believe. Then Australia, I’m sure. My father wants to go to Fiji and some of the small islands that dot the Pacific.”
“Sounds exotic. Do they know of your intended plans?”
“My father is aware of some of the talk. If things develop as I expect, they’ll be back at just the proper time.”
“Can I ask one more thing?” I was getting the distinct feeling he didn’t want to be taking up valuable time with me discussing his family.
“Ask away.”
“Outside of Anthony, any other siblings? I’ve only read about Tony, but I suppose that’s because of his restaurants and catering.”
“No, it’s just the two of us. Thank goodness.” He picked up his beer and drained what was left. “From what I know on the matter, Tony’s birth was a difficult one, and mother was never able to have any more children. I suppose his birth, in some small way, is a reflection on him—difficult.” He flashed a lopsided grin at his own joke.
“Or intense, but I suppose you are the more intense one of the two?”
“Yes, I am, but don’t go thinking I am the way I am because of some hidden family secret. You know…about how I was secretly abused, and now I’ve turned into this dominant, testosterone-charged man…because it ain’t there.” He spoke in rapid-fire succession. Then, he instantly calmed and continued, “Tell me—your father is back in his native Ireland. You were born there. Why exactly did he return, and by himself? If it’s not too painful to talk about.”
“No, not at all. It is what it is. He worked quite closely with the government trying to bring American businesses to Ireland. As his contract was winding down, one of the world’s largest software giant’s approached him with a job offer. He would’ve been a fool to turn it down.”
“I suppose…”
“Anyway, my mother refused to return to Dublin. My brother and I were both grown. I became an American citizen once I turned twenty-one and never batted an eye.”
“When was the last time you saw your father?” He wiped his hands on a paper towel from a roll strategically placed on every table.
“I saw him last summer. Spent three weeks in Ireland with him. He seems content and at peace with his decision to return.”
“Perhaps we’ll make the time to go see him before long, if you’d like.”
“Yes, I would. Very much so, thank you.”
“I may not be very good at relationships, the few that I’ve had, but I do know how important family is.”
“Word of advice, Choice, before we change the subject? Break my heart, and I’ll hunt you down like prey, rip out your cold, black heart, and stomp on it. Or I’ll simply sic my mother on you. Either way, I don’t think the end result would be pretty.”
He raised his empty bottle in a mock salute. “Point taken, Ms. White. Now, if you’re finished, I think we should head back. This rain isn’t letting up and the road on the property can get interesting to maneuver.”
“I’m ready whenever you are.” I set my drink down and finished wiping my fingers before standing.
Apolo reached across the table and took one of my hands. “What you said just now, Caitlyn? I’d never intentionally hurt you. Never. Not knowing I’d have to face your mother.” He laughed, helping me from the table.
I knew he wasn’t playing with me. His personal relationships were few and far between, so when he invested his being into them, he did so one-hundred percent…but he still hadn’t shared what had happened to him. I knew not to push him.
We headed back toward his fishing cabin, the rain still as relentless as it had been all day. It was also causing the daylight to fade faster than normal. He finally broke our comfortable silence. “We’ll be heading to Washington on Wednesday. My handlers are trying to get a couple more meetings set for Thursday. If they’re confirmed, we’ll leave Wednesday afternoon.”
I nodded. “Handlers? I would have taken you for doing it all on your own.”
“Not in Washington, Caitlyn. There are those, believe it or not, who are more adept at how things work in the political arena than I.”
“Whatever is decided just let me know. I’ll be ready.”
“This is all very premature, right now. I’m merely feeling folks out, testing the waters before any decisions are made.”
He maneuvered the SUV in front of the cabin once more. The rain was never ending. I grabbed my purse and prepared to run as soon as he opened my door. Luckily, there was enough of a covered stoop to allow us some shelter as he unlocked the door.
Inside, we both removed our shoes, which were covered in mud despite the gravel Apolo had recently had lain. I pulled off my socks and headed to the bedroom to deposit them along with my purse.
Returning to the comfortable living room, I noticed Apolo with a bottle of Grey Goose. He lifted it toward me. “Care for a drink? A glass of wine, perhaps?”
“A glass of wine, if you don’t mind.”
“I forgot to bring brandy or scotch to restock the bar. I believe I was distracted at the thought of bringing you here.”
“I’m glad you did. I’m going to hate having to go back tomorrow.” I accepted the Cabernet from him and sat back in one of the recliners.
He stood, leaning against the small cabinet that served as his bar. “I’m going to have to drop you off at your place, you know. For more than one reason.”
“It’s only for overnight.”
“You’ll be okay, then, going to work on your own, pretending everything is the same? Once we go to Washington, everything will change, Caitlyn. I know this is happening extremely fast, but I want you to understand that.”
“I’ll be fine. I’ll need to at least let Izzie know we’re coming out, as it were, so she isn’t hit like a deer in the headlights. And so she can, of course, deal with my mother while we’re away.”
“I’ll have Jacob make sure she’s okay. I don’t want you to worry.”
“Oh, I’m not worried about Izzie. It’s Don who worries me. I don’t trust him, Apolo. There’s something off about him. I haven’t been able to put my finger on it, yet.”
“Don is the last person for you to worry about. I have him handled, should he step out of line.”
I giggled. “What are you going to do—send him to Siberia or something?”
“No, not Siberia, although that is a tempting idea. Don’t give him a second thought, Caitlyn. Come in Monday and Tuesday and do your job as you usually do.”
“Enjoy the calm before the storm?”
“Exactly.”
He sauntered across the room and covered my mouth with his.

* * * *

Wednesday and our impending trip to Washington couldn’t arrive quick enough. Don did his usual snooping, hearing through the rumor mills that Apolo was headed to the nation’s capital later in the week. He strolled into my office Tuesday afternoon as I was powering my computer down and packing what items I would take with me to work on while Apolo was in his meetings.
“Accompanying the boss to Washington?” he snarked.
“Not that it’s any of your business, but yes, Don, I am.”
“I don’t know of any reason for him to take you along. You’re supposed to be his second in command, which means you should be here running his business while he’s in Washington. Unless, of course, he has other uses for you.”
The man in question arrived on the scene. “Like the lady said, Don, it’s none of your business. Word of warning, let me catch you harassing my Executive Vice President in any way, and you’ll find yourself out on the curb so fast, it’ll make your head spin! Now, you need to leave. Oh, and by the way, just in case you have any questions while we’re out of town, Henry Scott will be in charge.”
The two men glared at each other. Apolo was the obvious dominate, alpha male in this confrontation, and although clearly angry, he never raised his voice. The only change I noted was his face darkening and a twitch on one side. I could have sworn I caught a whiff of testosterone in the air as the two men sized the other up.
Don knew better than to cross the line any further than he already had. He turned on his heel without another word and walked out of my office.
I sat on the edge of my desk, watching him leave. Apolo closed the door and stood by the frame for a moment. I was sure he was trying to appraise the situation and what I was feeling.
“That man,” I announced, “is trouble. I don’t trust him any farther than I can throw him.”
“I told you not to worry about him. Consider him handled. I have a project I’m going to involve him in. One I know he’s been eyeing. He’ll be so busy that he won’t have time to scheme and plot against you.”
And then he was in my space, standing right in front of me. There was the faint smell of male muskiness about him. One of the things I enjoyed. His hand rested on my shoulder lightly before he moved to my cheek, where he tilted my face up to meet his as his mouth covered mine. The man could kiss, well, that and more things than I could think of sitting here with his tongue seducing me.
“Dinner tonight?” he asked, his mouth inches from mine.
“I, um, really should spend some time with Izzie. But if you wouldn’t mind eating some of our feeble attempts at lasagna, I could be easily talked into you joining us.” I gently touched my lips to his as I finished. A way to entice him. “Besides, I think we owe her that much. Her life’s going to change too, you know, as soon as you make it clear we’re a couple. She doesn’t deserve to read about it in the paper or over the internet.”
“Point taken and agreed, Ms. White. What time should I be there?”
“Will seven work?”
“Absolutely. It’ll also give us some time…”
“Don’t push it, bud. You’re going to have me all to yourself in Washington, remember?”
He laughed that deep-throated, masculine laugh I’d come to love. “Touché! And what about your mother—do you want to call her ahead of the fact and warn her?”
“Hell, no! Let her find out like the rest of the world. On the news or internet or plain old gossip. It’ll make things much more dramatic for her that way.”
He laughed once again. “That’s what I love about you, Caitlyn. You’re full of fire.”
“Well, like I told you, my mother is the drama queen. This way will make it so much more fun for her.”
“Dinner at seven, then, with you and Izzie. I look forward to it.”
“As do I, Mr. Choice. Just remember to be a good boy and behave? Just this once?”
He chuckled as he turned and walked out the door.

* * * *

Promptly at seven, Apolo appeared at my door. Dressed in jeans and a casual, short sleeve shirt he sauntered in carrying a bottle of Chianti. His scent and whatever else he was wearing about sent me spiraling toward orgasm as he passed in front of me. I shut the front door and followed him into the living room.
“Izzie’s running a little late, but she should be here shortly.” I said taking the wine from his strong, masculine hands. He held onto it for just a second longer.
“Long enough for us to go in your bedroom…”
“Don’t even go there, Apolo. You can play nice for a while. I’ve seen you do it,” I chided, leaning up and kissing him on the cheek.
“But, Caitlyn, I need you. Especially after this afternoon.”
“Down boy. Would you like a glass of wine instead?”
He sighed, kissing me lightly on the lips, but not before copping a feel of my ass. The man was incorrigible. “That would be nice since you’re putting me in detention for the evening.”
“Thank you. I’ll make it up to you. I promise.”
“I’ll remind you of that when we’re in our suite in Washington.”
Apolo followed like a love sick puppy dog when I headed into the kitchen, shaking my head. Passing him back the bottle and corkscrew, I pointed to three wine glasses already on the counter. While he was tending to that task, I put the garlic bread in the oven to bake.
He passed me a glass and followed me back into the living room. We were just about to sit down when Izzie came through the door. Apolo immediately stood upon seeing her. A gentleman, one of the things I loved about him. Well, in my top ten, perhaps. He had manners a woman would be proud of.
The two acknowledged each other.
“Can I get you a glass of wine, Izzie? Caitlyn and I just opened a bottle of Chianti.”
“I would love one.”
I passed her my fresh, untouched glass. “Here. No cooties. I haven’t even taken a drink.”
“I certainly hope not. I’d hate to catch whatever it is the two of you have,” she giggled, taking the glass and heading toward her bedroom. “I’ll just grab a quick shower.” She winked my way and disappeared into the darkened room.
Over dinner, I was reminded that Izzie was never one to hide her feelings or views. Not even Apolo Choice intimidated her. “So you’re taking my bestie up to Washington with you for…what? To conform to their beliefs?”
It drew a hearty laugh from Apolo, who quickly responded. “The last thing I do is conform to other’s beliefs. However, sometimes you have to make sacrifices in order to win over the old guard.”
“Always the politician, huh, Apolo? You ought to do quite well up there.”
“Izzie, it’s more about public relations.” I added, shaking my head as I picked up my wine glass and took a long swallow.
“I know the way the world works if you want to get ahead in it. Even in my job, it’s all about politics or positioning yourself. You never have said what position you’re eyeing, Apolo. Must be important if you haven’t even told Caitlyn.”
“I won’t tell anyone, including Caitlyn, until a few more things fall into place. Seeing as they have…I suppose now’s the appropriate time to let you both in on what it is.”
“And?” I eyed him and Izzie both.
“Do you remember the senate seat left vacant a month or so ago by the passing of its occupant? Well, the governor has asked me to fill the remaining two years of the term. After that, I either put my hat in the ring for reelection, or come home to business as usual.”
“Oh, wow,” I heard myself blurt out. “ That’s a prime seat if you’re into politics.”
“Why all the hush-hush, then, Apolo, if the governor has already decided on you?”
“I, along with some political advisors I’ve hired, wanted to make sure I would get the committee seats that the late senator had or ones equally important. Thus, our trip to Washington.”
“I guess this means you’re going to be moving, huh, Cait?”
“We haven’t decided, yet. We’ll know better after this trip.”
“I’ll make sure you’re taken care of, Izzie. If you’d feel more comfortable moving, just say the word. I told Caitlyn it was the least I can do, since you’ll be hounded, I’m sure, by the media once we go public with our relationship and now this senate seat.”
“Thank you, Apolo. I appreciate it. Just make sure you take very good care of Caitlyn here. Just a friendly warning, of course.”
“Of course, and you don’t have to think about Caitlyn’s happiness twice. I intend to see she’s quite spoiled.”
“Good, I’m glad we understand each other.” Izzie winked my way as she stood up. “If you two will excuse me, I need to get to bed. I’m covering an extra shift in the morning.”
“You work too hard Izzie.” I replied, hugging my friend before she slipped from the room.
Apolo, still standing, turned to me and enveloped me in his strong arms. We stood there silently for a few moments. Until I felt his hand begin to wander.
“Choice?”
“Hmmmm? What?”
“Time for you to go home. I’ve got a lot to do to be ready to leave tomorrow, and I won’t get it done if you stay much longer.”
“Caitlyn,” he pleaded. “Don’t be such a party pooper. If I promise to be good, can we sit and talk for a while? I really don’t want to go home to that huge house…alone.”
I blew out a breath. Boy, he was good. I had to give him credit. “Sure, why not? We can talk for a bit. But only if you promise to keep your hands to yourself. You know how I am when you even breathe on me.”
He chuckled. “Yes, I know. It drives you crazy, doesn’t it?”
I glared at him, hoping he got the idea I wasn’t fooling around here. “See, that’s exactly what I mean. You have a one-track mind sometimes, Apolo. Now, besides the obvious, what do you want to talk about?”
I waited for the answer and was surprised at the serious change in tone he took.
“Us. Our future. Like we did at the cabin. What are your thoughts on the subject? What’s important to you in a marriage?”
“Honesty, Apolo. That’s number one on my list. I don’t think two people can have a strong, successful marriage if they’re not one-hundred percent honest with each other. And it doesn’t start the day they get married, either. It has to start before, when they’re dating. Without honesty and trust, it won’t work.”
He sat there, quiet. As though he were digesting every word I’d just said. “Your parent’s weren’t honest with each other?”
“Not where my mother’s concerned. It was always about her. As long as papa’s professional life opened the right doors and opportunities for her, she was fine. But when he made the choice to return to Ireland for a better position, all of a sudden she couldn’t support him. I don’t think she ever had. What about you?”
“My parents are of the thinking that a couple keeps their private feelings to themselves. I don’t know if you’d call it honesty, but family integrity and value goes a long way in my house. You always support the family, no matter what. At least that’s what they’ve done in certain cases.”
He was talking about his brother, Anthony. There was something there. Something the family kept hush-hush. I didn’t know what it was, but I knew deep down inside that there was more to Anthony Choice than meets the eye. And it involved Apolo. It would explain his disdain for his brother.
“What about children? We’ve never touched on that subject.”
“Something I’ve never really given much thought to, though I should. Yes, of course I would want to have children at some point. You?”
“Yes, I’d love to have children. Especially with you. But I think we should give it a few years. A couple needs to be comfortable in their marriage first, because once you start having kids, all personal time is just about out the door for the next twenty years.”
“Oh, I will never give up our personal time, Caitlyn. Not for kids or anyone else.”
I giggled at the thought, so like him, his personality. “Somehow, I believe you.”
He glanced down at his watch then at me. “Well, I suppose I’ve kept you long enough. I’ll be the gentleman and say goodnight now.”



Chapter Six


Caitlyn

We were on our way to Washington before anyone knew we were missing. Once we arrived, we were whisked away to the Watergate, where Apolo had a suite reserved for us.
Thursday afternoon, I accompanied Apolo as he made the rounds to various senate offices, meeting with the appropriate members.
All of this fell right before the weekend of my mother’s party. Knowing her as I did, she was probably already making plans to be sure she was included in all the gala of her future son-in-law’s confirmation. Yes, my mother probably did have things figured out far better than I did in that department.
Later Thursday evening, as we returned to our suite to relax before our evening out, I found three dresses hanging in the bedroom on a portable rack. Confused, I turned and walked back out to the main salon. Apolo was on the phone with someone, business most likely. He motioned for me to sit as he finished up.
“How did those dresses get here?”
“I knew you wouldn’t have time to shop, so I took the liberty of having Renee make some calls on your behalf. I hope you don’t mind.”
“No, I was curious, that’s all. I suppose I’ll need to take a day and do just that. Shop.”
“Yes, you will, especially once the governor makes his announcement. Not that you don’t look nice anyway.”
“I understand, Apolo. Washington is an entirely different beast, and I need to look better than any other woman in town.”
“That’s my girl. I knew you’d understand.”
“So, how did the news go over at Choice Enterprises?” I asked, as I moved from the armchair I had been sitting in to sliding my derriere into his lap. I kissed him gently on the lips and studied his handsome, tanned face.
“Quite well, from what Renee told me. I told her we would be back in Atlanta Friday afternoon and would try to swing by the office, if time permitted.”
“You do need to address the masses, or at least your executive staff. This will change things a lot.”
“It will indeed. I’ll put the company in a trust most likely. Like most politicians do. That way it can’t be said I’m prejudice, if anything were to arise.”
“I’m sure you have the people in place, ready and waiting?”
“Yes, I do. I hope you’re ready to move here, Caitlyn.”
“If that’s what we decide, yes. We don’t have to make that decision tonight.”
“I know. I just hate the thought of you being in Atlanta working and me in Washington. I want you here with me.”
“We’ll work it out, Apolo. Do you know where you’re going to stay, er, where we’re going to stay?”
“My idea was that we could stay here and take our time looking for something more permanent.”
“I like that idea. Why don’t we wait and see what next week brings?”
“Agreed. Now then, Caitlyn,” he said shifting in his chair. “You really need to get your fine ass out of my lap.”
Instead of moving, I covered his mouth with mine and began to explore its depths. I could taste the beer he had just been drinking and smell the musky scent of man. It was intoxicating. His hands explored, one hand fondling a breast while the other wrapped around my waist.
I broke the kiss ever so slightly, our lips barely touching. “I want more. Now. I want to taste you.”
“Caitlyn,” he groaned. His mouth overtook mine again in an all-consuming, passionate kiss.
Finally, he released me, and I rose to my feet. He followed my lead and began to unbutton his shirt. I grabbed his bulging erection through the fabric of his slacks in one hand before I began unfastening them. I could feel him gazing down at me as I pulled both his pants then his underwear over his manhood and onto the floor.
“Sit,” I commanded, as I quickly removed the dress I had been wearing. Standing only in my bra and panties, I kneeled down in front of him, taking the weeping member gently in my hands.
Again, I heard him groan as I explored every vein and every inch. Gently, I took his balls in one hand and squeezed while I ran a finger of my other hand across the tip. As I did, more pre-cum escaped. Then, I lowered my lips down over his huge, throbbing cock and began to taste and lick.
Finally, he pulled me off, stood up, and removed his shirt. I stared up, not knowing if I’d done something to displease him. The look in his eyes told me he was anything but mad. He ripped my thong off and barely was able to unhook my bra.
“On the floor. Now. On your back.”
I did as he demanded, knowing what was about to happen. Spreading my legs, I felt his tongue tasting every inch of skin, from my clit—that was now on fire—to the folds leading to my pussy. Then, all of a sudden he reversed us and I was on top. I felt his gentle nipping as I continued to suck and tease his cock.
I knew he was coming close to release as he grabbed my ass just as his salty, thick liquid hit the back of my mouth. I sucked until I was satisfied he had no more to offer, and then I realized I was rocking my clit over his tongue. The man did things to me no man had ever done before.
I heard a low, throaty laugh escape him. “Do you want more, angel?”
“God, yes, Apolo.”
He guided me onto his lap, impaling me on his still hard erection. I felt him get harder the more we moved together. His hands guided my hips. “I want you to come now, angel. Feel me and come.” As the release began to pulsate through my body, I barely remember him pushing me down onto his cock as he came again inside me.
We sat in silence until our breathing returned to normal. I rested my head on his shoulder as he sat stroking my hair. The two of us still connected by something that had been meant as a mutual attraction was drawing our emotions deeper into another plateau. I suddenly realized I was falling in love with this man, and I was falling hard. I sensed he felt the same way, but now was neither the time nor the place to discuss it.
Slowly, with his help, I lifted myself. “Come,” I whispered in his ear. “We need to shower and get ready for dinner.”
He pulled me back down on top of him and covered his mouth over mine in a soft, erotic kiss. “What are you doing to me, Caitlyn?”
“Trying to get us out of this position so we can take a shower and get ready,” I teased. “If one of us doesn’t, we’ll be fucking each other’s brains out in the next minute.” Now wasn’t the time for the conversation I felt coming.
“Hmmm, I’d so much like to do that. But you’re right. We need to get ready.”
Our quick trip to Washington was filled with non-stop meetings, luncheons, and dinners. Apolo, pleased with the results, phoned the governor the morning of our departure, Friday, accepting the position. Citizen Apolo Choice would soon become Senator Choice. The world was going to see the man in a new light, no secrets, no mystery. Well, perhaps some mystery. There was a lot for the two of us to discuss before the next session began.
Oh, and Apolo had gotten his wish, one that I suggested. That he get a position on a committee overseeing Americans with disabilities. Yes, Apolo had made it known to the world in a press release that he was, and had been, disabled for quite some time.

* * * *

To say my mother didn’t have her antenna out searching Apolo and me for any clues as to our relationship would be an understatement. Izzie and I arrived together just as we planned. Apolo came as scheduled ten minutes behind us. He wouldn’t let my mother down, though he knew he would be in for a game of twenty questions.
“Izzie, Caitlyn,” she greeted us as she craned her neck around, obviously looking for Apolo. “Where is he? You said he was coming.”
“Yes, he is Mother. He has a lot to do, but he will be here.”
“Well, what I want to know, young lady, is when the two of you plan on getting married. He can’t just whisk you off to Washington with him and the two of you live together. That is not accepted up there.”
“Give it a rest, Mother. That is none of anyone’s business.”
“I’ll not have my daughter the fodder of gossip, and that’s exactly what you’ll be. Just mark my words.”
“Mother, this is Apolo Choice we’re talking about. Not Bennie Carr from middle school. He can and does what he wants, when he wants.”
“And what is this disability of his? Why has he kept whatever it is a secret all these years?”
“Exactly for this reason. People like you who need something to talk about. Trust me, it’s nothing. He’ll announce the exact nature of it when he’s ready.”
“Come on, Caitlyn, why don’t we get a glass of wine and mingle before Apolo shows up,” Izzie offered, trying to sooth an already tense situation. Mother meant well, it’s just that she has an odd way of showing it at times. I knew it would send her to the moon and back if Apolo and I were ever to marry, but that remained a big if, and none of her concern.
When Apolo showed up a pre-determined time later, Mother, of course, leaned on his arm, leading him through her guests like an old pro. She knew when a good thing had landed in her front yard and knowing her as well as I did she would be a staunch advocate for Apolo’s and my relationship. After all, what mother wouldn’t want Apolo Choice for a son-in-law?
What the hell am I thinking? Marriage to Apolo?
I nodded at him as he and my mother approached a group of anxious guests. The gesture didn’t go unnoticed by her, either. She pulled Apolo my way for a quick second, locking her other arm in mine, dragging us both to her admiring visitors.
An hour later, Apolo nodded, our signal that our time here was up. I found Izzie and said good-bye. The plan had been all along that we would arrive together, and I would leave with Apolo. It might not have been the smartest idea, but everyone knew from the reports that I was accompanying him to Washington as much more than his number two in charge of Choice Enterprises.
We discussed the possibility of my running the company with him in Washington, but decided it would be a conflict of interest. This way, everything was on the table and everything was being done Apolo’s way.
Mother was not pleased, even after I assured her we’d see her soon. Putting down my half-empty glass of wine, I walked with Apolo as he led me out the door to Jacob and his waiting Bentley.
We slid in and made ourselves comfortable for the ride to his Buckhead mansion.
“I’ve called an early morning meeting tomorrow.”
“On a Sunday?” I blurted out, raising my hand to cover my mouth.
“I want to lay everything out for everyone. That way there’ll be no surprises when the Governor makes his announcement Monday. I don’t want anyone saying they assumed this or that.”
“Good idea. What do you need me to do?”
“Right now? Just be there when I have the meeting.”
“You know this is going to come up,” I said reaching my hand across and patting his knee. “Someone’s bound to want you to address it, want to know why you’ve never disclosed this.”
“First off, it’s not one’s damn business why I’ve never discussed my injury. It does not affect my running of Choice Enterprises. But yes, you’re right, someone is going to ask, and I intend to speak about it.”
“Only tell them what you’re comfortable disclosing. It’s a private matter, and you’re right, it doesn’t affect running your business.”
“I’m going to tell you about it this evening. I want you to know what happened, how it happened. You more than anyone else deserve to know the truth, especially now…” I cocked my head and noted him winking in my direction. A seductive jester.
“Especially now, what? What, Apolo? Oh, you mean now that we’re moving to Washington and outing ourselves as this new power couple?” I teased.
“Yes, something like that. I will say you keep me on my toes, Caitlyn. Just another thing I admire about you.”
“Oh God, don’t go getting all mushy on me now, Choice. Save it for the bedroom.”
A low throaty laugh, emerged from his side of the car—the one I loved. It meant he was truly amused. I turned and gazed out the window, noting we were about to pull up the long driveway to his mansion. My life was certainly about to change.
Settling into one of my favorite rooms in this monster of a house, I slipped off my shoes, leaving them, along with my purse, next to a chair. The room was warm and inviting, reminding me of pictures I’d seen in palaces. Only this was on a much smaller scale. And while the furnishings were luxurious, they weren’t over the top, fitting the room with an elegant flare.
Apolo, in the meantime, removed his jacket and tie and headed over to the bar, which was cleverly disguised in a Bombay chest. He stood there pouring brandy into two elegant snifters, a smug look on his face. I suppose I should actually call it smirk. As though he was thinking of something naughty. Because I doubt if he were thinking of what he had indicated he wanted to speak with me about he’d have such a look on that perfect, god-like face.
Not knowing whether to sit or not, I slowly walked in his direction, meeting him halfway in the center of the room. Passing me the brandy snifter, he leaned over and dusted a kiss on my lips.
“Come, let’s sit over on this sofa and get comfortable.”
I nodded, heading toward the beige damask overstuffed couch. As soon as I sat down, I understood why he’d chosen it. My body melted into the cushions elegantly. This had to be one of the most exquisite pieces of furniture I’d ever placed my derriere in.
Apolo appeared uncomfortable, sniffing the essence of his brandy before taking a long swallow. I thought perhaps if I lightened the mood, it might make things easier for him.
“Come now, Choice, out with it quick. I’m sure I’ll fall asleep sitting here from the decadence of this fine sofa if you don’t hurry.”
“You look good sitting there, Caitlyn. I look forward to many a night of the two of us sitting here chatting.”
Okay, what’s going on? Is this a proposal or a warm up? I thought we were here to discuss how he’d lost his leg, not how fine my ass looked in this fine piece of furniture, although I had to admit, it probably did look good.
“Take your time, Apolo. I get the sense this isn’t an easy topic to discuss.”
“That’s putting it mildly, because I’ve never really discussed it with anyone outside the family.”
“Just who knows outside your family?”
“Only Jacob. Now you. That, of course, isn’t counting a couple of freaked out young women from my past.”
“Not even Renee?”
“No. I’ve seen no need.” He took another swallow of his brandy as I shifted to face him from a better perspective. “It happened right as I graduated college. My parents owned a place outside of Savannah on one of the islands. Had for years. We’d go down there in the spring and fall before it got too hot.”
“I know the area. It’s beautiful, although stifling in the summer.”
“Yes, it is stifling. Anyway, there was an old cabin in a wooded area that Anthony and I used as our secret hideout. We would spend hours there, even sneak out of the main house in the middle of the night and do things, things that boys do.”
I kept my eyes focused on him as I took a sip of my drink. “Go on.”
“We had returned for a visit after my college graduation ceremony. I was to go on to Europe the following week, a graduation present from my parents. I woke up one night. Anthony was nowhere to be found and figuring he was out at the cabin making mischief, I decided to join him. Sort of one last time for old times’ sake. Boys being boys and all.”
“And was he at the cabin when you got there?”
“I don’t remember much of the incident, Caitlyn. What I do recall is sneaking through the woods. The moon was out, making it easier to see my way. Tony had always been quite territorial about the cabin. Why, I have no idea. I suppose he thought since I’d been away, it should be his and his alone. Anyway, the last thing I remember is him shouting something at me. The next thing I remember after that is being in the hospital.”
“That’s it? What the hell happened there, Apolo?”
“My brother has always had a fascination with weapons. It seems he had done his research and protected what he thought was his with homemade land mines. He hadn’t had the chance to let me in on his secret.”
“Fuck,” was all I could say. I shook my head in disbelief at what I was hearing.
“Exactly. I managed to step close enough to one that it set off the charge. Blew my leg off, and damn near blew off my—”
Here he was telling me this, vulnerable and shaken, as he recalled something that, even to this day, was a nightmare to him. Something he had never shared. “Oh, my God, Apolo. He must have been terrified.”
“Terrified? The fucking bastard damn near killed me. Lucky for me, my father was awake and heard the blast. Saw it actually. He was outside on the porch when it went off. Having served in the war, he instinctively knew what it was and came running. Anthony immediately took off, scared. If my father had not found me and done what he did, I wouldn’t be here today. No, my brother chose to be a coward.”
Stepping around Anthony’s involvement, I asked him for more details. “So, your father saved your life. How long were you in the hospital?”
“Months. I already knew what course my life would take. This tragic turn of events simply propelled it quicker. Thus, the Apolo Choice, billionaire, you see before you.”
“You forgot soon to be senator.”
“That, too. So, now you know the sordid little secret of how I lost my leg.”
“Anthony was never charged?”
“No, my father had it swept under the rug and sent Anthony to a military school. He was supposed to have gone on to West Point, but he managed to make sure his grades and behavior would keep him from getting the appointment. No one knew it ever happened. And what few people did thought I’d stepped on a civil war era land mine, of which there were many still around.”
I reached across and took his hand, squeezing it. “Thank you for sharing that. I can tell it was difficult.”
“I had to tell you, Caitlyn. I felt not doing so was being dishonest. I knew you had to be wondering things…”
“Does your brother know you’re planning to reveal the nature of your injury?”
“No, but he knows I’d never implicate him.”
“But don’t let him run you over, thinking he has the upper hand.”
“I don’t know where he’d get off thinking he has the upper hand. He would be the one answering questions. I don’t intend to dredge up the past.”
“I think it will be an asset to you in the long run, coming out about your experience. People are going to look up to you and respect you. They’ll know how painful it is for you to relive this, and you can dismiss any inquiries simply as you not wanting to bring it up.”
“Exactly. That’s what I intend to say. That it was a horrible accident, it’s in the past, and I only want to be an inspiration to other disabled persons out there.”
“Not changing the subject, but when are we leaving for Washington again?”
“After the governor makes his announcement. Monday afternoon or Tuesday morning at the latest. There are a lot of things to get started. I’m going to need your help with some of this, Caitlyn.”
“And I told you I would. Relax, Apolo. It’s all working out. Just get through the meeting tomorrow, the governor’s announcement, and it’ll be downhill after that. The hardest will be done.”
At some point, after hours of discussion, we finally made our way to bed, exhausted. Apolo had just revealed to me a very personal and still painful tragedy. The man was indeed human and vulnerable like any of the rest of us. He had a façade, and I certainly had no intention of dismantling what he had fought so hard to obtain and maintain. But would others leave the past in the past?

* * * *

Waking the next morning to an empty bed, I wandered through the upper halls of his mansion, admiring the elegance surrounding me. I eventually found him in the library downstairs, dressed and ready to go.
“Good morning, angel,” he greeted me as he rose from his massive, mahogany desk. Kissing me on the lips, he flicked a grin meant only for me. “We leave in less than an hour. Time to get ready.”
“Less than an hour? Apolo! You should have gotten me up ages ago.”
“I didn’t have the heart to wake you. You looked so peaceful laying there sleeping. But on with you. Go get ready.”
“Can I at least have a cup of coffee or tea?”
“I will bring one to you. Renee will have breakfast at the office. Now go. Hurry up.”
Shaking my head, I leaned up and kissed him on the cheek. I turned to leave, mumbling something about how men didn’t understand the art involved for a woman to make herself presentable. It was going to be a long, interesting day.
Jacob had us to the office in plenty of time, as we were the first to arrive. Renee greeted us as she came out of the conference room where she had been overseeing any last minute details. Coffee and breakfast being one of them. Apolo stopped her.
“I would like you to sit in on this meeting as well, Renee. Everything I will be announcing and discussing today concerns you just as much as anyone else.”
Sensing she was hedging, uncomfortable with something new and outside of her perfect, organized little world, I nodded toward her. “He’s right, Renee. You need to hear this from Mr. Choice and not anyone else. Besides, I hate always being the sole woman in the room.”
“Of course,” she relented. “It would be a privilege to sit in on your meeting.”
I wasn’t sure if she was mocking me or what. The words she chose were not what I would have expected. Still, she seemed to be happy in her career choice as an executive administrative assistant. Who was I to judge?
Fixing a cup of coffee for myself and Apolo, I turned to give him one. He was deep in thought, staring out the windows at the Atlanta skyline. I placed it at his designated spot at the conference table. Sitting down in my chair, I observed him as he continued to look out the window.
Slowly, the men began to appear one by one. He turned around and joined us. He shuffled through a sheaf of papers before he started. The room was quiet. Every man there knew why he’d called this meeting. Well, part of the reason.
Point by point, Apolo made his presentation. He informed his executive personnel about the governor’s upcoming appointment. How things would change. Finally finished with that section of the meeting, he took questions. They were the usual. Had the board of directors been informed and did they approve of his choice to head the company while he was in Washington? Then, he introduced Henry Scott, and I knew what his final strategy of this meeting today would be. Leave and let Henry get started.
The mood in the room was positive, and it appeared everyone was excited and happy that Apolo had accepted the position. Don, who had been quietly sitting, taking in the news, seemed to delight in the fact that someone else at the table had the same thing on their mind as him. Me. “What was my position so soon after he had promoted me?” someone asked.
As always, Apolo’s reply was smooth as silk.
“While Caitlyn will not be resigning her position, her duties will be more redirected to other matters more appropriate to this change. I’m sure you’ve all heard the rumors, so I’ll simply make it official. Caitlyn and I are a couple, have been for quite a while. She is accompanying me to Washington, where she will not only be by my side, she will be heading up some projects as well, as assisting me on some other ideas. She will be back and forth until we get settled in.”
“Isn’t that a conflict of interest?” Don asked smugly.
“Not at all, Don. What she will be assisting me with or heading up has nothing to do with Choice Enterprises. Not directly. Which brings me to the next part of our meeting.”
He leaned back in his chair, tapping his two forefingers together. He then pushed his chair back and stood. One hand absentmindedly scrubbed his beard as he began, but not before we exchanged one last look. “I’m sure you all read my press release, so you know where I’m going with this. Some of what I wish to accomplish has to do with disabled people, of which I am one.”
“Shouldn’t you have disclosed that to us, Mr. Choice, before now when you’re becoming a senator?” someone asked.
“No, because it’s been no one’s damned business. It does not affect the running of my company. I’m no different than any of you, other than the fact that I have a disability. If I hadn’t decided to come forward with the information, you’d still think no differently of me.”
“What is your disability?” Don asked.
“I lost one of my legs in a tragic accident some years ago. What happened, or how it happened, is in the past where it can stay. I don’t believe in dredging up the past. Nothing can be done to change it. What happened happened, and I’ve made the best of it. Now, with Caitlyn’s help, I intend to help others.”
“You are to be commended, Mr. Choice,” Renee added.

* * * *

If Apolo felt uncomfortable as we exited, leaving Henry Scott in charge of the remainder of the meeting, he never showed it. After shaking hands and accepting well wishes from his top staff, he guided me from the room, his hand on the small of the back. I’d gotten a lot of congratulatory well wishes myself, but always in conjunction with Apolo.
Catching a glimpse of Renee, I thought I saw her discreetly give me a thumbs up. Our pairing met her rigorous approval. She had for years been the keeper to Apolo Choice’s inner sanctum. Now, she was releasing his well-being to me. We understood each other.
Leading me out and away from the bank of elevators, Apolo stayed silent as we made our way through the empty lobby and out the front door one of the security guards was stationed at. Just down the steps the Bentley sat parked, Jacob standing at the vehicle’s side. He opened the door quickly, and we slid in. Any paparazzi roaming around hoping for a peep wouldn’t know what hit them.
“Where to, Mr. Choice? The house?”
“Yes, that’s fine, Jacob.” He turned to me with a look that could only be described as one of having a huge burden lifted off his shoulders. Handsome, wide shoulders, I might add.
His graphite gray eyes, however, told another story. Having made public a portion of his past he had managed to keep hidden all these years, his eyes were still intense, smoldering. Eyes that led right down into Apolo Choice’s soul. He would always guard himself, his past, and those closest around him.
“Feel better now?” I inquired, patting his thigh. His larger hand reached down and took mine, lifting it to his lips and kissing the back. The sensation of his mouth and his hot breath on my skin had me shifting my hips on the black, leather seat.
A deep chuckle escaped his throat as he lowered my hand. Slowly, he began to massage the back of it with his thumb. He knew exactly what his gesture was doing to me, and he was delighting in it. “Quite. I thought perhaps you might want to go out and grab something, or we could stay in. I’ll leave it up to you.”
“How about we eat at the house? It’ll be one of the last times we’ll be able to do so. At least for this next week. I’m sure I can find more than enough in that monster you call a kitchen for brunch.”
“The house it is, then. I’m sure we can find more than enough to tempt us.” That deep laugh again. The man was relentless. Not that I minded. In fact, I loved sex with him. He was like an addiction. I couldn’t get enough.
The chirp of his iPhone meant it was back to business as usual. Even on Sunday. But then, this wasn’t any Sunday. It was our last before a new chapter in both our lives began.
Shaking his head, Apolo seemed momentarily to pause, as though he was deciding whether or not to take the call. “Anthony,” he mouthed.
I knew this talk among the two brothers would be interesting. Anthony, I imagined, was probably eager to find out if Apolo had made his part in the accident public knowledge, or if he was safe from the scathing remarks that were bound to come. Should Apolo ever change his mind. Anthony’s secret was safe, at least for the moment.
“I’m going to text him and tell him I’ll call him once I get home.”
“You spoke with him, I don’t understand…”
“It simply Anthony looking after Anthony, that’s all.”
“I don’t suppose you can put him off until tomorrow?”
“No, not Anthony. If I don’t call him back, he’ll simply show up on my doorstep, and wait until he gets the answers he’s after.”
“Nice guy.”
The Bentley made a turn off the main road and onto the long drive. As the car neared the mansion, I heard Apolo cuss under his breath. He sat up abruptly, patting my hand before giving it back to me.
“And it seems baby brother was here waiting after all.”
“He’s persistent. I’ll give him that much,” I replied as I gathered my purse and placed it on my lap.
“Damn nuisance, that’s what he is. Come, Caitlyn, the quicker I deal with him, the quicker we’ll have our day to ourselves.”
Not waiting for Jacob to come around and open the door, Apolo was quickly out of the car, his hand extended to assist me out of the back. Taking hold of my hand, he led us at a brisk pace to the house. It was all I could do to keep up with his long strides in the heels I wore.
Anthony stood there right by the door. Just like a vulture. “About time you got here. I was beginning to think you’d gone out somewhere to eat or some nonsense,” he said, eyeing me as though I was an interloper as I passed in front of him.
“If you checked your phone, you’d notice I sent you a text stating I was en route. Now, what the hell is so urgent, Anthony? I thought we’d been over all of this and everything was settled.”
Making our way into one of the drawing rooms he liked to frequent, Apolo stood protectively next to the chair I picked. He was most definitely not happy with this unscheduled visit from his brother. Not only was it not in the order of his neat, meticulously scheduled day, but he clearly thought he’d dealt with the issue.
His grey eyes were darkened and a muscle on his right cheek was twitching. It wouldn’t take much to send him off, and I had the feeling Anthony was about to.
“I want to know what you said, Apolo. What you told your executive staff.”
“You do know I don’t have to tell you squat about what I discuss with MY executive staff, don’t you?”
“You owe me.”
“You have that all wrong, Anthony. I owe you nothing. Not a damn thing. I would have thought you would have gotten that through your thick head after all these years. It’s actually you who owes me.”
“What did you tell them?”
“I told them the truth—that my brother knowingly meant to do harm to anyone, including me, who ventured near his fortress. I told them you were responsible for the loss of my leg.”
“Don’t play coy with me, Apolo, I know you’d never tell them the truth.”
“What I told them was exactly what I’m telling anyone who asks. That it was a horrible accident that happened in the past. Nothing more, nothing less. Push me, however, and I may be tempted to rethink my position and tell the world the entire sordid mess.”
“You wouldn’t dare.”
“Wouldn’t I? The only reason I don’t is to spare our parents. I could care less what it would do to mar your reputation or life. Now, I suggest that if you don’t want me to reconsider and put a call into my media people you get the hell out of my house and off my property. Now.”
Anthony, cocking his head in my direction, flicked me a devilish grin. “I don’t know how you put up with him, Caitlyn. Lord knows no woman has stayed with him because of his nasty disposition. Must be the sex…”
I started to answer, but one look at Apolo assured me I better not. I would simply be feeding into Anthony’s imagined power struggle. I remained in my chair as he escorted his younger brother to the door.
Shaking my head, I slipped out of my heels and made a beeline to the bar. Bending down, I spied a bottle of scotch and grabbed it, putting it on the top. As I began to unfold myself with the two crystal glasses I had in my hand, something told me to look toward the doorway. Standing there was Apolo. Leaning against the door jam, a huge, naughty grin on his face.
“Like the view?” I chuckled as I flicked a grin back in his direction.
He was, by now, walking in my direction in long strides. His brown hair now tosseled from him having run his hand through it. A piece had broken away and was laying on his forehead. By the lustful look in his gray eyes, I knew what was on his mind. I uncorked the bottle and made a futile attempt at pouring a glass by the time he reached my side.
His hand took the glass from mine and placed it on the chest. He then took me in his arms, his lips covering mine. It was one of those kisses, full of passion and need. How we had made it through one night without sex escaped me. But we had. He had been too keyed up and focused on this morning’s meeting.
Now, it was different. Now here stood the lustful, sensual, sexual, needing Apolo I knew. His hands were already exploring my body as though he needed to memorize every part of me. He shifted, and I felt his hardened cock against me. I knew what we both needed. Right then, no delays.
As his hands began to push my dress up to my thighs, I broke the kiss. “Apolo, hang on. Let’s go somewhere more private. Not here,” I whispered in his ear then kissed it, my hands roaming up and down his back, needing to feel his skin.
“Caitlyn, it’s Sunday, angel. I have no staff on Sunday, remember? Not even Jacob.” His hands continued pulling my dress up until he was satisfied with where it had ended up.
As our lips met again, I unzipped his slacks and urgently pulled them over his hips and throbbing erection. His underwear was next as I took his cock in one hand and began to stroke him. I heard him moan.
He backwalked me to a small, decorative chair, some of which lined the perimeter of the room. He repositioned us and sat on the fabric seat as his hands reached around, unzipping my dress in the back. He pulled me up on to his lap. I repositioned myself, legs wrapping around his waist. As he was doing that, I unbuttoned his shirt, exposing his muscular chest and a light smattering of hair, which was a huge turn on for me.
I gripped his hair, fisting it in my hands as his lips found their way to my neck then my shoulder. Fumbling with the front clasp of my bra, he reached down and cupped one of my breasts. I caught myself moaning as his fingers pinched the already hardened nipple.
Feeling his hands on my hips, I helped him to what we both needed. Without pause, he sunk deep inside me. Wanting him deeper, I tightened my grip around his waist, feeling him as he began to increase his pace. “Oh God, Apolo,” I moaned.
His hands were tightly in place on each of my butt cheeks as we rocked together. Before I knew what hit me, my body lunged into spasms of ecstasy as I came hard. His release followed right behind mine. “Baby,” he cried out as he thrust himself hard one last time, his hands pulling me tightly against him.
We sat there like that, wrapped around each other as our breath slowed. I felt him shift under me, still now allowing us to separate. The man was still hard, I could tell, as I squeezed my muscles around his cock, causing him to groan.
“Hmmm, that’s nice, angel. Do it again, and I’ll have you on the floor.” He chuckled in my ear, kissing the shell then sensually running his tongue along the outline. “However, I am very hungry, and I believe you promised me something to eat.”
Gently, I eased myself off his body and stood up. I pulled my dress up over my shoulders and down over my behind. Pinning him in the chair, my hands on his shoulders, I whispered to him with my forehead touching his, “Then I suggest you do not follow me upstairs. I’m going to change into something more comfortable before I start cooking. I won’t be held responsible for anything that takes place if you do. Capish?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied, pulling me down for one last kiss. “Hurry.”
Taking the stairs of the exotic wood staircase two at a time, I sprinted upstairs and down the hall towards the master bedroom. It was about the only room on this floor I knew. Imagine that. Opening the door, I hurried to the dresser and pulled out a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. One of Apolo’s domestic help had neatly arranged my things, unpacking my suitcase for me. No doubt at his direction and delight.
Returning to the small, sunlit room where I had left him, I found him lazily reclined in one of the more comfortable, overstuffed chairs, sipping a glass of scotch. I saw a glint of approval as I approached. “Much better for this afternoon’s activities,” he drawled. “I poured you a glass. It’s on the bar. Do you need me to get it for you?”
“No, you just stay there. You look like you need to rest and regain your strength. While you lay here all comfy, I’ll see what I can find us to eat. That is unless you think you have it in you to go upstairs and change.”
“Hmmm, why do that? You’ll just have my clothes torn off of me as soon as we finish eating.” He winked and lifted the glass to his lips, trying to hide a lustful smile.
Shaking my head, I left him and continued to the kitchen. I pondered all the selections in front of me. Whatever I wanted to fix, chances were I could find the ingredients in stock. Finding some steaks, I pulled them out of the refrigerator. Simple enough—steaks, some sort of salad, and potatoes.
The kitchen was so huge that it took me a few minutes to find everything I needed. With everything prepped and ready to go, I placed the fries in an oven to bake. Where we would eat was my next thought. I knew I didn’t want to use the dining room. It was massive for just the two of us. Recalling a small table in the room he was last in, I grabbed silverware and a few other things and went in search of it.
I found Apolo with his laptop, pouring over a spreadsheet or something. Was the man’s mind ever not in business mode? He gazed up over the top as I walked past.
“I thought we’d eat in here. Unless of course, you’d rather eat in the dining room.”
“Whatever you want to do is fine by me.”
“Okay, it shouldn’t be too much longer.” He was lost. His mind was on what was in front of him. I stood there another moment.
Then, he looked up. “I’m sorry, did you say something?”
“No. It shouldn’t be long. I’ll bring it to you when it’s ready.” I smiled, turned, and headed back to the kitchen.
When I brought our plates piled high with steak, fries, and salad, Apolo was still working. Seeing me, he shut the computer and sat down. We ate in relative quiet, with the exception of his occasional remark about how good things were. I was a little perturbed at how quickly he could go from sexual lover to business guru.
“Apolo, I know tomorrow is a huge day, but do you think you could put business aside for the evening? Let’s watch a movie together or something. Once this starts, times like today are going to be sparse.”
He shook his head, grinning. “I’m sorry, Caitlyn. Force of habit, I suppose. But you’re right.”
“Is there any movie in particular you’d like to see?”
“Why don’t you choose?” he replied, taking a mouthful of steak. “As long as it’s not some tear-jerking chick flick. By the way, I love what you did with the steaks. Very tasty.”
I ended up picking out The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Probably not the best of choices for Apolo. I lay with my head in his lap. Every now and then, I’d hear him grunt or make some other sort of rude noise, with a comment to match. But I made it through the movie, determined he was going to learn to be normal, even if it was only for a couple of hours.
When we finally made it to bed, I don’t think either of us really slept much. Too much excitement.
Like clockwork the following morning, Apolo was shown into the governor’s office for a last minute, private meeting. As I waited on them to finish their talk, I walked the perimeter of the ante-office, studying each of the portraits. Georgia landscapes, early paintings of Atlanta when it was still known as Marthasville.
Finally, I sat down on one of the finely appointed antique chairs. Opening my purse, I discreetly checked my cell phone for calls and texts. My mother, of course, had no fewer than four. Izzie had left a congratulatory one.
I knew Apolo had been in touch with his own parents. He had tracked them down and given them the news about becoming a U.S. senator. They insisted they were cutting short their vacation in the South Pacific to return for Apolo’s swearing in. It’s not often you have a son who’s a senator. I made a mental note that we needed to find out how many people would be allowed to attend the ceremony.
After waiting a half hour or so, the door to the governor’s inner office opened and one of his advisors stuck their head out and motioned me inside. I walked through the door and into all sorts of bright lights. Cameras and media from all over flooded the room. They must have come in through a separate entrance. I craned my neck for a glimpse of Apolo, who was standing next to the governor beside his desk. Seeing me, he said something to the older man and walked my way.
“I’m sorry you were kept waiting, angel. The governor went on a little longer than I thought he would.”
“That’s fine. He has quite a collection of old art and photographs to look at.”
“Well, I want to introduce you and then show you where to stand while he’s doing his official stuff. I told him I would like some photos taken with you in them, as well.”
“That isn’t necessary, Apolo.”
“Yes. Yes, it is. You’re a part of my life and this new phase.”
“Okay, okay. I guess I better get used to it, huh?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Even in the throng of people surrounding us, his scent permeated my very being. I’d know it anywhere, across a room or right next to me. He was in my blood like a bad drug, and I was addicted. Just standing next to him soothed me.
After a quick introduction to the governor and photos of the three of us, along with a throng of onlookers, I was whisked to one side as the photo shoot continued with just the two men. I stood just out of camera range, watching as the governor made his announcement to the television stations covering this. Of course, Apolo was pressed with questions, and he graciously responded, just like the savvy, media mogul he was.
In the privacy of the back of the Bentley a little more than an hour later, the two of us let out a huge sigh of relief. The news was now official and things were already changing.



Chapter Seven


Caitlyn

All of my clothes had been packed early that morning. As usual, Apolo’s magical elves saw that everything was moved over to his mansion. While excited for this new adventure in my life, I was also finding myself a bit apprehensive. It was all happening so fast. Just a short time ago, Apolo had promoted me to his right hand. Now, we’ve revealed ourselves as a couple, and we’re going to Washington.
I had gone upstairs to change when I noticed all my things waiting for me. As some political big shots had invited us to a small gathering and dinner this evening, Apolo saw no reason for me to be anywhere but with him.
“You never cease to amaze me, Choice.”
“How’s that?” he asked, walking in the dressing room behind me. He had pulled his tie loose, as well as his crisp, white shirt. He grabbed me around the waist and pulled me closer. “And I always intend to amaze you, Caitlyn.”
I could feel his breath in my ear, making my hair stand on end. “How all your magical little people just do what they are supposed to do. Like magic. I never see or hear you giving orders to your staff.”
“That, my dear, is part of the secret to a well-run ship. Everything is done without anyone knowing.”
“Well, you’ll have to teach me. Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like to change and relax before all the hub bub starts again.”
“Hmmmm. I take it that’s your way of discreetly telling me no sweating between the sheets this afternoon?”
“You catch on fast. I can’t imagine you don’t have a ton of other, more important things needing your attention.”
“Yes, I do. However, nothing is more important than you. Always remember that, especially now as we begin this new change.” He relaxed his grip on my waist and proceeded to kiss me on the cheek. Walking a few steps, he began to take off his clothes, choosing a pair of jeans and a t-shirt in their place.
“Do you know who’s going to be at this party this evening?”
“Yes, mostly local and state politicians. I have the list downstairs in my study. Why don’t you join me when you’re ready?” He turned to leave.
I scurried toward him, planting a kiss on his cheek. “I’ll see you in a few. And Apolo?”
“What?”
“Thanks for showing some self-control. I know you’ve got a hard on as big as the size of Georgia for me. Just thanks.”
Instead of saying a thing, he merely threw back his head and laughed. A low, lusty laugh. One that I’d come to know and love.
I joined him a while later. He was behind his enormous, wood desk. Mahogany if I had to guess. Seeing me enter the room, he began to get up.
“Sit. You don’t have to get to your feet every time I walk into a room. Although, I will admit I find it sexy, not to mention satisfying.” I grinned and sat myself in one of the two wingback chairs that sat in front of the desk.
“And why do you find it sexy and satisfying?”
“Oh, I don’t know…makes me feel as though I’m a queen or something. You know how some men are today…makes me wonder if their mother ever taught them manners.”
That laugh again. “You are a queen, Caitlyn. My queen. And don’t ever forget that. There’s a small refrigerator behind my desk in the cabinet. If you’d like something to drink…”
“A bottle of water would be nice. Need to hydrate myself, you know. For tonight and the plane ride tomorrow.”
“Yes, about tonight,” he replied, turning around. I heard what sounded like a door open and close. Then, he maneuvered back to face me, passing a bottle of water my way. “Here’s the list. It’s a little bigger crowd than I first thought, but I must play the game.” He lifted a piece of paper from the desktop and handed it to me.
I took the page and scanned it. No huge surprises. Apolo had been right, just local politicians. A few statewide ones, the governor, and his wife. “Save this,” I said, waving the list. “Now that you’re a public official, you need to learn to save each and every document. Memoirs and stuff, you know.”
He flicked me a grin. “Can I ask you something?”
“Of course, you can. What’s on your mind, besides the obvious?”
“I was thinking about staff for Washington. How would you feel about Renee coming along as my secretary? She’s been with me for years, and she knows my work habits quite well.”
“If Renee wants to make the move, that’s fine. I sort of thought you’d inherit the late senator’s staff.”
“Well, there are a couple of his key staffers that have indicated they’d like to stay on, at least through the transition. The rest have moved on to new positions.”
“Well, there you go. I know it will be a big adjustment, as it will be for all of us. But if anyone can do it, it’s Renee.”
“Thank you, Caitlyn. I would just feel better knowing I have one familiar face on my staff. And you don’t have to worry about Renee learning her way around Washington or the capital. Her father worked for Jimmy Carter.”
“Really? I didn’t know that.”
“It’s not something she likes to disclose, but yes. She spent a good part of her childhood here.”
“Even better. Perhaps she can steer me in the right direction as I get started.”
“Yes, I’m sure she’d love to help you as well. Have you decided what you want to do?”
“First, I want to feel my way around. You know, visit various government branches and businesses. Things key to what we’ve discussed.”
Apolo and I had spent hours since he had decided to accept the position…since he told me of his own disability…discussing what sort of charity-type things I could get involved in. That the Apolo Choice name could be linked to. Part of it would be to set up a foundation of some sort. One that would help out less fortunate people with disabilities.
Even though the Americans with Disabilities Act had been passed there was still a mound of daunting paperwork for people to get through. Or it simply wasn’t well known what sources were available to the disabled. Apolo wanted to change that, which is where I come in.
“You will be wonderful, Caitlyn. I’m sure Renee will be able to assist you in finding places.”
“Thanks. I’m a little nervous about it. I have so many ideas, Apolo. I’ve never had the free rein to just do something I feel passionate about.”
“Don’t be nervous. I won’t let anyone push you aside. They’re going to find out, and find out fast, just what a powerful couple we make.”
“Apolo, about all that. You do know it’s going to come up about us not being married.”
“What are you saying? You want to get married?” He flicked a grin across the desk at me. “Just say the word, and I’ll make it happen.”
“Oh no you don’t, Choice. I just want us to be on the same page when we do get asked about the matter.”
“If, and only if, the subject comes up, we will say nothing more than that we’re in a committed relationship.”
“But what if whoever’s asking pushes the point?”
“Then tell them that when the time is right, we plan to marry. Right now, we’re focused on getting me settled into my new job as a senator. That should suffice.”
I blew out a breath. I had to make sure we were both thinking along the same lines. Plus, I wanted him to ask me formally, if that’s where we were headed. “Good. That will work. Because you do know you have to ask me to marry you first? Oh, and you have to ask my father. In person.”
“Consider it done. Oh, and about your father? I’ve arranged for him to be in Washington for my swearing in. I thought you’d like to have him a part of it. Being that we’ve invited your mother. He assured me the two of them would be civil.”
I felt tears well up in my eyes and tried to push them back so he wouldn’t see them. “Thank you. That means a lot to me. It will to him, as well.”
“I aim to please, angel. Anything else on your mind?”
“No, not that I can think of. At least not now. Thank you for bringing my father over. What about your parents?”
“They will be arriving Thursday. They’re flying straight in. I thought we’d have a private dinner with them, if they’re up to it, Thursday evening in our suite. We could invite your parents if you wish, but your father and I discussed perhaps the three of us getting together on Wednesday evening.”
“Your schedule will allow all this private stuff?”
“Damn straight, it will. I don’t officially become a senator until Friday afternoon. I want you to meet my parents before the show begins. And I know you’d like some time with your father.”
“Thank you, Apolo. It means a lot, as it will to my father. Did you invite my mother to this dinner with Pop?”
“No, I thought you’d want some one-on-one time with him. Without your mother. I put your father up at the Watergate, same as us. That way the two of you can spend some time together without having to run across Washington. My parents will be there too.”
“Pray tell, where did you put my mother and your brother?”
He began to chuckle. “At the Hyatt. I figured if your parents want to meet, they can make their own arrangements. As for Anthony, he won’t like it, but as he’s not paying for it, he’ll say nothing.”

* * * *

That evening, we exited the Bentley and walked into the exclusive Buckhead restaurant chosen to host this soiree. Apolo had decided on a charcoal gray suit for the evening with a lighter gray shirt. A majestic purple tie set it all off. I wore a new, simple, black dress. It was one Apolo had sent to our suite on our recent visit to Washington. I wore a string of pearls my father had given me along with matching earrings. Simple, but elegant.
People thrust their way towards us, congratulating Apolo. He kept a hand either placed in the small of my back or on my arm, guiding me along. I was pleased to see that I was accepted alongside him. Out of the corner of my eye, I spied my mother. I was sure she had done her best ‘poor, pitiful me, I want to be part of my daughter’s new life’ routine on some unsuspecting gentleman. I raised my hand and smiled in acknowledgement. She did the same, beckoning me over.
I leaned up and whispered into Apolo’s ear as we were about to be inundated with admirers once more. “Do you mind if I go over and say hello to my mother? Since she went to all the trouble of conniving some poor soul on the list to bring her along.”
“Of course not, angel. I’ll be along in a moment. We should be about to go in for dinner any time. I’ll come rescue you.” He kissed me on the cheek, and I proceeded toward the small group gathered around my mother. No doubt she was telling anyone who listened that it was her daughter with Apolo Choice. Her future son-in-law.
“Caitlyn,” she gushed, bussing me on each cheek as I stood next to her. “I believe you know everyone here. Where’s Apolo?”
“Over where you saw us. He’ll be by shortly.”
“This is so exciting, Caitlyn. You must be walking on clouds.”
“I’m walking on something.” I admitted, amazed by her good behavior. I stood and chatted with her, her well-connected gentleman friend, and the couples directly around us.
Hearing the announcement to proceed to dinner, I looked to my mother. Her gaze was elsewhere. I turned in hopes that it was Apolo on his way over. Instead, I was rendered speechless by what I saw.
It was Apolo alright. Engaged in a very private conversation with a stunning, longhaired blonde. I cast my stare quickly to my mother, as though asking what I should do. Or if she knew what was going on.
Whoever this woman was, Apolo was not happy she was there. At least that’s what his body language said. As usual, he was cool to whoever this woman was. He must have felt my eyes on him because he looked away from this interloper and toward me. He quickly said his goodbyes to her and strode over.
“Caitlyn, Mrs. White, are you ladies ready to go into dinner?”
Mother looked none too pleased, but I blew it off. Obviously, the woman was someone important in politics. She was just a little too close to him for comfort while engaging him in conversation.
“Yes, I’m famished,” I replied.
Mother said nothing, taking her escort’s arm.
We proceeded inside to the dining room. Finally, I couldn’t stand it any longer. I had to ask. “Who was that woman you were talking to? She looks familiar.” Okay, she didn’t look familiar, but better than letting Apolo think I might be a tad jealous.
“Delpheine Bouvier. I don’t know how she managed to get herself invited.”
“She’s someone from your past, then?”
“Yes. Someone I haven’t seen in a great number of years,” he replied. As he pulled my chair out, he whispered, “Don’t worry yourself. She was the one who went screaming in horror when I revealed my injury.”
“Oh, I get it. Now that you’re becoming someone important in Washington, she wants back in your life.”
He pushed me to the table then sat down beside me. “She’s no one, angel. Trust me. It was over the moment she ran.”
I noted our topic of conversation was being sat down directly across from us. She was with someone. I flicked a grin her way then turned to Apolo. I kissed him on the cheek. “Choice, I trust you one-hundred percent. You should know that by now. Now, let’s eat our dinner so we can get out of here and do something about that massive hard on you’ve got going on under the table.”
He laughed at my comment, loud enough for anyone directly around us to hear. “You minx. You know me far too well. Yes, let’s eat up so we can go home. Somehow, we’ll have to get some sleep before we leave in the morning.”
“We can sleep on the plane,” I taunted, winking at him. Whoever this woman was, I had just made it plain where I stood with Apolo. Glancing down the table, I saw my mother looking our way. I smiled at her and nodded, letting her know all was well.
Finally arriving back at the house, we both feigned exhaustion. We would be leaving early enough in the morning to have us in Washington before noon. Then, a whole new life would begin.
Rather than the furious sex I had expected, I found Apolo quite subdued and loving. For a second my mind wandered to that woman, Delpheine. But his sensual touch drove me back to him in an instant. We made love that night, like two people deeply in love.
Apolo was still inside me, connected to me. Bracing himself up on his elbows and forearms, he peered down at me, gently kissing my face. “That was nice, angel, making love like that. I know I haven’t been very vocal about my feelings for you. That’s just me. I’m not an overly gushy guy.”
“Hmmm,” I replied. “I’d have to disagree with you. But I’m not going to spoil your moment here. Do go on.” I squeezed myself around his cock, letting him know I wanted him again.
He withdrew slowly and then just as slowly, he pushed back in. “Caitlyn, you do know I’ve fallen in love with you, don’t you?”
“Yes, I know. Otherwise, I didn’t figure you’d ask me to live with you and all that stuff in Washington. Or go public with our relationship.”
“You know me well. I do love you, Caitlyn. Very much.”
“I love you, too, Apolo. I knew I was falling for you long ago. Now, if you don’t mind, shut up and make love to me.”
“My pleasure, angel.”

* * * *

We hadn’t even settled into our suite at the Watergate, and Apolo was business as usual, making phone calls and taking them. He made sure we had plenty of time to relax before Friday, the day he’d become a senator.
Renee had graciously accepted his offer and would be here in a day or so, deciding to make the drive up from Atlanta rather than fly. As she had a brother still residing in the area, she declined Apolo’s offer to put her up at a hotel until she could find a place of her own. I knew her coming with us would make his transition much easier. Even though he loved this new adventure, it was easy to see he was a man who liked an orderly, planned schedule, and Renee brought that to his business side.
I was in the bathroom connected to our bedroom when he came in behind me. I was attempting to settle in, unpacking some of my personal effects. This suite was going to be our home for at least the next month or two, if not longer. I wanted to make it feel like I lived there and was not just visiting.
“Getting settled in, angel?”
Turning to face him, I smiled at the image before me. Damn, how could I have gotten so incredibly lucky in love? “Yes, I want to settle in before the chaos starts.”
He cocked his head, smiling. “Probably a very good idea. I’m yours for the rest of the day if you’d like to venture out and get something to eat.”
“Yes, that would be nice. Heaven knows how often we’ll be able to take advantage of the simple things. At least while Congress is in session…”
Wednesday came, and I could barely contain myself. My father was arriving from Ireland. We hadn’t seen each other since the summer before when I had spent three weeks with him. He had taken an overnight flight from Dublin, and Apolo sent Jacob to pick him up from the airport, as I had a meeting of my own that I couldn’t shrug off. I was, after all, Apolo’s other half and was to spend time with some other wives, learning things I would need to know.
The previous two days had been a whirlwind full of shopping and sightseeing. Just the two of us. Now, things were beginning to crank up, becoming real.
Even my mother managed to keep herself scarce, as far as phone calls. We touched base Wednesday afternoon, when I brought her up to date on what we had been doing and what was in store. I let her know that my father was coming into town all the way from Ireland. She acted as though she already knew, which didn’t surprise me.
When she tried to bring up the blonde woman from the dinner in Atlanta, I blew her off. I told her as little as possible, that the lady was merely someone Apolo had worked with on earlier projects and who was vying for any work the new senator might throw her way. Okay, it was a lie, but it kept my mother at bay. Like feeding a dog a bone.
Late in the afternoon Wednesday, there was a knock. Apolo had invited my father to our suite for drinks before dinner. It would be a good, private way for the three of us to get to know each other. I was, instead, mortified to find my mother standing next to my father when I opened the door.
After the three of us greeted each other, I turned to Apolo to introduce him to my father, rolling my eyes as I did. He greeted my parents as though they didn’t live thousands of miles apart, never missing a step. Then, he escorted us all into the living area. My mother looked around all the while, in approval of our surroundings.
“Your mother and I talked right before I left Dublin. We decided it would be better if we at least made it appear as though we were together. At least through your swearing in, Apolo.”
I bit my tongue. I so wanted to say something bitchy to my mother. She wanted her life to be as it suited her. If my father made it better, she wanted him there. If not, she did her own thing. It infuriated me how she used him. “You do know, Mother, that people are aware of the fact that Daddy lives in Dublin and you live in Georgia. How do you intend to explain that one?”
Apolo handed everyone a drink and sat down beside me. He’d been relatively quiet since my parents’ arrival, and I wondered why.
“We thought that since Apolo’s parents will be here, that the two of us should at least attempt to make a united front. For the two of you. It is a big day and all.”
“Thank you. I appreciate your thoughtfulness,” Apolo said before taking a long drink off his whiskey.
“When do your parents arrive?” my father asked, clearly in an attempt to undo any uneasy feelings.
“They’re getting in this evening.”
“Well, perhaps we should all try and get together one evening since we all may not have the opportunity to do so for a while,” Mother chimed in. She took a sip off the glass of chardonnay Apolo had poured for her, trying to look innocent.
“Don’t mind your mother. The fact of the matter is, there isn’t a lot of time this week. Your brother is coming in, and we thought we’d spend some time with him. You’re more than welcome to come along. I merely figured Apolo would have enough on his plate without both families.”
“Who invited him?” I glanced around the room from person to person. Apolo knew I didn’t have a close relationship with my sibling, and I certainly would have told him up front if I’d wanted him invited to the festivities. It was my damn mother! I knew from the look on my father’s face that she had taken the liberty of inviting him.
“It’s okay, Mr. White. One more person isn’t going to hurt. I’ll make sure to get his name out in the morning for clearance into the swearing in,” Apolo jumped in to smooth things over.
“Thank you, Apolo. We didn’t mean to cause any extra work, and please, call me Frank.”
“No, it’s no work at all. It’s good to see both our families here in strength for my swearing in.”

* * * *

The night of his swearing was a small gathering, at least by Washington standards, at one of the local hotels. It was a cocktail party, with dinner afterwards for a select few.
Secretly, I was grateful that neither of our parents had accepted the invitation to the soiree. I’d had about enough of my mother and her scheming ways. My father, as usual, didn’t want to intrude and had old friends he wanted to catch up with. Apolo’s parent’s made their excuses stating they were still exhausted from their long flight.
I was standing with a small group of senator’s wives. They were giving me tips about life in Washington, where to shop, the best neighborhoods. Though I was listening attentively, suddenly something in my head told me to glance over to Apolo.
There she was…again. Engaged in conversation with him. He appeared to be polite and engaged, but the muscle ticking in his cheek gave it all away to me. That one subtle feature meant he was unhappy. Of course, my glance did not go unnoticed.
“It appears as though you have competition,” one of the senator’s wives joked. “Whoever she is she’s stunning.”
“Yes, she is,” I replied. “But she’s certainly not competition. She’s merely an old friend.”
“Well, you certainly wouldn’t know by the way she’s acting,” another chided.
She was right. Delpheine was in what Apolo considered his personal space. He allowed no one remotely close to him unless he initiated the move. She had committed one of the big Apolo Choice no-no’s, not that she seemed to care.
“Oh, that’s just Delpheine. She’s French, and they’re much more personally engaged with people they talk with.”
Then we locked eyes, Apolo and I. Knowing him as well as I do, I knew this woman was exasperating him. But ever the cool businessman and now politician, he was tolerating her openly flirtatious ways. The moment she placed a hand on his arm in an attempt to lure him in, I saw him quietly remove her offending, well-manicured hand.
He backed away, putting more space between them. I didn’t know what he was saying to her right then, but from the expression on her face, I’d say it was not what she wanted to hear.
Excusing myself, I found my way to the ladies’ room. I needed to regain my composure. Whoever this woman was, I intended to find out more. If she thought she could simply reappear in Apolo’s life after leaving him in his hour of need, she was sadly mistaken.
Making my way to the line of sinks, I wasn’t too surprised to find Delpheine standing there, a smirk on her face as she pretended to reapply her siren red lipstick.
“You do know that he can’t have children because of his accident?”
“Yes, I do,” I replied. “Let’s quit the bullshit and niceties, Ms. Bouvier. What the hell do you want? You left screaming in horror out of Apolo’s life years ago. Now, he’s a newly minted senator, and poof, you magically reappear. What’s with that?”
“I merely want what was once mine. I intend to have him back, and trust me, it won’t take long for him to find his way back to my bed. I will be Mrs. Apolo Choice.”
“Good luck with that pipe dream,” I spat as I threw the towel on the counter and spun past her. “I don’t know what you’re smokin’, but lady, you don’t stand a chance in hell with him. He didn’t forgive you then, and he’s damn sure not going to forgive you now.”
I marched past her and out the door, not leaving myself open for any further comments. As I stepped into the corridor, I noted Jacob casually standing there.
“Ms. White, Mr. Choice wanted me to make sure everything was alright and asked me to escort you back to the ballroom.” He was glancing over my shoulder towards the ladies’ room. That meant both he and Apolo knew what was going on. The woman was so transparent.
“Thanks, Jacob.”
“Don’t worry about Ms. Bouvier. I’ll deal with her. If she bothers you again, please let me know.”
“I will. I think I got my point across just now. So, Jacob, are you going to enjoy Washington?”
“Yes, ma’am. It’s one of best cities around.”
We arrived in the ballroom, where he escorted me over to Apolo, who was speaking with a small group. I slid in next to him.
“Thanks for sending Jacob,” I whispered.
“I’m sorry. I don’t know how she gained entrance, but I’m having it checked out.”
“Don’t worry, I think I handled her.”
He cocked an eyebrow at me with a sly smile on his face before turning to his admirers and guests. That was the last either of us saw Depheine Bouvier that evening. Thank goodness. We went on to our dinner and finally back to our new home.
Sitting down on one of the settees, I removed my heels and gently massaged my feet. Apolo removed his jacket, laying it on the back of one of the chairs before heading toward the bar.
“I’m glad that’s over with,” he stated flatly. “Glad this whole week is over with, aren’t you, angel?”
“Yes. I thought it went rather well this evening, don’t you?” I wasn’t going to mention the cow in the room unless he did. And knowing Apolo, he would address the issue. He didn’t like secrets, and he preferred things out in the open.
“I was quite pleased with it. It would have been perfect if Delpheine hadn’t shown up. I’m still trying to find out how she gained entrance, or if she was invited.”
“Don’t give her a second thought, Apolo. I’m sure Jacob will handle her,” I replied. “I think I got my point across to her, too.”
I watched him pour two glasses of brandy into the crystal snifters. A smile crossed his face as I finished speaking. “What exactly did she want with you? Jacob told me she followed you into the ladies’ room.” He sauntered across the room and handed me my glass before sitting down beside me.
Sniffing the essence of the brandy, I took a swallow before answering. “First off, she wanted to make sure I knew you can’t have children. You know, because of the accident. Second thing, she wanted to let me know that she intended to have you back in her bed. The rest you can imagine for yourself.” I smiled seductively at him, taking another sip of my liquor.
His free hand was on my shoulder now, rubbing in a slow, methodical motion. “It’ll be a cold day in hell before she or any other woman graces my bed. You’re my woman, Catilyn. I love only you. You make me complete. As for her other remark about whether or not I can father children, we’ve discussed that. I simply don’t know.”
“I know, Apolo. Whether you can or not has no effect on our relationship. We’ll deal with that if and when the time comes.”
“I probably should be checked. That was years ago, and it was only the opinion of a couple doctors.”
“Apolo,” I growled. “Read my lips. It has no bearing on us. You’re my man. I love you, all of you.”
“Thank you for that, angel. Oh, and by the way. Not to change the subject, but I’m having breakfast with your father in the morning.”
“Really? Just the two of you?”
“Yes. I felt bad about not having more time for us all to spend together. So, I thought perhaps I’d make it up to him by the two of us having breakfast.”
“I’m sure he’ll love that, and thank you. It’s been an even longer week with family here. But I think with the exception of my mother and her antics, everything has gone like clockwork.”
“My parents like you immensely.”
“Really? They’ve told you already?”
“Yes, both of them have said they approve, not that I expected they wouldn’t.”
“Well, I know my father approves, otherwise he’d have never asked you to call him by his first name. Mother, well, we won’t go there.” I giggled and repositioned myself so I was sitting next to him, his arm around me. He drew it tighter around my shoulders. I could catch his essence of sweat, cologne, and just the man. It sent shivers down my body. We sat there like that, simply enjoying each other and the peace and quiet we finally had after such a long and busy week.
Then, sitting up, I placed my glass down on the table in front of us. I stood and turned toward him as he eyed me seductively. Hiking up my dress, I straddled him, making sure my clit rubbed against his erection. I took hold of his tie and loosened it, undoing the knot and pulling it from around his neck. “I understand,” I purred in his ear, “Neckties make wonderful restraints.”
He groaned as I felt his free hand slide around to my ass. I took his face between my hands and slanted my mouth over his in a slow, seductive, yet greedy kiss. As his opened for me, our tongues began to spar with one another. Aware that he still had his brandy snifter in one hand, I broke the kiss, sat back, and stared at him. As I did, I took the glass from his hand, raised it to my lips, and finished off the amber liquid.
I licked slowly, teasing, making sure I had every drop, and then set the glass aside on the settee. “I think we should take this to the bedroom. These settees are so uncomfortable, don’t you agree?”
“Hmmm, yes,” he growled, both his hands now fixed on my waist. “But if you don’t get off me, we’ll be finding out just how uncomfortable it really is, angel.”
I kissed him then rose to let him up. Without looking, I took his hand in mine and proceeded toward the bedroom. Still holding his tie in my hand, naughty thoughts flew through my mind. This was going to be fun.
Suddenly, I felt his hand on the back of my dress, unzipping it. He helped it over my shoulders and the fabric fell in a puddle at my feet.
Turning to him, I began unbuttoning his shirt as he unhooked my bra and let it fall. He helped as I pulled his shirt off his shoulders. As his last arm came through the sleeve, I balled the material up and flung it away. He took my breasts in his hands and began to knead them.
“Hands off the merchandise, Choice. I’m in charge tonight. I’ll tell you when you can touch.”
A low, throaty laugh emerged from him. “What sort of monster have I created? I’m all yours, angel, do you worst.”
Without answering, I undid his pants and began to inch them over his muscular hips. Once I managed to get past his erection, I let go of them. His underwear followed. Then, I pushed him into a sitting position at the foot of the bed. His cock was thick and throbbing, wanting already.
I kissed him on the lips then began replicating it inch by inch, down his throat and down his chest. He moaned when I briefly took his cock in my hand. Quickly, I wrapped my lips around the tip, and with my tongue, licked off the pre-cum. Breaking free, I kissed my way down his thigh and upper leg.
Sitting up, I carefully bent down and untied his shoes. I then focused my attention on his prosthetic limb. His hands met mine, and I shook my head. I wanted to do this. To show him that this piece of his past did not invoke anything but love and affection from me. “Show me,” I said softly. “I want to learn.”
Placing my hands where the prosthetic met his leg, Apolo guided me, assisting me as I rolled the tight fabric down until the stump met metal. Gently, I took the limb in my hands and placed it on the floor. Turning to focus on Apolo, I caught him rubbing the end of his lost limb.
“I thought I said no touching, Choice. That includes yourself. Now, sit back and enjoy the ride, baby.” I playfully slapped his hands away and pushed him back on the mattress. Refocusing on the stump, I bent over and kissed every area imaginable, working my way slowly up his leg.
As I inched my way to the inside of his thigh, I ran my finger back behind his balls, where they meet—that most private, erotic place on a man—before going onward to his ass and then forward to his cock. I must have hit the spot, because Apolo moaned, spreading his legs even further apart. Cupping his balls in my hand, I slowly wrapped my lips around them, causing him to groan even more.
Remembering his tie, I stopped, stood up, and stared down at him. “Center of the bed, now!” I commanded, watching him watch me. “Is that a smirk on your face, Apolo? Because if it is, you’re going to pay dearly.”
“No, never, angel. I’d never do that. I’m simply in awe at what a seductress you are this evening.”
“Hands over your head.” Straddling him, I made sure I dragged my hot, naked body over his face as I loosely bound both his hands above his head. Slowly, I reversed the process, and when my breast fell over his lips, he grabbed hold and nipped the tip before sucking it. A groan escaped me. I was on fire, but not yet ready.
Pulling free, I covered his mouth with mine and tasted every inch. Grinding against his erection, I broke the kiss. “Hmmm. What to do. What to do.” As much as I wanted him inside me right then, I got on all fours so that my body wasn’t touching his skin. “What I want is for you to make me come with your mouth. After that, I plan to suck you dry.”
“Oh God, Caitlyn, just do it. Let me taste you,” he groaned.
Moving slowly, I positioned myself, lowering toward his mouth. I sat upright, fondling my breasts, as Apolo took command with his tongue, flicking it around and on my clit. I began to rock against him as we established a pattern. He moved his tongue through my folds then plunged it inside. I was on the verge of going over the edge, and he clearly knew it, because he took my clit between his lips and gently sucked, causing me to buck and moan in ecstasy.
“Oh, fuck yeah, Apolo.” I collapsed on to all fours to compose myself as Apolo chuckled from beneath me, which vibrated on to my already raw clit, bringing a second rush of orgasmic bliss running through me.
As soon as I regained my senses, I slid my wet pussy down across his chest. Our mouths met, and our tongues dueled, flicking and probing each other. The taste of myself sent a shiver through my body. Breaking the connection, I fisted my hands in his sable brown hair and peered down at him.
“That was fucking fantastic, babe,” I purred. “Are you ready for what comes next?” I teased him, outlining his lips with my tongue one last time.
“I can’t wait. I like you like this, all bossy and in charge.”
“Do you want to come?”
“Yes, angel, yes.”
“Soon, baby, soon.” I took command again, kissing him long and hard. I kissed his face then his ear I hovered over the shell just long enough, which I knew drove him crazy. “I love you, Apolo.”
Slowly, I kissed and licked my way toward my destination. His cock stood there hard, erect, throbbing, and weeping for attention. I took it in my hand and squeezed before outlining every coursing vein and every inch of skin. I heard him draw in a breath as I lowered my mouth and encased the tip. I quickly flicked my tongue along the opening and caught the pre-cum.
He moaned at the suction, his body wriggled in an attempt to gain control. I glanced up at his face to find him watching me. His expression was intense, yet somehow, sexually seductive. Then, I slid my mouth over the rest of his velvety manhood, running my tongue playfully around it.
“Stop! Stop, Caitlyn!”
My tongue continued to move over his skin as I ignored his plea. He was hot and close to release. I knew that, but I wanted to hear him beg. Just this once, while I had him in this vulnerable state. I loved that I could have this with him, that we could enjoy each other like this.
“Caitlyn, take me baby, please.”
I slowly withdrew my claim on him. As I came to the wide crest of his cock, I flicked my tongue along, claiming any pre-cum. His body shook in anticipation. “What do you want now, baby?” I teased, flicking a grin up at his handsome face.
“Put me inside you,” he whispered, staring up at me.
“Why? I think I might like to play some more. I think I’d like to suck you dry first instead.”
“No, please, put me inside you. I’m going to come if you keep doing what you’re doing. Teasing me like that.”
“You don’t want me to drink you first?”
“No I want to come inside you!”
Straddling his hips, I took his cock in one hand and flicked the slick tip against my swollen clit, guiding it back to my entrance. I held it there, positioning myself to receive him. The next moment, large hands were on each of my hips, lowering me on. He had come free of his loose restraints.
I moaned as he seated me as deep as he could, until my wet entrance touched against his hot body. “You’re so hard, baby.” I sat up, enjoying his arousal inside me. I moaned in ecstasy.
“That’s what you do to me, Caitlyn. We were made for each other.” Slowly withdrawing, he thrust up hard and stayed that way. He teased with slow, sensual movements. I could feel the tip as it touched and massaged the spot inside me that only he had been able to reach.
Arching my body over him, our lips inches from each other, I brushed his lightly with my tongue again. I knew this drove him crazy. “Fuck me, Apolo. I want you on top of me, fucking me hard.”
He growled then moved us over, his huge body covering mine. Then, he grabbed me by the ass, yanking me hard against him and pushing deep inside. My hands were clenching his ass as well, pulling him deeper, as though I couldn’t get enough of this man. “Mine, Caitlyn,” he stated gruffly. “You’re mine, Cait.”
My body writhed under his movements, as I inched closer to orgasm. “Apolo.” I mewed as I bucked under him, matching his thrusts.
“That’s it, baby. Come. You can do it. Just let it go,” he hissed in my ear. His pumping was becoming quicker, with more urgency. He was not far himself.
He sat up, watching me as he moved in and out. It was too much. His clever fingers massaged my clit, and my entire body shook violently as I came. One orgasm led into another, my sex contracting around him. “Oh fuck, Apolo. Don’t stop.” I heard myself cry out.
“Are you ready, baby? Come with me. Together.”
“Oh God, you’re so deep, Apolo. Now, baby. Let’s do it.”
He fucked me hard. The act was primal and arousing, thrusting deep inside me until his body shuddered and jerked, filling me with his release. I trembled and spread wide for him. As he slammed into me a final time, the crest of his cock hit the sweet spot and sent me spinning off the edge. I opened my eyes, desperately wanting to watch this man as he came. He looked like a god. He was a god. Mine.
He collapsed over me, heaving for breath. Still coming. I stroked his back as his breathing began to slow. Finally, he moved, kissing the shell of my ear. “That was fucking incredible.” He moved, repositioning himself so he could gaze down at me. Still inside me, still hard. “I love you, baby.” He planted little kisses over my face.
“I love you, too, Apolo. Hmmm. It was fucking fantastic, wasn’t it?”
“I told you we were made to fuck each other, Caitlyn. Our bodies instinctively know what the other wants.”
“And what is yours telling you now. Because if I were to guess, I’d say you’re ready to go again. Animal!”
He growled playfully in my ear. “Hmmm. You’d be right, angel. But first, I think I need a break and something cold to drink.” He slowly withdrew. “Would you mind?”
“My pleasure, Senator Choice,” I replied as I sat up and got my bearings. Swinging my legs over the side, I stood up. “I’ll be right back. You keep it hot and ready, lover boy.”
He chuckled at my remark, shaking his tousled brown hair. “You have no idea how ready I am, baby.”
Walking out into the suite, I padded my way to the small refrigerator next to the bar and pulled out two bottles of water. Checking the door and making sure the deadbolt was in place, I walked through the room, turning off all but one lamp.
The thought of Apolo inside me again sent shivers down my body, my clit again throbbing again for his touch. I smiled as I approached the king sized bed. There he lay in all his naked splendor. Mr. Hotshot. Sound asleep.

* * * *

Apolo

Damn Delpheine! I don’t know where she’s getting her information, but I intend to find out. The nerve that she thinks she can come waltzing back into my life, after the way she repulsively rejected me is inexcusable and something I have never forgotten. Jacob will get to the bottom of it, but my little spitfire seems to have handled herself just fine.
I plan to marry her, and I need to begin to put my plans in motion.
I met Caitlyn’s father, Frank at one of the hotel restaurants. It was the perfect opportunity for us to get to know each other a little better. Caitlyn was still asleep, as I imagined so was her mother.
Frank waved me over to the table, standing to shake hands with me. We sat down, ordered our meal, and began conversing about insignificant things.
He explained his move back to Ireland. Once he’d given me some details about who his employer was and such, I had to agree with him. He’d have been a fool to pass up such an offer. Not wanting to appear nosy, I avoided the subject of his wife and why she didn’t return with him. Caitlyn had shared enough for me to get the picture.
I was wondering how to approach the subject when Frank did it all by himself. I have to admit, I’d played out this scene a thousand times in my head. But now that it was here and real, I had absolutely no idea what to say to the man. He must have sensed that his daughter was part of the reason for our meeting. I was secretly grateful for his fatherly insight.
“So Apolo, you’re planning on making an honest woman out of my Caitlyn?”
I smiled and placed my fork down on the plate. “It looks that way. Everyone tells me I can’t bring her to Washington in my new position, living together without getting married.”
“And that surprises me, Apolo. I didn’t take you for one to care what anyone thought.”
“I don’t, but where Caitlyn is concerned, it’s different. I have to put her ahead of myself. It’s one thing for people to gossip about me. I won’t have them do it with Caitlyn. So, if that means we get married, then that’s what we’ll do.”
“It’s obvious you love her very much, so my speech about taking care of my little girl—and if you ever hurt her you’ll have me to answer to—just flew out the window.” He chuckled. I loved his Irish accent. Reminded me of Caitlyn.
“Yes, I do love her very much. You needn’t worry about her. I’ll take good care of her. She’ll never want for anything.”
“Oh, of that I have no doubt,” he replied. He winked at me before taking a bite off his sausage. I was now beginning to see where Caitlyn got her humor. Certainly not her mother.
“I did, however, promise Caitlyn that I would ask you formally for her hand.”
“And you have, and yes, you have my blessing to marry my daughter, Apolo.”
“Thank you, sir. You know your daughter can be a bit headstrong when she wants things done a certain way.”
“Told you she wouldn’t marry you unless you asked me and unless you formally propose. Am I missing anything?”
“No,” I replied, chuckling. “You know your daughter quite well.”‘
“Aye, I do. Now, if we’re done with the formalities, how about you and I head back to your suite and have some fun?”
“What sort of fun?”
“Oh, how about we be there sitting all pretty. It’ll drive her nuts, wondering whether or not you asked me.”
That settles it. Time for the newly minted Senator Choice to ask his beautiful, sensual woman for her hand in marriage. The sooner, the better.
A wedding will have to be done quickly and in Atlanta. I would like for us to be married when we return to Washington, if at all possible. But knowing Caitlyn’s mother, we may be in for a battle. I’m sure she’s not going to let her only daughter marry in haste, or under the guise of it being a “shotgun” wedding.
No, I’m sure she’ll want the whole, huge affair, unless of course Caitlyn doesn’t, and we haven’t really spoken about this matter. I’ve always felt that it was a woman’s dream to marry, so the woman should choose how it happens.



Chapter Eight


Caitlyn

Slowly, I opened my eyes and stretched. The spot Apolo had occupied earlier sat empty. The clock on the bedside table read nine o’clock. That’s right, he was having breakfast with Pop this morning.
Apolo had fallen asleep, and I hadn’t disturbed him, but that hadn’t stopped him from making love to me once he’d woken up some hours ago. I remembered him telling me to sleep in. The man made my heart feel good. How could I have been so lucky?
Luck or fate would have to wait. I needed to get up. Plans for the weekend had been to spend them with Pop or with Apolo’s parents, depending on all of their schedules. Mother, well, knowing her, she probably had her own agenda laid out. Still, I wondered if she and my father were perhaps trying to work out their differences.
Grabbing my robe off the foot of the bed, I pulled it around me. Coffee was the only thing I wanted. After that, I’d be ready for whatever the day offered.
Opening the bedroom door, I went in search of it. I knew if Apolo hadn’t ordered some, there was a pot available. We had decided to make the hotel our home until we found a place, which meant no cooking until then. A simple luxury I would force myself to enjoy. I was so focused on getting some coffee, I walked right by Apolo and my father, who were seated in the living room.
“Good morning, Caitlyn.” I heard Apolo’s low, seductive baritone, shaking me back to reality. I jerked around to see the two men standing.
“Oh, good morning. Have the two of you eaten already?”
“Yes,” my father replied. “Apolo and I had quite a lovely breakfast downstairs in one of the restaurants.”
“Good.” I eyed them both suspiciously. Only because they were smiling. Too early for that sort of cheerfulness. “Is there coffee, or do I need to make some?”
“There should be a fresh carafe on the table,” Apolo answered, walking toward me.
The hair on my arms immediately stood on end as he approached. As he neared, I caught a whiff of his cologne. He was dressed casually. Casual for him, at least. A pair of black slacks and a golf shirt. No jeans here.
“Let me help you. You look as though you’re still half asleep.” He kissed me on the lips and turned me back toward the living room. I complied, finding a chair and sitting down. My father was still grinning.
“What is it with you two this morning?”
“Nothing. It’s just good to see you happy and content,” my father replied, still grinning.
“And you?” I asked, as Apolo handed me a steaming mug. I gingerly took it from him, taking a careful sip.
“Ditto what your father said.”
“Hmmmph. So, what are we doing today?”
“Well, your mother and I leave for home tomorrow evening. We thought we would go do some sightseeing together. The only thing I’ve gotten in has been the Smithsonian.”
All of a sudden, it dawned on me what he had just said. “Wait a minute. Did you just say mother’s going back to Ireland with you? Why? And what brought this on?”
“We’re going to try to spend some time together. See if we can’t work this nonsense out.”
“Good for you, Pop. Apolo? Do you have anything going on?”
“I’ve got nothing. My parents indicated that they wanted to spend the day quietly. I imagine they’re still recovering from their long trip. So, our day is wide open. I did, however, take the liberty to arrange for us to look at a couple of places. Are you up to it?”
“Yes, of course, I am. I’ll just need to shower and get ready first.” Taking a long swallow off my black coffee, I finished it off. “I’ll just get another cup and get started.”
“Do you want me to order you something to eat?”
“No, thanks. I’ll be fine until we eat lunch.”
Sometime later, we met Max Turner, in the Wesley Heights section of DC. An aggressive, young real estate agent, he knew Washington like the back of his hand and was known for his uncanny ability to match clients to properties. He didn’t disappoint with the third.
The property was once again a penthouse. This time, however, it was eight thousand square feet on the top floor with floor to ceiling windows that beckoned with the most spectacular views. Far more room that we’d ever need or use, still, the size did not intimidate Apolo. We walked through the apartment together, commenting on the exquisite taste the current owner had.
“Oh, my God, Apolo! This place is magnificent. Huge, but magnificent.”
“The property comes either furnished or unfurnished,” Max announced as though he knew what we were thinking.
“Everything?” I asked curiously. It was, after all, a loaded question, with a great many possibilities.
“Right down to the sheets and towels, if so desired,” he coyly replied.
Apolo, who had been ignoring us, fascinated by a painting that appeared to be by some old master, turned in my direction. “I like it, Caitlyn. It’s move-in ready. You wouldn’t have to fuss about a thing. You could take your time putting your touch on it.”
“Well, if you like it. You’re sure you don’t want to look at a house or town home?”
“No, this is it. If I decide to go beyond these two years, we can revisit that. No, the view is spectacular. Everything we need is here.”
I shot Max a dumbfounded look. Though I don’t know why, I should be used to Apolo’s quirky ways by now. “You heard the man. He wants this place.”
Quietly, I turned and left the room, leaving the two men to discuss the particulars of such a purchase. I needed to take it all in. The place wasn’t one hundred percent to my taste, but I could make do. And Apolo was right, I would slowly begin to add my own personal touches to each of the rooms and make it into our place. In two years, if he decided he wanted to run for reelection, we could discuss perhaps purchasing a house. But for now, this would do.
Wow! So much was happening, it almost made my head spin. But that was Apolo…full steam ahead. The next thing I know he’ll want to discuss us getting married. Ha! He has to ask me first, though. This is quicker than I wanted, but I understand the mechanics of Washington. Us living together would not wash with the older, more established set here. Even in the twenty-first century. Not that I mind, not really.
“Everything okay?” I heard his deep voice behind me.
“Yes, of course. Why?”
“You just had a far-away look in your eyes, that’s all.”
“If I did, it’s because there is a lot to take in, Mr. Choice. When you make up your mind to do something, you’re full steam ahead. It can throw a girl off balance.”
“Really? I would have thought nothing would throw you off balance, Caitlyn. Anyway, Max is going to stop by with the papers after a while so I can sign them and we can put our offer in.”
“You’re sure you’ll be happy here?”
He sighed. “Yes, Caitlyn, I’m sure. Are we going to resort to those sort of couple games now?”
“What games, Choice? I love the place. I just wanted to make sure. After all, it’s a lot of money, and it’s you spending it.”
“The money is the least of my worries. It’s your happiness I want to be sure of.”
“Well, worry no more.”
“Then, if you’re ready, I suppose we ought to be going. I’d like to spend some quiet time alone with you.”
“There you go, then. All in a day’s work, huh?”
“Nothing is work where you are concerned Caitlyn.”
I felt his lean body pressed against me from behind. Knowing Apolo as well as I did, it would be a fair guess he had a massive erection. The man loved sex. It seemed all I had to do was speak, and he was aroused. I entwined my hands in his and turned to face him. “I suppose we don’t have time to grab lunch before young Mr. Max meets back up with us, do we?”
“That’s not what I had in mind, but yes, we have plenty of time to stop somewhere for lunch.”
“Good, because if you remember, I nixed breakfast this morning.”
“That’s right. I remember now,” he loftily replied. “Let’s go. I know of a little café not too far from here. We don’t want the press saying you’re too thin, now do we?”
“I thought you didn’t care what the press had to say, Choice?”
“I don’t when it’s me they’re talking about. You, you’re another matter entirely, my love.”
Somehow, I believed him, too. I was sure I would see that protective side of Apolo come out of the shadows more and more.

* * * *

The café was a small out-of-the-way place. Somewhere I could imagine we might come in the future. Once we moved here. I saw it as being perfect. Perfect for those quick getaways like this. The décor reminded me of places I had eaten at in Paris.
We were quickly seated at a secluded table. I began to order a salad, but quickly changed it to something more substantial when I noticed Apolo’s eyebrow raised in disapproval. Instead, I took his lead and ordered a half sandwich and a bowl of soup.
“Well,” he began. “We have a place to live. With any luck, we should be able to move in around the same time we return.”
“I really like it, Apolo. A bit on the large size, but I’ll get used to it. Perfect for entertaining.”
“Yes, it is, isn’t it?”
“Hmmm, with that view of the Washington skyline, it will be perfect at night.”
Then, blunt as usual, Apolo brought up the marriage subject. “Not to change the subject, but it is all intertwined. I guess we need to begin making marriage plans, don’t we?”
I glanced across the table at him, just as the waiter brought our soup and sandwiches. I waited until the young man left. “Yes, we better. Unless you want my mother doing the planning for us. What do you have in mind, Apolo? I know you well enough to know you have an idea of how you want this played out.”
“Caitlyn, I will submit to whatever you decide. I’ll leave the planning to you.”
“Hmmmph, somehow I don’t see that happening. I envision what you have in the back of your mind is something elaborate. Ever the politician, Apolo. You’ll want the world to be part of our special day.”
“I get the feeling you don’t share my enthusiasm, sweet. Care to expand?”
“For starters, you haven’t even asked me. You simply assume I’ll marry you.”
“Ask you? I didn’t think you were that old-fashioned.”
“I believe I might have mentioned once I expected to be proposed to properly.”
He put his soupspoon down and patted his lips with a cloth napkin. “Ah yes, you did.” He winked at me. “That detail aside, what would you like to do?”
“A very important detail, Apolo.”
“Yes, Caitlyn, I get your point.”
“I want the whole enchilada. I want the formal wedding. But, I only wish our families to be invited. No press. Perhaps a few close friends, like Izzie and perhaps Renee. After that a reception, which we will both plan, and you can invite whoever you wish. The Queen of England would be welcome, but the wedding is private.”
“Done.”
I stared at him for a brief second. “Done? You mean I can…”
“Whatever you want Caitlyn, as long as we do it in Atlanta before we return to Washington. That officially gives you two months to pull together not only a private wedding, but the biggest bash the state of Georgia has ever seen. Can you do it?”
Inside, I was secretly terrified by what I had proposed and what he had agreed to, but never, ever would I let him know that. “Of course I can, Choice. We’re going to have a wedding reception the likes of which no one has ever seen. Just don’t forget what I said about the proposal.”
“I shall enjoy that to the fullest.”
“What about a budget? I need to know what my boundaries are, or should I say, my mother needs to know.”
“Hopefully, she will be with your father in Ireland for most of the planning. As for budget, you have free rein, my love. Whatever you want. Just don’t let your mother know that little fact.”
“No, that’ll be our little secret. However, once she learns you have proposed, and we’re planning our wedding for before we move here, she will be on the first plane back to Atlanta.”
He chuckled. “I have no doubt she will. If she even goes to Ireland at all.”
I put my sandwich back down on my plate. He was right. She’d never leave for Ireland once she heard the news. I was going to have to suck it up and deal with her and her ways. “She won’t leave. The second she hears, she’ll be off planning on her own.” A thought crossed my mind that might save both me and Apolo a lot of grief where my mother was concerned. “Apolo, would you mind if I hired a wedding planner? Someone to take care of the details and oversee stuff?”
“‘Stuff,’ meaning your mother?” He grinned. “I think that’s a marvelous idea. It will free you up for more important things. Let someone else worry about the details. Do you have someone in mind?”
“No, but I’m sure Renee can help me find some to interview post haste.”
“I’m sure she can. In fact, why don’t you give her a call? Just ask her to discreetly line up three or four for when we return.”
“Perfect! Now, I think I’ll be able to enjoy the planning a lot better, knowing my mother will be stifled at her attempts to take over the event.”
“Glad I was of some assistance, my dear. If you’re ready, I think we need to get back to the hotel.”
“Yes, I’m ready. Oh, do me one favor tonight?”
“What might that be?”
“Let’s not tell my parents about the wedding just yet? I want my mother to be in Ireland when she hears the news. Besides, Choice, you haven’t proposed.”
We arrived back at our hotel suite with time enough for me to make that call to Renee about finding a wedding planner on such short notice. Renee, however, did bring up a good point—that they would be crawling all over each other once they knew who the client was. She assured me she would set the meetings up beginning in two days, giving me time to get home to Atlanta and organize myself. She was excited about her boss getting married at long last.
While I was in the bedroom talking with Renee, Apolo was in the midst of paperwork with Max for the condo. I was quite sure we would find ourselves the proud owners sooner than most couples. Apolo’s name could move mountains.
Glancing at the clock on the bedside table, I made a mental note that my mother should be calling. I was sure she would want to do something with us this evening. Her last evening before she and my father left for Dublin. Though I should feel bad for having to be deceptive about our wedding plans, I really didn’t.
I stood up from the bed, padded over to the door, and listened. Not hearing any conversation coming from the other side, I opened it. I walked into the salon, only to find Apolo sitting in a chair, laptop on the table in front of him. He didn’t hear me, deeply involved in whatever it was he was typing.
“So, did you and Max get everything taken care of?”
He glanced up. “Yes, and you? Is Renee going to get some wedding planners lined up for you when we get back?”
“She is, and she’s excited, too.”
“Hmmm, well, she’s a woman. I would think she would be. You women all love weddings.” I saw a glimpse of a smile cross his lips, as he didn’t look up from his computer screen this time.
I wondered what it was that was so damn important. “Yes, we do, as you’re about to find out.”
He quickly closed the lid on his laptop, which made me all the more curious about what he was up to. “Well, I can’t wait.”
I sat down across from him. “I was thinking, Apolo, would you mind terribly if we also did not mention that we found a place to purchase tonight? Knowing my mother, it will be another excuse for her to stay. She’d want to see it and put her seal of approval on it before she left.”
“No, not at all. Just let me make a mental note to myself of what not to mention in front of your mother this evening.” He chuckled. “No mention of our new home or the wedding. Gotcha!”
“You know, Choice, you can be a real smart ass when you want to be. But I love you in spite of that.”
“It’s one of my more endearing qualities, don’t you think?” he smugly inquired.
“Oh yes, though some people who don’t know you might not care for it.”
“But you know I don’t care what anyone thinks. You’re the only exception to that rule, Caitlyn.”
“I know. I feel honored.” I snorted, trying my best to be serious with him. He was in a quirky mood.
“Well, I must say, today has been a productive one, don’t you think? We’ve purchased a home and decided on how to proceed with planning a wedding. And the day isn’t even over!”
My cell phone vibrated on the table where I had laid it earlier. I picked it up, knowing exactly who it was. “My mother would like to know what time are we going to dinner and where. She needs to know how to dress.” I shook my head, thinking of her.
Apolo rattled off the name of the restaurant, along with the time and address. I repeated them to my mother. I sat and listened to her go on about what she was going to wear and did I think she would be too over-dressed. I rolled my eyes in Apolo’s direction.
“Tell her my parents are joining us.”
I know I had to have had a shocked look on my face. He just grinned. My mother, upon hearing that news, concluded she needed to go out and purchase something entirely new for dinner and all but hung up on me.
“I would have told you sooner, but I just now got everything worked out. I figured this would be the only chance we’d probably have before the wedding to have them meet.”
I nodded. “Yes, you’re right. There may not be another opportunity. I was just hoping that the first time I met your parents it would be just you and me. You know how my mother is—she’ll take over the entire conversation tonight, and your mother and I won’t get a chance to get to know each other.”
He laughed, putting his hand over mine. “Would it help if I told you I invited them for drinks before dinner? They’ll be here about an hour before we have to leave.”
“Thank you,” I whispered. While I was nervous about meeting his parents, the fear subsided, knowing I’d have time with them before the spectacle that was my mother arrived.
“Okay then. Everything’s set.” He glanced at his watch. “I think we should probably think about getting ready since I shortened our pre-dinner time.” He chuckled. Right then, I decided he was going to make a formidable son-in-law. He and my father already had a mutual understanding about things in my family.
I was putting on my heels a short time later when I heard the sound of voices coming from the main salon. Apolo’s parents. Deep breath.
I went over to the mirror one final time. I had chosen a sapphire-colored dress to wear. Again, it was simple, elegant. The one thing I had learned was that less was more. At least right now. Perhaps later, once I got my wardrobe built up for all these functions I knew we would have to attend, I might try something with a more bold look, but this was perfect. Deciding there was nothing further I could improve on, I walked out to greet my future in-laws.
Apolo was standing in the salon talking with his parents. They turned in my direction as I entered. Immediately I felt calm.
“Mother, Dad, I would like you to meet Caitlyn. Caitlyn, this is my father, Robert, and my mother, Helen.”
Everything fell into place. We greeted each other before Apolo asked what everyone would like to drink.
“I’ll have my usual martini, Apolo, and save the wine for the restaurant,” Helen replied. She was an elegant woman, still thin, with stunning grey hair. I could see where Apolo got his eyes. “You do remember how I like them, don’t you?”
“Yes, Mother.”
While he and his father were busy at the bar, Helen and I sat down. Though I wasn’t sure where to begin, Helen picked up as though we’d known each other for ages.
“I do apologize for being so scarce. I don’t want you to think we’re rude. It’s just that this flight back from New Zealand really wore us out. Usually, we make a point of breaking up long trips like this. But we wanted to make sure we were here in time for the swearing in.”
“That’s quite all right,” I replied, smiling at her. “You were here for the most important event. That’s all that matters. We’ll have plenty of other times to get to know each other.”
I glanced in Apolo’s direction, wondering if he’d overheard our discussion or not. I knew his mother and I would be fine. He and Robert brought our drinks and sat down with us.
“I hate to bring up a touchy subject, but have either of you seen Anthony?” Apolo asked. “I saw him briefly at my swearing in, but I haven’t seen or heard a word out of him since.”
His parents glanced at each other briefly before Robert spoke up. “We were going to ask the same thing. I know you put him up at the Hyatt, but we haven’t seen or heard from him, either.”
“I suppose I could have Jacob go to the hotel and make sure everything’s okay.”
“If you don’t mind, Apolo,” his mother replied. “I’m sure everything is fine. You know your brother can be odd at times. One would think, with his brother now a senator, that he would want to be included in everything.”
“Well, he was given an itinerary of all the planned functions. Personal and political, so he has no excuse.” Apolo sat back in his chair, a hint of displeasure in his tone.
“How do you think your brother’s doing, Apolo? Be honest, now. We rarely hear from him outside of family functions, and if I question him about anything at all, he’s quite vague in his answers.”
“Honestly, Dad? I don’t have a clue, other than Tony’s only interested in Tony or what you can do for him. Did you know he was quite upset when he found out I’d revealed my injury? He didn’t like it at all. Like I said, if you and Mother are that concerned, I can have Jacob check things out.”
“Well, why don’t you do that, if you don’t mind? I’m sure Caitlyn doesn’t want to hear about your brother and his bad behavior,” Helen added.
“Consider it done, and don’t worry about Caitlyn here. She’s seen Tony at his best more than once. And I told her about the night of my accident.”
I nodded my head in agreement with Apolo’s statement, as his father supplied an interesting tidbit. Ah, families. “Your mother and I just get concerned with what sort of people he deals with. Like this new restaurant of his. Do you have any idea how he came up with that sort of money?”
“No, I assumed you did. At least, that’s what he’s led me to believe.”
The two men stared at each other. Everyone was quiet for a minute until Apolo spoke up again.
“I’ll have Jacob look into things. I’m sure he’s got friends up here and has gone off to visit them. Caitlyn, sweet,” he said, “why don’t you fill my parents in on our plans? I know it’s not much to go on yet, but it’ll let them start thinking ahead. Then, I think we should probably leave for dinner.”
Quietly, I began telling the older couple what our thoughts were. Apolo, in the meantime, went to the bar and refreshed his drink. I could tell he was not pleased with what he’d learned about his brother. I knew I needed to ask his parents to remain mum on the wedding planning and why. I glanced to Apolo for answer. I was lucky he noticed it right away.
“Mother, if you and Dad would mind not discussing what we’ve talked about in front of Caitlyn’s mother? Caitlyn’s mom can be a bit pushy about how she’ll expect things to be done, and we’re waiting until she returns to Ireland in a few days before Caitlyn actually begins talking with people.”
“Of course, my dear. I can sort of relate,” Helen offered. “You’re an only daughter, as I was. I remember well my mother fussing over every little detail. She wanted everything to be perfect, as a mother would.”
“Thank you, Helen. My mother means well, but I have to watch her like a hawk. Otherwise, she’d plan the entire thing, and I’d be left wondering how she accomplished it.”
“Well, if you ladies are ready, I think we should be leaving,” Apolo prodded gently.
I pointed Helen in the direction of the second bath in the suite then turned to grab my purse from the bedroom. Apolo followed me a few seconds later.
Wrapping me in his arms, he whispered, “You did splendidly. They like you, my mother in particular. I can fast see you becoming the daughter she never had.”
“They’re both very nice, Apolo. Now, I suppose we’d best get going so we can introduce them to Hurricane Susan.”
He chuckled at my pet name. “Yes, let’s get going. This should be quite interesting. Fair warning though. My mother should be able to handle your mother just fine.”

* * * *

Apolo

So, Caitlyn wants a formal proposal? She is being quite adamant about the entire matter. A formal proposal she wants, and so she shall get. It will be something she won’t be expecting. At a time and place that will catch her completely off guard.
With my appointment as senator, it will make it harder and harder for me to do anything on a grand scale without the press picking up on it. Though I do have one option that could work. Something I need to think about. The ins and outs of how to pull it off. Caitlyn is quite observant to her surroundings, making it hard to surprise her. But she insists she won’t marry me without it. I’ll let her think I’ve forgotten all about it, and then hit her when she least expects it.
If there were more time, I would do something over the top extravagant. Money’s no object, naturally. Since I want to catch her off guard, that rules out proposing somewhere romantic like Paris or a gondola in Venice.
I could take her to a baseball game and propose to her in front of thousands of fans, but that would embarrass her, and besides, she hates baseball. I’d even considered renting a billboard or sky plane and have my proposal trailed behind. Still too public, and this one gesture needed to be completely private, just the two of us. Even my houseboat wouldn’t do.
Other random ideas come to mind. Such as catering a lavish dinner for two at my home, complete with entertainment. But we’re running short on time, and once more, that would be too public. It needed to connect the two of us together. Something, somewhere, we’d always remember. A place where we’d shared some wonderful times and memories.
That left me with two choices.
My Ferrari held some lustful memories for me. I could take her out for a drive, find somewhere private, romantic, and propose. Then, make love to her in the car. Just like we almost did that first night.
The other was my old cabin in the woods. There were a lot of firsts that took place there that weekend. That was it! The perfect spot. Caitlyn would never in a thousand years suspect I was taking her back there to propose. She doesn’t think I’m that romantic, but I’ve been watching when she puts those chick flicks on. I’ve learned a thing or two about what ladies like.
I don’t have to worry about a ring. I’ve taken care of that matter. Having never done this whole proposal thing, I was unsure if I should chose the ring myself, or simply let her do it. Being somewhat old-fashioned, she would want the ring to come from me. This was my first token of love to her, and letting her loose in a jewelry store to choose it herself just flew in my face. I also believe she will love what I’ve picked out for her.
Now, how to pull off my little scheme without rousing Caitlyn’s suspicions? I’m going to have to enlist some outside help. I need Jacob. I’ll work it out with him, so that I text or call him as Caitlyn and I are leaving Atlanta. That will give him plenty of time to put everything in place right before we arrive.
I’ve discreetly asked Renee here and there where to purchase certain items. She always offers to do it for me. But I tell her this is something I’d rather take care of myself. I don’t know if that satisfies her or not. Knowing Renee, she has a good inkling what I’m up to.
Convincing Caitlyn to go away to the cabin before our return to Washington turned out easier than I thought it would be. I was fully prepared for her to tell me we didn’t have time to be goofing off fishing. Actually, she meant fucking, but I’ll take fishing. As long as she’s in for this adventure.
To my surprise, she readily agreed, stating we both needed one last getaway before I started my new job. She said we might not have such an opportunity for quite a while. And she asked me if I would show her how to fish while we were there. Said she wanted to see what all the fuss was about, how people could claim it to be so relaxing
Oh baby, just you wait.



Chapter Nine


Caitlyn

And so we returned to Atlanta to begin preparing not only for our move to Washington, but for our wedding. Mother had gone on to Ireland with my father, none the wiser. Some might find that deceptive, but she would more than make up for lost time once she heard all the news.
First and foremost, I had to tell Izzie everything that had transpired during our trip. Her work schedule made it hard, but I insisted she make herself available the second night for dinner, just the two of us. That gave me a day to relax and at least check in with Renee and see what she had lined up in the way of wedding planners.
“My goodness, Caitlyn, why all the rush and secrecy?” Izzie asked as I poured her a glass of wine. I had made dinner for the two of us. That way we could discuss things without being interrupted.
“Well for starters, Apolo and I found a place in Washington, and he’s made an offer. Second, he wants to get married before we move. I have Renee lining up appointments with wedding planners as we speak.”
“Wow! But why pay a wedding planner when you have your mother?” She cackled.
“Because number one, I don’t want Mother involved until later. Like after all the key decisions have been made. And second, she’s in Ireland with my father.”
“So, how did he propose?”
I took a swallow of my wine and set the glass down on the table in front of me. “He hasn’t. I’ve dropped all the hints I know how. I told him he had to propose, but so far…nothing.”
“Oh, I’m sure he’s planning something. It’ll be off the charts and completely unexpected. You wait and see.”
“I don’t know, Izzie. I’m afraid he’s just going to let things happen, knowing I wouldn’t back out on him at the last minute.”
“No, he’s planning something. He loves you too much. Everything the man does is over the top.”
“I suppose you’re right. In fact, I know you’re right. When we were in Washington, the night before we left, he was on his laptop all smug-like. When I got close, he slammed the lid down on his computer as though he didn’t want me to see what he was doing.”
“See? By the way, how are wedding planners coming along?”
“Renee has three lined up for me to interview tomorrow. Care to come and help me decide? Because I really want you to help me plan this thing, Izzie. In fact, I want you to stand up with me.”
“Wild horses couldn’t keep me away.”
“Good, because I have a feeling it’s going to be a wild ride.”
“But that’s Apolo, something I might add, I believe you love about the man.”
“Yes, I do, but sometimes he can be so intense.”
“I’m sure he’ll lighten up once you’re married and moved. It’s a huge step he’s taking.”
“I know, and I’m excited for him. He’s getting to work on some issues that mean a great deal to him. Like people with disabilities. He wants me to help him on that one.”
I caught my friend blinking back tears. This wasn’t like her. No matter what, Izzie was tough and unflappable. “Geez, Caitlyn. I’m going to miss you.”
“It’s not going to be good-bye, Iz. Besides, why couldn’t you move to Washington?”
“What? Who would keep things shook up here in Atlanta with you and Apolo gone?”
“I think Atlanta would manage just fine. Think about it.”
“I will. I promise. Perhaps after you two move up there and get settled in, I can come visit and seriously look at jobs.”
“Deal.”
“So, back to this wedding planning thing. What exactly are you thinking?” Izzie asked, taking a sip of her wine.
“The wedding itself is going to be for family and a few close friends only. It will be the reception where we go all out.”
“Have you thought where you want to have the wedding itself?”
“I was seriously thinking, since it’s going to be so small, of doing it at Apolo’s house.”
“You mean mansion, don’t you?” She laughed.
“Yeah, mansion. In fact, you need to come with me and look. The staircase would make for such a dramatic entrance—me coming down the grand staircase to my waiting groom.” I giggled and placed my wine glass back on the table. “We’ll stop by there before we go to meet the wedding planners.”
“This is so exciting, Caitlyn. I can’t believe this is actually happening!”
“Well, calm down, Izzie. We haven’t even started the planning, yet. Apolo and I have agreed on two dates. Hopefully, whichever planner I go with will be able to accommodate us.”

* * * *

I was surprised to find Apolo still at home the following morning. I had mentioned to him that Izzie and I were going to stop by to look around and why. He met us at the front door, dressed in jeans.
“Good morning, ladies,” he greeted us as he leaned in to kiss me when I passed by him. “I thought I would work from home this morning.”
“Probably not a bad idea, Apolo,” Izzie replied. “Saves you from all the questions now that it’s public knowledge you and Caitlyn here are getting married.”
“True, Izzie, but my employees know not to question me. And where are you ladies meeting these wedding planners?”
“Renee booked a small room at that restaurant near your office. It’s private, and we won’t have all the outside interference of meeting here or at my place.” I said as I hurried toward the staircase. “So, what do you think, Iz? Think this will make the right statement?”
Izzie looked up in awe. It was one of those grand staircases you found only in such movies as “Gone with the Wind.” Or if you were really lucky, you were rich and could afford a place with one. She turned and took in the huge entryway and gallery. Then, she began her way up the stairs, taking each one in as she went. When she got to the top, she turned and stopped. Looking down at Apolo and me, she began to descend the stairs, one at a time.
“I think she approves,” Apolo whispered to me.
“Yes, I think she does. Do you?”
“Absolutely. I’ve noticed you walk down these stairs before. Don’t think I haven’t. You’ll be a beautiful bride, making a grand entrance.”
A sudden thought came to mind. “Apolo, how would you feel about having the reception here at the house?”
“Whatever you want, my love. You know that. What have you got in mind?”
“Izzie, you look like you belong here.” I hollered up at my friend as she finished. “As for what I have in mind, that’s a secret for right now. But trust me, you’ll love it.”
“I have no doubt, I will,” he replied, grinning at me rather than Izzie, who was now walking toward us.
“What are you two talking about?”
“Nothing other than how Apolo agrees with us on having the wedding and the reception here.”
“Reception here?” Izzie looked confused.
“Don’t ask me. I’m just along for the ride.” Apolo shrugged.
“Trust me. I have an idea. Let me go with it. I’ll speak to the planners about it first. Get their reaction.”
“I told you, Caitlyn, you have free rein with our wedding.”
“I know,” I replied, grinning at him. “We’d better be going, right Iz?”
“Yep, let’s make these wedding planners earn their big fees.”
“You two sure you won’t stay and visit for a while?”
“No, we really do need to go. I just wanted Izzie to see the staircase.” I leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. “Call me later if you need me to come in today. If you don’t, I’m not coming in.”
“Enjoy your day, and I’ll call you later about dinner.” He pecked me on the lips and reluctantly led us to the front door.
“Later, Apolo. Love your place by the way. Next time I expect the grand tour.” Izzie smirked as she walked past him.
We drove on in silence towards our next appointment. Then, Izzie suddenly burst out laughing hysterically.
“What is so funny?”
“Oh, the look on his face. I don’t think the reality of this wedding thing hit him until now.”
“No, I don’t agree. He knows I wanted to do at least the wedding at the house.”
“Yeah, but have you discussed it like we were?”
“No, oh, I see what you’re saying. Until this morning, it was simply something he was to show up at. We made it more real by talking holding the reception there, too. Am I close?”
“Yep. This is going to be fun, Cait! I love to see him squirm.”
“You’re bad, Izzie, you know it?”
“Yep. I think Mr. Choice needs a little excitement in his life.”
“Well, he’s got plenty of that going on right now.” I pulled into the small parking lot. “But I have to agree with you. He needs all the excitement we can give him. I don’t want him thinking he’s marrying some meek, mild-mannered young woman.”
We walked into the building. Renee was pacing back and forth.
“Are we late?” I inquired, knowing full well we weren’t, but it was a way to put her mind at ease. “Or has wedding planner number one not shown up?”
“No, you’re not late, and your first candidate is here.”
“Early, then?”
“Yes. I was afraid that the next one might do the same thing, so I decided to wait out here.”
“Well, let’s go scope her out. Oh, Renee, you haven’t met my friend, Izzie. My maid of honor.”
She smiled in Izzie’s direction. “Nice to finally meet you, Izzie. I’m glad Caitlyn has someone sane in her corner to help her through this.”
“I don’t know how sane I am Renee, but hopefully I can keep her head from spinning off like a top.”
“I’m sure Mr. Choice would appreciate that.” I thought I saw Renee crack a slight smile. Something she didn’t do very often. Everything in her job surrounding Apolo, she took quite seriously. Literally.
For approximately the next three hours, Izzie and I sat through presentation after presentation from the wedding planners. Each had their own unique style and ideas.
Though I knew Apolo had given me free rein to spend whatever I wanted, I decided it best not to let the planners know that. Izzie had agreed with me. Therefore, I set a spending limit. It was an obscene amount in my eyes. However, I had done some research on weddings of the rich and famous and decided I could come in low ball. The amount still brought them in wide-eyed.
Izzie and I sat back and stared at each other after the final wedding planner had left. Now, I would have to decide, but I knew Izzie was as exhausted as I was.
“Can I interest you in lunch? Renee made an open reservation for whenever we finished.”
“Yes, I’m famished after all that!” she exclaimed, standing from the chair she had been seated in and stretching her long frame.
“Me, too. Let’s freshen up first. We’ll compare the three while we eat.”
We were shown to an out-of-the-way table. Perfect for conversation, away from the hustle and bustle of the restaurant. Placing my phone down in front of me, I saw a text from Apolo. He was inquiring over the selections Renee had made. Oh, and would I like to meet him for lunch. I quickly answered, reminding him this was girl’s day.
“Okay, Apolo out of our hair, let’s talk wedding planners, Izzie. I think it is safe to say that number three is most certainly a no. Don’t you agree?”
“One hundred percent. You don’t have to convince me.”
A waiter approached our table for our drink order. “I think this calls for a glass of wine. We’ve earned it.” I ordered us each a one before turning to my menu. “Why don’t we go ahead and order now? You know what you want? My treat.”
“I think I’ll have the grilled salmon,” Izzie replied. Skimming the selections one last time, I decided on the same.
“Okay, what did you think of the first planner, Iz? I really liked her ideas. Plus, she was quite open to my ideas and not pushy.”
“True, but can she handle your mother?”
“Can anyone handle my mother? What I’m hoping is to have everything worked out before she gets back here. That way she can’t go changing a thing.”
“The second planner had too many far out ideas and didn’t seem very receptive to only a small party.”
“That’s what I came away with. The reception afterward is going to be obscene enough as it. You know, by the time the place is decorated, the cake, booze, food and flowers…it’ll all be more than enough to handle. Plus, I want something more traditional and toned down. I mean with Apolo now a senator, I don’t need far out stuff.”
“Although, could you imagine your mother’s face if you chose some of the things that third planner had in mind?” Izzie snorted at the idea.
“Well, I don’t need that, because along with her contorted face comes her attitude.”
“True. She’s going to be miffed enough for not being included in all this.”
“Well, she needs to get a grip,” I replied as I paused for the waiter to deposit our wine glasses on the table. “This is Apolo’s and my wedding, not hers. I don’t care if she does spew about my being her only daughter. She doesn’t know when to stop.”
“I know. I know. Your mother is one of a kind. Say, has Apolo even dropped a hint about proposing? I know you said you suspected something in Washington. Anything since then?”
“No, nothing. He needs to hurry it up. The wedding will be here before you know it, and I meant what I told him Izzie. If he wants to marry me, he has to propose.”
“Come on, Caitlyn. Surely you won’t back out just because he doesn’t propose?”
“No proposal, no wedding, Izzie. If I haven’t made that clear enough to him, I don’t know how else to. Postponing would be a last resort.”
“He’ll come through. Don’t you worry. I have faith in Apolo. However he’s going to do it, it’s going to be unique.”
“Well, he’d better get with it. Anyway, let’s get back to these two wedding planners. Or should I say one. I believe we’ve decided. I’ll put in a call later this afternoon. I don’t want to call too soon. Let them all stew a bit.”
“That’s my girl. We know all three of them are chomping at the bit, so to speak, for a chance to do this wedding and reception.”
“Yes, they are. It would be a real plus for their careers. Anyway, I’m going to check in with Renee when we finish here then I thought we could go look at wedding dresses, if you’re up to it.”
“Hey if you are, I most certainly am!”

* * * *

Izzie was right about the proposal. Apolo certainly went over the top to do the one thing I had asked of him. But that’s Apolo. He never does anything like the average Joe, which is one of the things I love about him. I never saw it coming, which meant in Apolo’s book, he had accomplished what he had set out to do—surprise me.
Apolo had feigned wanting to spend a weekend down at his cabin a couple of weeks after Izzie and I had met the wedding planners. We hadn’t been since the last time. He said he wanted for us to relax one last time before the madness of the wedding and our move to Washington were upon us. I had to agree. Things had gotten hectic since our return.
I, for one, wanted the opportunity for the get-away, since my mother had returned. She had heard all about the wedding. She had arrived armed and full of her own ideas. I purposefully put my phone on vibrate so I wouldn’t have to take her calls, or I could at least screen them. She would quickly get the hint that Apolo and I were out of town and unreachable.
We packed his SUV one Thursday afternoon, four hours ahead of my mother’s scheduled arrival at the house. We spent the time on the road just enjoying each other’s company. We chatted about nothing in particular, enjoying the scenery and good weather. I loved to see Apolo relax. It wasn’t often he got the opportunity. Our move to Washington meant there would be fewer and fewer opportunities for these simple pleasures.
Having fallen asleep on the ride, I woke to Apolo gently shaking me as he pulled in front of the gate leading to the cabin. “We’re here, sleepyhead.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do that to you, Apolo.”
“That’s quite all right. You’re allowed. That’s what this weekend is for. Relaxing.” He pulled in front of the cabin and shut off the engine. Unfolding his lean frame, he walked to the back of the vehicle to begin unloading our stuff. I opened the door and joined him.
I noted a particular smugness about him as he put his key into the front door lock. I blew it off as typical Apolo. He opened the door and motioned for me to go inside. I passed in front of him, noting to myself that the smugness was still on his face, though he was attempting to hide it. Alpha male, no doubt about it.
It was dark inside. All the drapes were pulled, keeping any daylight out. He entered and shut the door behind him. Then, he flipped one of the main switches that lit up one of the ceiling lights to the living room. When he did…
Inside, there were roses in all imaginable colors on every table in the room. It looked like a rose garden. There were white candles scattered everywhere, though none were lit. I looked around in awe.
“This is beautiful! What’s the occasion?” I asked, dumbfounded.
“No occasion, other than I wanted to surprise my favorite girl one last time before the madness begins. Go on, keep walking through the place. I’m sure you’ll find this isn’t all there is.”
I smiled at him and turned toward the bedroom. At the threshold, I noted rose pedals scattered on the floor. The room once again had roses everywhere. This time all in red. Again with the white candles. It was all almost more than I could comprehend. As I neared the bed, I noted a bottle of champagne in ice.
“Like it?” I heard him ask.
“Yes. Very much so,” I replied, walking back to him. He was standing there, leaning against the doorframe. I wrapped my arms around his waist. “So, is the champagne for now or later?”
“Most definitely for now.” He leaned down and kissed me softly before moving over to the waiting champagne. He picked the bottle up out of the ice and began to uncork it.
I sat down on the edge of the bed and watched him. “I’m not even going to ask how you did this. But thank you.”
“Oh, this isn’t all there is, Caitlyn. Trust me.” The cork blew out with a familiar pop as it left the bottle, and he poured us each a flute. He handed me one, picking up the other in his free hand. “To us, Caitlyn. I love you more than any woman I’ve ever met, and I will treasure our life together.”
He was sitting next to me, our thighs touching and then some. He paused and took a sip of his champagne. I began to do the same, and for some odd reason, I looked down. Something in the glass caught my eye. I took a sip, deciding to play coy for a moment longer. Then, I picked the flute up and saw on the bottom the largest, most exquisite diamond ring ever. I glanced over at Apolo. Our eyes locked.
“You need to finish your champagne, sweet.”
“Apolo, what have you done?”
“Done? What have I done? Only what you required of me, Caitlyn. Now please, hurry and finish your champagne. I have something I wish to ask you.”
I carefully gulped down the rest and pulled the ring out with my fingers. It was a magnificent, huge, canary diamond with smaller ones surrounding it. Set in platinum, I assumed.
Apolo promptly took it, as well as the glass, from me. He got off the bed and down on his knees. He had the ring in one hand, taking my left one with his other. “Caitlyn White, would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?” He looked up at me, poised to put the band on the intended finger.
“Yes!” I replied. “Yes, I’ll marry you.”
He slid the gargantuan ring into place. “Beautiful. Just like I knew it would be on you.” He stood up, bent over, and kissed me with such passion I thought for sure I would lose my breath. “Thank you, Caitlyn. You’ve made me the happiest man alive.”
“Thank you, Apolo, for making this moment so special.”
And so he’d proposed as I requested. We had the most memorable time that weekend. As usual, he didn’t fail me. It was all unique and Apolo. I could go on and tell you all about it, but that’s really between the two of us.
Now we had a wedding and reception to hold. Not to mention moving to Washington and the beginning our lives together as husband and wife.

*The End*

About the Author
In the three short years since Jamie Salisbury began publishing her Romance stories, she has seen her books soar to #1 on Amazon. Her novel, Life and Lies was nominated for a 2014 RONE in the Erotica category. 
Her previous career in public relations has afforded her with a treasure trove of endless story ideas. In her spare time she loves to travel.

Author's Website: http://www.jamiesalisbury.com/
Other titles by Jamie Salisbury:

Rockin' the Boss
Life and Lies
Where Love Takes Us
The Heart Knows
Love Will Find A Way
Encore!
Archangel
Tudor Rose
Tudor Rubato
Tudor Reunion Tour
Tartan Deadlines
Perpetual Love
Timeless Sojourn
Choice Affairs
Choice Desires






