City
of
Dead Dreams

-

DAVID DANIEL

CITY OF DEAD DREAMS
© 2019 David Daniel
All Right Reserved
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the permission of the publisher.

DEDICATION
This book is dedicated to my mother and whoever believed in me. 
Chapter One
The Genesis
“Too long have I lived among those who hate peace. I am a man of peace but when I speak, they are for war”.
The city of Calabar south witnessed terror, chaos and panic attacks as a result of these hooligans. Everyone in this city dreaded Loco and his gang, Loco was the quiet one but his mind echoed violence whenever he was triggered. He like most cultist was not capable of achieving a logical conclusion, he only thought how they wanted him to. He never thought for himself, he was just a lamb to a stake and had to do exactly as they said, or he pays the debt. 
Loco was from the west but he grew up in Calabar south. He was a young and gifted child in his early days and had dreams that included touring the world in his older days. He was very productive and was convinced to become a medical doctor, he hated the victimization of the environs and swore to do everything within his ability to keep the people alive but what he didn't know was that it was easier to dream these things than it was to bring them to fruition, especially in a city like Calabar south where dreams don’t thrive. 
The city of Calabar south has been under a siege since the day I was born, the city had sore highlights of murder plus rape and victimization didn’t escape its headline. The city had a lot to offer when it came to unrest and restlessness; chaos, mayhem and violence was a watchword in this city where people weren’t guaranteed longevity both in existence and productivity. When you make it here, you get treated like a king. Every young man in this city had a clique and if you were not a gang, you cannot hang with them. In this city, cultism seemed like an oxygen bag to its citizens and only a few youths were not members of a confraternity, and where a person wasn’t a member, it was considered a rare feat for such a person. In this city, children grew up to be emotionally torn, ill-bred and dissociated from the realities of things, guns had the upper power in the chain of things, they people loved and worshipped it. Every boy who grew up in this city had a tendency to be violent, violence was a norm to most and even the elderly people were scared of the outcomes due to the various cases of homicides that they witnessed. Mothers dreaded the destinies of their sons and they were not to blame when their sons sought succour in armed robbery, cultism, sexual predation, vandalism of properties and heinous activities. Nothing ever changed in the scenery, it was always an outcry in every yard, mothers looked at their children and regretted in their hearts that they ever took in.
Every neighbourhood had people they feared, these people knew it and did nothing but incite violence at will. Unfortunately, people grew up idolizing these people. So, by the time they got murdered, they were already young people lining up to replace them without a need for selection. It was a subconscious act that served as a balance to replace every deceased hooligan, a wheel that killed dreams, inhibits aspirations and other narratives forever. It was a constant reminder of pains and brutality, these people were residing next to pain in a city where the crime was considered the safest way of living. 
The first day I witnessed a murder, I was just 6 years old, I had people who saw it as well that were about my age that grew up to lay siege to the city and romanticize violence. They didn’t know better, no one ever told them that these things had a consequence whether good or bad. I had childhood friends who lost their lives to this street, it is such a painful reminder that makes me sick to the stomach whenever the memories of their untimely deaths flash before my eyes, what they saw in violence was a window of opportunities but what they failed to see was that some window of opportunities comes with closed curtains.



Chapter Two
Tales of A City
It is no news that a lot of young people between the ages of 10 and 40 years old were given to drugs and alcoholism in this city. Every time new dawn took its course, another mother’s son was lost. Regardless, children of these sad parents were always found doing something that will make their parents bury them. The various political leaders in all their majesty and might always exploited these young men for their political ambitions, these young men were heavily funded and armed to kill their oppositions, maim whoever stood in their way and loot ballot boxes on election day.
Mothers prayed for their children with every opportunity they had, fathers blamed their inability to cater for their various families as a trigger for their children taking to vices, the people had a constant electric supply in some streets but they were never free of this darkness that crept in at will and stole their joy away. Living in this chaotic city took more than courage as every day was a new day to lose someone dear, everyone who lived by the gun knew a lot better to say their last prayers since each passing moment meant that their last breath was near. Sons who weren’t ready to join the various gangs were victimized against their will to partake in this hooliganism and cult follower-ship, before our frail minds and our dying days, our dreams turned to nightmares with every passing day. 
Every day we heard tales of cruelty and witnessed the various forms of murder in the streets, siblings were killing siblings to create an atmosphere of superiority in their kinship, mothers were looking older than they were as a result of restlessness and painfully, fathers took to drinking to escape the pains. Regretfully, the best people in the suburb of this city were drug addicts and junkies. Somehow, I can’t deny that they had a beautiful heart and a beautiful mind, even though, they did drugs and stayed high they had ideas that could peak if only they had a little reservation and self-control when it came to violence and social vices, the clergymen preached peace and forgiveness to these people but they were too far gone to slow down. 
The occupants of this city were mostly low-income earners predominated by storekeepers, school teachers, cobblers, farmers, preachers and a host of others who made a living from menial labour, families struggled to stay together, divorce and drunkenness was a mainstay as well. The city witnessed slow progress in the educational, public and the health sector. Is it alright, if we blamed it on the leaders who did nothing about it but sponsored murder, hooliganism and violence in the streets?
Loco was just 16 years old when the hoodlums realized his potentials and recruited him into their fold, little did they know that by taking him under their wings that they were limiting his aspirations and dreams. He lost sight of his vision the very day he was handed a pistol, he felt the kind of power and surge that he never knew he possessed, he became disconnected with emotions and deaden his conscience in an attempt to please the outlaws. Where he grew up, pains meant loving and to torment a person was considered clement. Nights were the moment of the day that every young man feared for himself as nights were the furtherance of the plots were young men lost their lives and people lost their life’s savings and properties to these hoodlums. When the night went out without a household being victimized, they did more than heave a sigh of relief but when a courtyard got raided, they did more than wailing and putting words out on the streets, the security agencies were powerless and the emergency response centres never showed up at a crime scene when the heat was on, they always showed up later to harass and arrest the innocent people that they could find at a crime scene when the actual perpetrators were gone.
In everything Loco did, he always wondered what it will feel like to have the whole neighbourhood worship him, he was just a child when he was handed the firearm by his gang, maybe he was young but he wasn't without blemish by the time he started killing for fun, he grew in ranks and in notoriety with every shot he took. During his school days, he was constituting nuisance and orchestrating truancy, he saw nothing wrong with being wayward and skipping classes before he eventually dropped out of school and chased the life of the wild, he just wanted to be around those he could feel loved and cared for. The hoodlums did everything to show him that they loved him and sincerely, he never received any of such love and attention from his parents. I could remember the first day he told his parents of his intentions to become a painter, they told him that he cannot run the world by just handling paintbrushes and applying paints to canvas. His parents did everything to tone down his dreams of becoming an artist when they told him that if one wasn't a doctor or lawyer, that in-between one was just another loser, those words kept resounding in his head, he felt dejected and misunderstood. And from that day henceforth, he started questioning his worth. He never wanted to be a gangster, he just wanted to paint beautiful pictures of beautiful moments to put a lasting smile on the people's faces. He never wanted to be a loser, he just wanted to help the people, that is why it was easier for the world outside to get to him when the world inside talked down on his dreams of becoming a painter and made him feel like he was worthless unless he was chasing their own dreams.

Chapter Three
Gang Wars
Loco was green and unable to come up with an independent decision at this point in time but he still had to deal with all of these problems on a human level, he really needed someone to talk to but the only people available were the people who saw peace in violence. They got to him first before the church or school could, he followed them because they told him that he could be anything he wanted to be and he just wanted to be happy with being whoever he chose to be. He didn't want judgment from people who treated his existence as an extension of their own selves, he didn't want this life he lived but he was happy with being this guy, he was feared and he had no right not to feel like a king in this city.
Every day as a gangster, Loco woke up with a wry smile, it was never his intention to terrorize the same neighbourhood he once loved. He felt judged whenever he stumbled on the skimming eyes of the people scanning him, he never wanted to be seen or treated as a failure, it was for this same reason that he ran into a man on a sunny day and took his life away. He was remorseful after that but it happened again and again till he got rid of the first awkwardness of being a killer. Eventually, he lost touch with his humanity and was quick to end a life under the slightest provocation. He wasn't always like this and looking at it from another perspective, he did everything he did in a bid to feel loved. His naivety and gullibility were what the older men who saw nothing with evil fed on. He was always available to do their dirty works for a peanut, he never had a mind of his own, he thought just how they wanted him to and you wouldn't be wrong if you think that he was being mummified.
The ever-presence of religious activities in every building in the city didn’t help in preaching sanity to these callous minds, they were young, wild and entrapped in this blood lust journey of theirs. Nothing gave them joy like waylaying people, carting people’s goods and breaking into houses to steal, kill and to destroy. The incessant occurrence of these cult clashes also cost a lot of lives in this city, the death toll inflated as a result of this but the security agencies were rather focused on extorting from the innocent motorist who was going about their business than restoring peace to a city that was besieged by penury, chaos and cultism. 
It was one of these various cult fracases that drove Loco to leave the city to an unknown location in order to plan his reprisal on a rival gang away from the lurking eyes of its members. He was in his hideout when he received a call from an unknown caller informing him that his mother was being harassed by some boys in the neighbourhood, he couldn’t believe what he heard and his heart was pounding so heavily that you could see his heart beating through his shirt. He didn’t know what to do as he paced back and forth with his hands on his head feeling helpless, he was clearly troubled and the lack of answers left him feeling numbed and shattered on the inside, he felt like he traded his family’s safety for his and it made him feel really selfish. He couldn’t contend with the voices in his head that were reminding him that he traded his family’s happiness for his protection, he regretted ever leaving the city without ensuring his family’s safety, he didn’t expect them to go after his family in his absence, he didn’t know what to do but his thoughts and prayers were with his family as he hoped for supernatural intervention. 
He contemplated what to do and nothing came to his head and he was at the verge of breaking down completely when it hit him that he still had some of his men in his city, this thought sprang up some hope in him. So, he rang up his boys and told them about his mother's predicament and they became enraged upon receiving the news and headed to his family's house under his command. He instructed them to shoot down whoever the culprits were since he wasn't physically present. Upon their arrival, they sighted a boy exchanging words with Loco’s mother in a life-threatening manner, one of them shot him in the head from a long-range and confirmed that he was dead by putting a bullet three times to his chest when he drew closer. The atmosphere was torn in two and confusion filled the air as Loco's mother rushed forward to grab the boy who was now lifeless and covered in cold blood, they just shot her son and he was only 13 years old. The men in colourful attire killed Loco's brother under his own command and order in the most gruesome manner, Loco had put the call across but he wasn't aware that the life he knew best will someday come back to bite him in the fart-hole.
For the first time in years, Loco was caught offside shading a tear upon receiving the news of his brother's sorrowful demise, he couldn't believe that what happened was a direct result of his inability to ask questions before prancing into action. His own brother's death exposed his supposed bragging rights of a ‘mastermind.’ I guess that it is not a funeral if who we lost is a juvenile. Loco wasn’t a strong man, he was just another weak man who loved to pick on the weaker man. In all his evil and vainglorious ways, he would never have believed that someday he will be visited by the cruel news of the loss of his love one, talk less of being the architect of their own death. He blamed his boys for the menace, even though, it was his fault. He hated to accept that he could ever mastermind such a failure, he hated to admit that he was the maker of his own downfall, he was embittered and he carried on the pains for as long as the memory stayed. He felt like he shouldn't be that person that dumps pains on his own people, I think the news of death isn't really painful when it happens to other people who aren't our own people, Loco learned this the harder way as usual. He couldn't sleep for days and the entire time he fought to catch his breath, he was panicking and losing his sanity at about the same time. He kept wishing it was just a mare that will sweep away at dawn but each day, he woke up to the sad reality that he was the architect of his younger brother's death.



Chapter Four
END OF AN ERA
The death of Loco’s younger brother really changed him, but for the worst though. He became crueller and crueller to his people, he stopped at nothing to bring chaos and unrest to his people. He no longer held back himself from inflicting pains on the same people he once loved and cared for. Those who could afford safety somewhere else fled the city as Loco became more blood-lusting and mentally-raving. He stopped at nothing to take away the lives of people whose existence meant something to other people, he wasn't shooting blanks, he was shooting to kill. He wasn't only losing his mind, he was also going against the very tenets of his brotherhood. Hell broke loose the day he killed the leader of his gang and wiped away his entire family before everybody's eyes, the leader of his gang was Papoose. The neighbourhood called him Papi for short, honestly, he was. A 4 feat 3 inches man with a great sense of humour and his Ukka (local rifle) constantly hanging over his shoulder was Papi. The thought of Papi incited fear in the hearts of men who ever saw his face, I was only 6 years old when I saw Papi running the neighbourhood, it didn't matter who you were or how old you were, you were his slave in this street. He took the entire city in his nest and the city first came to know a siege as a result of his ordeals, he killed whoever he willed and walked around the city like he wasn't capable of dying. I remember the day he died though, Loco axed him to death in front of his wife and kids. After killing him in such a dehumanizing way, he proceeded to shoot every member of his family in front of the people. It was both a mournful and a joyful day to the environs, they were happy for the death of Papi and they were also mourning his death knowing that the new leader of the cartel will likely be Loco. I guess nobody, including the unborn children were ready for Loco’s reign as numerous cases of miscarriages were recorded the following day. 
Where I'm from there are no opportunities, the day Papoose died was a Wednesday as the neighbourhood said, Loco was just having a drink with him and telling him about his heinous activities on this day and everything went on smoothly till Papoose told Loco of his intentions to leave the cartel. At first, Loco thought that Papi was just joking as usual but Papoose was firm in his resolution to give up on that life. He said that he could no longer head a group of bandits after becoming a father of five. In his own words, he said that his kids deserved a better dad who will give them a better life. Those lines didn't resonate well in Loco's mind. Loco maintained his composure and blamed everything Papi said on the alcoholic drink he was sipping. Everything Papi said only struck Loco as a farce, he knew Papi for his jest and humour but Papi saw through Loco's unconvinced stance and decided that it was best to make it clearer to him by taking off the bracelet which signified the mantle of his leadership and placed it on Loco's wrist. Loco was triggered, all his life, he was looking up to Papi as his godfather and he couldn’t understand why Papi like anyone else he ever loved will choose to neglect him like his life was worth nothing to them, he begged Papi to reconsider his decision of leaving the gang to no avail. 
He had no other option on the menu than to become Loco the ‘giant’ slayer, no one saw this coming, not even the soothsayer. Papi during his younger days used to be a terror but on this day, Papi the predator became the prey as the whole neighbourhood witnessed his death, Loco showed no compassion when he axed Papi into segments and threw the carcass into the mud. It was raining heavily on this day but it didn't wash away the sad memories associated with the word Papoose from my mind, Loco didn’t want to kill Papi but in the eyes of his gang, he didn't want to look like a weak man neither, he hated the sound of that and did everything to gain their unwavering support by reassuring them of his undying loyalty for the Mamba confraternity. Again, Loco was a killer on the loose and after his younger brother’s death, he swore on his grave that no one will stand on his way. Now that Papoose was out of the way, the throne became his own to take but everyone whose loved one he had killed saw him as a traitor who was unfit to lead.



Chapter Five
Food For Trust
A coronary ceremony was organized to ordain Loco as the king of the outlaws and the priest asked him a few questions to know his faith. 
"My son, do you believe in heaven and hell?" the preacher asked. 
"I believe in Heaven and Hell sir!" Loco replied as the witnesses were wrapped up in surprise.
"When I see a beautiful day, receive a great head, lay a beautiful woman, have a great meal, drink a glass of sweet wine and achieve perfection in all I do, that is HEAVEN to me sir but when my love one dies, my family questions my worth and I feel empty inside, that is Hell to me", Loco continued. 
"Dear preacher, growing up in a place like this where nothing is certain except crime showed me a clearer view of hell, a city like this where they steal, kill and destroy our dreams is nothing but hell to me. Everything around me and within me right now is hell to me, telling me that when I die that there is no heaven for me is another hell for me. You put me through hell when you ask me to deny the flesh of all it needs. All the things I love that makes me happy is considered a free ticket to hell to you and it makes me understand that heaven is not a place for people who loves and wants happiness. I understand that you don’t have to do bad to be in hell and that hell isn’t a place you go to if you intend to find bad people. Hell is a place where good people go for living differently and embracing their true nature as humans. Heaven is a place for people who would have loved to live differently too but feared the consequences of understanding their inner energy. Heaven is not for earthlings, hell is not for human beings and earth is not for heavenly beings. Again, these things are not enough on their own when you think about it. I hope that I have answered your question sir", Loco concluded. The preacher wasn’t satisfied with Loco’s responses but he knew that it was better to let him have his way than to incur his wrath on his coronation day, it was a big day in the lives of everyone present and he wasn’t ready to see things go south on his own account as a preacher, he urged everyone present to pray and beg God for his mercy and protection over their lives and that of Loco, there was a deafening silence in the congregation by the time he was done talking. 
No one was ready for a new ‘king of the city’ after Papi’s death. Papoose reign still had a fresh scar on the people’s mind and they were still in shock and wrapped up in a state of utter confusion owing to the horrific murder of Papi who was nothing but a symbol of fear to his people, they were torn in between partaking in an uneventful celebration to usher in Loco as their new leader and a countless number of unanswered questions attached to what will come with his leadership. 
They were happy that Papi was dead but they were not ready for his killer taking his place, the thought of Loco ruling the bandits and spearheading the leadership of the deadliest gang in the city caused them to panic, they wanted peace after Papi’s death, they wanted the government to intervene and put a stop to everything they were going through, they couldn’t understand why Pharaoh will kill Pharaoh to have his throne, it was unruly to think that such a young man will resort to axing an old man to death just to have his seat. A lot of people never thought that Papi was capable of dying, talk less of dying that way, some saw it as karma in play, some saw it as the universe balancing itself and others saw it as God paying Papi back for all his evil ways. The coronary event left nothing but tears in the eyes of the people, they didn’t like Papi but at least they knew what to expect of him, they weren’t ready for a new reign if it will only prolong the terror and pains. Mothers were visibly shaken, fathers were drowned in the bottle of whatever it is they were drinking, young girls were weeping and nobody present was truly happy, or maybe the children were. The children were clearly happy and having a good time as they weren’t aware of what was going on. There was no government official present at Loco’s coronation, there were no security agencies to ensure peace and security at the event too. 
In such a lawless society, conflict was treated as a commodity and a lot of people’s livelihood depended on it. The occasion had periodic gun bangs to honour the event, the children loved it and were left wondering what it will take to own guns themselves and how it will feel like to fire shots from a gun. The possibility of seeing children around the world admiring crime is high as they hope to become exactly what they see growing up. Well, if children cannot see the light, then the future is blind and maybe the next generation will never make it out of the dark.
The deafening silence went on and on till the preacher had to remind them for the fifth time to pray for themselves, the growth of the people and Loco became the new king of the city’. And this time, the silence died out and everyone closed their eyes in unison and prayed to God to keep them alive, nobody mentioned Loco in their prayers, nobody cared about his life and the untold sorrows it might bring to theirs. When everyone was done praying, the preacher said Amen to all their prayers and proceeded to the reason that they were gathered there, he asked Loco to step forward and place his right hand on the holy book, when that was done, he asked him to bow his head in reverence to the highest and pledge his allegiance to the people, which he reluctantly did. This act of callousness of his angered his people but they couldn’t openly rebuke him, or show their resentment as they were powerless, it didn’t matter how many they were, he could have them killed if he wanted. They knew it and avoided it. No one will live to share the story if Loco was spat in the open. They understood this and did everything to avoid landing on his bad book as he wasn’t the type of person who had a room for disrespect.
Loco was smiling mischievously upon noticing the looks on the people’s faces, it felt really good to be the one to call the shots, he knew the power he wielded and the respect that accompanied it. His patience grew thin and he ordered the preacher to skip to the last thing he had to do to pronounce him the ‘king of the city’, the preacher was terrified at this point and did as he was told. He asked everyone gathered to be on their feet and maintain an ovation for the new king as he ordained Loco the new leader of the outlaws, several gunshots were fired into the thin air upon the pronouncement of  Loco as the king of the city by the youths, women danced in circles to the songs of victory chanted by the men to show their support and children were also caught up in the frenzy and bewilderment. Members of his confraternity also offered their rites, poured libation and danced around an enclosed fire to honour their new kingpin.
The people had so much to eat and drink during this ceremony and still had enough to save for later, the dancing and chanting continued till nightfall and more drinks and food were brought to keep the people entertained. For the first time in a long time, the people really appreciated a change of power, a lot of them wished that every day will be like this. I guess food has a way of giving people a new meaning to life, or maybe hunger is the real reason why less is more to a lot of folks because even when the day passed away, the memories stayed and everyone embraced the new reign except Nuno. 
Nuno was the right-hand man of Uncle Usang, he was just 2 months old when his mother abandoned him by the roadside and with the aid of the church, he grew up in an orphanage around the district of Uwanse. By the time he came of age, he was taken into custody by Uncle Usang and knowing that the church had a hand in his sustenance, he was forever thankful. Nuno was only 14 years old when Uncle Usang took him under his wings and exposed him to the life of the street, he was the most reliable person in the world to Uncle Usang and he always did all his bidding without question. He was an image of fear that went in and out of prison, he had a tiny stature but that didn't stop him from taking a liking to everything that was punishable by law.
In Uncle Usang’s eyes, Nuno always wanted to be that guy that was trustworthy and worthy of trust, he killed too many people as a hit-man and not even the world's fastest calculator could keep up with the count. He was in and out of the city just like he was in and out of prison and the entire time he was always engaged in vices, he never saw a classroom but he was frequent in school environment selling drugs. You see, this is a lesson to parents who don't want to take part in their children's life, especially those who never wondered why their kids always came home late from school, while some school pupils skipped classes for videos games, some took delights in other vices. I guess that you already know that the group most children join in school isn’t always a reading group but a gangster group, Nuno was doing the same thing in every school, he showered the children with love and then introduce the troubled life to them and poisoned their infant minds. 
Nuno introduced the children to drugs and how to push it within the walls of the school and the world outside, he was that beast that you do not want to double-cross, he had a pack of ice in place of his heart. A junkie, hit-man and a gross executioner of the Mamba confraternity was Nuno and he wasn’t happy when the preacher enthroned Loco to be the new leader of the outlaws. To him, Loco was just a newbie to the street and he couldn’t understand why it was Loco and not him, he never liked Loco but he never had the courage to approach him because he knew what Loco was capable of. Loco was more of a doer than a talker, which was his direct opposite, Nuno loved to talk and brag about his abilities and how many people he had killed, Loco didn’t. 
Nuno was sad that he wasn’t the chosen one. In his head, he did all he did just to rise to this throne and yet he was denied of his rightful position as the oldest faithful of the Mamba. “Why was Loco chosen and not him, what did Loco do in the street that he didn’t, why was he denied after all he did to prove his loyalty?” He asked this and a lot of questions and swore that he won’t be alive and be denied. Nuno wasn’t the kind of person to let things slide, and so, he spent the rest of his waking days plotting the downfall of Loco. 
Loco was still nursing the loss of his brother and had little time to think about who liked him and who didn’t, this life of violence he knew best was all fun and games till that day he passed an order that ended up killing his own blood brother, the demise of his younger brother really left him feeling helpless, it placed a limitation on how much happiness he could feel when the trauma overwhelmed him. He will stare at the pictures of himself and his late brother hanging on the wall and grief backed by torrential emotions will get the best of him. When that happens, he will hit himself so hard on the cheek and wish he never gave that order that took his younger brother’s life away. During times like this, he will pace back and forth in sheer emptiness wishing he could bring back his late brother to life. 
Loco stayed away from the crowd to nurse his woes in the dark, he had no need for company, he walked alone in his solitude and the only time he was found in a place was to carry out his primary assignments as assigned to him by his gang. On some days, he didn’t want to leave his abode but that will mean that he will fail in performing the rites of his fold, sadly, the price of disobeying the rites of his fold will be his life. It wasn't worth the risk, he came to accept after taking some times off to clear his mind. He chose to live and he did all the dirty works assigned to him without question, it wasn’t easy at first, he still felt low spirited every now and then but with a constant struggle with himself, he came to accept that what happened wasn’t entirely his fault and he moved on with his life.
Chapter Six
A Slave To Pride
Everyone felt a certain kind of peace that they have never known before the reign of Loco, maybe even the worst people in life have some good left in them, Loco’s loyalty wasn’t determined by money or the highest bidding, he had maximum respect for his name and whatever he did, he did it right. He was like the connoisseur of crime, everyone loved Loco and his kingship in the street except Nuno who was still bent on bringing him down. Coming from the murder-life, Nuno was a slave to pride, he didn’t care about the serenity that came with Loco’s reign, he just wanted to be the one on that seat at all cost. He was sure that he was being denied and that he had sacrificed enough for the street life, he was an outlaw all his life and his street credibility was one hundred. So, what exactly was needed for the selection that he didn’t have? All of these underwhelming thoughts left him feeling left out as he set out with mapped out plans to bring Loco down. 
Nuno decided to kill the woman Loco loved the most to spite him, he didn’t do it quietly, he made sure that everyone knew what he was up to. She was fast asleep when Nuno broke in and carried out this abhorrent act, he shot her multiple times in the back with her body facing the wall, no one else was at home when this happened. When he was done killing her and made way to leave; he licked his lower lips in fulfilment, shot several bullets into the thin air to announce his victory and then made his triumphant exit. The gunshots alerted the neighbourhood and by the time they could get to the scene, they only met a lifeless woman lying in a pool of blood. Those gathered could only look at her corpse, no one had the guts to touch her for the fear of what her son Loco could do to them. 
Loco received the news of his mother being executed by some unknown gunmen but he didn't budge, he was aware of Nuno’s plans and had smuggled his mother out of the city the previous night. The woman Nuno shot was not Loco's mother but rather the woman whom Nuno loved the most in this world, the same woman who raised him at the orphanage. The walls have ears and words were out on the streets that Nuno was carrying out a hit on Loco's mother due to Nuno’s inability to keep things to himself. Remember that Nuno was always loud about his business and that was a direct contrast between him and Loco, while Nuno was busy bragging to those who cared to listen about what he was going to do that night, Loco had moved in quickly and took his mother out of the house and replaced her with the woman who raised Nuno and took care of him till the day she died.
Prior to that night, Loco had visited the woman who raised Nuno during the day and told her that his mother sought for her presence urgently, she wasn't convinced about this but nobody in the neighbourhood says differently when the runner of the neighbourhood makes a request. So, she went with Loco to his mother's house and when she got there, he forced her to drink from a bowl which knocked her out afterwards and she was unconscious for hours before the same person she raised and took care of shot her multiple times in the back, she died from the shots and not the vegetable state. 
Nuno had killed the one person in the world he loved the most, she was his everything and more. When he learned of how she was killed, he couldn't believe that he was shooting the wrong person the whole time. He fled the city to another town after he realized that the woman he killed wasn’t Loco’s mother, he was scared for his life and he needed somewhere to hide from Loco till the smoke clears. He didn’t know where exactly he was heading when he began this self-exile but it was better to be on the run if it will keep him far away from Loco whose mother he had intended to kill. He should never have nursed such thoughts but he never liked Loco, he always thought that Loco was being treated specially at his own expense, he always wanted to hurt Loco in every way that he could, well, he has hurt Loco before but nobody knew. The day Loco’s younger brother died, Nuno was the one who put all that bullet in that young boy’s head. First, he shot him from a range and still did the same when he drew closer to ensure that he was dead. Nobody knew about it afterwards, because he killed everyone else who accompanied him to Loco’s house, he murdered them when they told him that he wasn’t supposed to shoot the poor boy, owing to the fact that they all knew Loco’s family members and the boy he shot was Loco’s younger brother. He killed them all to cover his track but he killed Loco’s brother out of his sheer envy and bitterness for Loco’s sudden rise to fame and power. Loco was the one who gave them the order to go to his house and kill whoever was harassing his mother but Nuno was the one who called Loco before then and told him that some young men were harassing his mother when he passed by Loco’s house and saw that Loco’s younger brother was exchanging words with his mother. Loco was out of town as at that time to plan his reprisal on the opposing gang and was in utter confusion as to what to do to save his mother upon receiving the news, so, he acted out of distress when he put that call across and asked them to execute whoever was harassing his mother. 
Loco was only trying to protect his family but Nuno took advantage of the situation and killed Loco’s younger brother knowing that Loco will take all the blame for what happened and see himself as his brother’s killer. Nuno was doing everything to leave Loco broken and distracted, everything he did was out of his hatred for Loco whom he considered being a neophyte in the street. Nuno was the one who killed Loco’s younger brother and also attempted to kill Loco’s mother, that is something he can never take back after doing and he knew that Loco will stop at nothing to have his head on a stick, he had to run to somewhere far away from where Loco’s shadow is. He was sweating under his feet, lost in a trance, panicking and constantly looking back to see if anyone was coming after him the whole time he was sitting on that 18-seater bus heading to Ibiono Ibom. Ibiono Ibom like Calabar south is also a city where the blood of misled young men formed tributaries in every junction. The two cities have its own highlights and similarities, Calabar south is the city where pains and murder don’t cease to be the case at any juncture and Ibiono Ibom is the city where the so-called strong men flee to during cult clashes and other periods of unexplained conflicts. As long as life goes, these two cities rested between a place of dysfunctional and an abyss and at this point, I don’t know if these cities are beyond restitution but I hope not by the time you unravel this story. 
Throughout the journey, Nuno hated himself for making such irrational moves, he should never have been envious of someone who took nothing away from him but he already made the mistakes that cost him his freedom. He knew that he was better a wanderer than to be seen around a city where people died like flies. So, he fled to this location and started serving a drug lord who had cartels in Silica and Dominica. He didn't want to die, he just needed another life to live. He did everything to please his new master, so that just maybe he could take him with him to South America. Nuno was truly feeling broken and ostracized by the time he realized that he killed his own mother while trying to kill Loco’s mother, she wasn't his biological mother but she loved and raised him like her own son. He couldn't believe that he was ever that stupid to want to kill someone just to hurt someone else, he cried whenever he could and when he was sure that no one was watching. He hated himself for his choices and his inability to accept that Loco was better placed to run the neighbourhood than he was, he thought about the way he shot the woman who took care of him when his biological mother abandoned him at the waste bin and he couldn't believe that he became the one thing he feared the most when he let the pressure get the best of him. While she lived, his biggest fear was letting her down but here he was, being the same person who laid her six feet down.
He was urged not to see it as he did by his new master when he was done narrating his ordeals to him. He couldn't stand his own thoughts whenever it came on, he wished he could do better while he was here but it wouldn't be long before their hideouts got raided and he died in a crossfire. There were a lot of questions that lacked answers; first, who let the words out that there was a drug cartel operating without the street government's approval? Secondly, who led the group of bandits that executed them and cart away their supplies? I wish that I could come up with answers to offer succinct feedback on this but I can't and it is for this reason that I wish that I was really an all-knowing like you would expect of me. 
Nuno was dead and there was more to this, whoever killed him and his gang must have studied them for weeks. It was a shoot out that cost nine lives, no one saw it coming, not even me. I guess, you will think that Loco had a hand in it, I know not for now but I'll let you think what you think but know that Loco broke down when he learned that Nuno had passed away, he couldn't believe that he didn't get to him first, he wanted to teach him a proper lesson without charging him a tuition fee. Loco must have made a lot of mistakes but at this point, he didn't like where his life was heading. His mother was now on the run and his father an alcoholic. He couldn't even believe that it was as a result of his indulgence that the whole city was under fire, he wished he was never born, if his birth will rob everyone of their happiness, he felt like the description of the devil was better than his own profile. He wished he could go back in time and change things, he got scared some times and wondered if truly he was loved and feared for who he was, or he was feared for the things he was capable of. He had to beat himself into bracing up with reality, he knew that he couldn't go back to being who he was or look at people with empathy, that wasn't what his superiors expected of him when they enthroned him as the king of the city, he was enthroned because they knew him to be tough. He couldn't afford to let out his weaknesses in the light, he told himself that whatever he did, he had no choice. 
The end of Nuno was just the beginning of Loco’s trust issues, he visited his mother from time to time to make sure that everything was fine, his mother wished that she could tell Loco of his true paternity but she didn't want to ruin his life any further. She tried to open up whenever he visited her but she stopped herself because she couldn't afford to incur his wrath. Whenever he asked her if she was good, she always had a word to convince him and he was happy that the one human he truly cared about was happy and comfortable.
I want you to know that the streets know how to kill the good in people and bring out the part of them that shows that Lucifer truly exists, Loco didn't know better, he was just following orders. He didn't know the damages that he was being a sole contributor to, he never had the opportunity to question things, he was just the sort to listen and to do as told from the men above. It is okay if you imagine him to be a very strong person but he was usually sad and confused about what to do and who he was, he often felt like he was on the wrong and it wasn't something he truly wanted, this always happened whenever things went wrong.
The raid of the biggest drug cartel in Ibiono Ibom was sponsored by men and women who were upset over the losses they incurred on a daily basis as a result of this cartel's operation, the presence of this cartel caused others to run at a loss as they were selling narcotics at such a cheaper rate for people at the black market. This caused others who had no affiliation with them to sell kilos of narcotics for peanuts by the middlemen, this didn't sit well with men and women who invested a lot into trafficking. What even got them upset the most was when they learned that this said cartel didn't have the street government’s approval and other cartels alongside their various lords reached out to them and told them not to be ruining the prices at the black market but the biggest cartel in this city as a result of their ignorance continued to make things difficult for others; so, the other cartels had no choice but to collectively harness their resources to clear out their competition. It was on this note that Nuno was caught in a shoot out on that day he passed away, he bled from nose to mouth and that was the end of him. 

Chapter Seven
The Revelation
Having not heard from Nuno and not knowing about his whereabouts for such a long time, Uncle Usang sent for Loco, he showed up and Uncle Usang offered some praises and prayers to the highest before proceeding to guide him on his duties and responsibilities as his new personal hit-man. Loco agreed with all his laid down rules, he had nothing to say in his defence, he was raised to follow orders and not to question things. The preacher finally learned of everything that happened within a couple of days between Loco and Nuno prior to his death through one of his mercenaries and had to ask Loco what truly led to it. Loco kept it straight and told him everything, he told Uncle Usang that even good people were susceptible to making bad decisions and that he already forgave Nuno when he learned of his death. 
Uncle Usang apologized to Loco and said that he didn't know that Nuno was locked out with anger when he appointed him as the leader of the outlaws. They parted ways that day with a common understanding and in a matter of days, Loco had him convinced of his loyalty. For this and more, Uncle Usang pulled Loco to his side and introduced him to the bigger world of business. Loco was more than happy with the opportunities, he had always wanted to meet men and women that truly mattered. This was a moment that he has been killing for, the moment he was awake for, he always wanted to wine and dine with the top dogs that called the shots in the city. His excitement at first was disturbing but he knew that it was best not to make a fuss about his achievements. At this moment and time, he realized that the whole time he was only looking out for the bigger things and that his new master was introducing him to the side of life he wasn't used to, a life he had to be ready for. He was thankful for this opportunity and to the man who gave him the shots, he was ready to do anything to prove a point. He was grateful for always being chosen by Uncle Usang who was an elder statesman in the Mamba confraternity and had the right to decide who was viable for the seat of leadership both in the state and in the street government. 
Uncle Usang grew to love and admire Loco’s loyalty so much that he didn’t miss Nuno’s absence as Loco was up to all the task assigned to him. Loco’s first hit as Uncle Usang’s wing-man was a woman in her prime who was 29 years old as at that time, she was coming home from work that uneventful evening when she got waylaid by Loco and his gang. He didn’t want to maim her as he was instructed to do if she failed to cooperate, doing that will be a slow and painful death and Loco wasn’t one who derived pleasure from watching his victims die this way. He held his composure and quizzed her, she was just a stripper who had erred her master, she had sold all the supplies in her possession but failed to return the proceeds to her master, Uncle Usang who had given her enough time to come up with ways to foot the deficits but she saw his kind gesture as a sign of weakness. Guess, it is commonplace for humans to try to extend people’s limits beyond what they could take.
What was more amusing was the fact that she thought that by having an amoral relationship with Uncle Usang, that it will act as a leverage to extort from him and meddle with his business, she should have known better. She has been serving him for 20 years and when he first brought her in, she was just 9 years old. I guess she got too comfortable dancing with the devil that she started dancing to a different tune of the same old song. 
Loco gave her a chance to set things right with Uncle Usang but she will rather talk about Loco’s waywardness and how he was too reckless not to know that the same man he killed to inherit his throne as the king of the city was his father. Loco didn’t like the sound of that, all his life he never wanted anyone analyzing his life, or treating him like he was worthless. He signalled his boys to excuse them, he pulled her to the side and asked her if she had had so much to drink but she scoffed and told him bluntly that his mother and the late Papi were childhood lovers when the city knew peace and what freedom was. 
Loco was enraged by the news of this, he didn’t want to believe that his own mother had kept this from him but on the flip side, he thought that maybe she was trying to outwit him and he became more enraged. He never liked to be placed in situations like this, he paced back and forth like he usually did when his emotions had the best of him but she just wouldn’t stop talking about Loco’s mother in such a demeaning model. Loco smiled and recited Psalm 120 verse 6 and 7 like he usually does before hurting someone. 
“Too long have I lived among those who hate peace. I am a man of peace but when I speak, they are for war”, he recited severally.
She didn’t know what was about to hit her, she kept talking till Loco could have it no more. He pounced on her, punched her severely on the nose, kicked her on her belly severally and watched her bleed for a while before he asked her again what exactly she meant with the wild accusations. It was rhetorical, he didn’t want her to talk back but she was a typical stubborn fly who said the same things over and over again without mincing words. At this point, Loco’s primal rage kicked in and he could barely hold it in, he did as his spirit willed and that meant inflicting her with more pains, she didn’t budge despite the torture and Loco had no choice than to put a bullet to her brain just to mute her. Loco will never be in a congregation where his mother was disrespected. He didn’t intend to kill her but Uncle Usang appreciated it as it will send a message to anyone else with an intention to toy with his business. She must have been dead, but it didn’t rid Loco of what she said, what if she was right, that will only mean that truly he is a very terrible person. Loco thought about it and decided that it wasn’t worth knowing the truth if it can’t change things. 
Loco had an unexplained affinity with Papoose before he axed him to death, he could remember him coming to their house as a child and whenever that happened, he could hear his crying mother in the other room. What if she wasn’t really crying and he was just too young to understand what was going on? But if his mother was truly crying, why was her face always glowing with smiles by the time Papi was leaving the house? When he was growing up, didn’t they say that late Papi and his mum were closely related, or they said something different and his young mind just heard what it heard? Loco asked a lot of questions to help him clear his head but it just helped him realize that he has always been just a pawn in the hands of time. He recalled the first time Papi came to their house and he heard his mother cry, he was just a child but he would have gone inside to know why if the door wasn’t locked from inside, he stood by the veranda waiting for when everything will return to normal, it did and his mother came out with such a broad smile and when he asked her later if she was crying when she and Papi were inside, she said that he was being funny and then simply denied. He wasn’t convinced but he had to let it slide when he couldn’t find traces of tears in her eyes.
What if it is true that Papoose was truly his father? What if it is exactly what Papoose was trying to tell him when he told him that he will do better as a leader since it was time for his father to make way for a new era. What if the woman he killed knew more and had more to say but he was too irked to hear her out? Again, what is the point of knowing if you can’t change things? He thought about this and more before he took to drinking.



Chapter Eight
The Pulpit Hustler
Before his death, the late Nuno was working for Uncle Usang who was also the preacher, there were tales in the city about the questionable things that the preacher was capable of doing but whenever these rumours came up, the people were quick to dismiss it, “Uncle Usang is God's anointed”, the people will readily defend him. Who am I to blame them? The preacher did a lot of good things that caused the people to look up to him; he offered them several opportunities to send their children to school, he funded arrays of community projects, donated regularly to the orphanage homes, provided water for the rural areas and supported single mothers to raise their kids as well.  The preacher never supported abortion and so whenever there were cases of teenage pregnancy in the neighbourhood, he will take them off the streets and cater for them till they came of age and he will make use of them in running his cartel. He donated clothes and food to the needy in the streets, he funded charitable organizations and equally organized funerals for those who died without children and relatives to bury them. 
The orphanage homes were his recruitment ground, he raided them of stubborn children and pretended he wanted to help turn their lives around for good but ended up using them to carry out his evil deeds. What some teenage mothers who fell prey to teenage pregnancy did to show their appreciation for the preacher’s goodwill was to offer themselves or their daughters to be used as pickup girls or drug traffickers, where they had sons, they presented them to the preacher as their mentor, Godfather and role model but this was only to help recruit them into his drug cartel.  
The preacher’s real name was Archibong Usang Udofia, but he was called Uncle Usang by everyone in the city due to his good deeds. Nuno was one of those unfortunate kids whom the preacher picked up from the orphanage home, he grew up to be his right-hand man and worked alongside other kids who performed their dirty task without leaving a trail. Uncle Usang represented a symbol of empathy, leadership and compassion to the people of this city, he did a lot of supposed good for these people that after God, he was next in line to be worshipped as a deity by these people. Uncle Usang was more popular among his people than Jesus Christ was to the Jews and Muhammad was to the Arabs. He was the voice of the ghetto with arms of intelligence, religious and social relevance; his people saw it and loved him for it. He saw through their hearts and kept on playing with their heads, he had various dignitaries in government establishments who came to him to send his hit-men to erase whoever they had a conflict with. He kept 60 per cent of the profits, gave 30 per cent to the hoodlums who carried out his dirty assignments and 10 per cent back to the society he was exploiting. 
The preacher was highly respected by the people; whenever he spoke, ears will listen and eyes will flood with tears as he was the only person who could offer them hope whenever he spoke but what they didn’t know was that he was busy scheming in the corridors of power to stay relevant in the business. What people saw when they looked at him was a saintly man who was not capable of sin. Isn’t it ironic how those who provide these hooligans with guns to orchestrate violence always come across to the rest of the world as heaven-sent? He didn’t fit the profile of abetting drug trafficking, human trafficking, child labour, hooliganism, assassination, smuggling of arms and ammunition, heist and illegal transactions, etc. He spoke beautifully, dressed majestically in priestly robes and walked saintly to barricade the common eyes from coming to terms with the evil and nuances he was carrying out in the dark. To the neighbourhood, he was their voice and to the hooligans, he was their boss. 
Shockingly, a lot of people didn’t know about this because whenever a problem arose, he was always the first to preach peace, even though, he was endorsing wars. He pretended to understand their plights and doing everything in his might to help restore the city to a saner clime. Truth is, he wasn’t, the office he occupied as a preacher was more political than religious, he was only answerable to those who put him in this position of power and not the people his deceits offered comfort to. The preacher was such an easy-going man with an ever welcoming arm, he was never caught up in public spats, he wasn’t the kind of person to judge a person and for this reason, a lot of people saw him as a therapist and a counsellor that they could run to with their problems. Could you believe that most of the robberies and criminal activities that took place in this city were of his own doing? Whenever a person visited him to offer praises or testified during a church service for the financial turnaround in their lives, he had them placed on his watch-list and made sure that they were robbed some weeks later. He wasn’t whom he sold to us, he wasn’t working for God, or whatever he sold to his people to buy their trust. He was working for himself and his dark thoughts and how he managed to keep the people in the dark about all of these is something that keeps me in the dark. 
Whenever there were problems in the city, all he saw was an opportunity to creep in and make a fortune off the people’s vulnerabilities. He wasn’t a man of God, he just had flowery words that helped him pass across his thoughts easily. He was a pulpit hustler and a pastorpreneur who was more concerned with what he could profit from the people’s losses, the church wasn’t a house of God where people went to for worship or a place where people ran into for safety as the building purported; the church acted as a hideout for criminals. That wasn’t all, the church basement was used for drug trafficking, human trafficking, underground clubhouse and a meeting ground for members of his drug cartel and the Mamba confraternity. Only members of the confraternity knew about this, his position in the street and his role in this city, the preacher decided who had a right to live, who held a certain political office, who was legible to trade in the city and who wasn’t. Underneath his priestly robes were firearms and ammunition he took with him wherever he went to, and whenever he was found in the house of a hoodlum pretending to preach, he was only there to empower them for a mission wherever the climate of the city begged for it. No one ever knew him for all of these, maybe except those he was working for and those working for him. 


Chapter Nine
A Safe-house
The preacher man wasn’t alone in this, he had a lot of well-placed people in the society who were endorsing these villainous activities to the world outside and profiting from the lack of order and confusion that was going on in the city. The cheesy-elites and vultures-in-suits did nothing about this insurgency, it is not like they couldn’t put a stop to what was going on in this city but they couldn’t afford to lose their position of power, the profits or the respect they received from belonging to the various gangs which only operated at dark hours. These political zombies were the same people who bought guns for these hoodlums and funded them with taxes collected from the poor citizens to carry out their dirty task. 
It breaks my heart to think about these things and I wish that I was never born at this moment and time, I have seen too many young men lose their lives doing the bidding of these greedy men and women, and on the list of such people who lost their lives doing this were Tobi, Emem, Udom, Bakare, Papoose, Nuno, Tukur, Imo, Ekpo, etc. I can’t list them all, the list is endless. You can’t paint a vivid picture of a city where dreams don’t thrive and leave out the salient details, there were people in the city who tried to make a difference any way they could but it didn’t always turn out right, there were poets and they were also rappers that only penned down verses that only perpetrated violence. Who am I to blame them if they decided to embrace whatever they witnessed in the verses of their songs? Calabar south was a wasteland for talents, if you were not gun driven, then you couldn’t get the people to listen. These people were inspired by lack and anger, the lack of resources just left them exercising their anger to their own detriments. When you exist in a place like this, life could be a lot to take. Funnily, guns don’t kill people but bullets do. These people were a product of their experiences, it could have been anyone killing anyone but it was the youths who had access to guns that were doing these dirty runs.
Uncle Usang wasn't always like this, he had a sad past to recount too. He was just taking his chances of survival in a city where it wasn't of his doing, he had men and women in power that he was answerable to. It was really heartbreaking for him to realize that he was imprisoning the same people he truly cared for but he couldn't do anything to help them as an attempt to restore peace in this city will cost his life. Uncle Usang just like Loco the leader of the Mamba confraternity was hands tight when it came to setting the people free. The day he ordained Loco as the new leader of the outlaws, it was against his own will, he was an original gangster who never wanted to be seen publicly supporting any movement of bandits but he had no choice than to do as the men at the top willed, the occupants of the city thought that he was acting under intimidation and coercion, and so, they didn't raise a brow when he was seen ordaining Loco at the playground of the famous community's primary school as the new leader of the Mamba confraternity.
Loco did all he could to reinstate peace in a place like this where youths were roaming in search of a new crime to make a headline, it wasn’t even as lightheaded as I choose to scribble here. In reality, these people had no need for alarms, gun bangs were the true alarm that woke the neighbourhood every single dawn. No one knew who put a hit on Nuno and his gang but there were rumours in the city that Loco did it to send a message to anyone who double-crossed him. It wasn’t true, he had a lot on his plate to even plan retribution on Nuno, even though, he would have wanted to. At such time, he was more worried about the revelations he had received, feared for who he had become and was awake each night wondering how he ended up on this page. The Preacher saw through his fears and urged him to hang on and be thankful that he made it out alive each night, it could be conflicting to think that Loco was a terrible person, maybe he was but he tried his best possible to help the youths actualize their potentials but they listened more to the preacher who gave them guns and showed them the opportunities that resided next to crime. 
Days after days, everything stayed the same and where mothers were gathered meant that they have been murder somewhere around the corner. Everyone really hated the idea of getting older and having to witness the same sad things every time, people were scared to their bones to realize that they made it out alive last night, they cried to the universe at all times to take their lives away but it didn’t happen and they had to put up with the fact that misery made it to another day. Loco had a good heart and did everything in his power to right his wrongs, he went into the community and spoke bravely to the kids gathered in their playgrounds to chase their dreams and shun violence whenever he could. Most of the kids didn’t know who he was but if he had mentioned his name, they would have wetted their pants in bewilderment. Loco was a household name and even more so, people had an exaggerating way of retelling stories of his onslaughts and manslaughter.
Loco was the reason the kids were gathered every weekend, he was fond of them and they reminded him of his younger days before the pages flipped and baked a sour story for him. He realized that it wasn’t too late to save someone else, even when he was drowning, he showed a positive attitude towards living and doing all he could to help the younger generations live right and make the right decisions. He saw a lot of potentials in the children as time went by, he accepted that if he could help save the children, then he had saved a nation. The children sulked on days he took so long to arrive there, he was an amazing person with such a positive light in their eyes, where no one gave them a chance, he built them a safe-house to come and orchestrate their potentials. In a matter of weeks, he had discovered geniuses and highly talented children with a mindset to change things around them for good. He was happy for the first time in his life, he had never believed that he had so much good left in him and we can’t deny that no one is truly evil, it just depends on how they decide to make use of their minds and what it brings forth. Spending some time with the kids really helped Loco to restore his sanity, he became more compassionate than he was in the previous years and he started asking salient questions and wondered what was truly the purpose of life. 


Chapter Ten
The Conspiracy
During this time, Uncle Usang was also plotting and scheming on how to rise to the apex of power by using Loco to achieve his blizzard dreams of becoming the sole distributor of drugs, guns and ammunition. He wanted to run every cartel on his terms and buy out all the middlemen working for someone else. He had the power, he had the money, he had the connections and he just needed time to take advantage of everything within his disposition. Loco on his part, still cried when eyes weren’t watching, he was no longer ready for the life he was living. As a child, he always wanted to heal his people and it is something he couldn’t understand when he became the one damaging them. 
He dreaded the possibility of Papi turning out to be his biological father and the fact that he was the one that axed him to death in a quest for power, he would have done better if he knew better but he was too young to understand why absolute power corrupts absolutely. He was young and naive but he had a choice to make between choosing love and hate when they took him in; he wanted the fame, the power and the pseudo-admiration that came with gangsterism and violence. All along, he was out to do wrong to whoever thought he was wrong for embracing this life but here he was, swimming through these oceans of unending doubts resenting this life. He could have done better if he had another chance to start all over again but he was too far gone to right those wrongs. However, it wasn’t too late to save someone else from making the same mistakes, it was for this reason that he took care of the kids and created a healthy climate for them to exist and actualize their potentials. He sold dreams to the younger generations and showed them the benefits of living in a city free of crime, he did all he had to and it helped them to do what they should to become better people for themselves and those around them.
A lot of people learned of Loco’s safe-house and his approach towards instilling good values in children and they didn’t like the news of that, conflicts brought them profits and they did everything to ensure the people never knew peace to stay in the business. They all convened to decide what to do with the kids and Loco whom they considered to be an enemy of the state at this point, Uncle Usang headed the meeting but he didn’t want to see Loco executed as they all decided. After the death of his hit-man Nuno, Loco was the only person that he could trust with his life and he wasn’t interested in harming him and the children but he knew better not to upset the people present as they were the reason that he was here today. He thought about what to say and how to convince them that it will be a bloodbath if Loco got to know about their sinister plans of harming him and the kids, so, he suggested that they talk to Loco about it before making any drastic measure to stay in business, to which they all objected and before they knew it bodies were flying around in all directions with blood spilling on the walls of the church basement. Loco wasn’t here but some of the children at the church vestry overheard their plans to kill the children at the safe-house and rose to the occasion. I guess, even the worst people alive still have people who could protect them with their lives. In a matter of nanoseconds, everyone present in the room was dead except Uncle Usang, because even though he introduced them to the life of crime, he always treated them right. He was proud of their determination to die for a course and this reverberated with his intention of monopolizing supplies in the city and running the city on his own terms.
Uncle Usang ordered for the dead bodies to be gathered and disposed off properly by his older boys. Then, he assembled the children who carried out the execution and commended them for their elegance and bravery, they all raised a glass and drank to the feat. This incident served as furtherance and a catalyst to the preacher’s dream of becoming the biggest dealer and supplier in the city, all he needed to do was to take out few more men and women at the helm of things and the city will be his for the taking. He knew what he had to do but first, he needed Loco by his side to achieve this.
Loco learned of this conspiracy and moved the children to another location for safety but he still met them from time to time to encourage them to go to school, study hard, be whoever they wanted to be and find happiness in the littlest of things. Whoever thought that a hit-man, lord of a confraternity, rioter of the city and slayer of Papoose could build schools for the children and fund it from his own pocket? Not me! He had done things that nobody thought a devil can. I guess, he was a human after all with compassion, love and empathy too.  He didn’t just focus on their cognitive state and affective state, he also encouraged them to learn a craft and embellish their psycho-motor state. Most of them learned a trade, some of them focused on what they could do with their hands and others did both while learning in the classrooms. 
Loco was proud of them and if he were to die now, he will be glad that he laid such a solid foundation for the next generation to come out of from the life of crime. He made sure that the children never lacked a thing, he was like a father to them and they truly loved and cherished him. They rejoiced and danced on his every entrance and that helped him to differentiate love from fear. Back at home, he was feared but here, he experienced love in its purest form. He didn’t know love when the gangs recruited him and he always wanted to be loved and understood. Remember that he just wanted to paint pictures of stories that words couldn’t truly convey. He didn’t want to be great, he just wanted to be himself and find happiness within. The first time he killed a man, he cried, threw up and regretted his act but you know one thing about killing a person, the feeling never truly goes away. The feeling is always there and it determines how, where and when you will kill again. Most of the times Loco killed, he was deeply in fear, he didn’t want to do it but he just had to do, as they say, it was the life he knew best and the life grew up to see. He had a good heart but he grew up in a place where a crime was seen as the gateway to becoming whoever you needed to be. Papoose grew up this way, Uncle Usang grew up this way, Nuno grew up this way, Etebong Atakpa grew up this way, Big Jimmy grew up this way, a lot of people grew up this way and it is harder to tell who grew up differently. I grew up the same way, or maybe a little different because I loved to witness everything from the sideline without taking part in it. I am from a generation of Calabar where Akaba was the only carnival, the millennial won’t know about this because things like these are quick to pass away. Akaba sounds light but it was heavy though, it was a tradition and a way of life to the people. It was the only occasion that the people were truly united. On such occasions, men, women, children and even people with special needs took to the streets chanting and dancing to gyrations. On days like this, gun bangs didn’t maim lives, knife combats were a rare beauty to the eyes, the streets were flooded with people and everyone was sincerely happy. It wasn’t rare to witness gun bangs in this city but it was the only day that people didn’t run for their dear lives because everything had a deeper meaning than what met the eyes. I don’t know if you were a part of that era or not but a lot happened that I can’t lie about, a lot of people died every day and others lived in fear, a life that they didn’t clearly deserve. 


Chapter Eleven
Misplaced Identity
In this city of zero emotional intelligence, women were highly relegated to the background. The various women who occupied places of interest and power did nothing to resuscitate the ailing situations of other women, they saw every other woman who didn't involve in unconventional ways to get to the top as a weak woman. A lot of women didn't mind engaging in pimping and stripping to drive a Beetle to show their position of power and sex appeal. Pimping and stripping as used here was an archaic word that was out of usage in a city where prostitution adopted names like runs girl, call girl or errand girl.
Succinctly, no one can blame these women, they weren't raised any different from the men; they were raised to question their worth if they didn't have a man in their lives. At a time like this, women were highly commercialized and objectified. You need to know that being married in this city meant more to the women than the life they lived, it didn't matter if the men were responsible or not, every woman dreaded a broken home and did everything they could to stay married as what they dreaded most was the label of a divorcee. A lot of women lost their lives to keep their homes and even in the grave, some of them were remorseless of the decisions they made. The biggest dream of a woman in this city was to grow up, get married and breed children. They didn't have a dream longer than that, they were that shortsighted. The few women who had visions were scared for their lives to try to change things, these women lived on their knees and did as the men in their lives said. 
Talking about women in this city, let's talk about Loco’s mother in her early days and how Uncle Usang was her age-long admirer before ‘Papi the terror’ came into the picture. Loco's mother was a really beautiful woman in her younger days, everyone wanted her but she had a thing for Papoose due to his gangster ways. She saw him as a strong and independent man due to the respect he commanded throughout the whole neighbourhood. She wanted a man who ticked all her boxes and her only excuse for being with Papi was just that, her family were not in support of that and so she ran away from home at a tender age. Uncle Usang couldn't understand why Papoose will be the lucky one to seal the deal for the one person he loved the most, it was for this reason that he went into the lord's vineyard as he accepted that no woman will ever come close to being as beautiful as the woman whom Papi took out of his hands. He was so in love with her that he had a thousand images of her buried somewhere in his head whenever the word ‘love’ came up, he couldn’t understand why he never approached her on time. Well, he spent most of his life regretting that decision.
When all was said and done, Papoose impregnated someone else and started a family with the person. She, on the other hand, was left broken and feeling dejected for years till she met a man who caught her fancy and they fell in love, everything was smooth and rosy till Papi came back begging. You know how old flames are easier to rekindle, Papi had the elegance and brilliance to sway her in his direction; she fell for it easily and they reunited. She was already married at this point but it didn't stop her from having an extra affair with Papi whom by this time already had two children with someone else. They were never seen together and they only spent time together when nobody was around, it was a love affair solely reserved for the closet, neither of their partners knew about it. This continued for a long time even after she gave birth to Loco who unknowingly to Papi was his seed. 
When Loco was born, his mother was truly happy and she did everything within her power to ensure that he grew up happily, that is why she did everything to see him become a great person including talking him out of his dreams of becoming a painter. She didn't suggest that he become a medical doctor, or a lawyer because she didn't appreciate art but she only did it because she didn't know better, she was raised the same way and her father had pressurized her to study medicine or read law in school before she ran away from home, so, she grew up thinking it was the best thing to do as a parent. She was happy that she could have a younger version of Papi in her life and she had no regrets about it but what she did was truly terrible when another man was made to raise Loco thinking that he was his biological child. Truly, only a woman could tell the true paternity of her children and it is undeniable that the paternity of first-born is highly questionable. I mean, anyone could get a woman pregnant and she will gladly give it to any man who is available to bear the brunt of fatherhood. 
Uncle Usang was really broken when she gave birth to Loco, he always fantasized how it will feel like to have a child with her, he would have given everything he cherished including his life just to be the father of her child. I guess that dream came through in an abominable way when she visited him to talk to him about her infidelity. Her extramarital affair with Papi wasn’t just a nightstand and it began to take a toll on her. Even though she was still beautiful on the outside, she felt really ugly inside whenever she thought about it. She tried to tell her husband about it but couldn’t because she dreaded divorce. She couldn't bear this guilt for long and so, she needed someone to confide in and the only person she could talk to freely about this was the preacher as she trusted him to pray to God for her forgiveness. She was panicking and washed down with tears by the time she was done narrating everything, the preacher asked her to calm down, offered her a glass of wine, drugged her and took advantage of her. She woke up feeling jaded, she had skipped and couldn't recall whatever happened in the last 24 hours. He had dropped her off at her place by the time he was done with her and some months later, she was heavy with child. She didn't know whose child it was but she was sure that it wasn't Papi's as she had finally cut ties with him by the time Loco became 12 years old. She was confused and didn't know what to do and she gave birth to the child and forgot about who was responsible, that is what led to the birth of Loco's younger brother whom Nuno murdered in cold blood.  
The same man who raised Loco thinking that he was his biological child, still raised Loco's younger brother like his own. He didn't know what was going on but the walls had ears and the same woman whom Loco grew up to kill as his first hit for Uncle Usang was aware of everything and spilt it the night Loco's supposed father went to the brothel to pay for sex because Loco's mother wouldn't let him touch her. He was highly disappointed when he learned of this, he couldn't believe that for years he was raising kids who weren't his, it would have been different if he was told, it would have been appreciated if he adopted them but he was swindled into fatherhood by his wife before medical reports showed that he was not capable of impregnating a woman. He didn't know how to handle it, he never mentioned it to his wife or anyone else, he was ashamed of himself for not being able to impregnate his wife and like most men who learn of their wives infidelity, he couldn't mention it because the society will always think that he wasn't performing his familial task as a man, or he couldn't make love to her right, or he wasn't taking very good care of her. 
Before now, he was always a cheerful man who embraced peace and avoided crime, he did everything to be a great father and he never lifted his hands one time to hit his wife and children. He was well-travelled and well-read, he didn't live, or act like most people in the city. He was a great man whom everyone respected for his conflict resolution tact but all of these changed when he learned that he wasn't the father of his two sons, that is why he took to drinking and smoking to avoid reality but you know, the problem with artificial happiness is that it fades away after a while and your problem comes calling when this happens. It is not drugs that get people addicted, it is the purpose of using a drug that gets people addicted. A man who hates to stay sober and turns to drugs to avoid reality is likely to become addicted as he will see the drug as an escape from these problems of life, such a man will willingly give up his sanity just to stay afloat and avoid reality. A lot of broken people take to drugs and alcoholism to see if they could feel love again. It doesn't work that way, the real problem to this solution is found in a substance or a bottle.
Back to reality, who could have ever thought that Uncle Usang was capable of raping a woman? Not me, not you, nor anyone who ever saw the man mount a pulpit; his messages were spiritually sanctified and he strongly rebuked every form of sexual interaction and intercourse that didn't bring praises to God. In the eyes of his congregations and listeners, he was upright and walked in the ways of the lord, the preacher was a role model for all and in the eyes of the people, he could do no wrongs. The people who knew him for his evil ways did everything to gain his favour and recommendations every day and the people who knew him for his good deeds equally did everything they had to do in order to gain his favour, recommendations and endorsements. 




Chapter Twelve
The Private Meeting
The government of the day didn't care about the people in any way, all it ever cared about was the money, power and respect. Outside this, nothing else was truly important, those wielding power constantly exploited the ignorant people who didn't know what to want, they knew that the poor will never fight for their right as long as they could have something to eat when they wake. Therefore, the people in power took the best things in life from the poor people and still taxed them for the little things they left with them to make use of. Still, the people had no choice but to strive to survive in a city where a crime was known as a way of life, they didn't know what to expect from the government, they have never witnessed progress before and it was easier to settle for whatever they could get. The people in power knew how vulnerable the people were and how easier it was to shut people off by constantly offering them crumbs. 
Peace in this city was temporal and didn't last past a day before the ugliness of crime reared its head but all the people did was weep, it wasn't uncommon to see people crying, wailing and hoping that things could be done differently. Loco tried to set things right but he couldn't really change much around him, he could only save the children and with his assistance, the preacher grew in ranks, became a lord with his own cartel, bought as many middlemen to help with the supplies and rewarded Loco heavily for his loyalty. The preacher had murdered as many middlemen as he could to become the sole distributor in the city but his quest for power just began. He was without a care, he wasn't scared of getting lost in this corridors of power and everything he did was to become an emperor in the street government. Uncle Usang’s rise to power wasn't surprising to those in the hood business, he was a man of choice words. He knew how to buy trust when he spoke, people believed that his words and actions shaped their reality. As rumours began to gather weight around the city about his indulgence in crime, a lot of people came to love and respect him even more. I guess that it is harder to save a person under a tight grip if they love being suffocated, and such was the kind of love affair between these people and their oppressors. They would go to war for the preacher if he gave them the word, he had the manpower, he had the ammunition, he had the connections, the money and now the people’s support. 
They loved him and he knew it, he expanded his business to other cities, built schools and health care centres in the cities that brought him more profits, he was making a lot of money from running the cartel and owning a lot of properties that he often forgot how much he was worth. Acquiring all of this wealth and power didn't stop him from losing some too, the cartel that was raided and Nuno got killed in a shoot out was owned by him, nobody knew about this as it was in another city, he took it as a loss and remained mute about it because he knew the people that he was up against. Even when all of these happened and he was broken, he wasn't without plans though, he had some people he needed to take out for the city to become his own to run alone. He worked in the dark and was striking them out one after the other and it only makes sense to know that the last three people left to clean out were men of his cabinet. Will he go against the bond of brotherhood, will he betray his own for power? You can never trust anyone if you intend to stay in business, never trust anyone when it comes to profit and money, never trust anyone if you intend to stay in the game, the people you trust the most are often those to use your weaknesses against you. In the streets, there is no differentiation for the snakes and the roaches, the more you know the higher your chances of getting killed every day in these streets. 
The preacher wanted this power and he didn't care who he had to cross out, he held a private meeting with the three people he was in contention with and told them of his intentions to buy their shares and they were shocked that the same person they introduced into business some years ago was trying to overwrite them now. They couldn't believe his boldness to come up with an idea as bizarre as buying their shares in the cartel, they couldn't believe what the eyes saw nor what the ear heard, they had to leave the meeting feeling threatened and highly disrespected. They knew that by turning him down that he will likely come after them and so, they doubled up their security and stayed on guard. They decided that it was time to take the preacher out before he did it first, their first target was to kill everyone working for him and by doing this he will be alone and defenceless. Uncle Usang didn't intend to kill any of them when they turned down his proposal to buy their shares but you know how it is with criminals, there is no honour and loyalty among thieves. They knew that the strongest weapon in the preacher's arsenal was Loco, so they tried to buy him to their side but he was loyal to one man only and he was not available to do dirty to the preacher and so, he told the preacher about their offer to get him to become their hit-man, the preacher knew what that meant, it meant war and that war was lurking in the dark already. 
He had to brace up and accept that family isn't always family when family are out to kill a family. He offered Loco triple of what they offered him but he turned it down and said that he wasn't in the game for the highest bidder, the preacher was really proud of him and felt safer than he ever was. Days went by and he reached out to everyone he must have offended unknowingly by trying to buy their shares and apologized duly, they pretended to forgive him but somehow they were still nursing an intention to take him out. He was carefree and he didn't expect them to come for him after this, but they did. He was lucky not to have been around by the time the shooters arrived fully armed and shooting down the doors of the church and leaving it in utter ruins in the absence of people. It was a Friday evening and the boys in the vestry were already in the metropolis running supplies, the preacher was at the vigil of one of the deceased and the only person who was at the church when the came was Loco who came to pray like he usually does some times. Loco wasn't armed, he didn't expect to be involved in a crossfire any time soon, he was doing all he could to stay out of trouble and restore peace to a city where crime and violence were heavily influenced by social vices. The assassins saw him running out of the church using the back door and they engaged him in a hot chase as he had seen their faces and they were bent on killing him to cover their tracks. He ran as far as his legs could carry him but they people after him didn't lose track of him, they were shooting as he was running, he didn't know what to do and he accepted that maybe he will die this way. His body was growing weaker and his bones were failing him too, he knew that it will be a death sentence to stop running but he couldn't think of a better way to escape this sad situation that he was in, he just kept running and the people after him didn't stop chasing. The road was endless and lonely, he remembered this path as a child, he used to come here when he needed to run away from home to avoid getting punished, it was this path that leads to the outskirt of the town but he was lost on how to distract the people that were running after him. So, he just kept running and thinking about a detour till a shot hit him on the leg, he fell down in pains and couldn't run anymore, the people drew closer to him and he knew that his end was near. 
When the assassins drew closer to him, their leader asked them to cease-fire and he was still on the ground rolling in pain. He felt defeated and really disappointed in himself, he shouldn't have left the house without being strapped and he knew that there was nothing he could do now than to shut his eyes and say his final prayer. The assassins were five in number, four able men and a stern-looking lady who took turns in beating the living daylight out of Loco as he bled profusely. The lady amongst the men was their leader, Lady Isak as the hood called her, was one of those kids whose parents didn't want as they weren’t ready for parenthood by the time she was conceived. She had a rough childhood and took to the streets after being served with child molestation, abuses from men and women, trafficking and every other form of exploitation. She was only 8 years old when she was forced to star in an adult movie where older men took turns in defiling her before the camera for profit, this was the life of Isak in overview before her rise to the leadership of this gang, the most lethal gang recorded in all of the neighbouring communities.
In order to take out the preacher, the people he offended by proposing to buy their shares had to ply the services of this foreign gang to do their dirty works untraced. Isak will do anything for the right price, it was easier for her to accept this job and here she was before a dying Loco with her gun corked and pointed at him but she couldn't pull the trigger as she needed to ask him some questions before putting out his oxygen supply for life. 
“Who are you and where are you from?”
“My name is Loco, I am from the west but I grew up here.”
“Loco? Do you mean the same Loco whom I was warned to stay away from if I had a need for my life? A-ha, A-ha, A-ha. Come on man, don’t be this weak and regale me, seeing you this helpless and groaning in pains doesn’t speak well of a man whose fear of existence grips cartels, gangs and confraternities.”
“Well, maybe, I am not as bad as they say and you will agree that we all have our dying days. This is my lowest moment and I regret that you are meeting me at such time like this, it is okay to have you mock my decline but before I die, can I know who you are and why you are here to kill me?”
“You speak so well for a gangster. I am impressed.”
“Not being in school shouldn’t be an excuse to not get a sound education.”
“Oh! Wow. A good-looking man with a great sense of humour, I find you intriguing. Okay then, I will answer your question. I am not here to kill you, I am here for the preacher and if you could help me with his whereabouts, I might be moved to let you live.”
“What you ask of me is impossible, I will rather bore a hole in my tongue before I said a word about his location. That is if I even know about his whereabouts.”
“Come on Loco, don’t be stubborn. He will gladly give you up if he had this offer.”
“Well, that is him and not me. We all can’t be the same.”
“I admire your loyalty, but it is not enough. Don’t you have anything or anyone to live for?”
“I have a mother to live for, but my lifestyle is the reason she has been on the run. I have children who are not mine but looks up to me on who they should become and how they should live. Tell me honestly, would you let your own children emulate you? Would you be happy if you were ever abandoned by those you truly cared about? What is the purpose of living, if we are living without a purpose? Regale me and maybe I will die happily.” 
She asked him a lot of questions after that and was truly satisfied with his replies, he had a vision that was beyond being just a hood rat and owing to Isak's upbringing, she was overwhelmed when he told her that all he was living for was the children he took out of the streets and placed in a safe place in order to give them a better life. She wasn't one to show emotions even when she had tears in her eyes, she decided that he was still valuable to mankind and had to spare his life. Her gang members weren't in support of her decision and so one of them pulled out his gun to finish off Loco by the time they turned to leave. Lady Isak timely intervened with a head-shot, she didn't do that for Loco, she owed the kids a life she didn't have and if she could, she would have been one of the kids and start all over but since she couldn't, she would fight for whoever had the interest of children in their agenda. Who she shot was her second-in-command and every other person on her team ganged up against her, it was three people against her by the time the gun battle ensued but she was more skilful than they were and it took just three shots at three different intervals to take them all out. She knew what it meant to cross carpet but Loco deserved to live as long as he was doing something good for the kids and the generations to come. 
She took Loco home, nursed his wound and hid him at her apartment for weeks before his recovery. By the time he healed, Loco asked her why she chose to spare his life and she told him that he had a good heart but he wasn't convinced and insisted on why she chose to spare his life. She said that if she had killed him, then she would just be like her parents who were deadbeat and didn’t want to have anything to do with her well-being. Also, she told him that she didn't know what to do with him at first but when he said that he was living for the children he saved from the life of crime, that it became the moment that she knew that he had a good heart and deserved another chance to live right. This opened a new chapter in Loco’s life and will be the first time in his life that he will be falling in love with a woman who wasn't his mother, it will be the first time in his life that he will be getting all the love and care from a woman who didn't bring him into this world, this will also be the first time he came in contact with a woman who held a gun but yet looked so harmless to him. She was beautiful and gifted, he saw this and couldn't help falling so helplessly in love with her. Their coming together felt like destiny, they were so mentally connected that it felt like they were wired to be in love with each other only.  She was his proof that heaven existed, she was his peace when his mind was out wilding in a desert, she was his reason to wake up every morning with that broad smile, she gave him a new reason to live and to do what is right with this new opportunity she gave him. He was so madly in love with her and became indebted to her for sparing his life.
Chapter Thirteen
The Fury of Cyanide
I know that nothing lasts forever and a lot of tensions built up when Loco’s father passed away due to a lung’s disease, but Loco never felt his father’s presence while he was alive, and it was nearly impossible for him to feel his absence when he died. His father was never there for him, he never showed him love nor care and Loco always lived like he didn’t have a father because he was raised around a father figure who failed to perform his fatherly duties. He didn’t know what it meant to talk to a father about something, he never had a father-son relationship and he never received any form of fatherly support from him. The only man who ever showed him love was Papi but the man whom he grew up to call a father was an alcoholic and a person who didn’t care about how he lived, what he ate, what he wore, how he slept and how he woke.The news of his father’s death was random and not really something to grief over, he just accepted that he was dead a long time ago in his life and the news was only making around now for those who weren’t aware of it earlier. He saw his death as an opportunity to get to know more about himself and his root, he accepted that it was time to reach out to his mother and ask her some vital questions bordering on his paternity, he felt that she owed him some explanations and he deserved to know the truth behind everything that she was accused of. He thought about bringing his mother and the children he was raising somewhere else back to the city, but the ongoing drug war between the cartels prevented him from doing that. It is not like the government of the day couldn’t put an end to these crimes. They could but didn’t, because they benefited a lot from these crimes which pumped a lot of money into the economy. The government couldn’t afford to offend those who gave them the spotlight, they couldn’t afford to lose their popularity among these hoodlums whom they needed and made use of for their dirty works. Again, one had to win the favour of the street government to be in the state government, these politicians and officeholders were in office as a result of drug lords, kingpins, hit-men, bandits and confraternities sponsoring them. The state government couldn’t put an end to violence because they were generating a lot of funds from the street government who needed this chaos to stay in business. The reason that cultism might never end in this world is that the people in power are using these poor people to fight their own battles, they know that the dream of most youths is to be accepted and this prompts them to do anything to fit in. This is why the rich introduce the youths to the flashy things of life in exchange for crime, and the youths in return for these flashy things offered to them will gladly do anything to keep getting them, including killing, stealing and indulging in crime for the people in power who constantly come out to the public to condemn these acts and condemn the people they sponsored to carry out these crimes. 
The city got worst every day and it is a kind of miracle that we couldn’t explain but in all of these problems, there was a man that brought with him a lot of hope. To some, he was a devil and to most, he was a messiah. He made a lot of mistakes in the past, cried in the dark when eyes died out and laughed out loud in our faces but he was only a man and as such he wasn’t immune to making these mistakes with all the problems in life he was facing. He did what he had to do and it wasn’t out of place to see characters like him scattered all of the places in this city. He didn’t love the life he lived, he hated himself for his past mistakes, he was hopeless about better days and he felt out of place most of the times but he drew some hope from the children he took out of the hood and placed in school. He was a good man hunted by the same path he hated as a kid, it is not strange that he never saw himself as the Jesus Christ of Calabar South as the children did. 
Loco was doing all he could to change the narrative, he knew that he was a part of the problem the city was facing and he needed to take out the three people from the parliaments who were after the preacher’s life if he intended to give the children a better life. He told lady Isak about his plan and she was really proud of him and promised that he will never be alone in this tug-of-war. She had never met a man like Loco who had such a bright vision and a foolproof plan to help his own people. He was in a relationship with the deadliest woman and somehow he managed to feel so safe with her. She was paid to eliminate him and the preacher but here she was falling in love with him over and over again till it began to feel like if she really needed to change things, then she had to get really involved because she won’t change things completely by just stepping aside. Together they ran the city and put out hits in the streets where their services were needed, they were more lethal together than they were apart. They did everything together and were often seen holding hands and doing the kind of things that hopeless romantics do. He helped her to see the other side of life and she helped him to set things right but by doing the right things, they gathered more foes and became an enemy of the state. 
Lady Isak knew that by not killing Loco as she was paid to do, that she will have these people coming after her life. She was right, the people who paid her to kill Loco were highly disappointed in her when they learned that she fell in love with him instead. They didn’t like them together, they knew what this meant and so they tried to do anything they could to separate them, people were sent to kill them but these gangster lovers were always alert and struck them out as many as they came. Together they killed over a hundred and seventy-two people who were paid to kill them, she knew the people that were behind the death threats and she wanted to handle everything alone without getting Loco involved and her first target was senator Orok who was one of the three topnotch politicians who had bigger shares in the cartel and had the backing of the  Hornets confraternity whose members were always at his service to kill whoever erred him. 
She knew where to find him, he was always frequent at the clubhouses on weekends. It was a Friday night and she knew the exact clubhouse that senator Orok will be at, he was the kind of man who lived for fun and Beverly hills was just the right place that he will be found today spending the taxpayer's money on oddities and frivolities. Orok was a drug dealer who occupied a political office due to the support he received from the street government who were the direct beneficiaries of his drug money. Every club he went to, he always left a mark by buying the bar and throwing a lot of money on the dance floor to show appeal. He loved to spend a lot of money in the clubhouses each week just to stay relevant. He didn’t work for it, so, he never understood the struggles of these poor people who worked tirelessly to pay their taxes. 
Lady Isak dressed in black with a brown jungle boot spotted Senator Orok in the VIP section of the club and took her time to inspect the men that surrounded him. The VIP section of the clubhouse was dimly lit, but she could still see through all the activities of the people in it. She spotted an angle where she could take a shot from a distance, and it was impossible to achieve such a feat after a thorough calculation. She really wanted to kill the senator so bad, but didn’t want to kill the innocent girls who were all over the senator if she missed the shot. Also, she realized that she couldn’t take out the hefty men that were protecting the senator without raising an alarm and she decided that it was best to leave and try again another day. 
She was on her way downstairs when she noticed that the senator had sent for a waitress and immediately she had bright ideas on how to take out the senator. After taking an order from the senator, the waitress returned to the bar to pick drinks at random and put them in carts as the senator had instructed her to do in order to set his table with the most expensive drinks at the bar just to showoff his class and position of power. Lady Isak waited for the waitress to fill the carts with the drinks as the senator wanted before she waved the gun at her and ordered her to go into the restroom with her when they got to the restroom, she forced the waitress to mention which of the brands that the senator was specifically drinking, then she tied her hands and legs and also sealed her mouth with the apron she was putting on before exiting the restroom. She walked into the bar dressed like a bartender and sent another waitress to take the senator’s order to the VIPs section and some minutes later, the senator was found dead on the floor with white foams dripping from the corner of his lips. She had poisoned his drink with cyanide and then watched him die from a distance, she felt so accomplished seeing him struggle for his last breathe as the toxin slowly overpowered him. The senator died holding his neck, defecating on himself and his eyeballs pulling out of its socket. In nanoseconds, the club was thrown into a track and field event with men and women running for their dear lives. 
After she murdered Senator Orok, she was happy that they only had two more people to deal with and Loco’s face flushed with surprise when she recounted the entire event to him, he felt really happy and appreciated her efforts to protect him but he didn’t want her endangering herself for him, they agreed that when next she wanted to eliminate a person that she will let him know. Before the night made way for a new day, they kissed, hugged and had the moment of their lives thereafter.

Chapter Fourteen
Wind of Change
Lady Isak became the best thing that ever happened to Loco in his entire life, she became the only one who knew everything about him and still saw something beautiful about him. He was in doubt for the next few weeks as this kind of bond they shared only existed in scripts and didn't want to wake up to the reality of her not being there if this was only a dream. She was the only girl in this world who made him think about family and how beautiful it was. When she wasn't there with him, he was always worried. She was a gangster, he was a gangster, but what they shared was truly immaculate. She took away every sensation of pains from him and he took away every sad memory of men from her. They were meant to be and it wasn't hard to see from all of this. 
Loco finally saw the need to exist and embrace peace, he didn't want to lose Isak and he was ready to give up his position in the streets just to spend every single moment with her. When they held hands, it was like the best thing about life that they couldn't do without. She really changed him and everything about him, she became the only thing he needed to live, he felt like he had found that part of the globe to create his own world with. He did everything to see her happy and this was beyond the love the writers talk about. When they were together, action spoke louder and they didn't have a need for words. Love is the only thing that turns weak men into soldiers and wise men into dummies. Love is what humbles the proud and exalts the pain. Love is what makes a gangster a poet and the brokenhearted a philosopher. Love is the reason that Loco had this to say: “What would you do when you find her, I mean the one who keeps you saner when you wake up to this sensation of pains? What would you give to be able to get love and feel loved again? Will it be fair to say that they will always be there if they were the one for you? People mistake people who get a lot of attention from people to be easily distracted when they're taken, but it's not true when all you ever wanted was to hold the hands of your significant other every single second. People just keep on assuming that certain people are not capable of loving and this just heightens their constant struggles. What happens if who you want wants you but you have to spend the rest of your life explaining to them why you want them? Why are people quick to judge people when they wouldn't do better if they were the person? What if she is the only girl who believes in you when everyone else sees nothing special about you? Will it change you to know how she looks at you when your eyes aren't watching? Will it help you to feel better if you knew what she was thinking when she was no longer talking? What if she's not as romantic as she seems and she only kisses you when she runs out of words? What if you let your fear make you treat every good girl you meet like a hoe? What if it is what it is but you only focus on what it could be? What if being withdrawn is the reason that you're easily mistaken for being emotionally unavailable? Why do we sulk when who we love doesn't love us? And what if this girl of your dreams will be your nightmare? What if she will be the only person who disrespects you when everyone else respects you? What if she is the best for you but she doesn't know how to bring out the best in you? Maybe it saddens me to know that all these unanswered questions prevent me from falling in love and staying there. I keep on going in circles and hoping someone someday could save me, but it only happens when I am asleep because reality isn't as it seems. It could have been you who could change me, but nobody can save me if I don't want to be saved. It is only fair that I listen to the same old songs and hope to find a part of me there. Falling in love and falling out of love at the same pace have become a habit that leaves me short of understanding when it comes to what I have become. Again, I feel like I will never truly be happy until I learn to love truly. It is for this reason that I have chosen to love Lady Isak and ignore her shortcomings.” Loco explained to himself, even though it saddened him to know that she was too far gone to go back on this life they lived. 
It worried him so much to know that she could get killed in the street, the city wasn't safe and there was a silent war going on. Cartels were fighting cartels, politicians were fighting politicians, lords were fighting lords, the sales were going high and the rest of the people were stuck in the background receiving the blows that came from all of these. The rich weren't fighting their wars, the poor gladly did everything they could to keep them alive. The poor were laying their lives on the line to keep the rich alive just so they could get something in return to feed their families with. Lady Isak wasn't from this city but was a hit-man who was paid to assassinate the preacher by people in his circle who felt threatened by his existence. You may be wondering why she was chosen to do this job instead, she was the finest of executioners mankind had ever seen and she was lethal with weapons plus she equally knew the art of seduction. She was the sort to walk into a place and kill everyone in there without so much ado about nothing. It was easier for her to kill her targets, all she needed to do was to flash a broad smile and they'll have thousands of reasons in their heads on why they should get to know her. She was beautiful and appealing, standing at 6 ft tall with broad hips and a robust waist, she had everything a man needed in the right places. Most of her victims were older men who were highly placed in society, she knew that men like that are usually lusty and in search of a younger girl to warm their bed. Most of them didn't know that someday they'll die that way, but she was fully in charge of what she was doing. When she spotted her target usually at social functions and parties, she will do everything to fetch their attention and when that happens, she will seduce them into striking a lengthy conversation with her. Most men are really drawn to a woman's intellectual disposition and highly attracted to a woman who can hold a meaningful conversation, she knew about this and used it against them. She made them enjoy every single moment with her, she made them think that life was great with her and every man deserved a woman like her. That was how she gained their trust with ease. When that was out of the way, the next thing she did was to dress in a way that captures attention and spreads horniness in every room that she walks in. This was always too much for these men who against their own will got dazzled by her stunning body that they started building up sexual fantasies with her in their head. She knew how men reacted when they were horny, how their vision gets blurry and how they went all out for their personal glory. She knew how to get them to think that she was feeling the same energy as them by biting her lower lips and making them crave every inch of her before taking them to a spot where she'll eliminate them by adding cyanide to their drinks. This was always easier to execute and when she was in a room with her victims, she will pour them a drink, drop her clothes off, urge them to drink as she made her way into the bathroom and any man will gladly drink to that in anticipation of what was to come by the time she came out of the bathroom. It was the reason that they all gladly died this way without seeing it coming. She had the ego of a man and did everything she did to be better than a man, there was this feeling of accomplishment she derived by inflicting pain on a man. 
She was the most dangerous person to walk the surface of the earth and her outfits didn't give her up as a hit-man, she was always frequent in church and donated a lot to the poor people. She had a good heart and such a strong affinity with children. Her childhood memories brought her a lot of pains and she drew her motivation to do everything she did from there, the fact that she was abandoned as a child to die by her parents made her hate people in power. By all means, she fought for the money and did everything she could to be able to own a voice in the council of men. She was feared, but she knew that fear wasn't respected. She had a soft spot for broken people and lend them assistance wherever she could. She could have killed Loco, but he was shot multiple times and yet he wasn't struggling to live by the time they drew closer. She wanted to know who he was, she had never met anyone who was shot that wasn't struggling to live. She was surprised that he was ready to die and she didn't like death to be an easy task for any of her victims. The death of her victims were usually slow, painful and steady. Unlike Loco, she was into the business only for money and that meant that anyone with the highest offer could get her to do anything. Again, since Loco didn't know about the preacher's whereabouts and he wasn't struggling to live, she decided to give him a chance to live and suffer with the rest of the people. She saw death as a bringer of peace and she was of the position that she was doing everyone she has killed a favour by sending them to a place of nothingness where peace abides. Talking to Loco for a minute was all she needed to keep him alive, he had a good heart and gave the kids a life he never had. She didn't care about how bad a person was, she only cared about how a person treated other people and Loco's intentions for the children was of good and not of evil. It was why she rose against her gang to keep him alive. Their meeting was more than destiny and she was paid to eliminate them but she decided that he deserved to live for his good deeds. 
In life, the little things we do for other people matters a lot and it speaks for us. When Loco was shot and was about to be executed, he didn't have a voice, but his good deeds spoke for him. It was the reason that he was still living, it was the reason that she spared his life and gave him another chance to help someone else get it right. She became the missing link in his puzzle, she gave him everything that money couldn't buy and she helped him to get back his life in order. She gave him a new idea of heaven and with everything she did for him, he never doubted the possibility of such a beautiful place existing. It is fair to say that they had a bond that was unbreakable, they couldn't believe that they had something that they always ran away from, they couldn't believe that someday that they will be completely lost in each others eyes and it was only natural that this feeling changed them, they both felt special and extra motivated to do more.



Chapter Fifteen
A Walk To Freedom
 How do you paint a clearer picture of a city where the people were comfortable with the state of things as long as they could afford to eat crumbs? How do you save the people when their hero was also the villain? How do you tell them differently when the only peace they knew was in the arms of their love ones? How do you tell them differently when all they saw is all they knew? The death of the senators didn't stop the parliament from gathering to decide on their pay rise, it was the only time the parliamentarians ever saw eye to eye. The people in power didn't care about the people or their cries, they didn't want to know if they were the ones making the lives of the people hard, they just wanted money and more money. It didn't matter how much they had sitting in a vault, or where the money came from, they just wanted more money to feed their starving egos which were in an unannounced competition with each other. 
The people got used to having nothing that having something no matter how little was considered a piece of good news to the people. The families only frowned on violence until their sons indulged in it and placed food on the table. At that point, it was acceptable and was considered a means to an end, a final resort and a survival technique. It was the people's ignorance that kept them in the dark, it was the people's inability to dream or conceive a better life that made them settle for the crumbs those in power threw at them once in a while. Every little girl's dream was to grow up, get married, make babies avoid being used as a sex worker to put food on the table. The notion of a breadwinner in this city was different as the owner of the bakeries only baked the people for their daily bread. The daily bread here was the money they got, pardon me if you got lost. The children of the rich didn't aspire to be great, they received everything they needed. The needy didn't know what to need, in a place like this it was futile to dream. 
Senator John was killed by a child named Solomon and that is what happens when you take kids out of the classrooms and put them in the streets to roam. The poor child wasn't happy with the life he lived, he witnessed his mother toil every day without being able to put food on the table because she was being heavily taxed for her itinerary trade. It's like she worked so hard to achieve little, even when she couldn't give her children what to eat, the taxes she paid meant that she was working that hard to give the rich people what to eat. Her child couldn't have it any more when he drew the gun from his late brother's drawer who equally lost his life in the street as a cultist. With the gun, he felt the kind of power he never knew he had, he practised his shootings for weeks and the senator became his first test at a human target. 
The death of Senator John took place at the market square, it was the children's conference and he came there with a ready-made speech to convince them of his plans to take them off the streets and give them sound education like he did every year. Today, he met his end in the hands of Solomon who could no longer stand his mother's tears every night when she thought her family were fast asleep, she was a single mother who sold pap on the streets of Calabar south to give her family something to eat. Young Solo took the shot and ran into the crowd but he was shot by the surveillance before he could make it to the street, he died a hero and more people were triggered to kill for their freedom rather than live on their knees. Solomon became a hero and was highly celebrated by other kids who took to arms to get their families what to eat, they were found at every corner of the streets robbing adults just to have what to eat. That is the problem with poor people fighting for what they need, they always end up taking from their fellow poor people to eat instead of fighting the people in possession of what is rightly theirs to eat. It is always the poor fighting the poor when they cry out for their freedom, alas, the rich are always lucky to get away with a revolution as they have subdued the minds of the poor people to look up to them as clear examples of whom they should be. It is for this reason that the poor people always defend the people oppressing them instead of fighting them. It is more than a choice that determines the future, it is a matter of admiring what you're under so much that you want to be like the person on top who determines how things are done. 
The death of Young Solo tore the city apart as more people in power were brought down by the commoners. The outbreak of war really took its toll on the economy, the people burnt down institutions and rose in numbers for the first time to collectively fight for their freedom, they killed some and lost some but that's how it is with war by the time you look at the numbers. Loco led the riot, he became the people's hero and he was backed by the preacher who was tired of being labelled as weak by the people above him that he was answerable to. Everyone knew when the war began but not when it was ending, the people were more committed to having their freedom at all cost even if it meant losing everything in their possession, mothers were killed, fathers were killed, children were killed and lives were wasted in every corner but not everyone died for the same course. Government officials who could afford to flee by the time their security was breached did so and they could sight their houses being burnt down from a distance, this war was only witnessed by those who existed at a time where having white and sparkling teeth was possible by brushing the teeth with ashes mixed with grated charcoal. I was alive then but I was too fragile to take part in the war, maybe I was a coward and cowards always lived long enough to tell the stories of the brave when they die. 
Back to the war, Loco in the company of his dearly beloved Lady Isak and the preacher had enough firearms to gun down the politicians, government officials and every other official. It was a revolution that was never televised as the people who survived the brutality of these times never had the guts to try to remember the sad events they saw and experienced during the war. War is only beautiful when you see it on screen, it is only beautiful when you read it on paper and it is only beautiful when you're told but war is never beautiful when you're on that battlefield doing everything you can to live. Sooner than later, the people of the streets won and the people in power surrendered. The poor people didn't take it kindly with their oppressors and most of them were publicly executed for their acts of inhumanity against humanity while they were in office. Some of the people in power were too broken to want to see another day and so, they killed themselves before they were captured. It was such a sorrowful scenario to recount and one which still brings so many tears to my eyes whenever the millennial ask me to talk about it. The people finally got to understand that their progenitors would have done better if they knew that the only road to freedom was on their mind. It took a war to show the people that god lives in the mind, it took a war to help the people understand that they themselves were gods when they looked at themselves in the mirror. It wasn't uncommon with these people to feel helpless and wait idly in hope of a messiah that they couldn't believe what unity could bring. They couldn't believe what the uncommon eyes could see and they couldn't believe that someday they'll be this free. 
For the first time since the beginning of time, the people finally knew that the God they were looking for neither had a face nor a name and that everything they ever needed was given to them freely by the universe. The people knew that it was okay to ask questions that had no answers. They knew that it was okay to feel helpless, but it wasn't okay to stay broken if things could be fixed. The children of the rich finally knew that their parent's status wasn't enough to hurt people whom they considered as ordinary people. I mean, everything in life is ordinary; people come and go like we all do, no one is ensured forever and always, and we have to enjoy every moment as it comes. I learned that it was okay to fight. You will win some and lose some but in the end, you’ll be happy that you didn't live on your knees.


Chapter Sixteen
The Prophecy
The end of the war brought untold peace and progress to the people, there were new men and women in power, there were schools and hospitals built for the people. People didn't have to be scared to walk on lonely roads, people no longer had a need to walk around with guns intimidating people, people knew what it meant to look out for each other and be a brother's keeper. This was a new beginning, it was such a time where everything happened in sequence but you know that there are always bad people among the supposed good people. Sadly, the bad people always outweighs the good people with time and when this happens everything goes back to how it used to be and even worst. This was the truth of this city, the children Loco raised in a safe-house some years ago grew up to ruin the city and this was over 40 years after Loco's mother died of cancer, the preacher gave up his ghost on life support and Loco got killed by his dear wife Lady Isak who was paid by a drug lord and she did it for her love for money. In the streets, no matter how stable things seem there is always an unhappy ending, Loco's death wasn't strange as cultism is like education, but without graduation. Unendingly, once you kill, it becomes harder to quit if you did it to prove a point, and that is exactly what Loco's dear wife did. We have to kill ourselves and our conscience to be able to kill someone else and that's exactly what we do when we kill. She didn't kill him because she wanted to, she had no control over herself when it came to killing for a price and that's the point; she gladly ended life for cheques. That is exactly what you get when you kill a person, it doesn't stop. Killing a person is easy, but killing the urges of wanting to kill again after killing a person is the most difficult thing to do. 
The short term consequences of breeding kids without proper education, or health care is that they look out for help and care in the estranged places, the long term consequences of having children recruited into confraternities and banditry is that they grow up to destroy everyone and everything they see, these children grow up without a mind of their own and are likely to do everything for social acceptance owing to their inability to make an informed decision on their own. This was what Lady Isak did when she was promised fat cheques and a position in the government. It was easier to poison Loco's tea with cyanide, but that wasn't the same way she died when the people executed her publicly for the assassination of their hero alongside those who paid her to. They were dragged around the city till the blood gushing from their ripped flesh painted sad tales throughout the city which was again laying in ruins. It took Loco’s death for his people to truly appreciate him. He became a saint when he died and everyone wished that the Saviour of the people wasn't killed by the same person he loved. They cursed her corpse and wished that she was never born. After Loco's death, the children he raised occupied the seat of the government, but they weren't different from the government the people fought against. These were people with talents and gifts whom Loco truly believed in and raised to be the difference, they were his dreams to set things right. Loco's dream for this city died with him when the children he raised to be kings made slaves of his people and that reminds me of the last speech by Senator Mfon before he was publicly executed by Loco who was only acting under the instructions of the people. Senator Mfon said and I quote:

"As humans, we cannot do good for long, good has no place in this world. The people have had more sleepless nights than happy hours of the day, they will always be in a competition with themselves and they'll always let the pressure of being great to get the best of them. Killing me won't change things, you will only have a name for doing it. Don't forget that there is cancer in the heart of man as there is cancer in the seat of power. The people in power need more power that they are ready to do anything to have this power and these include taking from the masses to amass their proceeds, pocket the police, buy out every available law enforcement agencies and put money in the mouths of activist to quiet them whey they pretend to cry out for the masses. The "m" in masses stands for money, and that is why people only listen to the people with money. If you have an opinion and have no money, my friend, you'll be considered a clown doing everything for cheap popularity by your people. So when you take out "m" from the masses, tell me what do you have left, Loco? Asses! Is this really what you're fighting for? You will be a hero for a day if you gave out your life for these people, but don't forget that when you die they'll say that they never sent you to die for them. That's people! You won't do better than the people before you, humans are not without shortcomings no matter their heights. A man under oppression knows the right thing to do, but it is never the same when they are in power and given a task to do. I guess it is easy to be a saint in the absence of power than it is to be sane with the drunkenness of power. Everyone swears that they could have done better if they were given power, but they always turn around and be the same thing they criticized when they had no power. So who do we trust then with power? I don't know, but I know what I know, Loco; I regret everything that I did and the life that I lived, but I need you to know something before I die, I need you to know that you can't change people. You can only change things and that is lesser than changing people, because it is things that runs people when people think they run things. It is ideal to do the right thing, but who is ideal to do the right thing when people are ever ready to do anything to embellish their life's worth which from the people's perspective is the right thing to do and should be done rightly too? Hear me, my son, no matter who you save, no matter how much you fight, you can't change people. Crime is all people know and violence is the peace they seek. You can kill me, but it won't be long before everything came back to normal. To understand yourself, you have to embrace the truth Loco. Welcome to the city you know, the city you were born into, the city that makes it possible to conceive an idea but makes it impossible to achieve them out here. Welcome to the lifeless city that gave you the life you live. Face who you are and be careful of the things you fight before it changes you. Welcome my son, welcome to the land that we collectively milk, welcome to this great city. Welcome to the city of dead dreams".


#####

Thank you for reading this book. I will appreciate if you can spare a moment to leave me a review at your favourite retailer. 
Thanks!

David Daniel (Author)
                                                           ###
