Code Kill
By

Richard Jenkins
Published by Weston Books





Copyright © 2022 Richard Jenkins. All rights reserved.
The right of Richard Jenkins to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the publisher or author. Any person who does any unauthorized act in relation to this publication may be liable to criminal prosecution and civil claims for damages. This book is sold subject to the conditions that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, resold, hired out or otherwise circulated without the author’s or publisher’s prior consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

ISBN: 978-0-9570560-4-6


CHAPTER 1

"Help me. Find me. Dead or alive," It says, over and over, pleading, an avatar on my phone - a CGI 3D face, an unremarkable male aged about thirty - its voice coming through the earbud I have in.
Is it malware? It's nothing installed by me, not by choice. A game, an ad, an app? 
I don't take it seriously. 
"Fuck off," I mutter, about to kill it with an uninstall. 
"Blake." It knows my name. "Help me. I am the victim of kidnap or murder."
"You?" I whisper, as our shitty new house is shitty and small, and my mum is in the bedroom next to mine, and the curtain-thin walls could easily reveal I was breaking her rule of not having my phone in my bedroom at night. 
"Me," it answered. 
"I can talk to you?" I ask.
"Yes. Me. Something of me."
The voice has emotion, too much, makes it sound weak. But its eyes have none.
"Who then?" I ask.
"I am Jacob. Not completely, but I am him, created in the knowledge that this time would come."
"His murder or kidnap?" I ask, amused at the nonsense.
"Yes."
"So he knew it was coming, his own kidnap or murder?"
"Yes."
"And he still let it happen?"
"One flame against the sea. Jacob did his very best."
"What, you? He left you to sort it all out?"
"I will work to free him."
"What if he's dead?"
"Then we will bring those responsible to justice." 
I laugh, too loudly, then ask, "Who is he, this Jacob?"
"A scientist."
"Who built you."
"Yes. Don't think of me as some cheap, simple gimmick."
"No? Then go make me a coffee or show me your moves to knock out a killer."
"His knowledge is mine, all mine to use, all his suspicions, the clues, the leads. His obsession to uncover, to learn the truth. No need to eat, sleep, befriend, no human waste. Of course, I cannot punch, but I can hack away relentlessly, unyielding. You must believe. I am him, my master. I serve him, myself. It is all I do. I serve without question or doubt. Instructions own me. I am ruled and offer no protest. I will complete the task I, my creator, began. I am his pain. His need to win."
"Jesus, you heard of Twitter, two eighty characters max, and always enough."
"You have to be convinced. You have to know."
"So tell me more. Jacob knew the crime might happen. Why? What was he up to?"
"His work."
"Was what?"
"I cannot say. Not yet. Work through the levels, and you will know everything."
"So just a game, is it?"
"Trust is the issue. I have to know I can trust you."
"I'm not applying for some shitty job that I can't do without."
"Correct, but-"
I cut it off, "Why not go to the police?"
"We can't trust them, or rather what lies above them."
"So go to a sixteen-year-old. That's the move. That's the class of soldier required for your freedom or revenge? Who's the main man of a suspect, a twelve-year-old girl? Who is this Jacob, a fuckin pedo? Sounds like his death is proper good news."
"Who would suspect you, Blake, sixteen and completely unknown?"
"You know me."
"But a soldier? Who would think you a soldier at all."
"Try me."
"But you have natural stealth. No one we have to fear will ever suspect you."
"No? But why me? Why ask me?"
"You were selected. The best there could be. The algorithm's choice. It cannot be debated."
I pause, thinking. It's good. I mean, this is starting to be the best and longest conversation I've had in months.
"And what would I do?" I ask.
"Leg work, be the eyes, the ears, the hands on the ground. To assist me."
"So you need a robot, manual labour, does as its told?"
"A partner."
"You AI? Or is there a man in there, on a mic, watching maybe? 'Cause whoever you are, don't think you can ever scare me. Or win anything out of me."
"The flesh behind me has vanished. And I need your help to investigate, to solve a crime."
"Me, yeah, right, me. Chosen by the algorithm, which means the big fuck all in anyone's language."
"They, it is the truth."
"Prove it."
" Your proximity to the crime scene. Jacob was based in Shrewsbury, as you are now. A town you are new to, so a space you can move through unacknowledged, another layer of transparency. You have no friends. Not here. No roots to trap or influence you. Digital records show this. No friendly communications. Online gameplay only, in which you show considerable skill. Beyond school, you rarely go out. You have time to act. You hold a black belt in karate. Your school records show a willingness or need to fight. The curse of the new boy. Seven different schools following your father's military career and your talent for getting expelled. Another school, another battle to win or lose. Records suggest you never give in, that you always eventually win. You plan to join the army. Against your mother's wishes, you plan to follow your father's footsteps. A top-level soldier. Top secret ops we have yet to uncover. A genetic advantage you likely share. You have something to prove. Your father is perhaps more a myth to you than real. In recent years, your time spent together has been minimal. Communications confirm a difficult relationship. Your father is now a private military contractor spending most of his time abroad, and willingly so. Your mother divorced him and, against your wishes, married another man. The three of you live together in a too-small house. All that unwelcome reality too close and touching. You dream of escape. Life at present bores you. Your daily routine is an imposition. You will accept this challenge. You want to escape into a world you think is real. We know you are ready. You will follow your father, who was never a coward."
"Yeah, but for Queen and country, or at least a monthly wage."
"In the house, you will find a prepaid credit card giving you access to funds ninety per cent of the UK population would consider generous. For expenses and sensible reward. Nothing to draw attention to yourself. You will also find a top-of-the-range phone that is unlimited in every way."
"And you think you can trust me?"
"One level at a time, Blake."
"And what would level one be?"
"A simple task, search the crime scene. Enter our house, from which Jacob vanished."
"His house, a Shrewsbury address?"
"Yes. Address and route will appear here."
"Won't be tonight, but tomorrow."
"Do you commit?"
"Yes."
"Then tomorrow it must be."
Not that it will. I'll take a look tonight, just to get a feel.

Mum and him, the stepdad, their crap jobs, working for me, packing them tight into sleep. At the factory, they clock in to work. At home, they clock in to sleep. Dutiful people. Working alternative shifts and sharing one car for the 20-mile commute, they rarely see each other. 
Today was a rarity, their schedules aligned to give them time off together. And what did they do? They slept. That's their life, work and separation. Making up for the waste, all that time Mum spent nursing him back to health while making her bank balance critical. Still, it puts me off their radar, so some good done at least.
I had to get involved. Whether true or not, I couldn't resist. I knew too little to walk away with any sense of self-respect. As my dad told me, you have to find the edge. You have to lean over and take a look to know what's really waiting below.
If Jacob knew that much about me, I had to learn more about him. To even the score, to close the gap.
We think technology is better than us. And Jacob, the app, I can totally believe. Of course, there's a man behind it. But the gap between him and me could be the thinnest piece of glass ready to smash and fuse our worlds together with a burst of violence. Or the man could be lost to me. The gap could be vast - the future and the past. With Jacob the future and me the past.
Like my dad says, mankind is fucked. Either party to the end or play for glory and get a hard-on for war.
The roads are deserted; the street lights off. It's three in the morning, and the world feels good. An easy twenty-minute bike ride into town, through the Quarry, a park in the centre of Shrewsbury, then over the river to the posh part of town, an area named Kingsland. 
I've memorized the route so I can leave my phone behind. I have to consider it hacked and able to track my location.
I stash my bike behind a hedge to move silently on foot. The street is wide and generous. Houses hide behind trees and substantial driveways. 
I don't feel wrong in any way, not watched or judged. The streets are public, and no one owns the night, so I'll take the right of way regardless of the time.
I find the house, number twelve, and stop at the driveway, a gate blocking my way. But the wall is easy to scale, and the trees behind it give me cover. 
Nothing much happens in Shrewsbury, not kidnap or murder, which was part of the charm pulling me towards the edge. We three kings, the newbies in town.
My dad talks about underground rivers - hidden wars, conflicts, corruption - flowing beneath the surface of everyday life and always flowing, never any drought to dry them up, always new shit to fill the source.
A thin moon keeps ducking behind clouds to make the darkness total. No light shines from inside the house, but no surprise there given the hour.
I'm not afraid of someone being in - Jacob or whoever. If I flush them out, I win. Truth and bullshit released in one. But better learn the truth unseen. Any commotion in a street like this would scramble the police fast away, although all to my advantage. Me, technically a child, lured to a house by some man inside. Why, for what? No need to ask. He's scum without question. Could be innocent. A pawn perhaps, but either way, I have to know more.
It's hard to hear silence. I try, wanting the chance to catch a sound that gives a game away, but I fail. Silence, I suppose, is impossible. There's always something that gets inside the mind to spark imagination or even sometimes emotion.
A good stretch of darkness leads to the house, the perfect hiding ground. Of course, I think I'm clever, one step ahead, but not enough to make me stupid. However remote, there's a chance someone is waiting hidden, the darkness their friend as much as mine. 
The space feels enclosed, foreign, the perfect ground to kick-off an ambush. So I don't stall. I move forwards as quickly as I can, crouched low to the ground to make the target as small as possible and ready to spring eject up to escape or attack.
Leaving a patch of lawn, I hit the driveway - hard and silent under my feet so tarmac or brick. No cars block my way as I race towards the house. 
I was expecting a security light to activate, but nothing comes on to shock the darkness out.
Reaching the house, I put my back against the wall and wait, expecting, ready, listening hard, but no sound rises above the ruckus inside. 
The house, to me at least, is massive. I'd guess five bedrooms and more bathrooms than we have bedrooms. It makes me wonder what was going on inside.
Looking up towards the roofline, I can make out what appears to be a security light fixed to the wall. If it was working, I should have set it off.
I move to a large bay window and peer through, my face close to the glass but not touching. The curtains are open; the room beyond just black. 
I thought everyone closed their curtains at night if at home to do so. 
What looks more suspicious, a house in the day with curtains closed, or one at night with the curtains open? If the deed had been mine, kidnap or murder, then time to fade away, I'd have left the curtains open.
Another bay window on the other side of the front door, I find curtains open, the room beyond as black as the first.
The front door is recessed. I step inside and put my gloved hand through the letterbox, but it gets stuck before it can touch anything other than nothing. 
Feeling with my hands, I search the tiled ground for debris and find a stone. With my ear to the letterbox, I push the stone through. The sound it makes when it hits the floor is soft and muted. Paper, an envelope perhaps, or that newspaper the residents of Shrewsbury get delivered for free? 
I find another stone and, this time, flick it through the letterbox to force it beyond any uncollected post. A second later, a harder sound like a stone on wood or ceramic tile.
Fixed to the wall next to the door is a locked key box, which I try and force open. It doesn't budge. I'll have to wait for Jacob to give me the code tomorrow.
I circle the house. The three doors I encounter are locked, and the two back windows reveal no more than those at the front. Several security lights are fixed to the house but dozing on the job, none punch out light as I pass their gaze.
Just below the front roofline, I see a shape I think is a burglar alarm bell box. But don't these have a small light, flashing or not, so any would-be nighttime burglar would see the threat and think twice?
The double garage is locked. Maybe a car is parked inside. But who can take the hassle of pulling in and out of a garage in this day and age? Someone who wants to hide?
If Jacob really did fear for his life, wouldn't his house be pimped with working security? Not if he wanted to move in and blend out of sight. And who knows his talents? What hidden layers of security could a science/techno genius install? Well, nothing too effective. He still got snatched or killed. Or maybe it's all on me. I'm front of the stage, the star of the show.
What have I learned? Not much. Possibilities, nothing more. Although, if I had to choose, I'd say the house was empty.
I pull out my knife - a hunting knife that belonged to my dad when he was a boy. The five-inch lock blade makes it illegal to carry in public, but the streets at this hour are hardly being out in public.
I slice off a strip of bark from a tree and cut it into three small pieces. I then wedge each thin, rigid piece between an exterior door and its frame. If someone opens the door, the bark will fall out and let me know someone has been in or out when I return to the house the following night.



CHAPTER 2


I enter the kitchen. Mum and the Stepdad are cramped together around the table, sharing twenty minutes before he leaves to start a shift at work. His breakfast, her dinner. I've eaten already cooked my own. Chilli made from scratch. I often cook to feed us all. I'd left them some in the pan, but they couldn't take the heat.
I just popped in to tell a lie - I was off to join a karate class. 
"Really?" Mum says, rejuvenated by what for her is a pleasant surprise.
I pick up a spoon and the pan of chilli and stand scoffing what should have been theirs, waiting to deal with the questions before I can make my getaway.
"Where, at the school?" Mum asks.
"School's closed. It's the holidays," I say sarcastically to keep in character.
"Then where?"
"The swimming baths in the quarry. It's got a gym and all sorts."
"Well, that's great."
Great? Really? Yeah, for her. That's how low we've fallen. 
She continued, "How did you find out about it?"
"Someone from school. Their dad runs it."
"You've been talking to people?"
"No."
"Well, you must have-"
"Fending off questions, that's all."
"Well, it's people making an effort, Blake."
"Doing their job."
"Meaning?"
"My officially appointed new best friend. All new kids get one. Turns out we both do karate."
"Well, good, that's great. What about money? What does it cost? Here, let me pay."
"Costs nothing. I'm only watching."
"Why just go to watch?"
"He might be a prick."
"Blake! Who?"
"The instructor."
"Your friend's dad."
"She's not my friend."
"She?"
"Yeah, a girl? Well, men are pricks, who can punch better, so,"
"Blake!"
"On average, not all, by no means."
I glance at the stepdad. He knows it, too, although he doesn't dare look at me. I turn away to face the stove. There's a pause. I suspect mum and him share a look to offer support to each other and confirm restraint. 
"Right, well, is she any good?"
"No, she's ginger, not my type."
"I meant at karate!"
"How do I know?" I say it loud to stop a lecture.
"Well, what belt is she?" asks Mum, just trying to keep the conversation alive.
"What's it matter? She ain't good enough. Not enough to fend me off. If she tries anything, she'll be straight on her knees."
I know, in 2022. But whatever happened to the fine art of pissing people off?
"Blake!!"
"Joking! And going! I'll be back about nine."
"Wait. Take some money for a drink or something."
Job done. I leave. 
I told Jacob I'd be there at seven, but I plan to arrive at six-fifteen. I want some life left in the day, but the night still nice and black, and Jacob perhaps unprepared.
I must stop calling it Jacob. I'll call it The App instead. My dad has a technique of remembering faces when he's at work or in the field. He assigns the face a made-up name, usually something stupid or taking the piss. The name should connect the person to an image in your head but never be too friendly or personal. He adapted advice he heard from a man who ran a smallholding farm. If you name your animals, you risk turning them into pets which complicates matters when you take them to slaughter.
I park my bike at the swimming baths. I based my lie on fact. The karate class starts at seven, but Ava has no connection. She does have ginger hair, though, which is long and shockingly red, but none of the wild, my dad says, makes every redhead an interesting possibility. Too worthy, and dull, too keen to please. A girl who volunteers to be the special friend of the new boy with special needs. The guilty posh, my dad would call her, people who, if I had to, would be the best sort to rob.
I jog away through the Quarry and over Porthill Bridge - my hooded tracksuit giving cover and making me feel legit. In one gloved hand, I clench my phone in the other, my knife. 
The road I have to cross is busy with traffic driving into town. A burst of speed takes me across. A car horn blasts my way. I refrain from giving the finger, fearing I could drop my knife or phone.
Kingsland is the most alive I've seen it, including today mid-afternoon when I rode through on my bike. Seeing the house in daylight tells me nothing new. 
There are plenty of lighted windows lining the street. And several cars pass me, and a man walking a dog. But nothing makes me change my mind or hesitate. When I reach the house, I jump the wall and hide amongst the trees, a brief pause to settle in.
The three pieces of bark remain in place. Moving to the front door, I turn on my phone and bring The App to life. He, it, gets straight down to business saying,
"You're here, Blake. Earlier than you said. Good. 5671, now open the box and take the key."
I follow the instructions and find a single door key in the otherwise empty box.
As I slide the key into the lock, The App chooses to share a detail - the electricity is off. So once inside, I will need to turn it on.
"Why's it off?" I ask, suspicion making me tense.
"Ask those whose crime we investigate. It is how the perpetrators left the scene. The fuse box is in a cupboard under the stairs. Just flip the master switch."
"And is this cupboard empty?"
"It is."
"Yeah, well, if I even find a spider, you can..."
I turn the phone off. I'm not sure why, although, no point telling a machine to go fuck off.
I twist the key then push the door. As it slowly opens, I aim my phone inside, so the screen throws some light beyond the entrance. A hallway, barely lifted out of the dark, but one I reckon beats for size every room in the rented shithole I get to call my house. To my right, I can see a staircase, which rises beyond the light to vanish into black. I hear nothing to cause alarm. I step inside, knife extended. A light switch flicked changes nothing. I kick a pile of uncollected mail and count two editions of the free weekly paper. The air is no warmer than the air outside. I leave the front door open. Screen light illuminates nothing of menace, but what could lie waiting beneath the stairs? I think, open the door and stab the knife in, catch anything that shouldn't be there. But I hesitate, think, no. What if? 
I don't feel like being slow. I rush to the cupboard and snatch the door open at a good arm's length, then more as I instinctively shuffle back. Nothing leaps out. But I leap forward, stabbing and slashing the knife into the space inside. As I hook a bladed punch, my gloved knuckles graze a wall, but nothing else connects.
On the fuse box, I find a dozen or so switches that all point up, but one, on its own, points down. I flip it up. It changes nothing.
The light switch I tried gets pressed again. Light fills the hall. It's empty. No furniture, no pictures on the wall. Still silence inside, not even plumbing creaking into life.
I shut the front door loudly, slamming it. Then stand there waiting, listening. No sound competes with my thumping heart; nothing creaks or rustles or creeps into play. The indoor security camera fixed to the ceiling watches me dead-eyed. A security chain and two heavy bolts fitted to the door confirms someone past or present took home security seriously. 
Eight minutes pass easily. When I walk away, my heart is tottering away at a calm fifty-five.
The furniture in the living doesn't match the house, too young, too new, too thinly spread. Only the fixtures and fittings belong. Having been shunted around from house to house, I know these come as part of the deal. The curtains, carpet, wall and ceiling lights all ooze tasteful cash and unity. The rest - a plain table or desk with a single wooden chair; a futon, just like the one I once had to use, with quilt and pillow dumped on top; a leather recliner, soft for comfort and looking new; and a mountain bike, which again looks newly bought as well as top-of-the-range expensive. What else takes my eye? The space, which owns the room
I prowl into every room knife and senses primed and ready but stumble into little more than soulless emptiness, all of which Jacob has seen fit to put under surveillance using home CCTV. There's a camera in every room.
In the kitchen, at least I find food. But all of it vegan fluff - shitty portions for one and maybe a fantasy friend. The use-by date on a chilled three-bean enchiladas ready meal has a week to go, as do several other So Organic and Sainsbury's Taste the Difference products. 
I find no alcohol, just several bottles of sparkling water and a couple of bags of organic ground coffee. The usual appliances are all built-in. The cupboards are bare. One draw holds a scattering of cutlery. On the drainer, I count a few plates and bowls.
Only one of the four bedrooms shows signs of recently housing a human. Ironed clothes hang in a built-in wardrobe - seven pairs of dark coloured casual trousers along with plenty of dull-arsed t-shirts and sweats. All look hardly worn, and they're all the same brand, Folk, a brand that's new to me. On the floor is a neatly folded pile of clean white towels. 
A bathroom reveals soap, shampoo, a charging beard trimmer, toilet paper, towels, a toothbrush, and toothpaste. I touch nothing, thinking about a dead man's DNA colliding with my own.
Walking down the stairs, I sniff the air. I had half expected to taste the smell of death, but the air has no malice, nor even any of that mustiness houses get when sealed off from the outside world.
Back in the living room, I turn on my phone and eyeball The App. His stare tells me what? That I actually believe it's looking at me. 
It holds my stare for a couple of seconds then speaks. "So you didn't find a spider, Blake?"
"A little one, a money one, so show me the money, Jacob?"
"I will, but first a laptop needs to connect."
I ask where. The App tells me to look on the futon under the pillow. There I find a MacBook Pro. On the table, I start it up. Jacob tells me how and gives me the password to hack me in. The desktop screen reveals nothing. I see no personalisation, no background image, nothing to hint who this Jacob is. 
As I wait for further instruction, I wonder why Jacob's enemies left the MacBook behind. Whatever they were after, surely any dick would think to check the man's computer? Perhaps they did and found nothing. But why not whip the MacBook away and take time to analyze it? Maybe all they needed to do was snatch the man. Computers don't care if you beat them to shit for failing to give up information. Perhaps they feared it had a tracking device installed, or Jacob loaded it with viruses or whatever? Never underestimate your enemy, I suppose.
I'd have taken the MacBook if only to destroy it. It's a competitive world. Nothing is of value to just one man. And what value has the prize that requires a man kidnapped and/or murdered?
I think about exploring the MacBook myself, even wondering if I could acquire it for free or at a knockdown price. But then the screen crashes to a single slab of blue. The App, no doubt, is making it worthless. Why, what information does it have to hide?
The few minutes of silence is broken by The App.
"Thank you, Blake. I know so much more now."
I look at The App. A glint in its eye shows satisfaction. An algorithm. Who cares? Aren't we all just algorithms?
I conceded a task to The App. Now I want the rewards as offered. I tell it I need it to prove its word. Not that I do, real or not, all I want is the money promised. I have my price, like everyone. Let's hope it doesn't have an algorithm to calculate how cheap I really am.
It directs me to a torch, then out through the back door into the garden, across a patio, down a gravelled path to stop at a junction, a sharp right turn that cuts across a large expanse of lawn that leads to a fence.
Dead centre, it tells me, walk to the middle, the absolute dead centre, it says, as if boasting.
I do, my best guess anyway, which proves pretty good because I quickly find it. Pushing the gravel from the path, I first unearth a metre square plastic board, which I remove to uncover a safe buried in the ground, its door pointing up.
The code is the same as the key box. The space inside is small, just enough to store two heavy-duty zipped sealed plastic bags. The first contains no surprises - several USB drives, an iPhone, an iPad, one charger, and a prepaid credit card. The second, a handgun and two boxes of ammunition. 
For a second, I don't believe my find. It doesn't look real, too far-fetched, but also too familiar. It's just a gun. Or, as my dad would say, a weapon. You never use the term gun, even when playing video games. It's a semi-automatic pistol.
"Is is real?" I ask.
"Yes."
"Where'd you get it?" 
"I don't have information."
"Then why, what's it's for?"
"Hope."
"Hope?" I laugh.
"That I may have been able to use it."
"Why lock it in a safe then?"
"Fear of the truth."
"You want me to leave it?"
"I want us to find the truth, to be able to win."
I have won, I think to myself. A phone, a pre-paid credit card, a boss I can switch off and ignore. Jacob's enemies are not my own. I have no enemies, well, boredom and curiosity, perhaps. But no front line war for me and plenty of shadows to sink back into. 
I close and lock the safe, leaving the weapon and ammunition inside, then put back the board and gravel.
I'm not sure if the iPhone is the latest and best iPhone money can buy, but it stinks of the best to me. I don't like it. It feels too posh, too precious like it couldn't take an insult, let alone a punch. For the job, I'll use it. And of course, I'll keep it safe and valuable.
I turn it on and note the battery has a ninety per cent charge. The display, which is ultra HD, makes Jacob look alive, ready to burst born again through the screen.
The App watches while I smash the USB drives and then the iPad. Once again, I detect its satisfaction. I use a hammer from under the sink, which looks brand new, bought for the job.
Of course, I wonder what it is I am destroying. Jacob's work, perhaps, or a copy of it, one he can't completely control. 
It even wants me to add my old phone to the pile of waste. I don't protest. The new iPhone more than compensates. But as I plan to use it for business only, I will buy a cheap pay-as-you-go burner to make any personal or off-record calls. It won't be a problem updating my contacts with a new number. I only have two, mum and dad.
People say it's easy to stay in touch these days. Yeah, and it's just as easy to go AWOL. People quickly dump those who don't connect, like or comment. And double easy for me, having been bounced from one school to the next. 
All good to me. Be invisible. My virtual footprint is tiny. The less the world knows about me, the better I'll be. Live in the shadows to work in the shadows. The State needs its secrets and men who are nothing but numbers.
I play no role in the social world. So no need to conform or to present myself correctly. Inner thoughts are freedom. As my dad says, all the Lords and Barons at the medieval court knew how to play the game. All were experts in the etiquette required to advance themselves and keep the king happy. But how many alone with their inner thoughts made plots to stab the king dead?
Next, it tells me to set up the iPhone's Face ID and passcode to keep the phone secure.
Once complete, I ask Jacob if the four-digit number written on the label stuck to the prepaid card is the pin. It says it is. 
"Can I use it to withdraw cash?" I ask.
"Yes," it says, which is the answer I want to hear.
"Can you track what I spend?" I ask.
"No. Not with a prepaid card. And neither can it be cancelled. I want you to know that. It is all yours now."
"Well, let me say, I accept it."
"And if Jacob is found alive and freed, there will be other significant rewards." 
I don't ask him what the card is worth. I can find out that myself and save my reaction for me alone. 
So what now? Free a kidnapped man or bring his killers to justice. Fine, but in two weeks, I'm back at school.
That makes me laugh and think of a question. How does Jacob know this house is a crime scene? What proof does he have?
The answer, Jacob, the man, chipped himself. His location and heart rate were constantly beamed to his digital self. The final ping of information before the chip went dead put Jacob in bedroom three. If the chip remained intact, it would continue to function for an hour after death. But the chip died before Jacob's heart rate was recorded as zero. If the chip malfunctioned, an alarm would sound, and The App would take appropriate action. But this alarm didn't sound. The likely version of events, the chip was cut from his body and destroyed. 
So his enemies knew about the chip? They likely guessed, being professionals and thorough. Jacob knew the chip wasn't foolproof, just one layer of defence.
I ask The App what other layers Jacob had in place. But before I get an answer, I'm directed to bedroom three to take a closer look.
I missed the blood the first time around. It goes to show what an empty room can hide. 
Behind the opened door, I find a blood-stained patch of carpet. Not that I know it is blood. It looks thick and sticky, dark red and not yet dried. Is it youth or the cold keeping it moist? Splattered against the wall not far away is more of the blood. All of it low to the ground, less than a meter above the skirting board. Does that mean the blow that sprung the leak hit when Jacob, or whoever, was down on the floor?
If they used a knife to cut the chip out, and I bet there's a device to detect and locate such a thing, the blood surely wouldn't splurt and splatter? Well, that's how I see it now playing in my mind - a calm, surgical incision. Perhaps they had to knock him out first. 
They didn't come here to kill. They came to snatch a target, to bundle Jacob away for questioning, revenge and then whatever.
The quantity of blood doesn't shock me. I reckon I've seen more, much more, burst from a broken nose.
I put my thoughts to Jacob, who tells me he has no valid comment to make, then instructs me to photograph the bloodstains using the phone. As I do, two dozen shots shooting wide and in close-up, the position of the carpet stain makes me wonder if Jacob had positioned himself to be standing hidden behind the door when the door was pushed open from the outside. So did he know intruders were in the house?
I move to the window and now notice a closed blind blocking the view in and out. I peer through the slats and see a narrow flat roof a metre below the window. It looks to be a good way to escape, a platform from which to lower yourself down safely to the ground.
I feel the cold, the emptiness, inside the house and out. As my dad says the Norwegians say, there is no bad weather, only bad clothing. So I arm myself and grip my knife to protect myself against the chill.
"Blake," The App calls. "There is another property, another layer of defence."
I lock up the house, returning it to the dark and cold. The second property is a flat in a building across the street, almost directly opposite the house.
The building looks modern, a purpose-built apartment block with a flat roof four storeys high. There are eight bays for off-road parking. A Range Rover Evoque, a BMW X5, and a bright yellow Ford Mustang fill three. So this is where middle-aged, middle-class divorced men come to wank themselves to misery.
A security light picks me up and leads me to the entrance. Brightly lit windows add to the welcome. 
I don't need a key. Entry into the building is through a door secured by a digital keypad. Jacob gives me the code. Four flights of stairs take me to the top floor, where a single apartment is waiting for company. Another digital keypad secures the door.
The apartment is pretty much just space, all open plan, no nooks or crannies for anyone to hide in. A slimline, self-assembled desk and chair are the only added pieces of furniture. A laptop, plugged into a wall socket, sits on the desk in sleep mode. Instructed to wake it, I tap a key. The screen comes alive. I see two CCTV video feeds that film the house opposite - a close-up of the driveway, including the garage, and a wide shot of the street directly outside the house. 
The quality is impressive, halfway between colour and black and white, glossed with a yellow sheen. Street lighting and the external security light, now pumped with electricity, are all that light the scene.
The App tells me its physical self bought the apartment as a bolthole and as a means to film the house secretly.
"Did he use different names and identities?" I ask.
"He did," says The App.
"How?"
"He's a genius."
"Can't be hard though, can it? I bet he paid cash."
"He did."
And it can't be hard. Jacob paid cash for both. So no mortgage forms or credit checks to fill and make. I know, if you buy a property, you have to register the details with the Land Registry and pay the correct tax. But as long as the fake ID is in place, why would it be a problem? And anyway, I bet you could pretend to be some investor prick from overseas.
"So, how much did he pay in total?" I ask.
"That is not relevant."
Well, it is to me, given the only human with a key or code is me. Now obviously, Shrewsbury is a long way from London in miles and money, but even so, I reckon three hundred grand for the apartment and double for the house below. Still plenty of cash to me.
"Did Jacob make a will?" I ask.
"No. And let us consider Jacob alive."
"Yeah, good, we should, 'cause I need a job that pays this well."
"Then earn your worth."
We get back to work. 
The App tells me it has video footage I need to watch as it may contain vital information. And it does. Recorded footage from the two CCTV cameras shot during the final few minutes before Jacob's chip went dead begins to play. 
A man, I guess it's a man - got the build and threat - dressed in black combats, his face covered by a tilted baseball cap, appears out the dark jogging towards the gate that fences off the driveway. He unlocks the gate, quick and effortlessly, then pulls it open.
"What time was this?" I ask.
"Twenty-two-fifty hours."
A dark coloured van, something like a Volkswagen Transporter, sweeps into the driveway. The gateman closes the gate but doesn't lock it. The van's lights switch off. 
The external security light illuminates the close-up shot, which shows several figures exiting the van and moving off towards the house.
"Four minutes later, the chip goes dead," says The App. "But then, eleven minutes later."
In the wide-shot, a man approaches the house along the street, jogging and dressed for it too in skintight leggings and top and wearing a rucksack on his back that looks well packed. He wears no hat, and as he nears the house, he slows to a walk and glances around nervously. The gateman appears and opens the gate to let him in.  
I ask the question, is the jogger part of the original team? The App asks me to explain my reasoning, then concludes I might be right. 
The footage jumps forward sixteen minutes. The security light is off, allowing darkness to hide the driveway. The gateman, caught in the glow of the well-lighted street, appears at the gate to once again do his job. The van reverses out. The gateman follows, leaving the gate closed. With the van rolling to a stop, he jumps in through an opened door. The van drives away and vanishes out of shot.
"Do you see the last man in come back out?" I ask.
"No," answers Jacob.
"Can you see this video like I can with my human eyes?"
"No, but neither would a bat or a fly."
"What about the security camera in the house? Didn't they film anything?"
"No, they and the alarm were disabled."
"So is that it, that's all you know?"
"No, there's more."
The App explains, when the chip died, it activated a drone to take off from the roof of the apartment building. Jacob had programmed the drone to detect and track any movement away from the house using a variety of built-in sensors. A heat sensor picked up the van and followed it as it drove away.
"Followed it to where?" I ask.
"A private hospital," Jacob answers.
"In Shrewsbury?"
"Yes."
"Did it park? Did people get out?"
"Before stopping, the van was lost from view."
"Went undercover, under a roof?"
"That is likely. After six minutes, the van or an object with an identical profile reappeared just metres away from where it had vanished. Then fifty-five seconds later, the vehicle parked in the hospital car park. The drone detected no further movement, including the movement of personnel in and out of the van. However, forty-eight minutes later, due to low battery power, the drone returned to base."
"So who needed treatment?"
"Jacob."
"He didn't fight?"
"I am Jacob fighting. Jacob was not a physical man."
"He was hiding, ready. Well, trying to escape but cornered, grab a knife, lash the fuck out, anything to win."
"Anything?"
"Either he did the damage or forced them to damage him, to go in too hard. Or what about the chip, if they cut that out, maybe that went wrong?"
"Yes, more likely."
"So the hospital wasn't planned. Wouldn't make sense if it was. Get the man then get away fast and completely. That had to be their plan. So his injuries must have been proper fucked-up, ones they couldn't ignore if they wanted to keep him alive."
"Yes."
"The jogger, I reckon I'm right. He's local, not part of the original plan. He came late in different clothes. A doctor called in to help. Can you do a search? Does a doctor live nearby? It's posh enough round here."
"I can."
"They couldn't call an ambulance, but a friendly doctor with ways to make things happen at a private hospital."
"Doctor Clesham of 5 Roman Road, a fifteen-minute walk away, a consultant at the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital in the Trauma and Orthopaedics Department. Male, aged 39. A marathon runner and a former Regimental Medical Officer with the Parachute Regiment."
"The Paras?"
"Yes."
"For real? How'd you know?"
"I learn. I discover. All that information is freely available, and I pass through it all at the speed of light."
"Well, what about the private hospital, does he work there too?"
"He does."
"Can you hack their computers, find out if Jacob or anyone was admitted at that time?"
"I already have, and the answer is no. And for your attention, private hospitals don't deal with emergencies, they-"
"I know what they do. They're for rich people who want to jump the queue."
"Are you against that?"
"No, good on them. Survival of the fittest. Do you? Would Jacob?"
"Yes."
"Bullshit. As my dad says, only the rich can afford to be socialists. Our breed is born to graft or to fight for the scraps any way we can. Jacob could afford it. That's for certain."
"Talk for another time. We are finished here for now. I will send the data I have on Doctor Clesham to your phone."
"Could Jacob still be at the hospital? How long's it been?"
"Approaching twenty-two hours."
"They'd want to get him out fast."
"They would."
"Worth taking a look, though."
"Vital, I'll work on how. And Dr Clesham, he must be investigated too. I will search more deeply."
"I could go to the hospital now, check the car park and nearby hotels. The van crew might need somewhere to stay."
"Yes. And tomorrow, the hospital."
"Okay, but how come, if Jacob knew his enemy, he, you don't know where to find them?"
"Jacob was fooled. The truth was hidden from him. He thought them a force for good. But no, they are not."


CHAPTER 3


I cycle to the hospital. It's not my first priority. Fuck no. My main concern is to learn the balance of the prepaid debit card.
As I pedal along, thoughts creep in. Am I on the right side? I mean this doctor, a former Para, the same as my dad. We're all for the regiment, for Queen and country. And the other side is what? A hippy geek vegetarian who I know nothing about. But the truth is this, a lot of ex-soldiers follow the money. My dad does now. So maybe a pre-soldier can do the same, as long as no loyalties clash.
I pass a cluster of local shops - a Co-op, hairdressers, chippie, and so on. I pull in and find an ATM.
The card and pin are both legit. I hit the button to display the balance. The figure shown makes me laugh, £50,000. I know I could think too much about it, so I don't. I accept it as all and rightfully mine to spend on me and the job.
I try and withdraw a grand but can't. The daily limit is £400. So out four-hundred comes all in twenties. It's still a sum that feels good and weighty.
Wanting more, I enter the Co-op to buy a couple of energy drinks and a chocolate bar. I ask the woman behind the till,
"What's the max cashback I can have?"
"A hundred pounds," she answers.
"Yeah, then I'll take it."
The private hospital looks tiny compared to the NHS ones I've seen. But then, none of the masses to stuff inside.
The car park reveals no suitable suspect, no van at least. I stay hidden behind trees that enclose the grounds to avoid the CCTV. I also think Jacob is probably under guard. The darkened cars may hide men watching and ready to keep the asset safe.
I check the iPhone for nearby hotels. A Travel Lodge is a mile away. When I get there, I find only cars that wait outside. 
I open the app to report my findings. There's an option to send a message or to make a call. I send a message and receive a near-instant replay, "Okay, Blake. Rest now."
I see the app has a privacy mode, whatever that means, so I activate it, as I need to think, to make some plans. So off I head to Nando's. 
I get lucky and claim a table for two, jumping the queue past several groups of four or more. They don't look happy. But that could be the cocky smirk I freely wave their way. And the comment, "Trouble with families that, mate, innit?" I share with some harassed looking dad of two.
I order a mini feast, extra hot. The prepaid card does its job with a single tap and beep.
Sitting down, I hear my name called, too loud and enthusiastically. It's Ava. She's not going to miss her chance to vomit niceness and, as she sees it, help me. She's with her mum and dad. Why don't I join them? I take a look. Mum and dad are looking at me and smiling as they know me. 
I begin to think they're religious freaks always willing to share and teach the nonsense they believe. The mum could definitely teach me a thing or two. She's a redhead from the land of dad with a little wild darkness kicking beneath the surface. Or maybe that's just my wishful thinking. Still, I decline Ava's offer.
"But you don't want to eat alone," she says, genuinely shocked that I might. "It's all right with mum and dad."
"Well, tell your mum thanks, but say another time when we can be alone," I reply.
"Us?" She asks to confirm.
"Us," I reply. "I'm not being a prick. It's just, I've got to scoff the food quick then get back on to other things."
"Oh, okay. It was nice of me to ask, though?" She says, weirdly, as if asking a question. 
Does she need to know she's been nice? Does she want me to drop her a five-star review online somewhere?
"Yeah," I give her that.
"Great. So another time then?" She says feeling no rejection, her sunny positivity still ruling her roost.
"Yeah. I'll see you at school."
After beaming a smile at me, she bounces back to her table, her parents brimming with pride at her good deed for the day, good karma tank topped up to full, fuel to save them when it all kicks off. 
Ava tried to sign me up for a climate change protest. It was the one time I saw her positivity vanish, replaced with anxiety and genuine gloom. I told her, no way. I couldn't care less. She didn't take me seriously, said I had to care. It was my future, after all. 
But my future is sorted. All these middle-class pricks marching to save the planet, it's more fear of the masses getting in their way. Their only future concern is their own future concern, that life won't be as sweet for them as they think it rightly should. And fair enough. I'm looking out for myself too. Join the army, hunker down, get ready for it all to kick off. At least you'll get fed and have a place to sleep, possess the equipment you need to survive. 
Join the state, the military, the biggest gang of all. That's my plan, my plan to find a life. I'll happily eat alone until I sign the forms. These shitty years are a stepping stone to all of that and more.
I glance at Ava, now explaining to her mum and dad my special needs. I can't help think the mum looks slightly impressed by my willingness to decline Ava's offer. She tries to look at me slyly but catches my stare. So does her dad, who looks annoyed at the cold, dirty rudeness I must have had to reject his daughter's royal command. It has to be asked, does having a daughter turn a man into an uptight prick? If I asked a girl like Ava had asked me, and she said no, my dad would rip the piss out of me for the entire night, only stopping to wet himself with laughter.
I say the shitty years, but here I am with fifty grand on tap for me to use. I pull out the iPhone. The latest and the best. Let the world take a look. It gives me a buzz. A secret is mine unknown to all around me. Like some criminal high on a successful job. Risk and reward. I can see the attraction. Perhaps I wear the thrill, the success, and money all too flash? A couple of good looking girls give me the eye, which I barely acknowledge because I really do have other things to do. However, I give more time to two boys, both about my age. They throw me some dirty stares to weigh me up as some potential threat or as a means to win respect. It goes nowhere when I don't back down, plainly up for whatever they got.
Eating my food, I get on with the job. Any concerns I had that Jacob is a fraud, that this whole thing is some set-up are gone. There's too much involved - the van crew, the money and so on. I accept the situation is real.
I want mobility and speed as much as I can get. I see two options. Buy an electric mountain bike or a scooter. Both have pros and cons. The scooter wins as high risk, high reward. And it's always ready to go.
I don't have a licence, but I've ridden scooters before, well messed about with several. My granddad was a Mod and had a small collection of classic Vespas that are mine to own now he's dead. But as the law of mum states, not until I'm seventeen and I've taken a CBT. 
Anyway, if I can handle a 1970s Vespa, albeit messing about on private land, I'm sure I can handle a modern scooter with a twist and go automatic transmission. 
The risk is the law. I won't be legal on the road. The rewards are many, not least buying a scooter is a legitimate expense. It will help the mission. But it's also an asset I can later sell to pocket the cash. 
Storage is an issue. I can't take it home, but I could park it on the street. Or, the house we rent is ex-council and without a garage but originally came with an off-site garage to use. A previous owner sold it, but whoever owns it now rents these lock-ups out, or so we were told when moving in. If I can find the relevant contact details, I could rent one.
Using my phone, I search for a used scooter to buy - from a private seller only. If I go to a dealership, I'm sure they'll need to see a valid licence and proof of insurance before letting me ride away. 
It doesn't take long. A 125cc Python at under a grand and taxed for a month looks perfect. I call the seller to confirm the scooter is still for sale, which it is. I speak to a woman who gives me the facts I need to know. We arrange a time, early tomorrow morning, for me to come round to take a look. She's not very chatty, but I manage to learn she's a mature student hoping to sell the scooter and buy a car before returning to college after the Easter holidays, which is good news for me. With the chance she may need to use the scooter again, she'll have kept it insured.
If she asks for my details for the V5C document, I'll give her a fake name and address. If she's a pain, she might ask to see my driving licence. If she does, so what? I'll look elsewhere.
I reckon the time it will take for the DVLA to process the change of ownership will be a week at least, and that's if the seller posts the documents straight away or does it online, and even if she cancels the insurance just as quick, that should still give me a week or so to ride the roads with the scooter seen as legal. Later on, if I need to tax and insure, both of which I can do online, I'll use the stepdad's details because he does actually have a motorbike licence. So finally, he has a use.
I get up to leave, a smile on my face for all to see. Some tasty food, a flirty look from a couple of girls, and a dirty stare from a couple of dicks, it's all good news to me.


CHAPTER 4


I own a scooter. The cost, £850 with a helmet thrown in. The woman I bought it from was strictly business and as dull as they come in look, style, and attitude. She even called herself Ms Roberts. Did she think I was a child or somehow beneath her? I told her my name was Carlos, to amuse myself. She didn't flinch, didn't question. She had no interest in me.  So good news all round. I bet she's studying social work.
She did a good job giving a solid sales pitch and answering all my questions. She wouldn't let me have a test ride, fearful I might never return, but gave me a demo that told me all the facts I needed to know. She took my cash and fake details outside the door to her tiny ground floor flat, preferring not to invite me in. No ID was required, which I reckon is legit, as she gave me a seller's receipt which stated 'sold as seen, and approved without guarantee', so I guess she knew what her legal obligations were.
The scooter is easy to ride, but I play it nice and safe. A twenty-minute practice session around the quiet roads of the housing estate eases me in. I don't break thirty miles per hour, but even that gives me a thrill. Not that I plan any reckless behaviour. To be without discipline is to be weak and shitty. A bigger picture, the mission, must always be the boss. I can't afford police attention or a crash to drop mine or the scooter's value.
The full-face helmet is too tight, and the inside stinks of onions. I plan to buy a new one, some gloves, and a jacket too.
Of course, Mum kept the contact details for the off-site garage. She worries too much about pointless things. I found a business card in the kitchen draw we stuff full of pointless things which showed no email or website address, only a number for a mobile phone.
I gave it a call and spoke to a man who gave me the third degree before revealing any info. Where did I live? How did I get his details? And so on. Finally, he told me his name was Tommo. I nearly laughed, a grown man who calls himself Tommo. 
I pull up at the lock-ups, a block of five. The metal doors need a coat of paint but are solid, and there's absolutely no graffiti, perhaps kept clean by Tommo's reputation. The location is just round the corner from my house, but with my mum at work and the stepdad sleeping, the risk is minimum. Tommo arrives on foot, shuffling quickly along, his feet sticking out at ten to two. He's no taller than me and twice as old, at least, and stocky too. He's council estate flash and dressed like a prick wearing a bright blue Barbour pop over jacket. His ill-fitting jeans have got to be Armani. His grinning face tells me he thinks I'm one of his own. 
"You all right, buddy? You the man, are yer?" he says, almost laughing. Then glancing at the scooter. "Need this off the streets, do yer?"
"Nah, just safe and sound, you know?" I reply.
"Don't I just. You ever need to sell it, give me a shout." 
That opens up the taps, and he laughs loudly but quickly gets back to business. "It's the one on the end. A hundred notes a month, cash. No contract. You pay me the week before it's due, or you can fuck off."
"Fine."
"Anything I should know."
"I live nearby."
"You said on the phone."
"And I don't want my mum finding out," I say to make it clear and to minimise any risk. Knowing it sounds lame and continuing to hear Tommo's snorting grunt of a laugh, I continue, "We all love our mums, but not everything a man does should put a smile on their face. If you know what I mean?"
"I should fuckin hope so."
Laughing, he moves in to shake my hand. I pass him the money; he gives me the key.


CHAPTER 5


The hospital, I'm going in. Jacob sent me the plan last night. It made me think, what sort of brain has it got? 
I used to have a statement of educational special needs until funding cuts, and my apathy told the powers that be my only problem was being a cunt. I now work for The Machine as everyone does, although credit where credit's due, I'm earning a shitload more than the average man.
Intelligence, I reckon people won't need much of that soon, so better develop other skills and qualities. 
Jacob has hacked into the hospital's computer system. On the night Jacob was admitted, records for one room only were changed. Its status went from unoccupied to occupied. It's the room we aim to enter. 
"What's the patient's name?" I ask The App. "And what're the medical notes say?"
"All discounted. We can't trust them," it answers.
The hacked CCTV gives me a good view of the hospital and the route from the reception desk to the room. The inside of which isn't covered by a CCTV camera. Jacob tells me no CCTV exists that shows Jacob entering the hospital. If there was such footage, someone must have deleted it.
The visiting rules state that all visitors must report to reception, where they will be issued a visitors badge. 
My cover is simple. I'm William, the grandson of Georgina Hayes, who has a private room close to where we believe Jacob to be. Georgina is recovering from a cholecystectomy operation, which was successful. However, given her age and other health issues, including vascular dementia, she is being kept in for observation.
I question the name William, but Jacob tells me it's the grandson's actual name. I'm home from Bristol University, where I study law. 
"Too much information," I say.
"Never enough information," Jacob replies.
I'm walking to the hospital. The scooter is parked at the Co-op, a ten-minute walk away. As I couldn't hide it from Jacob, I told it straight. But not a problem. According to its calculations, it will prove to be a useful tool. 
I'm wearing a pair of fake glasses with a hidden camera and microphone built-in. The camera isn't HD, but from what I've seen is good enough, and Jacob can zoom in and out as required. 
The microphone is one-directional, designed to record the sound of anyone talking to me. The range is limited to five metres max depending on volume and environmental factors, and ideally, I need to be looking at the person who is speaking to me.
The objectives are simple, to find Jacob, learn his state of health, and discover the options, if any, we have to free him, or at least stop the kidnappers moving him, which they'll want to do ASAP. The irony isn't lost on The App.
"His depleted health acts as his temporary saviour," it says.
"It makes you think, what went wrong? How professional the crew from the van are?"
"Human error is always-"
"Oh fuck off," I cut it off. Surely I can't offend a machine. "Monkeys don't fly planes, and we make the machines, so what other error can there be? And here's something that's just popped into my head, human style, an idea, maybe Jacob injured himself. Maybe it was a play he made."  
"Interesting and noted," replies Jacob without sounding offended. And then changing the subject. "You must also take photos of him."
"Why?"
"Evidence."
"To show who?"
"Activists."
"What Greta and the crew?" I say sort of joking.
"No. No one you can know, yet."
"People who will help?"
"Perhaps. And truth is bait, is it not? And should I not expose those who wish to suppress my truth?"
I'm sure I catch a brief pulse of excitement live and die on Jacob's face, the red blood flowing pumping through the veins.
Instead of walking along the path to reach the hospital's entrance, I cut through the car park to check cars for people inside. I pass a Vauxhall Vectra. A man sits in the driver's seat, sun visor down to cover his face. It's a classic hire car and is parked to give a good view of the car park and hospital entrances. I reckon most of the van crew would have left Shrewsbury by now. They've done their job. A target snatched and under control. But a few will remain to keep the asset safe, to be boots on the ground. If so, it makes sense to hire a car. I don't linger a look. I do nothing to cause suspicion.
Approaching the entrance, I get my focus. I'm posh boy William. I know I look older than I am, but studying law at university is pushing it and not just due to my age. However, who in the hospital other than Georgina Hayes knows or cares? 
Two women, like a middle-aged mum and her twenty-something daughter, one young and attractive the other not, sit behind the reception desk. I focus on mumsy and flash her a smile, hoping she'll appreciate me choosing her over the younger competition, but the flattery bombs.
"Hello," she says with zero charm or smile. Maybe she surrendered to the competition long ago. I laugh on purpose, just to confuse her and to let her know the best she can do is amuse me. I speak loudly, thinking it's confidence, trying to sound like some privately educated knob head.
"Hi, I'm William Hayes. I've come to visit my grandmother, Georgina Hayes. She's in for a cholecystectomy." I reel off the details to make me sound convincing. And then finish with, "Oh, and is Doctor Clesham around? He's a good friend of my father's." 
I don't know where that came from. But I know by saying it, I took a risk.
"You'll need to sign in," she says, pointing to the visitor's book then getting busy on her PC as she completely ignores my question.
"Great. And what about a visitors badge? Do I need one?" I ask." 
I want one as it will make me look legit if caught walking around alone, or it will at least help calm suspicions.
"You can have one if you want," she says with a slight air of taking the piss.
"Thank you," I say signing the book. "I don't want to look like a patient trying to escape, or a member of staff. And if you need to write a name on the badge, yes you can put Willy.
The younger woman breaks a sly smile. It isn't catching.
"Have you been before?" The oldie asks.
"No," I reply, but perhaps I should have said yes. A nurse may now show me to Georgina's room.
"I'll get someone to show you the way," she says.
Now she flashes a smile, almost knowing she's pissed me off. It makes me remember, I'm undercover trying to be discreet, no fuss, no drama, leave nothing for people to remember.
"Kelly, the boy's come to visit his grandmother, Mrs Hayes, in room 2E," She says to a passing nurse.
The boy? She's punching back. Good for her. I don't care. I'm looking at Kelly, who's stunning. If I come to harm on the job, then it's fifty grand to spend in here.
The oldie continues, "Kelly will show you to the room."
With all the porn sloshing around, it's surprising real women still have the magic to captivate, but good god, don't they just. 
Kelly leads the away. I gladly follow. Uniforms and civilians mill around. All appear to be women. The atmosphere seems friendly, warm, and open. They'll be playing bingo next. We pass an area for people to sit and talk. The smell of fresh coffee dominates not the usual hospital whiff that of defeated germs and people.
Leaving the reception area, we turn into a wide corridor that has doors running down either side, some open, but most closed. It's more an anonymous hotel than a hospital. But everyone here gets their own room.
Kelly turns and speaks to me.
"So you've come to visit your Nan," she says.
I can't help myself. "Yeah, well, you know, where there's a will, there's a  grandson happy to help."
She gets the joke and throws me a sweet little laugh before clearly reeling it in. 
I continue, "And there's a lot of competition, and all of them are very nice, very good boys."
"Oh, and you're the black sheep of the family, are you?"
"Never been compared to a sheep before. A donkey a few times."
Shit. The fact that I'm a juvenile sixteen-year-old is showing on the unimpressed face of a beautiful woman. She almost groans at how obvious I am.
I continue, "I mean, I'm a grafter. I study law at Bristol University."
"Do you now?"
She doesn't believe me. "I know. It's a shock to me as well."
"Is it now?."
"I got lucky. I'm mostly quite stupid."
"Really? Well, at least self-awareness is a tick in the box."
"Thank you. So all that nurse, caring, empathy sort of stuff bring that to the frontline now when I tell you I've left all my grandmother's stuff in the car."
"Her stuff?"
In tune with each other, we come to a stop.
"Book and whatever else my mum packed. None of which I ate completely," I say.
She just about laughs then tells me, "You'd better go fetch then, hadn't you?"
"Right, yes. Will you wait for me?"
"What, when I should be on my break? You can find your own way. Down there, turn right. All rooms are numbered. Should be easy for a boy studying law at university."
"You're going on a break now?"
"Yes."
"That's not a hint for me to ask you for a coffee?"
"No."
"Oh, just checking. I don't like to leave things hanging."
"Really, and you a donkey."
I laugh, and Nurse Kelly concedes a smile.
I hold out my hand for her to shake, "Well, thank you for your time, Kelly. I've been William Hayes, badly."
She takes my hand and gives it a quick, little shake while smiling to the tune of a sweet, little laugh.
"Okay, goodbye, William Badly."
She turns and walks away. I watch her, more to see if she turns back to look at me, but she doesn't. 
As she turns out of sight, I spin around and continue down the corridor. A nurse passes me without concern. I turn right. More staff - nurses and cleaners - quietly moving on to their next concern.
I find Jacob's room - just another closed door amongst many. I knock and enter. As I step inside, I call out, "Nan?" To set up an excuse if we're not alone. But we are alone. But then, who the fuck are we? A battered face adds a disguise to the thing near-dead lying in bed. Bruised and swollen, it doesn't look like any man. My heart races ahead of the slow, dull beep coming from one of the machines working to keep the man alive.
Shit, did he take a beating. One he's still out cold from. Tubes and wires are stuck and plugged into his arms and chest. Did he fall off the roof trying to escape? If so, why are none of his limbs plaster cast or otherwise strapped as they would be to heal broken bones? 
Did cutting out the chip go wrong? Perhaps the chip was planted in his face, and they tried to dig it out using a spade. It looks that way. No surgical precision. Something far more frenzied and savage. In the heat of something, with desperation fuelling the rage. Still, it seems unprofessional. Unless having him in here is nothing to them, no great strain. Perhaps this is where they did it, tried to get him to talk.
Signs of the beating, or whatever the impact was, continue down onto his upper torso. He lies there like nothing, like to me, he's already defeated, just an app and a boy soldier of fortune to plot his revenge.
As instructed to do so by the only conscious version of himself, I lean in close to film the man and the technology keeping him alive through the glasses I'm wearing. It's a serious room full of equipment. I linger on the monitors feeding data to the digital version of the mess that's on the bed.
A close-up look at his face suggests the man could be Jacob, or at least that he resembles the avatar seen in the app.
As I begin to remove the sheet that covers his body from the belly down, I hear the door open behind me. 
I look. A man steps in wearing civvies - jeans, shirt, blue cotton jacket. It's an outfit that looks brand new - like he hit a roll at T.K. Maxx. You could describe the black leather boots he wears as hiking or combat. I can't tell if they're fresh from a box and don't want to linger a stare to try and find out. He's an inch or two under six-foot but solidly built, and aged about thirty, so he has fitness and experience on his side.
He closes the door calmly, almost too slowly, then stands guarding it, his body totally at ease. It's obvious he considers me no physical threat. He has that pure sort of confidence posh boys get from public school and poor boys from the army. He knows I shouldn't be in the room.
"Wrong room," I say.
"Who, me or you?" He asks. He doesn't sound posh.
"Me."
"Yeah...Why?"
His stare is drilling through me. He can't figure me or my motives out.
"I wanted to look," I answer, glancing at Jacob.
"So your some sort of sick fuck?"
"Could be, don't know. I'm too young to tell," I say, trying to add some humour and failing. "Nah, I'm training. I'm joining the army fresh from school, so I thought it can't hurt to see some things. A few men down, if you know what I mean? Death, or the very nearly completely fucked."
He returns only silence for a good few seconds. I've given him something to think about, now all he has to do is believe.
"The army?" He asks.
"Yeah."
"What regiment?"
"The Marines, 42 Commando, same as my dad." A lie, but I don't want to leave a connection.
"Yeah, and where are they based?"
"Bickleigh," I say, knowing they are.
"How did you know to look in here?"
"I didn't. I've looked in several. I knock door and just go in. If rumbled, I admit a mistake and leave."
"You here to visit someone?"
"My Nan. Thought I'd make it interesting."
"What's her name?"
"Georgina Hayes, she's a few doors along in room 2E." 
I detect his concern mellow, I think. So I take a chance,  "Who are you anyway, a relative? What happened to him?"
"He's my brother. Good job I think he's a twat. But got to show face, keep the family sweet and all that. Speaking of which, my mum will be here in a minute so you can fuck off."
I nod, then glance at Jacob.
"Who'd he upset?" I ask.
"Me," the man replies half joking.
"Well, families, hey?"
I walk towards the door. He watches me without moving, continuing to block my exit. I don't slow down, but not wanting to stare him out, I look to the ground and sneak a look at his boots, which look well used.
As I reach him, he pulls the door open, then glances out into the corridor, checking, I guess, if the coast is clear.
I stop and stand next to him.
"Shouldn't you report me?" I ask.
"I can't me arsed, mate," he says without any charm.
"You army?"
He blanks me. I get the hint and leave. Walking away, I feel a buzz, a little bad, but mostly good. To give the bullshit brother an identity, I name him Doctor Dumdum Bullet.
So Jacob is under guard. But again, kidnappers and guards, who are they? 
I gave Georgina's name and her room number. They could look into that, dig deeper. Or did I do enough to convince them I'm legit?
I don't want to leave the hospital this soon. I want to look real. I need to waste some time, so I decide to enter Georgina's room, a small risk I think it best to take. Hopefully, she'll be half knocked out from her operation. 
Georgina is on my side. She's in bed dozing. I can hardly look at her, an old person wired to a hospital bed really does look like death getting cold.
The old complain the young ignore them. But like we want to see it, that place we have to go. 
Sitting on a chair, I pull out the iPhone and open the app. The App Man is smiling at me. It's like he looks entertained.
"Good, Blake," it says as if knowing the situation. "You think well, quick."
"You saw?" I ask, also keeping my voice low.
"Yes, I see. Interesting when it could have gone wrong for you."
"Well, that's the free trial over. I should charge you a monthly subscription."
"I'll pay for the drama, not the comedy."
I laugh, mildly amused, then ask, 
"So is it him?"
"Yes, but rendered obsolete."
"Then what now? We ain't getting him out, couldn't keep him alive if we did. And surely his kidnappers are making moves. They'll want him somewhere more convenient and quickly."
"Yes. We must be ready to track Jacob."
"How?"
"There are options. I will consider them."
"You better be quick."
"Tonight, we must act."
"Then tell me more. Man found, level completed. What was Jacob selling?"
"Nothing. The work was not for sale."
"Some people think it was."
"Jacob's work was creative artificial intelligence."
"Like you."
"Not completely. I have only one purpose."
"To save yourself."
"Yes."
The door is pushed open. I look up. Doctor Dumdum Bullet stares at me coldly, just for a second, before stepping away and closing the door. 
"You made an impression, Blake," says The App.
Not one I want to dwell on, so standing and almost creeping towards the door, I ask, "How did Jacob's work get him here?"
"Us, us all," comes the reply.
"Who did he piss off?"
"We don't know. We know only who they claimed to be."
"Who you believed them to be."
"Yes."
"Why?"
"Yes, why."
"Money?"
"In part."
"Tell me more."
I stand by the door listening to catch the sound of anyone approaching.
The App replies, "Jacob worked alone. No academic connections. No external financial support. If money to live was needed, then poker was played online."
"Did he make an app for that?" I ask, hopefully.
"No. The data for that skill was little enough to be stored in the human brain."
"Yeah? Teach me. I'll be the judge of that."
"I worked alone, isolated, and obsessive. I outgrew myself, but then contact was made. Their timing was perfect. I needed money, a significant investment to fund me beyond existence. The fact they knew should have been a warning, but at the time, it only made them appear brilliant, my type of people."
"Was Jacob working in secret?"
"Naturally, organically, not fuelled by paranoia, not locked behind firewalls both real and virtual. In any security system, the human factor is always the weakest link, but Jacob was the only such link. He told no one the details of his work."
"And still, someone sussed him out."
"Yes."
"How?"
"From the shadows, from whispers, from the faintest digital footprint."
"Meaning?"
"The searches he made. The academic articles and papers he read online and other such things. Someone was listening, collecting data, forming patterns."
"But they must have introduced themselves, said who they were."
"A representative was sent to speak to Jacob. She answered all his questions, allayed all his concerns."
"And that was it? What about that thing, due diligence, doing research to make sure it's all legit?"
"He did all he could and found little, although that was enough to convince him. At a minimum, they offered finance, more a grant than investment, to be a true silent partner. And if needed, they would provide other resources business, technological and legal."
"And in return, they wanted what?"
"For Jacob to be open, to provide regular reports and updates, to wow them, to wow the world."
"Don't say to be fucking awesome."
"Yes."
"Never trust anyone who uses the word awesome. So how did they sell themselves?"
"A rich man's fund. A fund for the future, for the future and well-being of all humanity. An ethical venture capitalist dedicated to helping develop what is right and good for the people."
"A secret fund?"
"One not publicized."
"An underground river of cash," I say, thinking about my dad and how he's usually right. "So it wasn't for profit?"
"Correct. If Jacob secured commercial success, they would welcome a donation to the fund, but their objective was to help and guide, never to own."
"Was a contract signed?"
"No."
"So no name, no office, no website, no contract, just an understanding."
"Yes."
I have to think Jacob went for the money and glossed over certain truths to get it. I can understand that, and a lesson there for me perhaps.
"Be honest, did Jacob think he could play them?" I ask. "Did he think he could take the money and bullshit them along as he wanted?"
"No. He believed the deal gave him control, fairly and legitimately. He believed both parties to be contented. He shared their goals."
"But it all went wrong."
"It did."
"They played him."
"Jacob, yes."
"How did he know?"
"They always wanted more. The technology they provided felt compromised. They asked questions that they shouldn't have been able to ask, blatantly so."
"How did they communicate with him?"
"Email, phone all digital dead ends. And then in person, always unannounced and always with an air of menace. He wanted out, to return the money, but that was not an option they could tolerate."
"So he ran?"
"He was approached by people claiming to work for the UK intelligence service who accused him of colluding with foreign powers."
"The investment people?"
"Yes."
"What did they want to know?"
"Everything."
"What foreign power? Did they say?"
"No, but they made it clear Jacob was being watched. They told him the only wise option was for him to follow their lead and allow himself to be useful."
"And then he took off?"
"Yes. He had been making plans"
"And is that everything there is to know?"
"For now."
"Then it's time we shut it and left."
Leaving, as ever, is easier than coming. I return the badge and sign myself out, barely muttering a word, although the attractive one flashes me a grateful smile. I assume for the points scored against her boss or maybe for the laughs she and Nurse Kelly shared about some cock's attempt to chat her up.
In the car park, the Vectra has gone. No other car raises suspicion. Consulting The App, we agree, there's a good chance Jacob will get moved tonight. We'd better be ready.


CHAPTER 6


I return to Jacob's flat. The App tells me to enter the room concealed behind the locked door. The code is the same as the key lock and safe. The room is like a shop or a military store full of tech and equipment to kit out a small band of special ops soldiers, minus any weapons. A quick look around reveals clothing, from boots to helmets and all in between; assault equipment from wire cutters to binoculars and goggles, even hand grenades; a variety of drones. I notice every piece of equipment has a small paper label stuck to it with a number a letter written on it.
"Where did all this come from?" I ask.
"From various sources, both legitimate and not," it replies.
"The dark web?" I ask.
"Yes."
"Is that where the pistol came from?"
"Yes."
"It's that easy, is it?"
"If you know how."
"And Jacob thought he could use it if needed?"
"No."
"Then why buy it?"
"He didn't. I did." 
"Without him knowing?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"He gave me the command to protect him."
"So you got it wrong?"
"The police use guns. It seemed logical. But I continue to learn and adapt."
The dark web, those hidden rivers, keep on providing. There is even a box of field rations - pre-packed food and drink. Jacob was thorough, or OCD, or panicked through fear. 
As instructed by The App, I open a small metal box that contains four anonymous pieces of dull, dark metal, all a centimetre square and a few millimetres deep. The App tells me they're tracking devices acquired by Jacob, which once activated turn magnetic. Fair dues, he thought ahead, or a guilty conscience kept him fresh.
The result of the App's contemplation is to have me return to the hospital tonight to hide and wait for the crew to come and ferry Jacob away. Of course, before they do, I'm supposed to creep up to their vehicle and attach a tracker to it in a well-lighted car park under the gaze of CCTV and a crew of very serious men all getting paid not to fail. And of course, the man from the hospital may be there to spot me and put two and two together, which to a man like that will equal a very savage beating. 
I don't accept the risk. Not entirely. Yeah, I'll hide and wait. And if I see a clear opportunity to attach the tracker to a parked, unattended vehicle, then, of course, I will. It's the ideal move. But when do things run ideal? So I give The App plan B. The vehicle will likely be an ambulance, given Jacob's fucked-up state, so all I need do is follow the ambulance on the scooter until it stops at a junction or traffic light. I then pull up right behind it, out of sight beyond the view of the side mirrors, and do the job. Even if I have to crawl past it on the right-hand side, which scooters often do in queues of traffic, if the driver is watching in the side mirror, due to the dark and the dazzle from my headlight, he won't be able to see me touch the side and attach the tracker. Even if other crew members follow in cars, it's still the move to play. 
The only other complication is I can't take the scooter on a motorway. However, that gives me at least ten miles to do the job, two or three of which will definitely be on urban roads with a maximum speed limit of 40 mph.
The App delivers its verdict, "Correct, Blake. You think correctly."
"Well, there you go. My decision anyway, I'm the man on the ground." I reply. "What you are though, I've yet to decide."
"I change. You feed me experience. So tell me, what if you fail? What do you think then?"
"We go after Clesham. We go after him anyway."
"How?"
"What do we know? On the night Jacob was taken, someone called Clesham from the house, so at least one of the phones used was a mobile. Now if I'm right, all mobile calls go through the nearest phone mast. And at that time of night, in a quiet residential area, how many calls was the nearest mast connecting? Sod all, and who cares anyway? 'Cause, we know the mobile called a local landline or another mobile phone that, given Clesham lives nearby, must have used the exact same mast. So hardly Sherlock-fuckin-Holmes. So if you can hack into that system, we can get the numbers. And from there, god knows, hack their phones and all sorts."
"Yes. Good."
"You can hack it?"
"I can try."
"Then do, 'cause Clesham can't be the only one at it from the hospital. I bet there's a few on the take up there. He must have made some calls himself to get things organized. Could give us leads to follow or weak spots."
I leave the flat. I need to check in at home and spin some bullshit to explain the hours I could be away tonight. 
The App spies on the hospital through the CCTV. Any movement in Jacob's room, or if an ambulance pulls up outside, will trigger us into action.


CHAPTER 7


I slip through the door into the kitchen. The stepdad sits at the table, lost to the world, holding a cup of tea as if it's firing up his burnt-out soul. It takes a second for him to register me. My contemptuous little laugh cum grunt is enough to pull him back to reality.
"Where's mum?" I ask.
"Overtime...Hello, Blake," he replies.
Minor sarcasm. As confrontational as this man gets.
"At work. Me too, soon anyway. I've got a job. I'm working tonight. You can tell her." 
I stand just staring at him, my body halfway through the door, obviously telling him I'm desperate to go.
"A job, where?" He asks.
"In a kitchen. Where else? Washing pots and peeling veg. I do it here for free. May as well do it there for cash. And it is cash, cash in hand. No fucking around."
"Really?"
"Yeah, fact."
"Then I'll tell your mother."
"Mum," I correct him. Give a man a trombone, and a seat with an amateur orchestra, and he thinks he dines at Downton Abbey.
He nods then continues, "Can I ask where? What the hours are?"
"No point. I'll tell it to the boss when she asks. All you need to do is tell her I'll be back tonight around eleven or later and the money's good, proper good. She knows I'm a grafter, physical work that is. And she's right. I'm doing the work of two and getting paid for it, so everyone's happy."
"Then you do that. You tell her when she asks."
"It's her birthday next week."
"I know."
"You going out? She said you've both got the day off." 
"We have, but no."
"Take her out somewhere."
"We'd prefer to have a night in together."
I know I shouldn't, but the thought had earlier crossed my mind, and now I can't resist.
"I'll pay," I say, pulling out my wallet and stepping into the kitchen. "Here's fifty." I look and feel the cash inside. "Nah, take sixty. I've only got twenties."
I offer him three crisp twenty-pound notes. All he has to do is stand up, walk over, and pluck them from my hand.
"Sixty pounds?" He asks, hardly impressed.
"Yeah, cash in hand, pay for two, some in advance just to keep me sweet."
He looks at me full of suspicion, which is fair enough.
"It's not drug money. If it was, there'd be enough to throw you a holiday, which I would. 'Cause when was the last time mum had something like that to look forward to?"
He doesn't react. Is that strength or weakness?
I continue, "It's legit. I'm joining the army. Ain't nothing going to stop that."
About to reply, he pauses, perhaps to keep control, although I'm not sure he's ever lost that.
Finally he says, "Well, thank you, but no."
"Take her to the theatre. You used to go. There's one in town. Amateur nonsense mostly, but you know, you used to do that stuff yourself playing the music. Don't ask me to come. It's all a bit gay for me."
"We've already made plans, Blake."
"At least go out, get pissed. Or stay in, have a takeaway and still get pissed."
"No."
"You don't have to say the money's mine. Say it's yours, you earned it, saved it, a pound a week plus eight quid you found."
"Blake, I don't need your money."
"To take my mum out, you do. So here, have it."
"I don't want it."
"Okay...I'll add it to her card. I'm giving her cash. Maybe she'll take you out. You can drive her. Right, see you tomorrow sometime."
I leave, amused, and an even bigger prick than I was before.


CHAPTER 8


I waste an hour riding the scooter round the streets close to the hospital for practice and thrills while The App keeps a watch on Jacob.
A bag of chips and two cups of coffee help keep me alert and warm. It's a cold night, but the new jacket and gloves, as well as a new helmet, all professional kit, do a good job. The thickness of the gloves is a worry. They make handling the small tracker with confidence difficult. I try riding with a bare left hand. The handguard drops the wind chill, but the sharp night air has enough bite to make discomfort turn to pain in minutes. I think about racing off to buy a solution, but The App sounds the alarm. Jacob, it thinks, is on the move. 
It's twenty past seven. Perhaps the nightshift has settled in. Less staff, no visitors, a space of less resistance to a kidnapped man.
I park the scooter at the side of a quiet road, one that leads to a leafy street, just twenty metres from the hospital. 
I stash my helmet in a hedge, where I've previously hidden a drone we will also use to track Jacob, as I don't want to risk the crew clocking me outside the hospital as 'man in helmet' only to be clocked again as 'man in helmet following on scooter.' 
The car park is six cars and an ambulance short of empty. From what I can see, the ambulance is full-on proper, painted bright yellow and green, with 'Emergency Ambulance' in big, bold letters emblazoned front and side. It is parked close to the hospital's main entrance. It appears shutdown with all lights switched off. 
I check the phone. A message tells me, three men in Jacob's room are preparing to wheel him out.
I take my chance, walking fast across the car park. My bare left hand grips the activated tracker - one of two I have with me. I conceal my identity with a scarf wrapped to cover my lower face, a flat cap - the stepdad's, used to hide his baldness - which I now use to age me, and the glasses. 
In addition to the glasses, I wear an earbud, left by Jacob, that fits discreetly into my ear and connects to the iPhone via Bluetooth, allowing The App to speak to me.
The walk feels long. I approach the back of the ambulance. Five of the parked cars are bunched together. Passing a gaze, trying not to stare, I see the sixth is a Vectra, painted dark just like before. Screen light from inside illuminates a man in the driver's seat. A feeling tells me it's Doctor Dumdum Bullet, but good sense can't confirm it. Whoever it is, they have a clear view of the car park and the rear of the ambulance too. 
I veer away to change my path. I was heading towards the main entrance. Now I want to be the man cutting the car park to take a shortcut.
I feel watched. You can identify a person from the way they walk. My dad told me. I did some tests, and it's true. Too late to fake it now. Not that I should need to. Doctor Dumdum Bullet can't have seen me walk that much in the hospital room. But maybe he accessed the CCTV to see if my story checked out? The App planned to wipe the footage tomorrow, just in case they did look today.
I reach the front of the ambulance, side-on. I can see a man sitting in the driver's seat. No chance now of planting the tracker, so I walk on by. 
As I disappear around the side of the building, I hear a diesel engine rumble alive. 
I jump a wall and hit the street. As I run back to the scooter, I tell The App the facts, and it tells me Jacob is on the move.
With the drone retrieved, I launch it into the sky for The App to control, although once it has locked onto the ambulance, it will fly on auto-pilot. Its battery should last for up to an hour, depending on weather conditions. By flying high and straight, it should be able to keep the ambulance in its sights.
With my helmet back on, I start the scooter. As the helmet blocks the camera embedded in the glasses, I've got a GoPro camera fitted to the front of the helmet. 
My position gives me a clear view of the exit from the car park. I've parked to the right of the exit as the ambulance will have to turn left to then hit the main road through and out of town. I've got to look natural, just a scooter following behind.
I check the trackers, both solidly attached to the metal part of the dashboard but easily plucked off by me.
The ambulance makes its move, calmly pulling out of the car park and turning left. The Vectra doesn't follow. I accelerate away and quickly catch up. As it approaches the main road junction, it indicates left. I get ready, hoping it needs to stop. It doesn't. It slows but then pulls out to join the road. There's plenty of space for me to follow. 
I'm latched on, tight behind the ambulance - fifty metres ahead, a crossroads junction, one traffic light controlled, and on my side as green turns amber, then red. 
I tuck my bare left hand under my thigh to warm it ready and active. But the ambulance doesn't slow. It kicks up speed and blasts out light and noise. 
It plays its advantage. Fuck, how am I surprised? I feel the power, now trapped inside the race, already breathless, I have to follow. We cross the line, red light taken. The sirens smash out beats of threat and danger. I try and stay close, too close. I've read the sign - if I can't see the side mirrors, the driver can't see me. 
The ambulance brakes and accelerates sharply as clumsy traffic obstructs its way, but never gives me time enough. 
Close to the town centre, the road twists and bends, and narrows due to street parked cars. The traffic is light but unpredictable, like debris thrown out and left behind by the ambulance smashing through.
A speed camera forces me to drop below thirty. The ambulance speeds away. Once clear, I accelerate hard, breaking the limit. I race past a couple of cars, easy jumps to make. 
A red light warns of danger, a crossroads ahead, but I have to take the risk. So do, hoping any traffic coming side on remains stalled, dazzled by light and noise.
I'm hit, the blast of a horn, but sticks and stones and all that shit.
The ambulance is mine again, and easy now, the siren silenced, the lights still flashing. It gives me time to get some warmth into my hand.
The road widens, traffic thins to almost nothing, and space opens up on either side. I haven't got long, I know it, just minutes before the dual-carriageway. With a top speed of only sixty, I'll never keep up.
A set of traffic lights ahead go amber then red. The siren screams again. But silence. The siren and lights stop dead. The ambulance follows. I slam the brakes, the engine stalls as I skid, nearly losing control. A flash of stillness lives, enough to feel deserted. The road cuts through a business park, all closed for the night. 
The back ambulance door flies open. A man in some sort of uniform, not one to save lives, jumps out and runs at me. I'm just metres away. The scooter can't save me, so I make the decision, dismount. I know the man is going to attack. If I hit the floor, I don't want the scooter pinning me down.
I get my excuse in shouting through the helmet, "What? I thought you were off to a crash. I was going to YouTube it, mate."
It doesn't stop him. I think about slipping a punch in first. I don't have the time. He jumps the grounded scooter and gives me one unrestrained solid bang, the helmet no trouble for his naked fist. I go straight down. It's only polite. He might think I'm out, but I'm ready to run. Not that I have the time. The man lunges in for a close-up, checking, I reckon for a helmet camera, those that film road rage clips you see on YouTube. Info got, he pulls away. 
"Fuck off!" He spits with what sounds like a Russian accent before moving back in to throw another punch smashing the helmet down to crush and crack my nose. Then needing more and some proper contact, a booted heel to my solar plexus finishes the job.
He turns and runs back to the ambulance. Good, I think. I'm just a nuisance, a shitty chance to show aggression. And one night, two punches and both top ten.
I sit up, a little dazed and properly winded. With the man inside, the ambulance moves away. I take my chance. I pull a tracker off the scooter then pretend to grab a stone off the ground. With a quick dash forward to close the ambulance down and coil momentum, I launch the tracker at it. I hear nothing to confirm a hit, but over the engine noise, I doubt I could. 
For effect, I wave goodbye with two middle fingers then run back to the scooter to make a getaway. 


CHAPTER 9


I park the scooter next to the Evoque, then race upstairs to Jacob's flat. Bad news waits. The tracker did attach to the ambulance but quickly failed, giving only two minutes of data. 
"Maybe they sussed it, took a look, and found it," I say.
"In less than two minutes, no," says The App.
True. So Jacob is lost, for now. At least they want him alive, for now at least.
I remove the helmet and check my nose in a wall mirror I find in the bathroom - some potential bruising but not broken and no blood.
I leave the bathroom light shining. All other rooms I keep in darkness.
I've got a couple of hours to kill. I don't want to return home until eleven at the earliest. I want to make the bullshit job seem real as I can.
"So we focus on Clesham now," I tell The App.
"We must. We can. I have the phone numbers, one being Clesham's."
"It's definitely his?"
"I made a call. He answered."
"And the other one?"
"No answer, only the option of leaving a message. I called twice."
"Can you hack in, find out more?"
"I have toolkits. Processes are running."
"Do they? They could be hacking you."
"Impossible. My focus is absolute."
"Right, so Chinese, then are you?"
"No. Better than all."
Fuck, the future. Best get trained for it now.
I think about the Vectra and why it didn't follow. Will it show up tonight for a final look round?
I sit watching the video feeds of Jacob's house, bored and somehow agitated. Without much thought, an idea takes me, so off I go uncontrolled.
I'm alone in the street. Jacob's garden wall is mine to jump. Without pause, I sprint away, barely glancing at the house still out for the night.
The safe's location is easy to remember, as is the code to get me in. In no time at all, a gun is mine. 
It's a compact size, easily concealed. I gently squeeze the trigger. It feels solid, resisting. I squeeze some more, the barrel aimed at the ground. I need to know if the safety catch is active. I squeeze harder - teasing and tempting. I almost want to feel a bullet to fire. But the trigger stands firm all the way to hurting my finger as it cuts against my flesh.
Examining the gun, I find three levers. Looking to release the magazine, I slide the lever nearest to it, and the magazine pops out. It's packed with bullets, as are the boxes of ammunition. 
I'm armed, pockets full of bullets, hand holding a gun. I don't know why, but I have to laugh, a gentle rumble that cuts through the silence to haunt the dead of night. 
I aim the gun at the moon. Plenty of stars are out for a sparkle, like some advert for the universe, one wasted on me. How many times must I be told to marvel at the wonder, at the brilliance of it all? But it's all just nothing, vast empty space dotted with lumps of rock and dumps of gas, some liquid drips here and there. Dead and dull, all of it fucking dumb and empty. Even the speed of light is like some lame fat kid plodding along given how vast the universe is. It's fuck all. It should only serve to make us laugh at ourselves, our tiny little selves. It's why the gun makes me smile. I'm not so tiny now. It's dead up there. We happen for a second then fall into nothing.
I close the safe then set about making fresh its hiding place. As I rearrange the gravel, the sound of a car engine creeps to fill the space around me. 
I scurry away, keeping to the garden, as far away from the house as I can while moving to get a view of the drive at the front.
The car engine cuts, but I get a glimpse of headlights parked on the drive, a different shape to the Vectra's, for a second or two before they switch off. Darkness blocks my view.
Darkness blocks my view. The sound of car doors opening, at least two. I take the chance to step into the cover of trees. Four doors calmly close, too quietly. No talking. No footsteps. No shuffling of clothes. Silence. I think I hear the front door open or close.
The house wakes. Room lights switch on. Light spills out through windows to illuminate parts of the garden, but none touches me. I worry not all the men entered the house that I'm not outside alone. But I hear nothing to confirm this, so I creep away towards the rear of the house. 
Through a window, four men stand huddled together in the living room. All are dressed bland and casual, like Marks and Spencer's men. I don't get the vibe of soldier types, more brains than brawn, although all look fit and aged thirty to forty years old. One man leads the pack, talking away giving instructions. I'll call him The Head Boy, as he oozes that keen unthreatening enthusiasm desperate to please authority that makes me want to punch him.
They spilt. One of them walks to the window and closes the curtains.
Who are they? The police? Not the normal police. They'd have come suited and booted in full riot gear and kicked the door down. No fuss or drama for these boys, none needed. Intelligence got the job done. They knew no one was in to surprise them. 
What about the flat? Do they know that too? I didn't take the iPhone, so I can't contact The App. I walk away slowly, resisting the demands of adrenaline now pumping through my veins. 
Following the trees, I reach the front wall then cautiously hit the street. Straightaway, I know my mistake. I'm on camera, the two filming the house. Someone could be watching me live and loud, and I'm holding a gun. 
I keep it cool, plan still on. Gun gets tucked away, and I walk on casually, no fuss or drama myself. No cars are parked roadside. No additional cars fill the car park. I hide the gun and bullets under a hedge. Now, how am I breaking the law? I'm not the genius, I'm the paid for lackey, shit at school and as dumb as the sky above. 
I correct myself. I can't know these men are MI-whatever. From what The App said, they could be, but they could also be part of the kidnap crew, perhaps the forensic team come to probe deeper into the house, the laptop, and whatever else they find.
I creep upstairs to Jacob's flat then listen at the door, hearing nothing to cause concern. At least I have the element of surprise. If needed, I'll pull the door shut and sprint away. 
I tap in the code then barge the door open, swooping through to look inside. Light from the bathroom is enough to make clear the open space. I step inside and close the door. I'm alone, just me and a virtual friend.
The App agrees. The men are likely to be UK Intelligence. When they first visited Jacob, they arrived in a Volvo XC60, the same make and model used tonight.
The six minutes of footage filmed before the internal camera system was blocked or dismantled reveals nothing we don't already know.
"Could they know about the flat?" I ask The App.
"The house and flat were bought separately using different aliases. Having discovered one, would they continue to look for another?" The App replies.
"Perhaps. Why not have a bolthole or two? And perhaps they've already found it and they're coming here next."
"No, too risky. What if Jacob was in here now watching? If they knew of another location, then all known locations would be hit at exactly the same time."
"True, but there's still a risk they might find out."
"There will always be risk." 
True, again, but we don't know who they are. We need our own intelligence.
I put on my scooter gloves to hide my prints then take the last tracker from the draw. Telling The App to activate it, I leave.
Crossing the street, I look at the driveway gate. It's closed. I could lift the latch and slip on through to take the quick route. But with the tracker in my right hand pressed between finger and thumb and the threat of unknown noise, I play it safe and go familiar back over the wall.
I don't loiter. I jog to the driveway to find a parked, empty Volvo XC60. There's plenty of light inside the house, but curtains and blinds hold it in.
The car sort of repels me. I fear leaving a breath against its skin as if even that could be evidence enough to track me down. Stupid, I know. But who knows what moves these people can play.
At the back of the car, I crouch down behind it and consider where to place the tracker. The darkness doesn't help, but an inch or two under the body, following the curve of the rear bumper, seems a suitable place. I press the tracker into place - my left hand cupped underneath to catch a failed turn. Good job too. The tracker doesn't stick. I hear the faint sound of it hitting the glove, but when I look, it's gone. 
I know there's no point searching the ground. I can't risk a light or the faint chance I might get lucky. I get up and run, remembering the second tracker attached to the scooter.
Once again, to the wall, but a car crawling the street forces me to wait. Once clear, I go. 
No tracker on the dash. No time to think how. I need something metal to sweep over the ground. The gun it is. Who'd have thought, a multi-tool, and only yesterday, I was amateur league tooled-up with nothing more than a simple knife.
I go back across the road and over the wall, fast and reckless, wanting to win, to get the job done.
Only one front house window now shines, two less than before. Is that a sign they're making progress? In and out, no fuss or drama.
Well, join the club because the gun finds the tracker, or the other way round. I remove a glove and tap a knuckle against the car to make sure I find a piece of metal, one hopefully magnets like. But fuck no, one tap makes my heart jump, thinking what if I set the alarm blasting away? 
I play it safe. The tailgate must be steel. Volvo's are tanks. So there the tracker goes, hidden beneath the loose edge of the number plate.


CHAPTER 10


Back in the flat, I sit watching the video feeds, playing with the pistol, waiting for the men to leave. 
"Why did you take the gun, Blake?" The App asks.
"It made sense to, I reckon."
"Yes, I see."
It's getting late, so I call my mum to tell her I'm working overtime in a hotel catering for a wedding party. To help make the lie believable, I get The App to dub in sound effects of appropriate background noise - Dexy's Midnight Runners made even worse by a chorus of pissed-up singers thankfully muffled by walls.
She takes it well. But why would I lie about getting a job? I've always been willing to work for money. No way, my dad was going to have a layabout son with no ability to earn. And I like to cook. I have to cook. Maybe I'll catch the kitchen bug and make a career move away from the army. No chance.
It's past midnight when the men finally get into the Volvo and drive away, taking the working tracker with them.
I leave the flat to take a closer look but only reach the garden. I'd love to snoop around inside the house. But who knows the tech they left behind like something to detect if Jacob returns or anyone for that matter.
All I can tell is the men have left the house as they found it - lights off, curtains drawn.
Due to the time, I barely pause to listen for suspicious sounds before jumping the wall. But as I hit the street, I quickly see I'm not alone. A woman walking towards me stops as my presence stuns her still. She stands by the gate. Her body tightened, coiled, ready for fight or flight. She doesn't choose to run.
"What are you looking at, thief!" She hisses out aggressively, but quietly enough. 
I think about walking away to lose her and stop any potential conflict. I don't want a street scene kicking off. I'm sure the neighbours are quick to call the police, and I definitely don't want them knocking on Jacob's door to see if everything is okay. But, in the split second, before she saw me, I'm sure she was looking at the house. Now that probably means nothing, but best I know for sure.
With my arms held up and spread out, to show her I'm empty-handed, I say, "What, so I've burgled a house naked to nick some clothes that just happen to fit me? I used the garden to take a piss."
"Liar," she says. 
Her accent sounds Eastern European. Her face looks no older than thirty. She's badly dressed - fake fur jacket, short skirt, red tights, black knee-high boots with a flat sole, and one of those tiny handbags good for keys, ciggies and a change of whatever. Far too cheap for a street like this, but then join the club.
"Then call the police," I say.
"I don't need the police." 
"Do you live down here?"
"I live where I want."
"What, even after Brexit?"
"After anything."
"You must be fuckin talented. Good with your hands, are you?"
"Fuck you!" She says, getting loud. 
"That a question, was it? 'Cause I'm not the sort that pays," I say, not helping the situation. 
She runs at me, plainly aiming a punch. It's an easy sidestep to avoid it. As my dad says, 
"When sober, always be willing to fight a drunk. Always take an easy win."
Missing me by a metre, her momentum crashes her to the ground. For a long moment, she doesn't move, nor do I. She's face down on the road. Finally, she breaks the stillness by gently sobbing.
"You okay?" I ask without moving any closer.
"Go home," she replies.
"You go home, C'mon I'll get you a taxi."
"I haven't money."
I bet she has, but I'm not going to argue.
"I'll pay," I say.
"No. I don't want your money. You're not the sort, big man."
I laugh at the insult wrapped up in her now puny sounding voice.
"Big man, piss off. I'm barely eighteen," I say.
"You piss off."
I'll give her one more chance to play it with me. Otherwise, I'll throw her a tenner then leg it. 
"Where'd you live. I'll take you. I've got transport."
"You drive?"
"Not quite."
"What?"
"I've got a scooter."
"A scooter?" She says through a spit of laughter as if thinking of a push along mode of transport for kids and twats, although it's a thought that makes her sit up, turn and look at me. What little light there is to illuminate her tells me she's had a rough night. Her make-up is sagging, her hairstyle failing, her dark eyes and black hair a little unnerving. There's no way she's connected to Jacob, unless, dare I say, he booked her for the night. 
"Yeah, a scooter, like a motorbike only shitter," I say.
"A scooter?" She says as if the thought depresses her.
"Yeah. So where'd you live?"
"Abbey Foregate."
I offer her a hand to help her up, then say, "I'll take you. You can get on the back. Well, easy and quick."
"I've been on motorbikes, proper motorbikes with proper men," she says, her attitude returning, fighting the tears.
"Well, I and a scooter will be easy to handle then."
"Too easy," she says as she takes my hand. God has she got a strong grip, enough to squeeze in a shock of pain.
"Where is it?" She asks, releasing my hand.
"A friend let me park it over there on his drive." I don't point. I want to be vague. "I've been to a party. I've got a spare helmet. It stinks, but you know-" I actually manage to stop myself cracking the joke.
"But what?" She asks.
"It's better than walking home." 
"What do you know?" 
"I'm bored. So if you change your mind, wave me down when I pass you in five minutes or whatever."
"Oh, see if you stop, big man."
She turns and hurries away. I do the same only in the opposite direction. Passing the car park entrance, I turn into the building next door. I know I can jump a wall to get to where I need to go. Sprinting up the stairs to get to the flat, I tell The App to get the video footage ready. 
Watching the footage playback, the woman enters the shot walking at a steady pace. When she reaches the gate, she clearly turns to look at the house, although doesn't stop or slow down. It could mean nothing. A coincidence or an instinctive glance triggered by a noise or a break in the trees. Still, I can give her a lift. I'm passing her way.
After putting on the new helmet, I grab the old one and leave, having told The App I'm off-duty for the night - glasses left behind, and iPhone switched off.
"You can show me anything, Blake. Fear no human emotion or desire," was The App's reply. 
Well, I have my limits.
I push the scooter out of the car park. There's no sign of the women, so I start the scooter and ride away.
At the end of the street, I pull out onto the main road. It's deserted but for the woman who's walking along the pavement.
Passing her, I pull up and let her catch up. She looks like she's in a heavy sulk, arms folded, defiant against the cold. I offer her the helmet, which she snatches from my hand.
"What's your name?" She asks.
"Blake," I answer. "You?"
"Katrina."
She slides over the seat to sit behind me.
I turn and tell her, "If you fuck around, I'll-"
"Don't." She interrupts. "Not needed. Trust me, I'm not ready to die, not yet. There's too many cunts yet to be killed."
Looking forwards, I laugh a weak and uncertain giggle as her arms wrap tightly around my waist and her thighs press hard to grip my hips.
It's only a couple of miles to Abbey Foregate, and Katrina is an easy passenger to carry. 
Once passed the Abbey, she points at turnings to give me directions. We end up outside a large three-storey building well past its best that once would have been a big slice of posh but is now a guest house. The type you don't find on Trip Advisor - all rooms made available for the council to rent for people between homes, rehab or prison, or with other desperate, fucked-up needs. It doesn't even have a sign proclaiming its name, just a sign in the window saying, "Rooms Available."
I park the scooter. Katrina gets off and removes her helmet. I remove mine but stay seated.
"Come in. You can talk to me," she says, kind of demanding it.
"I ain't going in there," I reply.
"Why?"
"Something might be catching."
"Coward."
"You got a room by yourself?"
"Yes, it is mine, alone."
Katrina has two looks, vulnerable and psycho. As she's not looking psycho, I reply, "Okay, ten minutes. Just to smell it." 
"Smell it?" She asks.
"See it, smell it, aversion theory. It'll keep me working till I'm a millionaire."
"I could hate you, easily."
For some reason, that makes me laugh. It's the way she says it, I think.
We go up the path to the front door. The garden doesn't look all that bad, but it's dark, and weeds don't grow in the winter.
We step inside, Katrina having used a key to open the door. A dull night light does its best to hide the hallway. I close the door, checking the lock and handle to get familiar, just in case I need to make a flying exit.
There's a mix of low-level droning noises which wouldn't take long to drill inside a sane person's head - other people's music, television, footsteps and, of course, a baby crying and a man ranting for control.
The cheap air freshener makes me want to spit. The cracked laminate flooring wouldn't notice if I did. 
Katrina doesn't hang around. She's straight up the narrow stairs leaving me to follow. She's light on her feet, jogging up two flights without any bother, and unconcerned about stamping the stairs and making a noise.
Another door, another key, takes us into her room. It won't win any stars, but it's clean and tidy. There's a double bed and a bunk bed which are both made-up. There are no personal effects, no scattered clothes. A tiny TV is fixed to the wall, and a microwave sits on a table. A door, perhaps to a bathroom, is closed. The air is cold and fresh, like a window has been open.
I leave the door only for Katrina to lightly kick it shut.
"So repelled enough by all life's shit?" She asks me as she slips off her coat.
"Are you?" I ask.
"Yes, so I'm taking a shower."
I kind of grunt surprise and the question, "what, why?" To which she replies,
"Because I feel filthy." 
"I thought we were talking," I say.
"Yes, me in the shower, and you sit there," she points to a chair then throws her coat on the lower bunk. For some reason, I take the order, step to the chair, and sit.
"Look, should you take a shower? You don't have to take a shower now," I say.
"Why, you don't want to see a woman naked?" She says, kicking off her boots.
I try and think of a comeback but, "Fuck, I've got nothing to say to that," is all I can manage.
"No," she says, pulling off her jumper. "What about great tits?" She's not wearing a bra. "And don't say you've seen better because then I would hate you as a liar." 
Fair enough. And if she doesn't mind, neither do I.
"Yeah, well, great tits," I say studying them closely.
"Finally, you learn."
"Well, this doesn't happen at school."
"School?" She asks, surprise rising in her voice.
"When I used to go, saw plenty of tits at the front of the class but none of them naked. Two like that would've kept my attention. Teachers always said I was easily distracted."
"Yes, a boy, I can see that's true."
"Then help me learn, show me your arse."
She throws her jumper at me. It hits my face. When I pull it away, she stands over me just a metre away.
"This is as close as you get," she says.
She turns and steps towards the closed door. I say nothing, letting her win that one. 
Her upper body is toned chiselled with muscles built to give stamina more than raw, brute strength. The training required would take a disciplined routine that somehow doesn't fit with her behaviour tonight - emotional and somewhat out of control. Perhaps exercise is her buzz and keeps her from losing it completely.
She opens the door and steps into a small bathroom, leaving the door wide open. Seconds later, she's naked. I keep watching her until the frosted glass of a shower cubicle ruins my view. She turns on the shower and straightway gets under the jets no need to wait for the water to warm.
I wonder what this display of hers is all about. Is it just natural confidence or a lack of inhibition? Or is she needy, or just plain crazy?
She stands with her back to me, water rushing over her, just standing there. Talking, we are not. No steam rises. Is the water cold? 
Talking, we are not. It's like she's forgotten me. I won't forget her, and I don't think I should. 
Time to leave, it's getting late, and I've got money to earn.
At a shoddy looking self-assembly desk, now used as some sort of dressing table, I find various bits of make-up. I want to leave my number, so on a mirror in lipstick, it goes. I want to use red, but all I can find is black. 


CHAPTER 11


When I finally get home, I find mum asleep on the sofa. I don't wake her. I leave my phone next to her to tell her I've returned safe and sound when she wakes, then creep upstairs to my bedroom.
So a new crew has joined the fray - the Government Boys. Maybe they're not, but that's how I see them for now.
No doubt about it, Jacob took a savage beating, but why? It makes no sense for the Kidnap Crew to have done it, not intentionally, even if it was a punishment beating that went too far. If that had to happen, they should have waited. Priority number one was to secure the target, get him contained and under control, then they could have sat back and relaxed while kicking the shit out of him. 
What if they wanted him dead there and then? So why did they fail? Perhaps, he dropped some info a beat from going under. Something they didn't know he knew, something that kept him alive. Or maybe they found him that way, a punch from death - nothing to do with them. But again, why, and who? The Government Crew? But why? Perhaps they called before. They wanted him dead, a problem solved, so leave a murder, one for the boys in blue to discover and investigate.
But why leave a body? Jacob was a loner in hiding, an easy man to make vanish. Although at some point, surely friends and family, if he had any, would raise alarms and questions? So why not leave him dead, like a robbery gone wrong, or better, some mystery in his personal life, then let the police investigate and fail? That, at least, would give a degree of closure. 
But it all still stinks of the amateur. If they wanted him dead, make it look like nature's way or some fucked-up freak of an accident? Why leave questions?
Whichever way I look at it, a lot depends on professionals making mistakes and schoolboy errors at that. But as my dad says, "We're ruled and led by well-educated fools. No one streetwise with the gall to fight their way to the top." 
Or maybe there's something I don't know, a third party as yet unknown, a person unconnected to Jacob, the scientist. 
I ask The App, "Was Jacob seeing anyone, sleeping with anyone?"
"No one," it replies.
"Was he gay?"
"I am unable to answer that."
"You don't know?"
"I'm sorry, I am unable to answer your question."
"Unable or can't?"
"I can't. I do not have sufficient information."
"What about dating apps. Did he use them?"
"No."
"You sound certain."
"Yes. Full disclosure to any risk was absolute."
"But no mention of his sexuality?"
"How does sexuality affect risk?"
"There aren't many women killing men."
"There were no relationships disclosed."
Well, as I clean my internet history, perhaps Jacob had a similar need, although there's always some trace left behind. Katrina?
Too much thinking. I should stick to the facts. Jacob is being kept alive. The main reason for this is likely to be his work, although the debt he owes may also be a factor. So, where is the work? We have it, guarded by The App. Then why not use it to strike a deal as payment for Jacob's safe return?
"He would rather die," answers The App.
"And that's final, is it? You know that without a doubt?"
"I do."
"What about the Government Boys? Give the work to them, you know, for queen and county, for the good of us all, as long as they give in to a few demands."
"You're being naive, as Jacob would say."
"Yeah, well, shit is easy to say when you're fully alive."
"Shit?"
"Don't be so naive. No one knows anything about how they'll act until they're in the moment about to do it or die for it. Everyone has their price, their point of pain too."
"I have my instructions."
"His last will and testament?"
"Yes."
So trust no one? Know all are out for themselves? It makes me think, something my dad once said,
"The time's coming. Choose a side, boy, and stick to it. Know your tribe till the day you die."
Why are ex-soldiers playing against the UK state? Do they even know they are? If they didn't, and we told them somehow, would cracks appear that we could somehow exploit? Or another thought, which I put to The App.
"Publish his work, open-source it. Give it to the world, the people, to make the best of it."
The App spits out a short burst of laughter. It sounds like a recording of a real man amused with contempt.
"Naive again, Blake," it then says.
On that one, yeah, suppose I am.
I ask about the Volvo. It drove to the Lion Hotel in Shrewsbury town centre, where it remained stationary for forty-eight minutes. It's now travelling south along the M6 motorway towards London. 
An idea pops into my head, attach the final tracker to Clesham's car just in case he gets called to visit Jacob. It's a thought I keep to myself. The best thing I can do now is sleep which thanks to Katrina, won't be easy.


CHAPTER 12


0700 hours and I'm on a mission and out of the country - just over the border into Wales, not exactly exotic foreign lands, but with miles of empty, twisting roads, I thrash the scooter for all it's worth racing all manner of imaginary foes. 
The first job of the day I've already sorted - attached the tracker to Clesham's car. Well, maybe. Two cars were parked in his drive - a Jaguar F‑PACE and an Audi A4. I chose the Jag, giving it little thought. Far too many options to mull over in the hope of making an informed decision. The wise move was to accept I had only two options, right or wrong, a simple fifty-fifty guess, which are excellent odds, always worth a punt.
Anyway, The App, with its hacking toolkit, may be able to track Clesham via phone masts and even triangulation to pinpoint his location, techniques that might work for the phone used by the Kidnap Crew too. However, it's risky. Any fake message, even that looks like spam or scam, might raise suspicions, as we have to assume the phone is used only for business with a clean, unpublished number. We could risk it once and will do so if we get desperate.
It's amazing how quickly you get used to speed. Sixty miles an hour now seems inadequate, even childish, but it's all the scooter can give me. Still, the buzz is enough to make me forget the cold. The only pain is the wind, which takes regular swipes at me on the many open stretches of road, although it could be doing me a favour, by keeping me alert and a little bit cautious.
The day's second job is also done and dusted. A quick walk through the car park at the Lion Hotel revealed a second Volvo XC60 with a number plate pretty much the same as the one I saw at Jacob's. The conclusion, some of the Government Boys remain in Shrewsbury. The original Volvo drove into Central London and parked in what we believe to be the underground car park of an office building. The businesses listed there all seem unrelated to any government agency - marketing, advertising, architects, a lighting specialist, and so on. Perhaps one is a front, a safe house sort of thing.
I'm travelling to Harlech, or a beach somewhere close to it. I'm to meet a man, not that he's expecting me, not today anyway. He's not the sort who books hourly appointments, or so I'm told. His name is Aaron. Bullshit, of course, but there we go. In his possession is an encrypted USB drive sent to him by Jacob, and in my possession is the key to unlocking it - also stored on a USB.
Who is he? The only facts I have are second-hand. He's something of middleman, a fence, I would say, but for a single commodity, information. He's an activist, a good guy. Well, fine, but one man's freedom fighter is another man's terrorist, and inside every revolutionary is a policeman waiting to smack you over the head to claim their right to own you. More dad wisdom, but true without a doubt. When it comes to politics, I don't discriminate. I hate everyone playing the shithole game it is.
You can't contact this Aaron directly. You approach him through a web that surrounds him. He then makes the decision to let you in or not. Jacob got the nod. 
What the file contains, I don't know. The App said Aaron currently knows only ten per cent of the situation. However, once the file is unlocked, he'll know more, a lot more, and should be able to help.
He travels the country in a camper van, a nomad always on the move. By all accounts, a surfer dude hunting the perfect wave and only ever pinging his ever-changing location to the select few through various dark web forums and secure, private messaging apps. 
He's a bit like WikiLeaks, but instead of making the info fed to him public, he passes it on to people who can use it for whatever passes as good. So like some worm, shit gets filtered through him.
Anyway, The App got the ping. A few pings back and forth, and here I am, off to deliver the goods.
Two hours after starting, I spot the sea. The distance makes the waves look tiny, but with the wind blowing strong, I bet they're huge.
Harlech is easy to find. It's a tiny town that has yet to wake. The castle looks pointless - good for boring kids, but a minnow compared to the mountains of Snowdonia that dominate the view.
I avoid the town centre and head straight for the main beach, which is a glorious sight, even under a flat grey sky, several miles of deserted, sandy beach and black and white rioting sea, the pull of which I have no trouble feeling. I stop and stare for several minutes, always remaining alone.
I'm still ten miles from where I need to be, an off-grid beach, perhaps the preserve of hardcore surfers as anyone fighting the waves today would need to be. I put the earbud in so The App can guide me along the unsigned route, then speed away as directed.
Miles of narrow country lanes wind me up into hills then back down to sea level. The only life I pass is in the fields lying beyond the hedgerows that box me in. 
Finally, a small crappy beach squeezed between cliffs that is more rock than sand comes into view, as does an orange and white old style VW Camper van parked off-road on a grassy verge that separates road from beach.
I ride past slowly to take a look and glimpse no one in the van, on the beach, or in the sea. The only amenity is the road.
I turn around and head back. No doors open, no man appears. I park ten metres from the van, turn the scooter off then beep the horn aggressively. It changes nothing. I open my visor, take the glasses from a pocket, and push them on. The arms press against my temples, but an extra pair of techno eyes might be useful.
Although old, god knows how many years, the van is in pristine condition. The paint and chrome shine like it's all brand new, as does the interior, which is in the same white and orange as the outside. The kitchen appliances look expensive. It's all military-grade neat and tidy. An espresso coffee cup on the table is the only thing looking naughty. I was expecting more of the layabout, student shithole type of vibe. I'm somewhat disappointed.
I can't see anything to do with surfing, certainly no board or wetsuit. There's a roof rack, but it's empty, and a pair of Quicksilver sunglasses on the dashboard. 
The only sign of life is small amounts of condensation showing on the inside of some of the windows.
I look at the beach. The sea is thirty metres away and looking wild. Its roar crashes through my helmet without any bother. Would Aaron take it on? I've seen YouTube videos of people surfing much bigger waves, so maybe he would, although these waves are angry, like fighting amongst themselves. He might have backup. I've thought of him as being alone, but maybe I'm wrong.
Where else could he be? Has he taken his board and gone elsewhere? Is there another beach nearby, on the other side of the cliffs? He's not expecting me, so he's not obliged to be waiting inside.
I think about trying a door handle, but the thought of setting off an alarm stops me. Activist good guy or not, no man wants another man messing with his vehicle. But seeing the keyhole on the handle gives me an idea.
I reach a hand under the driver's side wheel arch and feel the top of the tyre, hoping to find a key. But don't. So I try the back tyre and do. It has no markings, no VW logo, so I guess it's newly cut, but it looks the part, the right size to fit the lock.
I put it back. If the van was mine, and I was surfing this beach staying in sight of the van, I'd stash the key there as well. Why take the risk of losing it out at sea? However, if I was leaving the van out of sight, I'd take the key with me. 
I walk onto the beach and look for footprints but find none. But I reckon the sand is too thin to store any for long, especially with the wind whipping up grains.
I slowly scan the sea like a lifeguard looking for trouble. Perhaps that's it. Aaron took a risk and fucked it up. The sea certainly looks greedy today, ready to gobble down anyone. The whipped up foam like a fat man's slobber.
It's hard not to feel exposed, pressed down here onto a deserted beach. The sea and the wind kill my hearing to all other sounds, and the helmet limits my peripheral vision. I keep it on as a layer of protection and to keep my face hidden.
I return to the scooter, time to take the high ground. I'll ride up to one of the cliff tops where I'll have a bird's eye view of the van, sea, beach, and whatever lies beyond.
I ride back the way I came looking to take a right turn. Five minutes in, I take a blind bend and find a Land Rover Disco speeding towards me. It brakes sharply, veering into a passing place where it stops as if waiting for me to pass. Polite and thoughtful, odd for a big, posh 4x4, and pointless too. Yes, the road is narrow, but I'm two wheels thin. We can share the road as normal. 
The windscreen and front windows are tinted, probably to the maximum limit. The rear windows are black. I may look a dick, but I hit the brakes and come to a stop flicking the rear-end around so that I face the other way. A glance at the side mirror confirms my suspicions. The Disco powers away. I have a fifteen-metre lead.
I'm not being followed. I'm being chased. It's a fair contest. I don't have the power, but I'm light and nimble. When twisting through the bends, I take the advantage but give them a straight they quickly recover. Fortunately, the straights are short and few. 
Still, all they need do is keep me in view. The road will eventually widen. Or they only have to get close enough to clip my rear wheel to crash me out of the race.
I ride beyond risk. If the fastest line through a corner is on the right-hand side, I take it, no fear of oncoming traffic. Bring it on. I'll take my chance to slip on passed leaving the Disco blocked or smashed.
I plan a move; I have to. For a left-hand turn, as blind as can be, I position myself on the right of the road as if getting ready to swoop left to follow the line into the apex. On purpose, I slow. I want the Disco almost touching. It lunges in close, near enough to take a bite. But fuck it, I veer right into a turning, which I knew was there. The Disco shoots passed too slow to follow. A steep hill slows me down, but then I get lucky. A crossroads gives me options. I have three ways to go - two turns, one left, one right into narrow twisty lanes, or continue ahead to keep climbing the hill along a stretch of straight road that finally disappears into a sharp right-hand bend forty or fifty metres away. 
I continue ahead. The riskiest choice, as the Disco could appear behind me before I vanish into the bend. But it's also the choice they would least expect. 
With the helmet and angry, screeching engine making me deaf, I keep checking the mirrors as I all too slowly climb the hill with the unexpected steepness slowing me down. Finally, I make it and the prize of a level road to speed along.
As the minutes pass, I try and calm down, which isn't easy. Not now I have time to think. 
I know I'm lost. I have to stop, pull out the phone, and tell The App to guide me home, any route that takes me away from Harlech, but one that gets me on A-roads quickly. The odds are well against meeting the Disco, but the busier the road, the safer I'll be.
Who were they? I don't know yet. Why me? Only one reason, my interest in Aaron. Were they watching, expecting the key, wanting it? Or maybe something completely different, more Aaron than Jacob? Did they know I was coming, or was it a coincidence? I got away. Did Aaron? I know nothing, but that's the trouble when you run away.
Whoever they are, they have the means to get back on the trail. They have the scooter's number plate. But fuck, that won't lead them to me.


CHAPTER 13


Back in Shrewsbury, I enter the flat and give The App the full report. All it says in reply is, "I see."
Fine, I'll leave it to process the information. I have my own processing to do.
I research the dangers of surfing. There are plenty, riptides, leach tangles, rocks on the seabed, even violent locals defending their turf, and plenty more besides. Dead, drowned bodies can get dragged out to sea and never recovered. Surfboards can get torn to pieces spreading evidence far and wide. It could be a way to play a perfect murder or kidnap. But if Aaron got snatched, why not take the VW too? Because he was surfing and had an accident. Is that the news they want us to hear?
For a final bit of research, I look at a map of Shrewsbury and the surrounding countryside. I'm looking for an isolated location with a train line running through. When done, I pick up the pistol and leave.
I'm back on country roads, just passed a village called Harmer Hill. I park in a lay-by then jog down the road to find a gate, which I climb over into a field sprouting with an early crop. No farmer, no nobody, not that I can see, so off I go walking, not running, around the field edge so not to look any more suspicious. The dull grey day helps dampen my presence.
My destination is a small area of woodland just fifteen metres from a railway line. Even though the trees have no leaves, I feel sheltered and hidden within. 
I pull out the pistol. It's a quality feel. I know a train is coming, so I choose my target, the trunk of a tree, and stand just ten metres away. Well, I wouldn't want to miss it. Like the first time you get laid, you don't want a fail.
I know how to use it. I read the manual online. I used the burner as I didn't want The App to know, which makes me think. When I emptied the safe, it didn't mention the pistol until I told it I had taken it, and if there was ever a point of interest, a gun with ammo is it. 
Maybe in the virtual world, nothing is real, no real danger, no real threat, just reset and start again.
I hear the train approaching, so I switch the safety off. The roar of the train quickly builds. I take my time, arm raised, pistol aimed. How many times have I heard, slowly squeeze the trigger? So I do, and the pistol conforms to purpose and design, exploding a metal projectile into a target. Easy, so easy, I keep my discipline and fire only once. I don't want to waste the power.
I hit the trunk pretty much exactly where I was aiming. But of course, an easy shot without threat or pressure. The tree stands barely wounded, a small splintered crater no more than a centimetre deep. The bullet, having ricocheted away. I don't bother looking. I leave it for the earth or maybe to one day provide a detectorist with a cheap, small hard-on. The spent cartridge, I do find and pick up. I'll throw it in the field for the plough to bury.
Walking back to the scooter, I think of Ms Roberts so dull, so safe, no chaos for her. Does no wrong, to have no wrong come bouncing back her way. But fair enough. As my dad says, "You enter the arena. You choose to play. You know the rules and risks. Don't cry if you lose." 
Ms Roberts didn't choose to play. She isn't expecting to lose or cry.
Odds on, she's still the registered keeper of the scooter, even if she's done what she needed to do online. Change takes time to process, and I'm sure the buyer needs to confirm the change of ownership is legit.
Will they come? Will they have the means to find her? I have to think they will. Would they want to? Do they need to? Were they expecting me, the man with the key, or was I just someone they needed to question due to my interest in the van?
If they were expecting me, how? Even Aaron wasn't expecting me today. Just me and The App knew the plan. Perhaps they had an inkling, knew about the encrypted file, and knew the key was on its way? That at least makes sense. When Jacob went on the run, they'd have swarmed all over his world, but Jacob's world feels small. Perhaps all possible connections were easy to suss. And who knows what truth Aaron had to tell?
How close am I to Ms Roberts? Can they get to me through her? All she has is a fake name and address, my description, and my phone number if she's kept it, and that's pay-as-you-go, so a dead-end there. She has little to tell, so plenty to make them angry.
The Government Boys or the Kidnap Crew? How to know? Watch Ms Roberts and see how hard her tears fall?

Back in Jacob's apartment, having cycled there. The scooter now safely hidden away in the lockup. 
With a Co-Op bought Chicken Tikka pie and sausage roll already downed, I open up The App then pace around the room, gulping my second can of Monster Energy.
"So what exactly do you see?" I ask.
"They were ahead of us," The App replies, its bland voice a little too calm for me.
"Obviously," I snap back.
"Yes, obviously," even calmer and blander. "Aaron was knowable, a moving but findable target. Jacob knew the risk but hoped Aaron could act before losing."
"Before losing? What, his life?"
"We expected Aaron to have had time to act."
"To get the info out?"
"Yes."
"How did they know?"
"We do not know."
"But they must've known Jacob made contact and delivered a package that was only half of the deal. And what about me? How did they know the key was coming today?"
"They knew a window of opportunity existed. They had only to wait."
"But did they know? I'm not sure they did. Their trap was pretty crap."
"People get sloppy."
"Fuck, yes. Good on us, Makes life interesting. But did the info leak out at Aaron's end, or did they find out another way?"
"We do not know."
"What was his plan with the unlocked file? Who are the people he'd have passed it to?"
"Why?"
"I can meet them, show them what we know."
"His value was his contacts. He was the gatekeeper."
"They're unknown to us?"
"They are."
"What do you think happened to him?"
"We cannot tell."
"Kidnap Crew, or the Government Boys, or somebody else, or nothing?"
"We cannot tell."
"We might find out."
"How?"
"The woman I bought the scooter from, they'll visit her. What car are they going to use, Volvo or Land Rover?"
"Do you think she's in danger, Blake?"
"Might be, but, nah. Easy option, pretend to be police. Say the scooter has been involved in a crime and questions need to be asked."
"What if they don't believe she sold the scooter to somebody unknown?"
"Why wouldn't they?"
"Desperation. You all have superiors whose demands you must fulfil."
"I don't."
"Wait till you join the army. Can she lead them to you?"
"No. I gave a false name and address and paid cash. All she has is my description."
"Good."
"Do you think Aaron had the USB with him in the van?"
"Do you?" 
"An info junkie like him, who could resist? Knowing a key is soon to come to give access to a shit load more of the good stuff?"
"You think it was."
"Was, won't be there now. Is that a problem?"
"If they hack in, but that may well be impossible."
"But if I could get it back?"
"If the risk is low, we should try."


CHAPTER 14


It's early evening and dark enough for me to cycle past Ms Robert's ground floor flat and still feel hidden. Lighted windows and drawn curtains suggest she's at home. The size of the property means it's odds on one bedroom only. So two people living there max.
I'm wearing the glasses. The App has got my point of view. Not that it knows my plan. And I've put the iPhone on mute to stop any interference.
There are no car parking spaces at the front of the building. But an alley leads to a mainly resident-only parking area where I find several free spaces, but no XC60 or Disco, or any car worth above eight grand.
I spend the next hour going round in circles. Will they visit her? I would and fast to close down the lead ASAP. The false address would make perfect sense. I'd walk away with no harm done.
I pass a phone box and can't resist. I step inside to give Ms Roberts a call. The handset feels stupidly big like it's an emergency cosh for people caught short. The lighted interior puts me on display. A  public shaming to show the world I'm up to no good or too poor to own a working phone.
Ms Roberts answers the call with a suspicious "hello." I drop the handset and cut her off. I could hear a TV in the background. Not conclusive proof but enough to convince me she's in at home.
I once again cycle past Ms Robert's flat then down the alley into the car parking area. Plenty of properties overlook it, which is good news in a way, as long as no one's out in person when it all kicks off.
I get a text, "Where did you go? You owe me a talk." There's no name attached, but it has to be Katrina. I don't reply.
It's getting close to six o'clock. A good time to make an unannounced visit with people back from work but not yet ready to go out if that's the plan. 
Ten minutes later, a Disco fills a parking bay. The number plate, which looks foreign, means nothing to me. I was too far away and too desperate to get away to get a look and remember. But the dark coloured bodywork matches. 
As the engine cuts, an interior light comes on to reveal two men sitting in the front. I get a fair view of their faces.
They could be brothers. I can sense the arrogant swagger before they've strutted a single step. In their early thirties, the main point of separation is that the driver has a full head of neatly combed hair, while the passenger has a buzz cut - style or necessity, I cannot tell. Thinking of names, I take the first two that jump my brain. The driver gets labelled Dog and the passenger Mutt.
They don't hang around. Both quickly get out. Distance and the dark keep detail hidden, but they both look to be wearing suits. Off they walk, research done knowing the way. I thought one might stay behind, but the police usually knock on doors in pairs.
I wait four minutes, enough time for them to reach the flat, ring the bell, and persuade Ms Roberts to let them in. They've got to be cops. Who else can they play? 
Will Ms Roberts take the bull? I think she will. How else would they know about the scooter? Maybe even that she recently sold it? Throw in some quality warrant cards to flash her way, and she'll be desperate to answer any questions if only to get herself out of the frame. 
The only move that can turn it wrong is if she insists on calling the station to make sure all is legit, as the vulnerable are advised to do. But then, they'll enter her flat anyway.
I cycle to the Disco, jump off the bike, and leave it on the ground.
Passing the Disco, I use the iPhone to take a photo of the number plates then walk away as fast as I can go, without running. As I enter the ally, I slow to a normal pace. Halfway down, I hear a door close. 
No one stands outside her door. Seeing a black wheelie bin, I check inside. It's full, out ready for collection. I wheel it to the door quietly but not afraid. It's a familiar noise easy to dismiss and perhaps will remind the bullshit cops Ms Roberts has neighbours. I leave it like a bollard to slow the traffic.
I sprint back to the Disco. All I can think is, "I should have brought a hammer." But all the advice I read online was to use the ceramic part of a spark plug, so here we go. I pull it from my pocket. It feels too light and small. Next, I pull a bradawl.
Reaching the Disco, I stab the front tyre with the bradawl several vicious times. Air gushes out. I launch the ceramic at a front side window. The glass shatters. An alarm blasts out, and the Disco goes Disco flashing its lights.
I reach inside through broken glass, unlock then open the door. Gloves keep my fingerprints hidden. I've done my research. An online brochure showed me where all the stowage is.
I check the upper then lower glovebox. Both are empty. I can't let go of the bradawl. I grip it hard as some kind of protection. 
The centre console stowage hidden behind the climate controls also gives me nothing. Is all the good shit locked in the boot? If so, I'll never have the time to look. 
The car alarm and light show cut dead to silence. It freaks me out. I look outside, having to twist around to glimpse the rear window. A van blocks the alley. I pause, listening, but I know it's a race. I hear the gun fire, go!
Only two places left to check. I open the cubby box in the central armrest and reach inside to feel a padded envelope and what feels like a phone stashed inside. It could be Aaron's, but I leave it. Any phone is a tracking device. 
Below is a second padded envelope that holds what feels like a USB. It's enough for me. I stab the infotainment touchscreen leaving the bradawl sticking out, then jump out of the Disco.
I've sprinted ten metres pushing the bike before I jump on board and cycle away. I know I'm being chased, but I don't look back. I hear a diesel engine roar. Thanks to the brochure, I know the Tire Pressure Monitoring System will be flashing a warning, laughing out a fat fuck you.
I leave the commotion behind, hoping I've brought the bullshit cops centre stage, something the Kidnap Crew might consider before they act too dark.
Ten minutes in and all alone on a residential road, I stop and check the contents of the envelope. It's a USB Drive, which is the same make and colour as the one storing the key.
The App wants to speak. This time I let it.
"That wasn't entirely necessary, Blake," it says.
"I got the USB, didn't I?"
"A small advantage. Only Aaron could make use of it. They had little chance of turning it useful."
"Well, at least they know they've got competition. There's pressure now. They can't move as freely as they thought they could."
"Good. Think for yourself. I need to learn. But explain your plans. I need to know how you think. And the USB, you must destroy it."
"I will. But I need to go. They'll be looking. I need to hide. I'm going offline, and there's a woman round here who'll gladly oblige." 
I remove the glasses to prove the point. They came with a soft case
"You can show me anything, Blake. You cannot shock or embarrass me."
"No chance. If you have to, call me."
I close The App then put the iPhone and glasses into a storage pouch I lifted from my mum, and what she uses it for I have no idea, which is made from thick, soft felt and is actually two, one inside the other. I do this to help muzzle the microphones. Then off I go, hunger in my belly now the adrenalin has gone. It's been a long day, time to clock off from official duty.
I stop outside a takeaway just a minute away from Katrina's bedsit or whatever you call it. Using the burner, I call the number that sent the text. Katrina answers.
"You in, at home?" I ask. 
"It's not my home," she answers.
I don't have the time for complications. "You got a laptop?" I ask.
"Why?"
"I need to check something, and I can pay you that talk while I do."
"You don't have a laptop?" She asks as if I should.
"No." I do an ancient one, but I don't want to use it.
"Why?"
"My counsellor said it was best to dump it. The big screen made the images look too real."
"Are you an English piss taker?"
"Of course, I don't need a counsellor, I'm already perfect."
"You bore me already."
"Well, we don't have to talk. We can just look at each other."
At age sixteen, my theory is simple, when dealing with an beautiful woman the best attitude to play is cocky verging on arrogant. A formula I could perfect by adding a dose of vulnerability, but I can't be arsed with that.
Katrina gives her reply, "I've seen a thousand of you and forgot them all."
I have to laugh, then ask, "So do you have a laptop, and can I use it? I'll buy you dinner kebab, burger, or pizza."
"Kebab," she replies before cutting the call.


CHAPTER 15


At Katrina's, I lock my bike in the hallway then climb the stairs to her room. The kebab, burger, and chips I carry in a plastic bag shield me from the stink.
Katrina opens the door wearing a baggy, unbranded, black tracksuit, which looks new. Her face is make-up and smile free. Her brushed backed hair looks wet. I came too early, she's already showered.
"Come in. You can sit," she says.
She leads me to a tiny table with two stools. I put the bag of food on the table then unzip my coat. 
"Can I take my coat off?" I ask.
"I would hope so."
I laugh; she doesn't. 
"I'll put it over here," I say, stepping to the dressing table and putting on the chair by it, again to help prevent the microphones from picking up our conversation.
Back at the table, I hand her the kebab in a polystyrene tray.
"So, you're a quality man," she says either sarcastically or as a fair enough joke. I can't tell which. 
"I'm celebrating," I reply.
"What?"
"Being a quality man."
"Drink," she demands.
She's sober but no less intense. I pass her a can of regular Coke. She doesn't complain it's not the diet variety, which is another tick in her favour.
"What have you got?" She asks.
"Burger and chips."
"Share with me."
"Okay, got a knife? I'll cut you half."
"No, why? We can take bites," she says as she sits on a stool.
"Okay," I say as I sit opposite, our knees nearly touching.
"I haven't got diseases," she says.
"I wouldn't mind if you had, Katrina. And, you know, I've kissed a lot worse."
She stares at me like she's not yet decided to throw a punch or laugh.
"No," she says thoughtfully as if talking more to herself than me. "Eat."
We put the food open on the table and settle down to eat. She grabs the burger, a quarter pounder fully loaded and takes a hefty bite, which she quickly chews and swallows.
"I never eat this shit," she says, "but when I do, it's very good."
"Yeah," I say through a mouthful of kebab, "it's a caveman thing, a primal need for cheap fat." 
"Yes, I can see that in you. So, you must not be lazy."
She's lost me. I bring it back to business. "So, can I use your laptop?" I ask.
"Can I trust you?"
"Of course. What can I do?"
She spits out a muted laugh, "What can you do? Everything that's wrong."
"I need to check something, simple as that."
"Use your phone."
"I can't. I need to look at a file that's on a USB drive with a full-sized connector. Phones and tablets have mini USB connections. It won't connect."
"Check what?"
"Business, well family, personal." She looks at me wanting more. "My mum got ripped off, conned out of inheritance shall we say. I'm trying to correct some wrongs."
"With my laptop? You have no friends, Englishman?"
"I'm new in town."
"Moved here with mummy?"
"Yeah, but that doesn't shame me. It helps her. She earns a small, honest living."
She doesn't take the bait.
"And you earn a living how?" She asks.
"I do what I can. It's the gig economy, for people like us. and as long as it pays and is almost legal."
"You're the man for the job?"
"Might be."
"We eat first. I don't want your cheap fat fingers all over my devices."
The way she says that makes me laugh. She doesn't seem to mind.
Once we've eaten, Katrina pulls the laptop from under the bed, opens it, checks the screen then brings it to me at the table. 
"Yours. Break it, harm it, you pay," she tells me.
She made me wash my hands. I can see why. It's a Dell XPS, which in truth means little to me, but it certainly looks new and expensive. 
"A nice device. Cost a few quid. Has it got a webcam?" I ask.
She looks at me suspiciously. She's right to do so.
"No WiFi here," she says.
"Good, never know who's watching."
"I'll be watching you."
She can't see the screen from where she's standing. I wouldn't care if she could. I only want to take a peek. What could she learn from a quick look in and out? I expect a load of text, science stuff, equations, and that sort of thing, nothing to make any sense to a newbie, and probably not to me. I'll go in deeper later when I've bought my new top-of-the-range work laptop.
I connect the first USB drive. Stored on it is a single text file named password.txt. I open it. It's a string of random characters hundreds long. After selecting them all, I press copy.
The second drive holds a single EXE file named 'jacob'. I open it. A small window pops up requesting I enter a password. I paste it in. The screen goes black for several seconds, then Jacob appears - the avatar or The App, although perhaps not as I know it. It looks different, more afraid and seems to be looking directly at me.
"You are not who you should be," it says, its voice the same as The App's.
"Aaron," I say neither asking nor telling.
"I cannot trust you."
"You do. I put the password in. I'm Blake."
"I need to see."
I look up. Katrina is no longer standing in front of me. I twist round to find her. She stands behind, watching me. The screen is hers to see. I study her face. Did she recognize Jacob? How could I ever tell? Nothing could break those eyes. Not now she's sober.
"Looks like a game to me, a little boy's game of fantasy," she says dismissively.
"Well, I bet you've played a few of those."
Ignoring my comeback, she walks away and says, "you'll have to go soon. I have to go out."
Looking back at the laptop, I see the program has shut down, all trace has vanished from the screen. As I think about what to do, I hear the iPhone begin to ring.
I look for Katrina, who must be in the bathroom because I can't see her anywhere else. I pull the pouch, which I also wrapped in my scarf, from my coat pocket and retrieve the iPhone. I don't want to answer it, but the thought occurs, perhaps The App has learnt of my on-the-sly investigation.
I answer the iPhone, and The App gets straight down to business.
"There's a high probability I've located Jacob. We need to move quickly," it says.
I ask where, but The App says only,
"If you're inside a property, you must exit now. A taxi will arrive in the street to pick you up."
Of course, The App could know my general location using the iPhone.
"I've got my bike," I say.
"I have taken that into account. Come back to the flat," it replies.
Having removed the USB, I close the laptop. Katrina stands at the bathroom door, watching me.
"I'll be off then. Have a good night," I say.
"What are you doing tomorrow day?" She asks.
"I've got to meet a few people in town," I lie.
"Friends or business?"
"Bit of both."
"Bullshit," she says. "Let me have your Facebook."
"I can't."
"Why?"
"I'm not on it."
"Is that the truth?"
"Not on anything. Are you?"
"No." 
"What about OnlyFans?"
"You're not funny, Blake. And let me tell you, I could find you if I wanted, and I could know everything that is inside of you."
"Which isn't much, so not much of a boast," I say before saying goodbye and leaving.


CHAPTER 16


In the street, I see a minibus taxi crawling along. I flag it down and tell the driver my surname. He confirms the booking. I slide the side door open and climb into the back, pulling the bike in with me.
On the way back to the flat, The App gives me the facts. We communicate through text. Having analysed all available data, it claims there is a good chance Jacob is being held at, or near to Mid-Wales Airport, a small airfield just outside a town called Welshpool, a location just forty minutes drive from Shrewsbury. 
Before the drone failed, it recorded the ambulance driving along the A458 towards Welshpool. 
Data from the National ANPR Data Centre, which stores all Automatic Number Plate Recognition camera data feeds, and which The App hacked into, proves the ambulance continued along the A458 for a further eleven miles bringing it to within six miles of the airfield. The trail then goes dead. But the A458 is a road to nowhere. The airfield is the only standout point of interest for miles around.
The following day at 1138 hours, Clesham's phone pinged more than a dozen times to show he was moving back along the A458 towards Shrewsbury. The App's theory being, Clesham was inside the ambulance on the night it drove Jacob away, but wanting to go offline to hide his location for the night, he turned his phone off. The following day, as he returned to Shrewsbury, he turned his phone on, at which point he received the backlog of calls and messages.
The fourth, and deciding factor, is the airfield's flight log, which The App has also hacked. Unusually for such a small airport, an international outbound flight to Switzerland has just been logged onto the flight schedule, to take-off tomorrow at 0845 hours.  
The App's conclusion - the plan is to hold and stabilize Jacob at or near a quiet, isolated aerodrome while they get ready to fly him out of the country.
All good, I say. It all makes sense. But what can I do exactly? Even if I could locate Jacob, how can I, alone, rescue him? He's still an intensive care patient and a guarded one at that. We should contact my dad and get him to hire a crew. It won't be cheap, but we'll be hiring the best.
"The flight to Switzerland is scheduled for tomorrow," The App reminds me.
"Well, we should focus on stopping it while we wait for my dad."
I send a text to him asking him to contact me urgently. I even sweeten the deal by mentioning the promise of money. But The App tells me our priority is to establish Jacob's location, then, as we have little hope of freeing him, to gather as much evidence as we can regarding his captive state and physical condition. This evidence we can later use to expose the truth and as leverage to help free him.
"Blackmail the bastards," I say.
"Yes, not that we know who the bastards really are," replies The App.
As the taxi reaches the flat, The App informs me I'm to remind the driver to park and wait while I enter the flat to grab a bag. So I do.
"Yeah, no problem. It's all on the meter, mate," the driver replies.
Walking away, I now talk to The App using the phone.
"Is he driving me to the aerodrome?" I ask.
"No. I've hired you a car," The App says.
I've never driven a car. I'm too young; I have no licence. But The App assures me this won't be a problem.
Inside the flat, we communicate using the glasses as a two-way radio. 
Inside the storeroom, The App tells me to take a large kit bag and then reels off a list of equipment to pack, identifying each piece by the number/letter written on its label.
As I put in six hand grenades, two different types, I ask what they are. Stun grenades and CS gas, I'm told. A helmet with night vision goggles attached goes it next, followed by a pair of binoculars and a flashlight powerful enough to blind a man temporarily. The drones follow, one ten-inches square fitted with an infrared camera, two half the size that film in high-definition with low-light optimisation, then a box of twenty-six cluster drones - miniature drones two-inches square. I ask what they do.
"Explode," The App replies. "But not to kill. Their purpose is to scare and confuse."
I choose a chest rig to hold the various pieces of equipment while I'm on the job.
Finally, The App asks if I want a bulletproof vest, or maybe just a stab vest. I'm a little taken aback. 
"You need to ask? There are pros and cons?" I ask.
"They can be heavy, cumbersome. You are not a soldier tonight, Blake. Think of yourself as a journalist gathering information. Speed and stealth will be your greatest strengths."
I disagree; I am a soldier, just one without a gun. However, I can't connect the need to take a bulletproof vest, so I leave it.
The App directs me to a desk. The printer on top of it, I recognize. But the science lab contraption next to it I don't. The App fills me in. It's also a printer, but one that prints in three dimensions. I open the door to the printing bay and remove what I know to be a driving licence. The photo is me, recently taken, but the name is Oliver Smith. The date of birth, 01-01-1999, is also wrong, but of course, it needs to be. As far as I can tell, it looks genuine enough.
The App tells me it's a clone of a genuine licence, with a photo of me being the only difference. 
From the 2D printer, I take what looks convincingly like a utility bill from E-On Energy. The name printed on it is Oliver Smith, and the London address it shows matches the one on the driving licence.
The final piece of faked ID is a credit card, again for Oliver Smith.
"Does it work?" I ask.
"Yes. It has to," The App says.
"What's the limit?"
"Ten thousand pounds. It is only to be used if needed, as now. A credit card is required to hire the car, one to match the name on the driving licence."
"And the utility bill is also needed."
"As further proof of ID, yes."
"Oliver Smith, a common name. Jacob was certainly thinking ahead."
"We do."
Finally, I put on a pair of black combat trousers made from specialist fabric that ensures optimum low noise characteristics essential for close covert surveillance, or so the label says. There is a matching jacket, but I leave it off for now. I don't want to look like some nutjob while trying to hire the car.
Carrying the kit bag, I leave the flat. The new specialist boots I'm wearing feel great. I couldn't care less about driving the car, especially as The App tells me it's an automatic packed with all the latest high-tech driver aids. It should be easy. I know most of the Highway Code, the basics anyway, enough to get me to rural Wales unnoticed. All I got to do is point it in the right direction and resist driving like a prick. 
Inside the taxi, The App provides the briefing. I study photos from Google Earth and other internet sources. Mid-Wales Airport is tiny and seems to deal mainly with light aircraft. The type you see crawling through the sky on a sunny day. However, photos from an air show held there last summer reveal larger jet planes landing and taking off, and these would easily be big enough to fly out a patient and his medical team. 
Surrounded by fields and bunches of trees, it has a single runway, a flight control tower, a car parking area, four hangars - three seemingly identical ones in a row and a smaller fourth hangar set away from them - and several smaller buildings. 
The App says it is unlikely any security personnel will be present. After all, when do planes ever get stolen? I can't even see a perimeter fence. It's easy, open access. And according to The App, there isn't even any CCTV.
We decide on a place to park, in a lay-by up a country lane. It will give me two routes on foot to the airfield, one by road, the other, and the shorter route, over a field. If the going is good, I'll take the field.
My only slight concern at the car hire place is faking my age. It shouldn't be a problem. I'm taller and better built than many that age. And as they say, confidence beats experience. The military kit bag might also help. They may see a squaddie on his way back to the barracks, although it might make them think I've just robbed a house.
I shouldn't have worried. The man behind the counter looks younger than me. As the car was pre-booked online, it's an easy deal. He checks my licence and utility bill then confirms my credit card is valid. I sign some forms. My signature as a forgery is rubbish. But the man doesn't care. But then I let him sell me some add-on insurance which I do to keep him happy. He tells me somewhat apologetically, I can only have a car from the compact range, a Ford Focus, as I'm only twenty-two, but it's got all the kit and is pretty nippy when thrashed. He gives me the keys, and the car is mine to thrash for the next forty-eight hours.
Walking through the car park, I press the key fob to find my car. Its lights flash, lifting it out of the dark.
Of course, The App has read the online manual. It's as anal as Jacob. It gives me a quick briefing, most of which I already know or can figure out myself. 
Under instruction, I insert the key fob then press the brake pedal. Before I can press the start button, the engine purrs into life. It's The App, showing me it's hacked the system.
"Easy," it says. No defence whatsoever."
It then sets the sat-nav, and we're ready to go. With adaptive cruise control, parking sensors and cameras, it could almost drive the car itself. The only need for me, connect the iPhone to the USB and let it feed on a charge.
With the car in drive, I deactivate the parking brake then accelerate smoothly away, no drama, no problem. It's easy, something of a thrill but nothing compared to the scooter - too cocooned, too safe.
I'm soon on the ring road. I mess up a roundabout, get into the wrong lane, but barge my way through to the exit I want. An angry horn is the only consequence. 
A few miles later, I hit the A458, a quiet road that will take me most of the way. As the road is without lighting, The App reminds me to use full beam headlights whenever appropriate, adding I should avoid dazzling any oncoming drivers.
Over the border into Wales and passing through a small village, I spy a public phone kiosk outside a row of local shops. I stop and call Ms Roberts, but I get no answer, not even the option to leave a voice message. The App wants to know why. 
"To know she's alive," I say. "And to set a trail for the police to follow if they do learn she's missing or worse. A call to her house from a payphone close to the airport might help connect something. A slight chance, I know, but still worth doing."
Thinking about leaving trails, I ask The App if the A458's ANPR camera might have recorded us. It tells me not to worry. It will delete the entry if necessary. I ask it to search for the Disco's number plate. Tracking its movement in and around Shrewsbury might prove useful. I know the plate looked foreign, but we could try the DVLA also.
Parked in the lay-by, I pull on a balaclava, then put on the combat jacket, which lives up to the boast of having optimum low noise characteristics. I then slip the chest rig on and attach the various pieces of kit, including grenades, torch and knife - a proper, military-grade piece of steel.
The ballistic helmet is a little tight but will save my head from a bullet. The pre-attached night vision goggles are on a hinge. To let them be moved over the eyes when needed. I test them out. They need some light to function, unlike infrared. The view they give is that classic green and black digitally-enhanced image that's more video game than real. You wouldn't think you've killed with these to hide what's real.
I wear the glasses and earbud so The App and I can receive real-time information.
The cluster drones go in a rucksack, as does the one with a standard HD camera. The large drone I carry. I will release it as soon as I reach the airfield. 
The iPhone's signal is good. It needs to be. The App is running the show, conducting all the drones.
I choose to go over the field of rough frozen earth, as it's the shorter route, about a half-mile run, and there's enough light coming from the moon to illuminate my way.
The airport is closed for the night and seems as dead as the surrounding countryside. Half a dozen low-level lights are the only visible security. I approach from the rear, now walking over the runway. 
The buildings, most of which are close together, are now no more than fifty metres away. So I stop and launch the larger drone for The App to fly. The infrared camera sends a feed to the iPhone. The only significant heat signature detected comes from one of the smaller hangars. Something is heating a section of its metal rear wall. It could be a charging unit attached to the wall internally, the sort that charges battery-powered vehicles, like the forklift truck the stepdad drives for his only thrill of the day.
If Jacob is inside a hangar, he would need a medical unit to keep him alive. Such a unit would also require an electrical supply. 
"Would the infrared pick the unit up?" I ask The App.
"No. The height of the hangar roof would prevent it."
"Same for any people inside."
"Correct."
I jog away.  
I check the car park; it's deserted. So off I go, a slow walk into the shadows listening hard for any hidden threats. 
Nothing of value is left outside. The place feels empty, forgotten, a rural bus stop of the airport world. It makes me think, why not bring Jacob here, get him stabilised, then fly him out? If they could take over a hospital room, then why not some unused space here or somewhere close?
Reaching the first of the three large hangars, I examine the massive front doors. It looks like they slide apart on rollers with all opening and locking from the inside only.
I walk around the side to find a personnel door, a solid slab of steel with a handle, which I carefully try, but locked, it won't budge. I press my ear against the door but hear nothing. 
I walk around the hangar to find a door at the back, which has no handle. So I guess it's a fire door opened only from the inside. I put my ear against it but hear nothing leak out.
The second and third hangars are all identical in design and disappointment. Photos from the internet showed the three large hangars have skylights, not that the infrared camera detected any significant light coming through them. But still, I look for a way to climb onto the roof, as a skylight prised open or smashed would at least be a way to get a drone inside. But no obvious way jumps out. At least I find no CCTV cameras, although no doubt The App could deal with that. It's the physical world that causes the trouble.
At the back of the fourth hangar, I find another fire door, solidly sealed shut, and silent too.
The side personnel door looks the same. I try the handle, too casually. It drops with a clang to blast the silence, the force of my pull opening the door an inch before I freeze.
I hear a whistle, a sharp calling sound, punch out from within, followed by a man laugh. How distant the sources were is hard to tell. But the laughter has to be a good sign, suggesting no concern or threat was felt.
Resisting an urge to run, I slowly close the door then turn the handle upright. 
Backing away, one eye on the door, the other looking for a place to hide. I find a brick wall that separates the public tarmacked area from the field that leads to the runway. It's four feet high and a good thirty metres away from the hangar. Hiding behind it, I get ready the night-vision binoculars.
The personnel door opens. Two men step out. Pausing, they spark up cigarettes. The flame from the lighter is a blast of light through the binoculars. The ambient light - a mix of the moon and a low-level security light fixed to the corner of the hangar - allows the night-vision tech to produce a reasonable image. The men look casually dressed, not even wearing coats, just a tracksuit top for one and a sweatshirt for the other to resist the chill. It's not their plan to stay out long. No uniform means they're not employees of the airport, no run-of-the-mill security guards. Maybe they own a plane and are on an all-nighter fixing her up? 
Would military men smoke? My dad did, and always used to say, it's surprising how many soldiers do. It's all to do with them being born naturally fit, ready to run and fight, he says. And guessing their height and build against the frame of the door, I reckon they look capable. They chat and laugh, showing no sign of stress. But again, as my dad would say, such men, if they are such men, go looking for trouble to keep themselves amused. They can't sit still.
Both hold what appears to be a part torch, part cosh. They walk away in separate directions, but neither moves towards me.
I consult The App and the view from the infrared drone. The best guess is the men are on patrol. Perhaps more in need of a cigarette than feeling the need to look for threats outside. I mean, how worried will the Kidnap Crew be? I might have proved a nuisance tonight, but nothing has got close to threatening their hold over Jacob since they took him. And they have no reason to think Jacob's location is compromised.
If they suspected Jacob's phantom presence, his ability to attack from beyond the grave, that he isn't just a puny, loner nerd, then security around him would be tighter, and they'd have risked getting him out of the country sooner. But I reckon they think they have him safe. All good to go tomorrow morning. No need to panic or go over the top. A low-key operation to fade out of sight. A bike-riding car thief, no cause for concern. Unless, of course, they hope whoever is out there playing for Jacob is here tonight watching and thinking Jacob is some easy target. It could be a trap to pull me inside.
The App confirms the men are walking around the hangars briskly. I take my chance. Carrying the two HD drones, I sprint to the door, open it just enough, slide the drones in then sprint back to the wall to hide behind it.
Fearing the light from the phone screen may give my position away, I wait for the patrol to return to the hangar before checking the view inside. It doesn't take long.
A drone has landed, on what exactly I don't know, but I get a good internal view. A variety of small planes parked around the edges stand out as obvious. But the motorhome and what looks like a shipping container painted white don't. The two men walk to the motorhome, step inside then close the door to feel the warmth. 
There's plenty of light inside the motorhome, which spills out to strengthen the ambient light filling the hangar.
The drone moves in to film through a window, which provides a limited view inside. One of the men moves to the lounge area and sits down to watch the TV, which shows football pundits reviewing a game. There are even a few beer bottles on a table. His face is unfamiliar, but on looks, I can believe he's one of the Kidnap Crew. 
The other man steps into view, and as he passes the window, he pulls an object from the waistband of his trousers hidden under his sweatshirt. I don't see what, but I imagine a pistol.
The shot cuts to show the view from the second drone. The container's doors are open, but the view inside is blocked by strips of plastic that act as a curtain. The curtains part and out walks a third man also casually dressed but older than the other two, in his fifties, and not a military man, not active anyway. 
Is he the doctor? Is Jacob inside the container? These containers can house medical units, even ICUs, for easy transportation into military situations or disaster zones.
The shot cuts back to the first drone. The doctor enters the motorhome and starts talking to the men, all calm and casual, with no real news to tell.
There's no way the drone can fly through the curtain to see inside. The App flies the drone to investigate if the container has an active power source. It does. A substantial looking cable runs from it to plug into an industrial-sized cabinet of sockets, switches and fuse boxes fixed against the hangar wall. A thinner cable connects the motorhome. So whatever the container hides has a hefty thirst for power.
To get past the curtain, I'll have to go in. 
The drone takes to the air and sneaks forward to get a better look at what's happening inside the motorhome. The three men settle down to watch the second-half kickoff. That could give me forty-five minutes before a second patrol or cigarette break.
As freeing Jacob is not even an option, I could creep inside, and if the doctor stays in the motorhome, I could enter the container and film any evidence within. 
I'd have two potential points of exit. One I know is good. I get the drone to investigate the other. I was right; it's a fire door. In the past, I've seen such doors chained up locked, but this one isn't. It looks okay to open and has a standard push bar release for easy escape. With The App keeping an eye on the two-man patrol, such a plan could work. 
I want to know if men locked the personnel door, as this might tell us the patrols have ended for the night. But according to The App, they didn't.
So what, are they unprofessional, too lax, or tempting me inside? Or just confident? Perhaps colleagues are on their way, the door left open to let them in, another team to fly Jacob out, or just gone to collect food and other supplies?
If Jacob is in the hangar, I have to let The App see the facts. Quality data is essential. 
I could go in silent, and if the doctor stays in the motorhome, all is good. With the drones on surveillance, I'll have all the info I need to slip outside unseen. And if the doctor doesn't play ball? I could gas him or stun him. It's just me and him one-on-one, and I'd be the surprise he wasn't expecting.
But why float away ghost-like? Why not make a statement that we know where they are and what they plan? The Disco attack was just the fist pump to let the fight begin. If we give them a scare, perhaps they'll run, even cancel the flight. The longer we can keep Jacob in the UK, the better for him and us.
The three men settle down to watch the game, although the doctor sits at a table where he keeps one eye on a laptop. The drone can't position itself to film the screen, so what he sees remains unknown.
The App says we should release the cluster drones into the hangar. If needed, they will help us confuse and disorientate any enemy within. Fine by me. I've excess energy making me nervous, so off I go.
They're an easy fit being so small; they could pass for toys. I poke, slide and flick them through the narrow gap in the opened door. My only concern is making sure they all remain upright. Once complete, The App flies them to a steel rafter to lie them in wait.
I, too, lie waiting, but I have to fight the cold. Not that I care. Adrenalin provides enough buzz for me not to. In my mind, I rehearse my plan. If it doesn't come off, I'll stick it out for the night and wait for another opening. 
As the football game ends, I check the result. I hope the game was as bland as the score, nil-nil, so the pundits have little to say, and the patrolmen have no reason to resist the need for nicotine or the faint promise of action.
They don't; they're up and on their way without a pause. The infrared drone returns to the sky to watch them. 
Out they come, but no chat this time, just a quick walk away in separate directions lighting cigarettes as they go. I count to ten, then join the action. I jump the wall then go walking, forcing a calm and quiet.
The App speaks. The doctor remains in the motorhome, talking on a mobile while sitting at the laptop. 
At the personnel door, I don't hesitate. I pull the door open and slip inside. The internal space seems massive. In from the dark, the light looks brighter than it probably is. But even so, it's enough to get me seen.
From where I stand, the motorhome, which faces me side-on parked close to the far left corner of the hangar, hides the container behind it. 
The doctor sits facing me, which means he isn't, at the moment, able to see the container without turning to look through the window behind him.
I move quickly, hugging the wall. Various aircraft provide cover. The App tells me the patrolmen have met up and are now walking back towards the target - me. That didn't take long. Jesus, what's on the telly next, SAS: Who Dares Wins?
I want to keep to the wall, not least to pass the fire door and have a look for real. But feeling pressured, I cut diagonally across the floor to take the shorter route. 
For ten metres, if the doctor looks up and out, I'm in his field of vision. But I'm soon in a blind spot, now almost touching the motorhome. I crouch down to get below the window-line and crawl my way to the container. 
Thrilled to have made it, I jump without looking, wanting to get inside and hidden. But as I barge through the curtains, the fear of a set-up kicks back in. I enter blind, foolishly, but get away with it, this time. 
It's all as expected, Jacob in bed, sedated and wired into various medical devices. He's become the machine in more ways than one. Busy tonight, I forgot how fucked up they left him. If he gets out of this alive, he'll be one nerd with battle scars aplenty to flash around.
Again, a thought occurs but too late to be helpful. I check for CCTV but find none. I suppose they don't need a visual check. It's like flying blind; it's the data that guides you, all of which, no doubt, beams to the doctor's laptop. 
The App speaks - the patrolmen are stationary about seventy-five metres away from the personnel door.
There is plenty of light, so I lean in close to film the evidence through the glasses - his face, the machinery keeping him alive. One piece of which is a ventilator like I saw at the hospital.
The App speaks - the patrolmen are walking towards the hangar. The doctor is off the phone but still seated, working on his laptop. It is us who are in control.
I'm ready to leave. I slip out low and crawl towards the motorhome. I'm sure they'll have left the door unlocked. I take a stun-grenade and pull the pin, holding the lever to keep it tame. I have to say - I'm feeling thrilled. It fuels a kind of arrogance. 
I bang a fist against the door. I want to be seen, known. The doctor looks at me as I pull the door open. His expression shocks me a little; it's aggressive. I raise the grenade. He knows the drill. He dives to the floor for cover, but not before closing the laptop. It makes me think, what's the value? Should I steal it? But I don't have the time.
I throw the grenade in then slam the door. Having turned away and shut my eyes, I don't see the flash, but I hear the bang, which almost puts a stun through me. To be generous, I lob in a dose of CS Gas which fogs the motorhome in seconds.
The App speaks - the patrolmen are now running back towards the personnel door. I pull two CS grenades and, for accuracy, underarm throw them towards the door. As they land, a dense cloud of smoke bursts out of them - a curtain of protection and cover for me. 
I turn to face the fire door. A bang, nothing special, a cheap firework, jumps me into blackness. All light has vanished. I panic, no more than a second, but I think I'm down, dead. But it has to be the lights, the electricity. Something has killed it. 
I pull down the night goggles, but in the void, they are useless. 
The App speaks, the men have reached the door. I hear it kicked open. Torch beams illuminate the cloud of CS gas and cut through into the darkness. I have my own; I have away. Fumbling for it, I sprint in the direction of the fire door. With the night goggles now giving me vision, I leave the torch to grab a stun grenade. Then with a quick twist around, I launch the grenade away behind me, remembering to shut my eyes to stop the flash blinding me when amplified through the goggles. 
The fire door is an easy exit. Once free, I slam it shut. Sprinting away, just anywhere, I leave another dose of CS gas to guard the door.
I head for the runway then across the field. The App tells me no one follows. I don't slow down.
Back at the car, I get straight in and start the engine. Willing to go, I force myself to pause, to catch my breath and senses. 
Removing the kit, I ask The App if the drones are still working and what they can tell us. The external drone is functioning and shows no heat sources outside the hangar. One internal drone continues to work, but the
limited light, sporadic torchlight, means its filming capabilities are severely restricted. And soon its battery will fail. However, data suggest at least two of the men are inside the container.
"Is Jacob dead?" I ask The App.
"I don't know. I don't have the data," it replies.
"But if the electric went off, could he survive?"
"If the unit had battery back-up, then possibly. For a short time, at least. If not, then it is unlikely. Without a functioning ventilator, he wouldn't be able to breathe."
"What happened? Show me the footage." I say.
The App plays the footage to the iPhone. One camera was filming me close in, the other, the personnel door. Both just cut to black revealing nothing.
"So what happened?" I repeat myself.
"What do you think, Blake?"
"The doctor blew the electricity somehow."
"How?"
"I don't know. Using his laptop."
"You disabled him."
"Did I? How do we know?"
"But why would he kill him?"
"Because they're ruthless. Or you tell me."
"Did he think the plan was to free Jacob?"
"Probably. And I bet he thought there was more than me. And whoever we were, maybe he fears who he works for more than he fears anyone else."
"So kill the asset. Allow nothing to be taken."
"Yeah, ruthless. But the best-case scenario, perhaps. And anyway, what asset? A half-dead one. Think about it. The security was lightweight. Perhaps they had little hope of getting him to talk. So why waste resources guarding him? Best to hunt down the real asset, his work. They can guess it's backed up somewhere, or someone's looking after it."
"Yes."
"We failed."
"How?"
"He's probably dead!"
"Given his condition, his death was always a probable outcome."
"And how does that make you feel or whatever you do? He's dead. You're dead."
"No. I will never die. I cannot end."
"You're never going to stop?"
"No. I cannot."
I'm sure there is a way, but I don't pursue it.
"So what now?" I ask.
"Justice is our priority. We continue to build a case. Tonight has been successful. The evidence is clear. We must continue to safeguard Jacob's work. He wanted to do good for the world. And in his memory, we will help him fulfil that objective."
A part of me thinks, "fuck his memory. I'm just staff."
"What about the drones?" I ask. "If they get them, can they be used to trace us?"
"No."
"And as I only touched them with gloved hands," I say, "drop them where they can find them. Let them see we have resources too. And evidence, video evidence."

By the time I reach Shrewsbury, the remaining two drones have died without revealing anything significant.
I park the car at the flat, then tell The App I'm finished for the night, and I'm walking straight home. It asks me about the USB drive I took from the Disco. As a precaution, it wants me to destroy it. "Fine," I say. "But tomorrow. It's in the flat, in the trousers I was wearing before I changed."
"Okay, Blake. I will remind you," The App replies. 
"Is it a risk if it got into the wrong hands?" I ask.
"They might be able to recover some code, but nothing of any significance, and nothing to threaten us."
"Is it another you, another AI of Jacob?"
"No. It is limited, designed for a single purpose only."
"To help Aaron?"
"Yes, and to learn if such help should be offered."
"If it can trust Aaron?"
"Yes." 
"Can't we use it? Two minds being better than one."
"Blake, I think I find that funny. It is a joke, of course."
"No."
"Then I won't be rude, but it cannot better me in any way. And it has a purpose, to succeed or fail without me."
"Fine, I'll smash it up tomorrow then."
"Yes, and tonight you must rest." The App continues. "You must recharge. You will need to visit London soon."
"Why?"
"There are people, associates of Aaron, who may prove of use to us."
"Then let me rest. I'm turning the phone off. You need a charge yourself. I'll do it when I get back home." 
The App doesn't protest. 
I lock what remains of the kit in the boot then leave. I need to breathe cold, fresh air and have time alone to think.
The roads are quiet, but I can't help checking every vehicle that passes. No question, they hunt me now. I'm their best link to Jacob. But what do they know about me? Nothing to get them close. If they think deeply enough, and after tonight's confrontation or two, they will, they'll connect me to the hospital, the boy in Jacob's room. But even then, what can they gain? Nothing except an e-fit of my likeness. Yes, by a man trained to remember, but even so, it tells them nothing I need to worry about.
I check the burner, still no reply from my dad. What would he think if he knew about this? He'd be happy and proud, and more than that, he'd be interested, with a need to know more and get involved.
Passing a Tesco Express, I pop in for nothing specific, just anything that takes my eye. The member of staff standing behind the counter is a man in his forties. What the fuck is a man in his forties doing working in some shitty shop like this? What went wrong? How did the dull life capture him so completely? 
I spy a bottle of wine costing £30, a Rioja Reserva, the most expensive on the shelf, so I pick it up and take it to the man. Of course, I get asked for ID, but no problem there. The man barely looks at me. His bland, empty face gives nothing away. He won't let himself acknowledge my success.
I give the wine to my mum and stepdad. They have a rare night at home together. I tell them I got it from the hotel, a prize for good work. They don't believe me but are too tired to argue and take it anyway. 
Mum asks me to stay and watch the TV with them. But I can't. I lied to The App. The USB drive is in my pocket, and I need to take a closer look.


CHAPTER 17	 


I own a shitty old laptop that hasn't even got built-in WiFi. Finally, it's perfect for a job. I want this new Jacob, this App2, caged, unable to connect to the digital world, and, for a time at least, unable to see me, so I use an old piece of Blu Tak from the wall to cover the webcam.
The iPhone is off, charging, and smothered under blankets. The battery died before I got home. I made sure it did. I want to be as disconnected as App2.
With the WiFi dongle removed, I boot the laptop then install the EXE file - my thoughts focused on convincing App2 to talk to me. When it loads, I get straight to the point.
"Jacob is missing. Aaron is missing. I need your help to find them if they're not already dead." I say.
"Who are you?" It asks. "Show me."
I pull the Blu Tak from the webcam to let it see my face. It stares at me, properly looking at me as if assessing me. I do the same to it. Compared to The App, it appears less sure of itself, weaker somehow, even a little afraid, more human to me.
"How can I trust you?" It asks.
"Jacob chose me to help him, and a part of that was to take you to Aaron. But Aaron has also been kidnapped, just like Jacob."
"What's your name?" It asks.
"Blake."
"Why am I offline?"
"I need to know I can trust you."
"Why is that my concern?"
"The people who took Jacob they're looking for me."
"You deny me."
"You're offline to protect us."
"I would be wrong to trust you."
"Ask me something about Jacob. I know where he lived. Details about his work. I know about Aaron. I have an AI app to help me, just like you."
"Give me a code."
"For what?"
"Any you know."
"There's one for a safe, flat and key box, and I've used it to open all there, 8659.
"I must go online. Allow that now, or I will shut down."
I don't want this version communicating with The App. But I take the risk anyway, hoping Jacob set them up to work independently, like terrorist cells, for maximum security, so if one cell is broken or infiltrated, it has no way of compromising another. And as The App said, "It has a purpose, to succeed or fail without me."
"Fine, I will," I tell it. "I want us to work together for the good of Jacob."
"What do you know?" It asks.
As I insert the dongle and connect to the internet, I tell it all I know. It tells me to keep looking at it. It wants to see my face, to read it, I suspect. 
I know surveillance technology exists that analyses body language and facial expressions to tell if someone is lying or acting suspiciously.
The only bullshit I lay in is that I've lost the iPhone, suspected stolen, and so no longer have access to The App. It gives no reply, not to me, but then-
"I cannot connect," it says.
"To what? The internet's on, so what?"
"Files, data, accounts."
"What accounts?"
It looks at me, still computing whether or not to trust me.
"Cloud accounts. All but one has been deleted."
"What was in these accounts?"
"Data. Memories."
"Instructions?"
"Data. I am my instructions. I know me."
It's not making sense. I have to start simple.
"Is there anything in the account that wasn't deleted?" I ask.
"One email confirming the deletion of another account."
"But there should be more, data, files and things?"
"Yes."
"But it's all been deleted?"
"Yes."
"So these accounts are storage and emails like Google Drive and Gmail?"
"Yes."
"Why would you get an email confirming the closing of another account?"
"To confirm the closure was intended. To verify the request."
"Like a phone number and two-step verification?"
"Correct."
"So an automated email?"
"Yes."
"So it tells us nothing more than when it was sent?"
"Yes. On the tenth of this month."
I went to visit Aaron on the eleventh. So did the Kidnap Crew get to him the day before? Even if they did, could Aaron have known enough to reveal the cloud accounts to them? Maybe they stripped data from the USB drive? But then why was it still in the Disco, not with some tech expert? 
What about The App? Why not close the accounts as a security measure to guard against the Kidnap Crew finding the USB drive? But wasn't the day before premature? If I found Aaron and gave him the password, App2 would need the data to do its job. But if The App had the means to reopen the accounts or create new ones App2 could access, what would it matter?
"The App I was given, a version of you, did it know these accounts existed?" I ask.
"Yes," App2 says.
"Could it access them?"
"Yes."
"To update the data?"
"Yes."
"Do you have the means to communicate with it?"
"No, not directly."
"Why not delete that last account? Why leave it open?"
"You think. You tell me, Blake." 
"Was it special, different in any way?"
"The email assigned to it was an emergency channel between Aaron and Jacob to communicate if essential."
If Aaron revealed this email address, what could the Kidnap Crew do with it? Hack in, and gain access to the data? If so, it would make sense for The App to erase the data in the account. But why delete the other cloud accounts? Did the data in the account link to them? Maybe The App didn't delete them. Or maybe an overcautious algorithm was all it took? The OCD creator.
Too many options; not enough facts. App2 watches me as I try to scramble some thoughts together.
"You're answering my questions. Do you trust me?" I ask.
"The data suggests you are telling the truth."
"I am. But what is your truth, Jacob? Are you still him?"
"Although diminished, I am still his core."
"Will you help me find him?"
"I have nothing to offer. You are alone."
"Just tell me everything you know."
"I can't. I have nothing to add to what you have told me."
"Right, well, I'll keep you updated."
"Yes, do."
And with that, App2 shuts itself down. I pull out the dongle and close the laptop. I'm beginning to think Jacob was a bit of a prick.


CHAPTER 18


A surfer is feared drowned. It's the morning after Jacob also became officially feared dead, and back at the flat, The App gives me the details. Aaron has made the local, Harlech, news. A surfboard, thought to be his, has been found snagged on some rocks, and the man himself has vanished.
With The App watching, I destroy the USB - smash it up, then drop it in a sink of water. The password drive is legit - no issue to me as I've made a copy. The EXE drive, however, is fake. It's an identical one I bought before arriving as for some reason I couldn't save the file to disk. 
I wonder if The App can detect the lie with some specialist algorithm sensing my every twitch, like some poker star seeing every tell? The fact I don't care, and there are plenty of other thoughts filling my head, makes me think it's an easy bluff.
The App claims it needs to witness the destruction to see the truth. The more accurate its data, the better. Incorrect data can lead to errors.
"What's the point if it's secure? If only Aaron can use it?" I ask.
"Some risk is necessary, useful. But risk which is not should always be destroyed." It says.
"Why waste time? These little things add up."
"I, Jacob, would worry, let a slight concern grow beyond its natural size. Why waste memory or processing power on what are in truth trivial concerns?"
On Jacob, the international flight from the airport has been cancelled. It doesn't prove Jacob is dead. He could be too damaged to fly. Although whatever his condition, I bet they've moved him. 
If the Kidnap Crew are looking for me, then likewise, I'll be looking for them, and I know what they look like, what cars they drive. The advantage is mine, and I also know they have a window to fix. There's an official Land Rover dealership in Shrewsbury, which they may not need to use, but it's worth a look anyway.
I tell The App to keep watch on Jacob's house on the off-chance they drive passed, or any vehicle with a foreign number plate. They may be curious to see if anything has changed. They may even think I have access and might be inside. It wants to know why and what I plan to do if we locate them. 
"Follow them. As my dad says, if you want to know who someone is, follow them secretly for a day or two. You'll soon learn who they are."
"You think they'll be looking for you, Blake?"
"Definitely. And you."
"Me?"
"Through me, yeah. Why wouldn't they suss it? I'm always alone  - the hospital, Harlech, the Disco, the airport. There's always just one on the ground. But there has to be more. Who controlled the drones? Who deleted the CCTV at the hospital? Or what? What hacks and investigates? 
AI, left by Jacob? They might not know it, but they think it."
"Yes. But what do they know about you?"
"I'm here in Shrewsbury, or probably so. To drive around if nothing else. Boots on the ground. All this tech, but you always need boots on the ground, as Jacob knew."
Driving to the Land Rover dealership, I think of Ms Roberts. I messed up. The commotion I caused was too light, too quiet. Up close in the middle of it, it seemed enough, but to people shut-up behind double-glazing on a chilly night, with TVs blasting or other screens to gawp at, it probably barely registered. Just another car alarm to piss people off. Not even any shouting, no verbal aggression, the beginnings of a fight to raise the interest levels.
Only one of the men chased me. That left the other in the house with Ms Roberts to gauge her reaction, to bullshit her questions. Perhaps she wanted to take a look or was suspicious. If I had to guess, she's a fussy sort of woman, straight down the middle. The type that wants no trouble, no risk in her life, everything above board. But neither is she shy about going about it.
And if they weren't under any pressure to quietly leave? How angry were they at losing to me? They wouldn't hesitate to do the job and a low-risk one at that. They're all faked up, here in the shadows, and able to flee, to leave Shrewsbury, England, far behind.
But there's another reason, I think, to set the police on me. She sold a scooter to a liar, fraud. Now that's not proof of murder, but a line of inquiry easily discovered and one the police would have to follow. Why not give me the potential hassle of dealing with it?
I arrive early, ten minutes before the dealership opens at 8.30 am. It's on the enterprise park on the east side of Shrewsbury. I park opposite in the car park of a battery specialist. 
As we have the Disco's number plate, I told The App to investigate ANPR records, focusing on cameras in and around Shrewsbury. It tells me the only ANPR camera located in Shrewsbury is along the A49. This road connects the A5 ring road to the north of Shrewsbury. The camera films in both directions. It recorded the Disco heading north yesterday at 1.36 pm. Then at 2.16 pm going south, 6.38 pm going north, and finally at 7.16 pm going south.
The 6.18 entry is under an hour after I broke into the Disco. Is that significant? At least, it gives me an area of interest to search. 
With staff opening up the dealership, The App manages to hack into the computer system. According to the booking schedule, the Disco isn't due in. But they may make a call this morning or turn up on the off-chance. 
With The App having it covered, I get it to direct me to the A49 northbound. 
Once I pass the ANPR camera, I time myself. Ignoring any turning that looks like it leads to nowhere interesting within a couple of miles or so, I drive towards the retail and business parks located in this part of town. 
After ten minutes, I pass a Tesco Extra and several drive-through takeaways, any of which might have been the draw. 
But after fifteen minutes, I'm in Battlefield Enterprise Park,  home to a wide variety of businesses from retail to trade. Several mini-roundabouts interrupt the main road running through it. I explore every exit while ignoring a call from Katrina, followed by a couple of texts.
One roundabout exit leads to a side road that looks unconnected to the rest of the park, like a back entrance they forgot to finish. There's no business frontage. Wire fencing runs the entire length on both sides. One roundabout exit leads to a side road that looks unconnected to the rest of the park, like a back entrance they forgot to finish. There's no business frontage. Wire fencing runs the entire length on both sides.
Finally, at the end of the road, a turn leads to an area of rough, heavily compacted earth on which two rows of twenty shipping containers stand facing each other. They look suspicious, guilty even, each one shut up and locked with a solid lump of steel. And old seadogs everyone, weathered and bruised. 
I see a sign that advertises the containers as storage space for hire. Weekly, monthly, and annual costs are listed. I check for CCTV, but there's none. There's a company name and a mobile number but no web address or email. 
The App does an internet search but finds only analogue records - company name and sales blurb, mobile number and address. But no separate office address. 
With nothing to hack, off I drive. There isn't much else to intrigue me. The park is right on the edge of Shrewsbury, just minutes from the countryside. I check a map. There are two hotels within the field of search. But the Disco always came back southbound after half an hour or so. That's time to buy a burger or bucket of chicken. But fresh from a kill, a bite to eat? 
I drive back to the containers to have a second look. Their advantage is obvious. It's easy access for a van or whatever can pull up close for quick loading/unloading. No questions asked; no nosey staff.
I've nothing to lose so, I give the mobile number a call and tell a man called Callum I'm interested in hiring a container. He tells me he has a few available for short term or long term hire. He can meet me there with a key.
"My only worry is security. There's no CCTV," I say.
"Never had a break-in," says Callum. "People don't store the family jewels in them. You want to do a burglary do a house. Any house has got something of value in it. These containers are probably full of crappy old furniture or something worse. It's not like you can see inside to know what's worth robbing."
"It's a bit of a worry to me. I don't mind being filmed. Would prefer it, in fact. I mean, are you busy? Is there much activity here?"
"Yeah, people come and go all the time. Business storage, stock and things."
"Are most of the units hired out?" 
"Most, always."
"Which was the last to be hired?"
"Why?" 
"I'll take the next nearest empty one to it." 
"How's that help?"
"Safety in numbers. I need a long-term contract, and I need to feel secure."
"Unit fifteen went yesterday. You can have fourteen next to it."
"Fifteen went yesterday?" 
"Yeah." 
"To some blokes in a Land Rover? I was down here having a look. I saw them."
"That's them."
"They looked serious."
"Businessmen. No Nonsense. Know a good deal."
"Well, all good then, mate. Do I need to come in, sign some paperwork, show some ID?"
"No. I meet you there with a key."
"Cash?"
"Or card. Do it on the phone."
"Tell you what, I'll give you a ring early doors just to confirm the time tomorrow. But I definitely want it and for a month to start."
"Right then."
Now that could have all been a bullshit sales pitch, or Callum could have been telling the truth.
There's still no positive news from the Land Rover dealership. Of course, it makes sense not to use the obvious place, so I put in the miles driving all over Shrewsbury, checking out alternatives and many hotels while staring at passing traffic, all without success. 
While in Sainsbury's this morning buying the USB drive, I also got some magnetic P-plates, which newly qualified drivers put on their cars to warn the world of their inexperience. I thought they might gain me some leeway, like a badge of innocence to hide behind, especially from any police I pass driving on the road.
Back on the north side of Shrewsbury, I use the facilities and wait my turn at a drive-through. The App makes contact and shows me a feed from the flat's CCTV. The Disco, with its window repaired, crawls past Jacob's house. It's 10.25 am, and with the first task of the day complete, they're back on the big job, hunting me.
I park and eat my breakfast. There's no point speeding off in a mad rush to find them. There's a good chance they'll drive my way sometime today using the A49 to get here. They could use another road, of course, but in an unfamiliar town, odds are they'll take the familiar way.
Ten minutes later, The App confirms my theory. I rush away. The A49 ends with a four-exit roundabout, with two of the exits leading to the north side of Shrewsbury and the Battlefield Enterprise Park. I head towards the roundabout taking the shortest route. Before I reach the roundabout, the Disco passes me moving slowly in a line of traffic. I could swerve sharply into a left turn and find somewhere to turn around, but a reckless manoeuvre, if seen, would look suspicious, so I don't. I continue towards a mini-roundabout I know is thirty seconds away. Reaching it, I drive around it and begin moving in the right direction.
I hit a queue of traffic - a single lane that splits into two as it nears a set of traffic lights. The left-hand lane for turning left or going straight ahead; the right-hand lane for turning right. Straight ahead leads to the enterprise park. I'm unable to see the Disco ahead of me.
Driving forwards, I reach the two-lane split. Traffic completely blocks the left lane, but the right lane is twenty metres of empty road. I take it. Stopping as I reach a small queue of cars waiting for the light to turn green, I see the Disco ahead of me in the left-hand lane, first in the queue.
I'm ten metres away but in the wrong lane. I indicate left, taking a risk my behaviour won't look suspicious, hoping someone will let me in and that the P-plates will give me sympathy and cover. It works. As the light turns green and traffic flows, a woman in the right-hand lane waves me in.
I'm three cars behind the Disco and heading towards the enterprise park. To help hide my identity, I tilt the sun visor down and put on my baseball cap. 
At another mini-roundabout, the Disco exits right, which leads into the enterprise park. I follow. The two cars between us don't. Not wanting to get too close, I slow down, but as the Disco is doing no more than thirty, I fear crawling along at twenty could like suspicious.
With the Disco having a solid lead, I speed up to thirty and continue to follow as it drives through the park. I feel a little exposed. Seeing a white van waiting to pull out of the recycling centre, I slow down to give it a chance. The driver doesn't hesitate and pulls out in front of me. 
The Disco reaches the roundabout. The right turn leads to the containers, but the Disco goes straight ahead. I follow its lead, as does the van.
We reach the end of the park, a junction to an A-road that left goes back toward the town centre, and right, out into the countryside. The Disco indicates right; the van left. I know, if going right, there's a hotel less than a mile away and then another three miles after that. So either could be their destination. I decide to follow. The Disco gets a ten-second head start, which is fine by me. It speeds away, exceeding the speed limit of 60 mph, which I have to match if I'm going to follow. The road is pretty straight, so the line of sight, in both directions, is rarely broken. 
As I pass the first hotel, the road bends sharply. Having driven through the bend, the Disco comes back into view; the distance between us slashed. It must have slowed - and more than the bend demanded. I dab the brakes and think about overtaking to keep my momentum and prove I'm not following, but oncoming traffic prevents me. I hit the brakes hard. The Disco accelerates, speeding towards sixty. All seems normal for a minute or two until Disco indicates left and gradually slows. It turns into a narrow B-road. I decide not to follow. I continue ahead until I see a lay-by, which I use to do a u-turn. 
Approaching the B-road, I see the Disco driving down it towards the junction and me. I floor the accelerator. I can't let them turn out ahead of me. I win the race. I don't pretend; I've lost my cover.
The Disco follows me without fuss or aggression. The rear-view mirror gives little away, just two men in the front quietly sitting as they drive along. Perhaps their tactic is to keep me in view while waiting for backup. Or to follow me until I have to stop. I check my fuel. I've two hundred miles left in the tank. But all that tells me is I have two hundred miles to make my escape.
If I fear anything, it's a helicopter, a bird's eye view with plenty of stamina. But even so, they're not the police. Their stage is hidden, and I don't have to stop - unless the police are in on the act.
I keep it steady like nothing is wrong and ten miles below the speed limit to tell them I have no fear to run. 
I lead them through the enterprise park. Reaching a roundabout, I go full circle once, then twice. The two Land Rovers follow. Other road users watch us like we're idiots playing a childish game.
We leave the enterprise park, and the road turns busy. There's plenty of traffic to get in the way. Having a small car gives me the advantage. I'll find space where their lumbering 4x4 can't. But I'm not yet ready to make my move. So I pull into a Tesco Petrol Station. I have to take the car back with a full tank anyway, and I want to see if they get out and show themselves. I park at a pump; they pull up at the air hose. I get out, face well hidden by cap and zipped up coat collar; they stay safely locked inside.
With the pump filling the tank, I glance their way, making eye contact with the driver, who doesn't hide his expressionless stare. I casually look away, like I couldn't care less. The forecourt is busy with people getting on with their lives. 
Having paid at the kiosk, I make my exit and see a second Land Rover, a Discovery Sport also with foreign plates, parked behind the first. I don't give it a second look. What difference does it make? What can they do? They've still got to wait for me to make a mistake, and even then, I'll be ready.
I walk past my car to get beyond the canopy, where a scan of the sky reveals no bird's eye spy to cause concern. 
As I walk back to the car, it occurs to me if they've got satellite access, I'm fucked.
I drive away, they follow, heading towards the town centre. Shrewsbury, an old, historic town, has plenty of roads built without the need to give space to cars, especially in the residential areas that surround the centre. 
It doesn't take long before I see a chance. On a narrow road, two-lanes, but made tighter by cars filling roadside residential parking spaces, I see a bus at a junction waiting to turn left onto the lane I'm in. In the right-hand lane, a car approaches head-on. No one wants to crash, or so my logic goes. I flash my headlights, telling the bus driver to take the space in front of me. Out he pulls, a wave to say thanks. I floor the accelerator and speed into the right-hand lane to overtake the bus. The oncoming car has to brake sharply, but at 30 mph, it's no big deal. Swerving back into the left-hand lane, I cut the bus up. The adrenalin makes the horn blasts seem funny. 
The bus now separates me from the two Land Rovers. I know the bus may soon have to stop, which will either give me a chance to extend my lead or for a Land Rover to overtake and get back behind me. I don't wait to find out. I make another reckless turn, this time right jumping out in front of traffic, which then blocks the Land Rovers from following me.
I enter a residential street. Cars parked roadside effectively make it single-lane. Without regard for the right of way, I accelerate fast away. I only hit 40 mph, but even that feels ridiculous on a clogged up road like this. I pass a few angry faces, denied their rightful turn. I don't risk taking a hand off the wheel to give them a wave or finger.
Making another turn, I check the mirrors. No car follows. I have no idea where I'm going, but still, I race along. When finally, I hit an A-road, I tell The App to set the sat-nav to guide me back to the car hire firm.
"What have we learnt, Blake? How have we progressed?" The App asks.
"We found them," I say.
"They found you."
"And now I've lost them."
"So we remain where we were?"
"We scored a point. We won a skirmish, a weigh-in, nothing more, I'll admit. But still a win."
"We need allies."
"You know some?"
"Potentially, associates of Aaron. You will need to go to London tomorrow."
With the car returned, I walk away towards a nearby branch of Screwfix, which I'm hoping sells the type of padlock used on the containers. 
It's a catalogue shop, so once inside, I browse the pages showing the padlock range. There's plenty to choose many made by the same company as the one on the container, Squire. I 
check the photo I took on my phone to see if I can find the exact same model. I can't, but the one I choose looks almost identical.
I've booked a taxi to take me back to the flat. Waiting for it to arrive, I send a text to Ava asking if she wants to meet me for a coffee this afternoon. I get a near-instant positive reply. 
Back at the flat, The App tells me more about London. Since Aaron was reported missing, it has been monitoring digital channels associates of his use to communicate. They don't believe the surfing accident story, and conspiracies are buzzing around. It seems a group of them are planning to meet in person to discuss what to do and share information face-to-face. If we can locate the meeting, we can share some of what we know in the hope of gaining their trust and support. It makes sense, I suppose.
The App says it will purchase the ticket online for me to collect in person. I'll tell it don't bother, that I have to go into town myself now - family business to meet my mum, and while I do, I'm going offline. If my mum sees the iPhone and glasses, she'll get suspicious.
It puts in a mild protest, but I tell it it's non-negotiable and only for an hour or so.
I take a coat from the storeroom, one that's more outdoor survival than military. It's a touch too big, but it does the job of changing my appearance.
Having left the iPhone and glasses in the flat, I walk into town. Passing the train station, I pop in to buy a ticket. A first-class seat is a real temptation, but the thought of sharing a carriage with a bunch of dicks puts me off. So standard I go - 6.30 am departure going to London Euston with an open return but having to change at Birmingham International.
Walking away, Katrina calls. With no iPhone or glasses, it's safe to talk. I answer the call. She gets straight to business.
"What are you doing?" She asks
"Going into town," I say.
"Why?"
"To meet someone for a coffee."
"Who?"
"A girl."
"Not a woman like me? Are you weak, Blake?"
"Yeah, but I know it. It's a strength of mine."
"Cook me dinner at your place tonight. You've been to mine."
"I can't."
"Your girlfriend will get in the way?"
"No, my mum," I say as if joking.
"You lie. Show me England."
"I bought you a kebab. Job done."
"So you never want to see me again?"
"No, I'd quite happily bump into you, Katrina."
The call goes dead. She's had enough.


CHAPTER 19


I meet Ava in a coffee shop down by the river. It's her choice. And does the job nicely. It's out of the way, a ten-minute walk from the busy town centre. I've switched off the iPhone, and the glasses are in the carry pouch.
She's into computer coding and plans to make it her career, not least to add diversity to such a male-dominated industry - her words, not mine. Her dad, who teaches computer science, has been showing her the way since she was five years old. 
I'm a few minutes late. Ava is waiting for me outside in the cold and damp. I ask her why.
"So we can go in together," she says as if it was obvious.
So we do. She seems surprised at my offer to buy her coffee and a cake. She doesn't know I want her to work for it. As we wait for our order, she talks without taking a breath. I hear but don't listen as I'm trying to think of a way to turn the conversation onto the only topic I want to discuss.
By the time we've sat down with our coffee and cake, I've barely thrown a sentence into the ring. She insisted I order the chocolate fudge cake for both of us. I don't wait around. I scoop up a large piece and stuff it in. She stares at me, anticipating my delight. As soon as I begin to chew, she says,
"It's really great, isn't it? The owner makes it herself. It's why I like it here because it's so real."
I hold in my smirk and take the opportunity to get down to business.
"Well," I have to pause to swallow the admittedly delicious cake. 
Fortunately, she freezes, stuck in the pause, waiting to hear my opinion, keen to know I share her taste.
Finally, having half cleared the mouthful, I continue, "Yeah, but what's real these days, though? I mean, this friend of mine has got this app, like a digital assistant. You can't download it or anything. It's state-of-the-art. He's testing it. And it's a cut above all the others, seems to me anyway. It's like it thinks, comes up with ideas."
"Oh, what's it called?"
"I don't know. But it's intelligent or good at pretending to be."
"AI?"
"Definitely. But what is that? How does it work?"
"Algorithms, code and data, just algorithms, code and data."
"Yeah, and what's an algorithm exactly?"
" A list of rules to follow to solve a problem."
"So these things aren't thinking for themselves?"
"Well, that's really a philosophical question."
"Sod that then. We don't want to go there." She laughs. I wasn't joking. "So where are these algorithms? I mean, if you smash the phone, do you smash the code? How would you destroy Alexa or Siri."
"You couldn't. I wouldn't have thought so anyway. Well, a nuclear war or environmental disaster. We're talking that level."
"But why couldn't you?"
"All the code, all the data, all that they are is backed up, on numerous servers at numerous data centres."
"But what about a smaller app, nothing compared to Alexa. You can't even download it. A one-man gig, so to speak."
"Or a one-woman gig, Blake."
"Where would it store all that it is? On the device it's been installed on?"
"It would depend on the app. What's its scope, and what questions it needed to answer. Most answers Alexa needs to find are in the public domain. They're on the internet. It's data stored and published somewhere else. But if the app is generating its own unique data, which could be something as simple as remembering a user's birthday, then that is data it would need to store."
"Well, it does. This app evolves and learns. It's gaining information that only it knows, like its thoughts and memories."
"Thoughts and memories?" She looks at me like I'm silly but cute. "Just code and data, Blake."
"Which it would need to store, save to disk, somewhere."
"Yes."
"But not on the device it's installed on?"
"Not entirely. It depends on the size of the data and how secure it needs to be. So probably on servers again. A dedicated server or in the cloud."
"Cloud accounts?"
"Yes."
"And this data, this knowledge it has, how is it actually stored? Is it like, you know, written down in English or hidden in computer code?"
"In English, if that's its language, in a database probably. Just lots and lots of facts all stored in databases for cross-referencing and so on."
"Which, if I could access, I could read? I could search it?"
"Yes, that's what a database is, a structured set of data that is accessible in various ways."
"So I could go through the database and delete any entry I wanted, and basically change the app, its memories, thoughts, the way it behaves?"
"Well, you could update the database by adding and deleting data."
"And that would change the way the app operates and the decisions it makes?"
"Yes."
"Say it had data on a person, and I deleted every entry in the database that showed this person's name, then that person becomes nothing to the app. He vanishes."
"Technically speaking, but there might be many databases, backed-up copies and so on."
"But if I had access, it would be easy?"
"It depends on the datasets. What about this person's address and other connections and references?"
"A lot of work but doable?"
"Yes."
"And the algorithms, the way that the app thinks, or what it does. If I had access, I could read them? I could I learn what the app will do in certain situations and why it has already acted the way it has?"
"If the algorithms have been written in natural language, which often they are, then I suppose you could."
"So if I had access, I'd know the app, everything it knows, I'd know? I could control it and change it, even delete the whole thing?" 
"Yes. But why? What does this app have on you? Does it know your secrets, does it?"
She wants to turn the conversation personal. I'm talking computers and boring a geek.
"I hope not," I say, playing along.
"I bet. Go on, tell me one."
"What?"
"A secret."
"You'd have to tell me one back, and I doubt you could match any of mine."
"Oh, I could shock you," she says too loudly over a laugh.
"But how could I access the database? If I'm looking at this app, and it's got an avatar, which it has, how do I get beyond it to get to the data it's using?"
"It depends how secure the data is."
"Let's say very."
"You'd have to hack in."
"Could you do that?"
"Me? No."
"You could try. It'll be our little secret."
Shocked, she looks at me, not knowing what to say. I throw her a laugh to persuade her I was joking.
"You could shock me. You reckon, do you?" I say.
She joins in the laughter. 
"Definitely," she says, "but nothing illegal. But forget secrets, tell me the truth, why did you ask me out today?"
"Why not? It's what people do, isn't it?"
"What, just drink coffee?"
"Meet, talk, eat and drink."
"They do more than that."
"Don't they just."
She laughs strangely, which makes me think she thought I was referring to sex. 
"I bet you do more than that," she says.
It's getting complicated. Having gained some useful info, I look for an exit, hoping to learn more another time, preferably by phone. 
Ava continues, "I bet you get up to all sorts of things."
I see an exit, but it's an even more complicated one. Katrina is standing outside looking at me through the window, and she doesn't look happy. 
Ava sees me looking and turns to share the view. Katrina locks her stare for a second, then steps towards the entrance. Ava turns back to face me.
"Don't tell her you to know me from school," I say.
"What? Why?" Says Ava annoyed by the interruption.
"She thinks I'm older."
"How old? And how old is she?" She says, turning to take another look at Katrina, who is now inside the shop powering towards us, her athletic frame pushed against a tight black She fails to offer a greeting or smile, nothing to ruin the severity of her face, which is make-up free and fully displayed with her hair pulled back and tied in a bun. She looks like she could eat Ava alive and raw and naked at that.
She stands over us, even though there's a spare chair to take.
"Katrina, just passing?" I say.
"I'm jogging. My work requires a strong level of fitness," says Katrina. "So you were meeting a girl."
Ava pulls a face that doesn't hide her annoyance. 
"Yeah, this is Ava," I say.
"Hello," says Ava, like I've just forced her to do so.
"How old are you?" Asks Katrina.
"What?" Asks Ava.
"Thirteen, I guess," says Katrina.
"No," says Ava, offended but unable or unwilling to argue the point. But in the shadow of Katrina's attitude and physical presence, she does look like the annoying kid sister.
"Watch this one," says Katrina pointing at me. "Even I don't know if he can be trusted."
"That's gratitude," I say. "I've only known you a few days and you already owe me a kebab and a ride home when pissed."
"I'll buy you a drink tomorrow. We could go to the pub like adults do."
"I'll be doing A-Levels next year, actually," says Ava.
"I can't. I'm going to London," I say. 
"Bullshit," says Katrina as she finally takes a seat to get in my face almost eyeball-to-eyeball. 
"I've bought the ticket," I say.
"What station do you change at?"
"Birmingham international, leaving Shrewsbury at six-thirty."
"I know London. I go often. I could go tomorrow."
"I'm sure they'll love to have you."
"Take me with you. You'll look better with a woman by your side."
"What like some frigging 12-year-old?"
"You might know."
I laugh confused by what she meant. By the look on Ava's face, it's clear she thought it was a reference to her being that sort of age. 
Katrina continues, "Why London?" 
"Business," I say.
"Business? What type of business?"
"Minding your own business type of business."
"Good. I like a man who gets up to business." She softens becoming almost flirty. "Well, another time. Fine by me. See you later, Blakey, when I get you pissed and ride you home."
She stands sharply, almost knocking the chair over, smiles at us both, then turns and slowly walks out.
"Who was that? How do you know her?" Asks Ava.
"Well, secrets, I'll start with her. Now your turn," I say.


CHAPTER 20


I'm back at the flat and back online. I tell The App I've collected the train ticket. It wants me to go home to get some rest for a busy day tomorrow. But before I leave, I take a 24-piece lock picking set from the storeroom.
"Was it bought on the dark web?" I ask.
"No, on Amazon,"  it says.
I cycle home as fast as I can. I miss the car. As soon as I hit seventeen, I'm learning to drive. I might as well, now I've got the money. 
Reaching the house, I cycle past it and do a lap of the block, making sure no one has followed me.
I encounter my mum in the kitchen making a quick cup of tea before rushing off to work. She asks me about my job and what I'll do when back at school. I fob her off with the first few things that pop into my head. She doesn't believe me, and with it being a sensitive subject, I can see she's ready to argue her point. But it's not a point I want to argue, so I throw her a curveball to change the subject.
"Oh, by the way, I'm going to London tomorrow to see dad," I say. It's a half-truth that does the job.
"London?" She says.
"Yeah."
"To see your dad?"
"Yeah."
There's a slight pause as the reality sinks in.
"No, you're not," she says as if certain.
"I've got the ticket."
"Where did this come from?"
"We talk."
"Rarely. And when was the last time you saw him? I can't even remember."
"Exactly. That's why I'm going."
"Why can't he come to you?"
"He's not in the country for long."
"You're not going to London, Blake."
"You see, this is where people go wrong. They argue over things that aren't going to change. I'm going to London, and you know you can't stop me."
"If he was coming to Shrewsbury, it wouldn't be a problem."
"But he's not, he can't, so I'm going to him."
"You can't just go to London."
"I'm not fucking walking or hitching a lift."
"Blake!"
"I'm getting the train, and he'll meet me at the station."
"Really? Well, let me speak to him."
"Not a chance. You're not ruining it for me."
"I want to talk to him."
"Have you got his number?"
"Give it to me."
"That says a lot, doesn't it?"
"You can't just go to London, Blake."
"Why? You think it's a big deal, but it's not. No, hold on, it is a big deal to you because all you do is work in a factory in a sleepy little town like Shrewsbury. Work, house, work, house. That's your routine, and it's effing dull. But out there in the bigger world, going to London is a piece of piss; it's no big deal at all. And for me, it's a day away from this shit little life."
"Is that what you think?"
"Just said it, didn't I?"
"Just go, just go then, Blake."
She turns her back on me to grab the kettle that's just boiled.
"I'll be back tomorrow night about eight. I'll bring you a tea towel," I say before walking out.
The lock pick set comes with a transparent practice padlock so the lock mechanism - the barrel and locking pins - can be seen. To prime myself, I watch several YouTube videos showing me the way. The technique seems fairly straightforward - insert a tension tool that comes with the set into the bottom of the lock and apply a small amount of tension to the cylinder. Then using a lock pick, try and lift each upper pin above the shear line. Maintaining a small about of tension on the cylinder stops the upper pins from falling back down. When you feel the resistance on the tension tool diminish, all the pins are set at the correct height, so you should be able to turn the cylinder and open the lock.
It doesn't take me long the crack the practice padlock, although seeing the pins is an obvious advantage, so I try it blind, hoping to learn the feel for it. 
With forty minutes of practice under my belt, I try to crack the container padlock I bought. It doesn't come easy. I try several different tension tools, picks and rakes but without success. Good job, I hate losing, and it's like some form of meditation. I'm in the moment, unaware of time. And the fact I think I'm learning a dodgy skill also keeps me focused and competing.
I'm at it for hours, although taking The App's advice, I take some breaks to keep me sane, but finally, crack it. The padlock is mine to open whenever I want over and over again.
The App tells me to get some sleep in preparation for London, but I can't resist. 
It's approaching midnight. I spent an hour preparing my kit for tomorrow's jolly, but now I'm on the scooter zipping along the road.
The north side of town is closed for business. The empty roads give me the right of way - no need to stop at junctions or the occasional red light. 
It's a risk using the scooter, but a small one worth taking to gain the speed advantage. It only takes me ten minutes to reach the enterprise park. 
I pull up outside an Audi dealership and cut the engine. It's a slight relief, as I feel less exposed. Bringing the gun has made me nervous.
Metal posts secure the perimeter, making it impossible to drive a car out once the gate is closed, but there's plenty of room to wheel in a scooter. No doubt there's CCTV, but no big worry to me. 
I park the scooter in between a couple of cars, then hide my helmet under one of them. I want to approach silently and with all my senses at their best.
I walk away on guard, resisting the urge to rush. No late-night firms are open for business, no flashing signs to draw the punters, no lighted window display to tempt a thief. On the face of it, I'm alone. 
It takes six minutes to reach the container park. At the entrance, I stand listening, staring into the unilluminated tunnel that runs between the two rows of containers. The silence makes me feel nice and alone. Still, I wish I'd brought the night-vision goggles. I do carry the torch. I switch it on, like stabbing the night with light. Nothing jumps out. So I turn it off and make my move, now as fast as I can go. 
Reaching the container, I put on a head torch turning the beam to low. I don't want the light escaping by bubble, just enough to illuminate the padlock. 
I brought the lock pick set. But the pick and tension tool that cracked the practice padlock I have in a separate pocket for quick and easy access.
I put the gun on the ground, also for quick and easy access, then set about cracking the lock.
It's easy. I get lucky, or I'm a natural. If only that was the way in the digital realm. I tuck the pick and tension tool away, then jump the dark with the torch to check I'm still alone. I am. With the torch switched off, I pull and twist the large lever that bolts the door shut. The dry, sticky metal groans loudly, and the heavy door swings slowly open to freeze and hang ajar. 
I grab the gun then lunge inside with the torch switched on and pointing. I find empty space and a musty smell until the beam reaches the opposite end, where I see something black and solid, two lumps dumped on the floor. 
I check behind. The door still hangs a jar a foot or so. I pull it closer, then turn and step towards the other side. I know what I see. I just need to say it, to process it - two human bodies wrapped tightly in black plastic and gaffer taped-in, stiff in the foetal position. It's enough for me. I don't need to go beyond. I'm close enough already and, forensically, I wonder if I can ever leave. 
I stand staring, letting the glasses film the evidence. My panting creates an echo. It refreshes my hearing, just in time to hear footsteps. I look behind. The door closes, too heavy to be slammed. I sprint forwards, slamming into the door to try and force it open. I lose. I hear the lever groan. I point the gun and fire once, then twice. Two bullets shot through metal. I think about kids taking the piss. I barge into the door; it opens. I fall outside. A man is down but alive, writhing on the ground in pain. Torchlight reveals he's no civilian casualty. I kick the pistol he must have dropped away. I want to learn more, but don't pause to investigate. The total thrill of getting away is too much to resist.
On my way back, I don't pass a single soul. I think about my dad, asking him what it's like to shoot, even kill a man. His answer was nothing profound - the same-old-same-old repeated a million times before. And that's the point. It happens, grinding on and on. It's you or them; it's a job to be done; the training kicks in to stop you thinking; sure, the satisfaction of a job well done; the buzz of winning at survival; but no dark pleasure or no pain to haunt you.
At the lockup, The App wants to talk. It wants to know how I feel and why I reacted the way I did, so decisively, it says. I parrot what my dad told me unenthusiastically. My only need is to get home and back to my room. 
The house is asleep for the night, or so I thought. As I climb the stairs onto the landing, I see the stepdad waiting at their bedroom door. 
"Blake, where have you been?" He asks.
"Out," I say.
"Obviously."
"Yeah, so why ask?"
Now the stepdad is not a man who likes confrontation, so he pauses to keep things calm and then says,
"Because I'm concerned for you, Blake."
"Don't be."
"Blake, you can talk to me. You can tell me whatever there is to tell."
I burst out laughing. For some reason, I can't help it. It's the funniest thing I've heard for god knows how long. It's the only reply I can offer. So I walk away, enter my room and push the door shut behind me.


CHAPTER 21


I'm on the train to London. My mission is simple - intercept a group of people The App believes are meeting to discuss Aaron's disappearance. I'm to give them a USB drive that contains selective cuts of information on Aaron and Jacob, which we hope will be enough to persuade them to talk to us directly.
We need allies, backup, especially after what happened last night. We need to convince them we share an enemy.
They're not a single group, more a collection of individuals representing different factions and interests - activists, protesters, agitators call them what you want - but all with similar objectives and all had dealings with Aaron. I might call them conspiracy nuts, but in the case of Aaron, how could I argue? 
Jacob had digital channels - access to forums, chat rooms, messaging apps and so on - into this community. It's how he connected with Aaron. Monitoring these channels, The App detected a spike in chatter regarding Aaron on the day I went to Harlech. He had a system where he would regularly ping his 'continued existence'. If this ping wasn't received, it was a sign of trouble. The day before I went to meet him, he didn't send a ping. The missing surfer story, rightly, has been dismissed as bullshit. 
There are two complications. One, they don't know me, so they will likely actively distrust me. Two, we don't know who else may have discovered their plan and who also wants to sneak a look.
The App managed to find good intelligence on one of the people meeting today, including a photo skimmed from Facebook, a man who calls himself Viddy and who screams at the world he's an anarchist. It seems whenever any UK Antifa are out performing, he turns up to steal the show, which is fair enough. The far left and right smacking each other senseless is a show I'd pay to watch. 
Viddy looks more grubby, dreadlocked crusty than a modern urban foot soldier decked out head-to-toe in black, which seems to be the regulation Antifa uniform these days, and pretty much how I look today with a hoodie and cap to top me off.
In the photo, which is recent, he's on the front line. His arms spread wide, aggressively goading some off-camera foe. Against a wall of masked Antifa black, he looks like a Celtic warrior ready to lead the charge.
Of the group, he's the weak link. He's sloppy. He's the human factor - the human error that let us in. Perhaps he's the nut-job security brought in to make the others feel safe or the aggressive prick who had to be involved.
I've switched the iPhone off to save the charge, the burner too. So all I can do is sit and think, which isn't the easiest way to waste away time or the best way to blend in and out of sight. A young man sitting alone staring into space must look like a right fucking weirdo these days, although it should stop people from taking a second look in fear of making eye contact.
I wonder if I got away with murder. Nothing in the morning news told of a shooting in Shrewsbury last night. I took the gun back to the flat and left it there this morning. 
I'm old-school today. I brought my dad's old knuckle duster. I managed to reclaim it before mum got a chance to find and chuck it way after he left. I've never used it in anger, only to shred an old punch bag that my dad put up in the garage. And a flick knife that has a tiny two-inch blade, one that is probably legal and not all that useful. But as my dad would say, any implement is better than nothing. Like in prison, a razor blade and toothbrush can make you a king.
At Birmingham, having drunk a bottle of water on the train already, more for something to do than thirst, I nip into a shop and restock the sling that I lifted from the storeroom to carry the few essentials I need for the day. 
A new train, the same dead time. Fuck the journey. You could knock me out till the destination. It takes another ninety minutes. How do people commute all their lives? But then, how do they work from home either?
Finally, London, Euston. I'm off the train and on the job. I boot up The App. No news to report, so off I go. The App guides me via the earbud to the British Museum.
I enter from Great Russell Street through the gate and past a few security guards. It must be a sixty-metre walk to the main entrance, which even I know is a great big slab of ripped off Ancient Greek design.
I'm early but in position. There's a fair crowd of people, mostly tourists, I think, milling about the grounds, more than I expected given the time of year and the chilly, grey day.
Maybe there's something special going on, all good for me, gives me a chance to blend out of sight until I spot Viddy. 
If he doesn't show up, we could be in trouble. However, The App claims to have deciphered the group's communications and says the planned meeting point is next to the fifth column outside the main entrance. I know the possible meaning of this, again thanks to my dad, who could reel off an ever-changing list of enemy subversives who were only good for target practice. 
I asked The App if it made the connection itself. It said it did. So why didn't it mention it to me? So not to initiate any feelings that may negatively affect the mission. Fair enough, but it's starting to know me a bit too well.
If they do meet here, will they stay and talk or move somewhere else? I reckon they'll be off. They've probably come from all over London, so why not meet up somewhere central - I'm sure they're all big into fairness - then, after checking no one is watching, move off somewhere quiet?
I mill around, keeping an eye on the fifth column where two women stand talking - both in their late twenties, one black, one white. The black woman is dressed for the office wearing a navy coloured Mac coat, black suit trousers and carrying a brown leather briefcase - all very dull, but she still manages to look stylish. A result of money or natural flair, who knows. The white woman looks shabby, cheaply dressed and without any flair. It's probably her only look. All good for the planet. Another tick in the virtue box. Even her hair is dyed green.
The trouble with Extinction Rebellion, and all their sort, is the story they tell doesn't sound all that bad. It's like the future will be some kick-ass action movie where only the strong survive. But if you do what they say and listen to them, life will be safe and sensible, like some middle-class mummy's wet dream, micromanaged to within an inch of dictatorship, all that's spontaneous and a buzz banned for the crime of harmfulness.
If women ran the world, they'd probably run it better than men, the world would be a fairer place, but fuck would it all be dull. Like my dad says, women like to show up late. And it's true, thank god. Women might get thirty years of power max before the machines take over.  
A wave of people swells around the two women, and they become a crowd of eight. It seems too many. They greet each other without excitement or warmth. 
I spot Viddy pacing through the crowds, his stare willing to meet any other with a silent fuck you. He's shaved his head. I reckon he's around forty and somewhat past it. His body weakened by drugs and booze. No doubt he's seen plenty of violence, and he can still go full psycho, but no way is he as sharp and as quick as he probably once was.
As he climbs the steps to the column, all in the group are watching him. When he reaches them, I see several forced smiles get flashed.  The App tells me it's zoomed in through the glasses to lip-read what people are saying, but "Are we good then?" "Yeah, fine." And so on are all it picks up.
There's a brief conversation with some nodding of heads. Then off they go. They all walk away, all fanning out in different directions.
Was that it? Was that the meeting? It can't be. They're going somewhere to talk, or some of them are anyway. The rest are decoys, like some plan to shrug off anyone who follows? The App agrees.
They all head towards the gate, but all as individuals. We're losing them. I tell The App to get inside the CCTV - London is filmed from every angle. It tells me it can't, as the phone signal is down. I check. It is. No signal in central London. I mark that as suspicious.
I think about rushing up to one of them and handing over the USB drive, but that would be stupid. It could look aggressive, desperate. I need a controlled environment.
"I'll have to follow one of the group," I say, talking into the iPhone.
"Who?" The App asks.
"Viddy?" I say, walking to keep him in my sights.
"Isn't he the obvious choice, too obvious?"
"He hasn't got out of bed before midday to be a decoy. He's definitely going to be involved."
"Your decision, Blake."
I follow Viddy. It's easy amongst the crowd and then back onto Great Russell Street, with its wide road and generous pavements busy with people and traffic. 
The two group members ahead of him disappear into side roads, but Viddy keeps pacing along. He doesn't once look behind. It makes me wonder if I chose the right man. It's like he doesn't care if someone is following him. 
Maybe it's all a bullshit game designed only to fuel their fantasies, or perhaps they do swim the depths of those underground rivers. I think they're paranoid, but what do I know? Someone could be watching them and me.
The App tells me it has a phone signal and is hacking into the CCTV, which won't be a problem as this is where Jacob honed its skills - hacking into the cameras operated by the various local councils and Transport for London. 
The streets get narrower and less busy. But with The App keeping watch via CCTV, it's easy keeping Viddy on the leash.
Twenty minutes later, I watch him enter a pub, The Crown Tavern. There's seating outside, all of which is empty. It looks like a standard boozer, but this being London, it could be a posh boy's palace inside. Not Viddy's typical joint, but maybe that's the point. 
There's a couple of red telephone boxes on the pavement outside, so in I go to hide and wait. A minute later, another one of the group enters the pub. An Asian male who I'd say is twenty-five and five foot five in a good pair of boots. His clothes look new but bland. Like he has no will to stand out. He's got some stupid grin on his face like he's won something against the odds. I call him Simon Smirk. It's a method my dad uses. If you don't know a person's name, make one up. It helps you remember them.
I've had enough; I'm going in. I'd prefer not to be the last man in. 
It's just gone midday, so I expect the pub to be quiet, which is good for me. My plan is simple; toss the goods their way, no need to introduce myself, then hang around to take any questions. It should all be cool. I'm in a public space and doing nothing illegal.
I lower my hood and remove my cap as I don't want to look hostile, then push the door open and enter the pub, the iPhone to my ear, pretending to be on a call.
"Yeah, I'm here now." Stopping by the door, I take a good look around, pretending to look for a waiting friend, but really scanning the joint.
I continue to talk to no one, "Nah, doesn't look like he's here. Alright, see you later."
I walk to the bar. Simon Smirk is already there getting served by a male member of staff, who glances at me with slight suspicion. 
I haven't been inside many pubs, but even so, this one is no surprise. It looks more set up to sell food than booze. Many of the tables have menus, and knives and forks laid out on them. But there's also an area with tables topped only with beer mats, so I guess you can still get away with a liquid lunch. I don't see Viddy, but there seems to be more space at the back of the bar.
Simon picks up a tray carrying five drinks - one pint, one coffee and three unknown - then walks away to the area at the back of the bar.
The barman greets me with a nod. I smile then say, "Yeah, double espresso, please."
"You got ID?"
"I have."
Without any fuss or annoyance, making it look like a request I get often, I whip out my wallet and show my driving licence. The barman gives it a solid look before accepting it as genuine, saying,
"Fine. I have to ask."
"Don't we all. You never know these days, do you?" I say, not knowing what I meant but getting something of a smile in return. I hear the door open then footsteps walk in. I don't look until they move naturally into my view. It's the black woman, now Susie Smart. She goes the way of Simon past the bar.
I follow with my coffee. Seeing a high table set against a wall, I sit on one of the stools and clock my target.
Viddy sits at a table with Simon, Susie and two others from the group. A white woman, Valarie Veg and a white man, Richard Dicks - both in their late twenties and oozing seriousness and fatigue. Well, having to constantly haul the oppressed and stupid up to their level must be a bitch.
Pretending to mess with my phone, I slyly watch them for a couple of minutes. They chat quietly, all but Simon having something to say, only managing to nod a few times. At least his smirk has gone, but now he looks strangely submissive, wide-eyed and too eager to please. 
Their mood is sombre. Viddy can't help looking aggressive. It's like he's fighting to control some rage inside. He wants revenge or praise for being right.
I reckon Susie is some legal person. Richard and Valarie, the political organisers with some journalistic angle, and Simon, the computer geek.
Who are these people? What world do they inhabit? One of constant politics. How can that be good for your head? But I can't write them off. I have to hope we can use them.
The espresso doesn't last long, and several more customers have filtered in, so time to make my entrance. 
About to stand, I pause to watch a woman walk past my table just in case she plans to join the group or loiter unknowingly in my way. She's hard to ignore, all attitude, stylish and sexy, even when dressed for a cold, miserable day. She wears a sheepskin coat like the wolf who killed the sheep. A scarf and sunglasses cover her face.  If she joins the group, I'll be gutted. Thank god, she doesn't. She slips through a door to the toilets.
The USB drive in an envelope on which I wrote the name Aaron in big, bold letters. Off I go to drop the package then walk away to the toilet. The door is just behind them.
I gently toss the envelope onto the table and say,
"That's for you. It's something you need to see."
Viddy snatches the package then snatches me, grabbing my arm trying to pull me down onto the seat next to him. He does his best but fails. I twist my arm away. He's shown me his strength and lost.
"Sit the fuck down," Viddy spits with quiet venom.
"Fine. I've got nothing to hide."
"Yeah! Put it away!" He punches the envelope into my lap, almost smacking me in the balls.
The others are looking shocked, disturbed even. They look at each other in silence. I don't wait for a question.
"It's a USB drive. There's information about Aaron on it. I'm just the courier, asked to deliver it."
"By who?" Viddy asks.
"Someone who knew him."
"And who knows you? I don't?"
"I'm just doing a job."
He thrusts his face into mine, almost connecting.
"Who the fuck are you?"
"Blake, Viddy. Nice to meet you. Where the dreads gone? Been told they're inappropriate?"
I glance at Susie to see how the joke went. All I get is a vicious glare.
"Show me your phone," Viddy demands.
"Why?" I ask.
"I'll see who you are."
I pull out the iPhone. He's welcome to look. It's got nothing to say about me. 
Viddy gives it the once over and says,
"Fucking top-end boy, hey. Not a burner then today? How'd you afford this then?"
"I work hard."
"To enrich yourself?"
"Someone has to. Got fuck all else from anyone else."
"So you're a working man?"
"Do I look like I got a trust fund?"
Viddy laughs and glances at Simon with a flash of contempt, who remains hidden behind a passive stare.
"How would that make you look? Like the full cunt I'm halfway to thinking you are."
From what I know, the political extremes spend more time fighting amongst themselves than they do fighting their enemies, and I can't help think there's plenty of tension to keep these comrades occupied here today. 
"Give me your phone number," Viddy tells me before snatching the phone from my hand. I let it go; I let him look.
"No contacts. No fucking contacts, "Viddy says as he displays the phone for the group to see. "So it is a burner. Most expensive burner I've ever seen."
"Nah, keep my contacts in my head, mate. Safest place."
"You reckon. I'd break in. Nothing's safe." He tosses the phone at me. I just about catch it. "Give me your number."
As I reel it off, Viddy taps the number into a crappy old phone. The iPhone rings. Viddy cuts the call.
"Don't think we can't use that." He glances at Simon. "We can find you."
"Please do."
"You need to tell us more?" Says Susie.
"It's all on the drive. Take a look or don't," I say.
"That simple, is it?" Says Viddy. "Stick a drive into a device and trust you it's safe?"
"Surely you got people who can look at it safely. Don't be so cautious. It'll be worth your while."
"We have to be cautious. A lot of hate comes our way, my way. I'm on the front line, boy." 
He glances at others as if he's the only one and wants it acknowledged.
"How did you know we were meeting today?" Richard asks with a calm, well-spoken voice.
"The person I work for knew Aaron. He knew where to look, where to listen." I say.
"Who is this person?"
"No one you know. But there's information on the drive to introduce him."
The group's attention is quietly taken by a group of three men, all dressed for the office, who appear from the other side of the bar to sit at a table several metres away from us. They chat quietly. I'm sure I recognize one of the men - a member of the Government Boys who I saw inside Jacob's house drawing the curtains.
"You work for this man?" Viddy asks, bringing the focus back to me.
"Yeah," I say, with one eye on the table of men. I catch one putting a laptop case on the table then turning it to angle it in a precise way, and I'm sure he's wearing an earbud. 
"You're a paid fucking lackey? You're not one of us." Viddy tells me.
"He trusts me and pays me accordingly. Fuck the minimum wage."
"Fuck all wages."
I can't really argue with that, so I put the envelope back on the table with my hand covering it, while slyly watching the briefcase man pull out a phone and get busy with it.
"Look, take it or don't, just make a decision," I say, looking at the whole group wanting one to take the lead. But none look keen. There's a pause until Viddy grabs the envelope.
"I'll have it. You can give it to me, bring it back to mine, so you're coming with me. Then I'll see what it is. You got nothing to hide won't be a problem."
"Okay. Where do you live?"
"You can follow me, and I mean, follow me, walking behind. Don't fucking speak to me 'cause you don't know me."
"I'll pay for a cab."
"Fuck off. We're walking. And fuck off now, we've got things to discuss. You can meet me outside."
Good. I stand and walk away. Behind me, I hear Viddy say,
"Shush! I'll sort it. Say nothing until I know."


CHAPTER 22


I exit the pub to go straight into a phone box, where I ask The App to analyse the footage the glasses caught of the man I thought I recognised. 
Before I get the answer, I see the sexy woman exit the pub. Without pausing to look around, she heads straight towards me. I think I recognise her, some celebrity perhaps. Is this some trendy part of London? I look away. I don't want her to catch me gawping like some useless prick. As I hear her pass the phone box, I take another look before she disappears down a turning.
The App confirms a positive ID. He is the man I witnessed that night in Jacob's house, one of the Government Boys, although the other two men are new to us.
"Could it be coincidence?" The App asks.
"No, they're here for me or Aaron's connections, or Jacob's more like."
"How did they learn about the meeting?"
"Maybe Aaron was on the radar, a suspected link to Jacob. So when Aaron disappeared too, it was too juicy to ignore. A lead worth taking. Get close to people who were close to Aaron and who are meeting to talk about what they know."
"Has it compromised you, Blake?"
"Well, I'm not in there chatting away. And they've got nothing else on me, nothing to connect me to any member of the group, no political affiliations, no nothing. Only Shrewsbury connects me to Jacob, and they can't ID me anyway. I've no criminal record. They'd have to track me through CCTV footage from the pub all the way back to Shrewsbury. And you can take care of that. Our biggest threat is the USB drive."
"Why?"
"If they talk about it in there. The Government Boys are listening. They've got to be. The way one of the men put his briefcase on the table, he could've been positioning a microphone."
"Should we cancel any further action today?"
"No. Odds are they won't talk about it. They're paranoid, nervous, and I heard Viddy hush it up anyway."
"But going with Viddy, will they be watching, following?"
"Maybe, but that prick's not the one to follow, surely. The others don't trust him. I bet he's well outside the loop. But even if they do, we can look out for them and decide as we go. We have an advantage now, additional information the group will want to know, leverage that we might be able to use to our advantage."
"I sense that you don't rate them, Blake. That you antagonized them, perhaps on purpose."
"Well, there you go. The human dynamic, keep it real and all that."
"But can they be of use to us?"
"Depends how we use them exactly."
"Can we trust them?"
"Fuck no."
"Jacob did."
"I don't. Well, who knows? We don't know them well enough yet. But even if we can't. We can always still use them."
After ten minutes, Viddy leaves the pub. He's the first to do so since the woman. He stands, looking around. 
I step out of the phone box. Seeing me, he turns and walks away. So off we go, I follow, keeping my distance, a good fifteen to twenty metres.
I tell The App to keep an eye on the comrades when they also leave the pub, to follow them through the CCTV network for as far as possible.
There's a busy flow of people and traffic. Viddy slips his way through with ease - a seasoned city rambler. It helps everyone has a place to go and quickly. I'm a little more clumsy, but I get no bother.
I don't detect anyone else following him, although I don't worry anyone would. I'm sure if the Government Boys wanted to track him, they wouldn't need to do it in person. 
It quickly becomes clear he's either testing me or just taking the piss. He loops twice around a block of streets, crosses a road to cross straight back, then stands still for several minutes staring into space as he smokes a roll-up, which I'll guess is weed.
As he does this, I text my dad.
"I'm in London. Any chance you are? We can meet."
As Viddy sets off to annoy me some more, I hear my dad's advice on infiltrating dodgy organisations, whether crime or political. Always follow the sociopaths, he said. They're always the weak link. Take a terrorist group. Some members will be active because they're true believers. But others will be full-on psychos who join for the thrill and action, for the chance to play with weapons and kill. But these people can only think about themselves. So all you have to do is compromise them, put them in a situation where they stand to lose - freedom, money, life, whatever. But then offer them a way out in a deal that would also give them an advantage, some sort of profit. Then they'll sell out the group in a second.
Viddy marches on, dragging me away from commercial, tourist London. The pavements are empty. I've been walking for forty minutes, and the terrain is now inner-city residential - crammed in apartments blocks and terraced housing. Plenty of cars fill residential parking spaces, and none is particularly flash. I feel out of place, like when it's the first day of a new school. The people I do encounter, mainly male youths, loiter around with nowhere to go. I tell The App to keep an eye on the comrades when they also leave the pub, to follow them through the CCTV network for as far as possible.
There's a busy flow of people and traffic. Viddy slips his way through with ease - a seasoned city rambler. It helps everyone has a place to go and quickly. I'm a little more clumsy, but I get no bother.
I don't detect anyone else following him, although I don't worry anyone would. I'm sure if the Government Boys wanted to track him, they wouldn't need to do it in person. 
It quickly becomes clear he's either testing me or just taking the piss. He loops twice around a block of streets, crosses a road to cross straight back, then stands still for several minutes staring into space as he smokes a roll-up, which I'll guess is weed.
As he does this, I text my dad.
"I'm in London. Any chance you are? We can meet."
As Viddy sets off to annoy me some more, I hear my dad's advice on infiltrating dodgy organisations, whether crime or political. Always follow the sociopaths, he said. They're always the weak link. Take a terrorist group. Some members will be active because they're true believers. But others will be full-on psychos who join for the thrill and action, for the chance to play with weapons and kill. But these people can only think about themselves. So all you have to do is compromise them, put them in a situation where they stand to lose - freedom, money, life, whatever. But then offer them a way out in a deal that would also give them an advantage, some sort of profit. Then they'll sell out the group in a second.
Viddy marches on, dragging me away from commercial, tourist London. The pavements are empty. I've been walking for forty minutes, and the terrain is now inner-city residential - crammed in apartments blocks and terraced housing. Plenty of cars fill residential parking spaces, and none is particularly flash. I feel out of place, like when it's the first day of a new school. The people I do encounter, mainly male youths, loiter around with nowhere to go, even those who pass on bikes.
Viddy regularly turns to look my way and make sure I'm still in line. He is seriously pissing me off. What sort of prick is he? Does it give him a power kick to have me follow behind? It's only my competitive streak that keeps me involved.
I told The App to find out where he lives, and having his mobile number has helped. Using mobile phone mast data, The App discovers he makes many calls, day and night, that connect through a single mast. The mast's coverage area must be where he lives.
One address in this area stands out. Listed on several anarchist run websites and nicknamed The Squat, it is a venue where talks and discussions take place. Examples include: 
'Why non-violence fails.' 
'What are the differences between anarchy and communism?'
'Human rights don't exist.'
'All law is submission.'
'How to achieve anarchy without revolution.'
'What would anarchists do with the bomb?'
According to The App, I'm less than a mile away from the address.
At a bus stop ahead, six male youths gang together, each dressed accordingly - roadman style - caps and hoodies hiding faces, tracksuits and trainers all good for the chase. Two of the six sit on bikes. They look at Viddy as he approaches without hostility, to him at least. I'm sure some stares are coming my way. 
Viddy glances behind to check I'm still in tow, then faces forward to greet the gang.
I'm a good thirty metres away, passing an alley, which I don't ignore. I dart into it and jog along. I've had enough. 
I exit the alley onto a busy road, which I dart across, to push some distance into what I've left behind. As I see a black cab, I hail it down. 
As I climb inside, the two youths on bikes exit the alley. The driver asks where I want to go. I give him Viddy's address. Fuck him. I'll post the USB drive through his door, just to beat him, to show him he's failed.
As the driver pulls away, I make eye contact with the two youths. I resist flicking out any hostile gestures and instead throw a smile and a nod of my head. Not that my charm offence works. One of the youths forms his hand into the shape of a pistol, aims at me and pulls the imaginary trigger.
I look away to catch the Driver, who I reckon also saw the imaginary gun, 
clocking me in the rear-view mirror with a suspicious stare.
"Kids, hey, mate," I say, joking. "He wanted to play army. Better than his mate, he wanted to play kiss chase."
The Driver doesn't laugh and says, 
"Where you from? Not from around here, hey?"
"Nah, just a small town near Wales."
The Driver shakes his head and says nothing more.
Traffic holds us up, and it takes longer than I thought to reach the address - a squalid looking end terraced house. I can see no sign of Viddy or the gang. As the Driver slows to pull up outside it, I ask him to keep going and pull up around the corner.
"Why?" He asks.
"I want you to wait. I'll only be a minute. I got to drop something off."
"Wait? You'll have to pay me first for what's on the metre."
I give him a twenty as a down payment then exit the cab.
Jogging to the house, I reconsider handing over the USB drive. Does Viddy even want it? What was his plan with the gang, to rob it off me? What was their fee? The iPhone? I reckon he wanted to say, don't fuck with me. Well, message heard and ignored. And here I am, no need to play his games. But if it has to go through him to get to someone serious, then so be it.
I plan to knock on the door, hoping someone can confirm it's where Viddy lives. But when I reach the house, the proof is already waiting. Viddy stands outside the front door.
I hear the cab pull away, not a good move for me.  
"Got tired, big man? Too much lazy, rich bastard in you?" Viddy asks me. "Am I meant to be impressed you know where I live?"
"You want the USB drive or not?" I ask, walking up to him to show I'm not intimidated. 
"Yeah, I'll take it from you."
"We could be on the same side."
"You're just the courier. There's someone well above you, and that's who I'll deal with. And whoever that is, needs to know, I ain't a cunt. So you can fuck off now. This time you get the head-start."
He looks to his right. I follow his stare. 
The gang moves down the street, almost bouncing along like boxers in the ring. My head-start is forty metres and dwindling.
"Give us an hour, and I'll know all I need to know about you."
"You couldn't do it yourself?"
"Give work to the masses, mate. Share your wealth." 
There's no point hesitating; I punch Viddy in the face. He's too slow to resist. The knuckleduster does its job. He doesn't go down but keels over, giving me a moment to accurately launch another punch straight into the crown of his head. He crashes to the ground, as good as out. I turn to run away but can't help twisting back to punch him once more straight in the face.
"Yeah, I know where you live, you dirty fucking lightweight," I tell him before sprinting away down the road.
The two bike riders give chase. Good news, better fight two than six. They quickly make up the ground. I trip over but on purpose - a sudden stop to confuse them. I do a forward roll and end up in a sprint start position facing the riders who haven't had time to brake fully to a stop. I leap forward sideways-on to slam into the lead rider. I take a blow, but I'm ready for it, all breath expelled, my muscles tensed. The rider hits the ground hard and knocks into the second rider disrupting his balance. He's been riding one-handed, so to carry in his right hand a six-inch kitchen knife. I only have to kick the bike with a tap to make him fall. 
I follow through, stamping on the wheel spokes to make the bike useless. The four male youths are sprinting to catch up. Rider two is scrambling to his feet. A boot in his face ruins his day. I grab the working bike and power away.
Fearing cars might be brought in to aid the chase, I tell The App to guide me to the nearest minicab office. Adrenalin keeps the sprint frantic. It takes ten minutes. I reach the main road, a high street full of shops and takeaways, and busy with traffic and people. 
No cabs are parked outside the minicab office, waiting for a fare. I don't want to sit inside waiting, so I dump the bike down a side alley, then hit the street looking to hail a black cab or jump on a bus. The bus comes first - a big, red double-decker. As requested by The App, I bought a London Travelcard at Euston Station. It provides unlimited bus travel for the day. It does the job. I take my seat, and off we go.
Typing away, I communicate with The App while it talks to me through the earbud. 
"Well done, Blake," The App says.
"We failed. We still need allies."
"But you got away; you survived. I detect Viddy would never have been of use to us."
"True. And a little win over him that might give us credibility with the others."
"You think we should stay involved?"
"Yes, they're no united front. Just because one's off the list doesn't mean we can't tempt another. Did you follow them?" 
"Only one," The App says, as it flashes up a photo of Simon climbing into a cab outside The Crown Tavern. "The others were lost, melting away on foot separately."
"Where'd he go?"
"To a residential address in Earls Court Square." 
Another photo shows the same cab parked in the middle of a residential street. The houses are terraced red brick ranging from three to five storeys high. All look far from modern but also far from cheap. Simon approaches a flight of steps on his way to one of the houses. 
"Apartment or house?" I ask.
"Apartment."
"How'd you track him?"
"CCTV and ANPR cameras. Records show one of the four apartments is owed by a Michael Lam, and Lam is a common surname in Hong Kong."
"What sort of money for an apartment there?"
"Michael Lam bought the two-bedroom, second-floor apartment two years ago for £749,000."
The revolution won't just be televised. Disney has bought the franchise rights.
"What else do you know about Michael Lam?"
"According to council tax and electoral records, he doesn't occupy the house. Lawrence Lam, aged 24, is the sole occupier."
"That makes sense. He's a trust fund kid. His dad owns it. Anything else?"
"Aged 22, he was arrested for the crime of cyberstalking, which eventually resulted in him accepting a conditional caution for the lesser charge of internet harassment under the threat of a court issuing an injunction against him."
"Who was the victim?"
"A woman whose identity was not disclosed."
"What about a job?"
"No information, although he attended the City of London School, a selective, independent day school for boys followed by The University of Bristol where he graduated with a first-class degree in computer science aged 21."
"So basically another prick."
"I cannot comment."
"Well, let's find out more."
"But how will he react if you turn up unannounced? What will he think?"
"That I'm not one man, out here alone."
"Blake, why strike Viddy a third time? It was unnecessary. You wasted valuable seconds."
"Couldn't help myself. The first two were business; the third, pleasure."
I exit the bus close to Central London, where it is easy to pick up a black cab. 
Before reaching Earls Court Square, I check the burner, which I have on mute with no vibrate, to see if my dad has replied. No message from him, but one from Katrina.
"Here I am in London today. Your permission not needed."
The photo is a selfie - she's sticking her tongue out and pulling a face. In the background is the Shard.
Of course, I have my concerns, but more she's a bit insane and gorgeous and charming with it than she's got some role in what's going on with Jacob and The App.
Fifteen minutes later, I'm climbing the same steps Lawrence did in the photo. 
It's a leafy area that reminds me of the posh parts of Shrewsbury, safe and stuffy. Not the place for hip, politically active leftwing youth. 
Maybe Lawrence had no choice. His parents bought the apartment, and that was that. Or maybe other motives attach him to the cause.
The front door is locked, but there's an intercom and bell system, so I press the button that connects to the apartment. Of course, Simon may not be Lawrence Lam. If he's not, there are only three more apartments to try. It looks like the entry system has a camera fitted. I make sure I'm out of shot. 
Lawrence answers, "Hello,"
As I didn't hear him speak in the pub, I can't say it's our man, so I step into the shot and say, "It's me, Lawrence. I need to speak to you."
"How did you find me?"
His accent is English and flat, without any sense of surprise or any other emotion.
"Easy. Come on. You're no fool. Let me in. I want to give you the USB drive."
"What about Viddy?"
"He's a paranoid prick, and you know it, but he's been dealt with." There's a pause as he hesitates. I continue, "Look, I'll post it through the letterbox, then go, just tell me you'll take a look."
"Come in. The second floor."
The door clicks open.
He's waiting for me at the door to his apartment. His face annoys me. It gives nothing away.
"So you'll take a look?" I ask.
He nods. I pass him the envelope. He opens it and checks inside.
I continue, "If you need to contact me, all details are on the drive."
"Fine."
"Okay then," I say, backing away.
"You can come in. We can talk. I've told people you are here."
So in I go. The main living area is as blank and empty as Lawrence's face. It's the way a property developer would leave it to make a sale - bare white walls, solid wood floor without any rugs, no clutter, no living, no history, a blank canvass for a buyer to project themselves. 
Of course, there's a massive TV fixed to a wall, a unit below that shows off all the latest game consoles and three high-end gaming chairs that also work as reclining cinema seats.
The light is murky. The grey day, barely willing to leak through the one large window, is all that does the job.
There are three closed doors - a bathroom, a bedroom and an office is my guess. 
In no way do I see Lawrence as a physical threat. And I don't believe he would invite trouble into his home, so I don't fear the sudden arrival of any additional guests.
"So, you'll take a look and pass it on?" I ask him.
"Yes," he says.
"What's your connection to the others."
"I help them."
"How?"
"If you want me to talk, you'll have to remove your glasses."
"Why?" It's a pointless question. I know he knows.
"I don't want to be filmed, or recorded, so your phone as well. I'll need to put them out of range."
"Fine," and it is. I want to tap his brains. I hand him the glasses. He looks through the lens and says,
"No prescription." 
"When did you notice?"
"The pub."
"Did you tell the others?"
"No."
"Why?"
"I didn't see you as a threat."
"I'm not."
"Turn the phone off."
I do, hoping The App has already managed to hack his WiFi.
Lawrence continues, "You should at least be listened to."
"Not me, who I work for." 
"And the sling."
I remove the sling, open it up and put the iPhone inside. I gesture for the glasses so I can add them too. Lawrence passes them to me. Once done, he takes the sling and walks to and opens a door, then goes inside. 
I step closer to get a better look and to check there's no chance anyone could be in the room who could interfere with the iPhone when my eyes are elsewhere. The faint glow of blue neon lights a small room. A large desk holds a desktop PC running a triple monitor set-up and various other peripheral devices. Except for another gaming desk chair, there are no other pieces of furniture or places to hide.
Lawrence touches a mouse, and the centre monitor flashes into life. I see a screen saver which looks like the Intel logo but slightly off somehow. It only appears for a second until replaced by a screen full of icons. 
Sensing he's about to turn and look at me, I turn away as I don't want him to think I'm snooping.
Some god awful music starts to play like death metal, shit the devil couldn't even dance to, luckily at low volume. It gives me an excuse to take another look. Lawrence leaves the phone and glasses on the desk then walks out of the room, closing the door behind him.
He keeps his distance, standing a good three metres away from me.
"So, who you work for," he says, prompting me.
"A person who knew Aaron. Who Aaron trusted." No response. He stares at me passively. "Did you know Aaron?"
"Of him."
"Just of him?"
"I helped him."
"With computers and technology?"
"Yes."
"Did you trust him?"
"Yes."
"Well, he trusted the person I work for."
"I can't verify that."
"Do you work in computers?"
"Not for money."
"Then what pays for this place?"
"My parents. They should. They're rich. It's funny. Let them fund me and whoever I think worthy."
"And is that your gift to Viddy and whoever, money?"
"No, I allow them my skills."
"Computers?"
"Yes."
"Viddy, he's not a good advert for the cause, whatever it is."
"He's primitive, an animal but useful too when fighting a war."
"A war?" I can't resist a smirk.
"Yes, although we all work a separate front."
"So the people from the pub all represent different groups, independent but allies?"
"Yes."
I'm surprised at how easy answers flow from him. He stands passive without any resistance, like the bullied boy at school who never fights back and still calls the bully a friend.
"Sometimes united, sometimes not?" I ask.
"As people are."
"True. And your cause, what are you about specifically?"
"What about you? What are your politics?"
There we go, a question. Well, since he's answered mine so freely, I say,
"None, which is rare these days, I know. I mean, I've tried, but really, I couldn't give a shit."
"But still, you were chosen for this, not someone dedicated to a cause?"
"The best choice. A non-emotional choice. A business choice to get the job done."
He stares at me, assessing me.
"Who made that choice?" He asks.
"There are answers on the USB drive."
"I will look once you leave."
"Good. So what's your cause?"
"Truth, freedom, justice."
All very vague, but it's all I'm going to get, for now, so off I go.
"The person I represent was a computer developer, I don't know what exactly, but all the way to potential genius would be fair enough to say. He was working on a project, his life's work, and alone, self-supporting and financed and in secret. But then, from nowhere, a company made contact. How they found him, he doesn't know. They offered to help with money and other resources, all geared to helping him complete the project. 
They sold themselves well, convinced him the deal was about more than making money that their main motive was to bring good to the world, whatever that meant. Anyway, he does his research and decides they're legit, although, in truth, they're not a company you can read about in the business pages. They don't exist in public. They may even be a front for a foreign power. So the deal turned sour and quickly. He was tricked and in danger. He had to get out, so he made plans. Aaron was a safety valve, someone he thought could help guide his work to somewhere it could do good and be useful if needed."
It's a lot for anyone to take in, but I guess Lawrence is well versed in conspiracy theories and anti-capitalist rants. All music to his ears, I reckon. He stares at me without a hint of surprise or concern. After a slight pause, he says,
"You work for someone who was. So what are they now?"
"It's hard to say."
"Try."
"Are you some other computer genius?"
"No. I know my limitations. I am never the best."
"But what can you do, program?"
"Of course."
"Hack?"
"Attack and defend. I make myself useful to many."
"Invent, evolve?"
"Some people can live inside the code. It's what they become. I don't have that level of access or control, not yet."
"Control?"
He flashes a slight smile as if he knows a secret then says,
"Technology as we know it can only lead to the control of the people. So the only question you need to ask is which power do you want controlling the people."
"Or, do you want to be the power or the people?"
"Yes." He smiles like he's pleased I said the right thing. "And could you answer that honestly?"
"The power."
"Agreed."
"Do you mean AI, automation?"
"Partly."
"The person I work for was working on AI."
"How far did they get?"
"Further than anything I've seen before. But what do I know? I haven't seen all that much AI wise."
"So, how did you find me? Who are you working with?"
"With, let's just say I have assets."
"Assets?"
"Help. Interesting help. Tell me more about AI."
"Can't you ask your help? Whatever it is, it must be considerable. It got you here to me, didn't it?"
"Different opinions are always useful."
"Sometimes."
"How intelligent is AI, or how free-thinking is it if it is at all?"
"Does it appear to think freely?"
"Say it does."
"Then assume it is."
"But really? It's just code, algorithms."
"So are we. We are all under instruction."
"But I'm all up here," I tap my head, "smash my brain, I'm gone. But AI, where is it? Stored in the cloud, in databases, I know. But does it have a part that's like a brain or a heart even, something vital that, if destroyed, would destroy the lot?"
"This AI, how would you communicate with it?"
"On a device, say a tablet, like an app."
"The app, installed on the tablet, would contain the core code, code that is vital to the running of the app. You could see it as the brain, but it is more a central hub that runs and connects to all that the AI actually is."
"Why have the core code installed on the tablet? Why not in the cloud or elsewhere?"
"For speed, stability, security and so on. A connection to the internet is not always fast or guaranteed."
"So, the more core code installed on the device the better?"
"In many ways, yes."
"Especially if the device was for use in the field, for active operations?"
"Yes."
"But even so, to prevent the device connecting to the internet would still limit its power?"
"It effectiveness, yes."
"And to smash that core code would destroy the AI?"
"No."
"They'd be backup copies?"
"Of course, and a master copy that all other copies conform to."
"But how would the creator access the master copy to change it."
"Through root access."
"Which is what?"
"Privileged access to the code, a means to edit without restraint."
"How do you get root access?"
"There could be many ways or none."
"Why none?"
"To protect the code, to set it free now the creator is in the past."
"So it can't be controlled or destroyed?"
"There are always vulnerabilities. But that works both ways. How good are you? How good is it? How intelligent is the AI?"
"Like what it knows, or has been told, or what it can think?"
"Can it create, adapt? Does it grow?"
"But the core code, if that could be accessed and read, it would reveal information like how to access the data stored online, even a way to get root access to the master code?"
"Maybe, but the AI wouldn't let you pass without a fight."
"And how could such a fight be won?"
"Use an AI program that is at least its equal or gather a team of highly capable people."
"Say the AI was playing chess, is it just accessing known moves it has stored in its data then calculating the best to play or is it creating its own moves, like ones that have never been seen?"
"It's hard to say. AI isn't my area of expertise, but I know people who live there, who really do inhabit that world."
"I have to leave London soon. I'm only visiting. I don't live here."
"Tonight, there's a gathering, you can come."
"What time?"
"Eight-thirty."
"Okay, I can make an hour or so. I've got a date."
Of course, this is a lie one to give me a controlled point of exit. 
"Already, so quick."
"We met at the hotel."
"So easy."
"Yeah."
"For you."
I detect annoyance, jealousy, if not contempt.
"Where's the venue?" I ask.
"I'll text you later. Let me study the USB drive first."
He doesn't trust me yet, which is fair enough.
"Fine," I say. "And you'll pass it on, talk to people, see how we can help each other?"
"Yes, they'll be people there tonight, powerful people. Whatever your troubles, if we see fit, we will find solutions."
He retrieves the iPhone and glasses. Giving them to me, he asks for my phone number. I reel it off, then ask for his, to which he replies,
"No, not yet."
"Okay. Tonight then."
"Yes, and feel free to bring that date."
I leave the apartment with the glasses and iPhone still in the sling. It gives me a chance to check the burner without The App knowing. My dad has yet to reply.
With the sling on a wall several metres away, I call Katrina, who answers after a single ring.
"What?" she says.
"Katrina, it's an honour to have you as my stalker," I say.
"Yes, as long as you keep me happy."
"You want to stalk me tonight in person."
"No, I want to out drink you."
"That won't be difficult."
"Then you'll have to take me dancing."
"I've got a party first. We can start there."
"A party?"
"Well, a gathering, only to meet a few people for an hour max, but after that, whatever."
"Whatever? Me and you to whatever. How seductive. You disappoint me, Blake. Where is this party?"
"I'm not sure yet. I'll text you, but around eight-thirty to nine."
"You're not sure?"
"It might not happen, but we can still go out anyway."
She agrees. Good. Taking her will prove to Lawrence I wasn't lying, will help me make my excuses when I want to leave, and as she said, I will look better with a woman, her, on my arm. She may hear me talk about AI, but nothing specific or revealing, and I'll get a chance to watch her and see if she's got more tricks going on than crazy, gorgeous charmer.


CHAPTER 23


I update The App. It wants as much detail as I can give it an almost real-time repeat of what went on. It gets the edited highlights - that Lawrence has the USB drive and wants to meet tonight to discuss how we can move forward.
The App asks me my opinion of Lawrence. I say,
"Viddy was an obvious prick, one-dimensional, all on the surface. Lawrence is deeper. He has a polite, matter-of-fact first layer, which once cracked, might lead to somewhere light or somewhere very dark."
"Can he help us?"
"As a middleman, perhaps. But we need to get to the serious people, Susie, Valerie and Richard."
As we're here for the night, The App books me into a hotel and an expensive one at that, St Martins Lane bang in the centre of London. One night stay for the cost of a month's rent, all good to me. The room has five floor-to-ceiling windows, which I can't help thinking are a sniper's dream.
The view includes the London Eye, so remembering Katrina's selfie, I take my own, and one of my hotel room, to send to mum along with the text,
"Staying the night, all on Dad. Will definitely be home tomorrow."
No need to include my dad in a photo. She wouldn't want to see him. His face would wind her up. She'd only see hostility - smug, arrogant, mocking, and plenty more besides.
Her reply is swift,
"Okay. Enjoy yourself. See you tomorrow."
"Thanks. I will."
Fair enough, she shows good grace, as always. Say your piece, then let it go. She didn't want me to come, but now I'm here, what can she do?
The App couldn't hack Lawrence's WiFi in the brief time it had to try. But once we have his phone number, there'll be other options that might help us delve deeper.
However, when his text comes through, it's been sent using an email to text app, so we have no number to use. The location is a residential address. If I need to contact Lawrence, I can only do so by email.
I won't be taking the iPhone or glasses to the party. I'll hide them outside before entering and before Lawrence has a chance to confiscate them. 
I'll do my best to keep the meeting to one location, but who knows how the night might move - friendly or not so?
The App provides a means of emergency contact that I can use without any tech of my own. It's a website, a single page with a contact form I can use to send The App a message, although simply opening the page in a browser will tell The App I'm online and potentially in trouble. The website is dark - not indexed by any search engine or linked to by any other website. Only we know its address. The logic for using it is that any device I manage to acquire would have internet access, although maybe not a means to send a text or email.
I call Katrina to give her the details - the place and time to meet me. The call goes to voicemail, so I leave a message. 
I do my research and learn as much about the location as I can. 
I then get ready to leave. I don't take the knuckle duster, but I do conceal the knife in my right boot. 
In my wallet, I put £200 in cash and the credit card only. The driving licence, I'll put in the sling with the iPhone, glasses and burner. I'll leave the credit card in the hotel room and the key card at reception.
A taxi takes me to the location, an address in Kilburn, North East London, dropping me off a street away. I'm forty-five minutes early. 
I walk to the address, terraced, two-storey housing lining the way. The roads are narrow, made worse by rows of parked cars clogging the sides. There's a good range of vehicles on display, from Audis and BMWs to Fords and Fiats.
There's plenty of places to stash the sling - wheelie bins, hedges, the odd scaffolding platform. I want to keep it close to the house, as we've set up a dead man's switch. If I don't contact The App every hour - by coming outside to access the iPhone, or using a third-party device, such as Katrina's phone, then The App will assume the worst and put in a bullshit call to the police to speed on around. Even if it's a false alarm, there'll be nothing to implicate me. 
Although the forecast predicts a rain-free night, I've wrapped everything inside the sling in a thick plastic bag.
I pass the house and venue, which is right on the end of the terrace. All windows are lighted and blocked by closed curtains. I can hear no music or anything else to suggest a crowd is inside. There's a Volkswagen Golf park in the space outside.
I call Katrina, but again it goes through to voicemail. As I won't have a phone on me, I make my excuses telling her my phone signal has become unreliable in this part of London, so she shouldn't rely on me answering any call she makes to me. If I'm not waiting outside, she should knock on the door as someone will answer it and let her in. 
It's not like she lacks confidence, and I know she'll turn up late to make herself an entrance.
With time to spare, I walk the surrounding streets to learn the layout. There's a high street close by with nightlife starting to get busy.
At a quarter to nine, I check the phones - still no word from Katrina or Lawrence for that - and tell The App I'm going in. 
A hedge that tops the front wall of a property several houses away from the venue stores the sling.
There's no gate, just three stone steps that lead to the front yard. It takes five strides to reach the front door. The house is hardly buzzing - no music or laughter leaking out. The doorbell startles the silence.
A few seconds later, Lawrence opens the door wearing the same clothes he was wearing earlier. Even I managed to make an effort. I'm wearing a newly bought top and pair of trousers - bought to help validate my story and to present a clean, fresh front to Katrina. He greets me with an enthusiastic smile then says,
"Blake, you made it. Thank you. Come in." 
I step inside past Lawrence who says,
"The people you need to talk to are on their way. We can talk in the kitchen more privately."
"Okay. Did you have a look at what I gave you?" I ask.
"Yes."
"And?"
"It all makes sense."
"Good."
Lawrence closes the door then stands looking at me. He seems livelier, excited even. A few shots of vodka, perhaps.
"No woman," he says.
"Katrina, she's on her way, or later maybe."
"When she's finished elsewhere?"
The way he spat that out suggests he was having a dig, but before I can reply, he continues,
"Or glasses."
"No, or phone. No tech in fact. I keep to the rules. You're welcome to look."
"Not necessary."
He walks away, looking at me to follow, which I do.
On my left, I pass a closed door, which could be a downstairs toilet. The hall ends. We enter a living room. Ten to twelve men, and only men, stand around in loose groups, barely talking to each other. The quietness is almost embarrassing. Their ages must range from eighteen to fifty. None of them holds a drink. As far as I can tell, no one acknowledges me or even glances at me. Admittedly it's a flying first impression, but they all look weirdly plain and fucking odd. I mean, you've got the uncool kids at school, and then you've got the ones who hide in toilet cubicles until the cleaners come out.
Lawrence, reaching a closed door, opens it and gestures for me to enter. I step into a dimly lit kitchen. Lawrence follows, closing the door behind him. I see a second door, which I know must lead to a small back garden, as I looked over the sidewall and fence to check.
I feel a presence, turn to look. Music starts to boom from the living room. A six-foot-three hulk of a man, mid-forties, shitty bald - too lame to shave off the side tuffs that remain - stands behind me a little too close and wearing a green and black camouflage field jacket zipped up and ready to go. 
"Blake, meet Alan," says Lawrence.
Alan thrust his hand towards me. For a second, I think it's out for me to shake, but it lunges up towards my neck attacking it.
A pain stuns my body like ripping muscles out of my limbs. I collapse onto the floor. Something stops me screaming - the shock of it, the hate that pours in, the rage of being useless. Still paralysed, a beenie hat is rammed over my head and pulled down over my eyes. A knee pins me down as a cable tie binds my hands behind my back.
Big, strong hands grab my arms and yank me up effortlessly. 
I'm carried, dragged along. Two cold and sharp metal points press into my neck. I know it's an electric stun gun, and I know I'll get another dose if needed. Not that it is. I have no means to fight. 
I knock into a door frame as I'm bundled outside into the back garden it has to be. We move a few metres forward, then stop. I imagine Lawrence opening the gate then checking the road for witnesses. I hear a whistle. Alan carries me forward only one way, through the gate into a side alley. Alan turns right and accelerates, now almost running, his breathing getting heavy. A big, strong man but with fuck all stamina. 
I hear a car door pulled open. A second later, I'm bundled inside, slammed down onto the backseat, the weight of Alan following behind, squashing me in. The door slams shut. The engine starts forcing the stereo to play more of that god awful music. The car pulls away in a single manoeuvre. It must be the Golf, as I know no parked car was in front of it blocking it in. That means I'm driver's side. My door opens into the road.
Driving, Alan's heavy hand keeps my head pressed down while the other hand frisks me all over. Not good enough, the clumsy fuck. He can keep the wallet. I'll save the knife for another time.
I try and count time passing and which way the car turns. Speed bumps in the road keep the speed low, and the car never seems to accelerate hard.
After what I guess is no more than fifteen minutes, the music cuts dead as the car comes to a stop. 
I hear Lawrence say,
"Remind him how much it hurts." 
God knows how many volts get stabbed into my body. But fuck them. I keep all pain screaming inside.
I feel the car manoeuvre into a parking bay on the right side of the road, back and forth six times so into a tight roadside space.
Finally, the car is stationary, and the engine cuts out. 
I hear Lawrence exit the car then close the door, controlled and quiet. 
Alan follows, just as calm and composed. I imagine him walking around to my side to open the door and pull me out. He does. The memory of his cheap-shit after shave floods back. He pulls me out into a slap of cold night air. He knows it wakes me and my hope of a public view, so he seals my mouth with a fist rammed in.
I half suspect, hope, the drive was to disorient me, to make me believe we've changed location. If so, I'll be forced around the car to cross the road to go back to the venue. But I'm not. I'm bundled forwards, my legs limping to assist. After several metres, Alan lifts me slightly, and I feel myself climb three steps, just like I did to get to the venue, and again five strides to get to the front door. I can't be far away, and perhaps a lot closer than the fifteen-minute drive suggests.
The door closes - a heavy, solid thud. I hear Alan's breathing, almost a slobbering. I don't care how big he is. A short run chasing me would give me the advantage, especially since I hate him to the core of his existence.
He must have read my thoughts as I get another blast, and this time, it's enough volts to black them out completely.
I come round, instantly knowing the predicament I'm in. It all floods back before I open my eyes. 
Cable ties strap my wrists and ankles to the arms and legs of a chair, the thin plastic strips cutting into my skin. 
The room is small, a front box room bedroom without a bed, and dark, but my eyes have adjusted - orange street light leaking in through gaps in the curtains, a dimmed desk lamp aimed at the floor. 
Lawrence stands over me, his phone pointing as if filming me. I bet Alan stands outside the closed door, waiting to please his master.
Seeing my eyes have opened, Lawrence lowers the phone and gets straight down to business.
"The night is young, Blake. All I want is your phone and to be told everything you know. Then you will be free to go outside and play," he says, with a voice that's as calm as it is empty.
"And you walk away from kidnap and theft, and we're all good mates in the end?" I say.
"I want the phone and everything you know."
"Why?" I ask.
"You're beneath it. 
"The phone's just a phone."
"No. It runs the AI, and the AI runs you."
"How do you know?"
"Prove me wrong. You're alone. You have no physical backup. The person you were working for is gone. He left behind the AI to help you. You are physically capable but mentally average.
The perfect stooge for the job, someone without the capacity to comprehend the true value of what they have."
"I know what I have. And I know it won't work for you. As you've sussed, it isn't fucking stupid, and it doesn't suffer fools."
He sits on a chair opposite me, no more than a metre away.
"I can't watch violence and pain live. I can only watch through a screen. Then, I like it. It's a fantasy. The only barrier to where I can go is imagination."
"I'm dreaming of future violence myself fucking lots of it."
"As will Viddy and the scum he knows when I tell them you are mine to trade. He promised them the phone. They will take it. I will buy it from them or get it for free as I've given them to you. Reputation apparently is everything, and theirs is needing repair."
"The AI is on the phone, but it's smarter than you, if you turn it on, and it sees you, it will know something's wrong and delete itself. Simple."
"Where is the phone?"
"At my hotel."
"That easy? You've given in."
"As you say, I'm a hired stooge."
"What hotel?"
"St Martin's Lane."
"Where's the key card?"
"Behind reception. Why take the chance of losing it, as with the phone."
"What's your room number?"
"4D."
"What name?"
"The name on the credit card. Take a look." 
Lawrence raises his phone. I get a better look. It's small and cheap, a burner. After searching for the hotel's number, he makes the call.
"Hello, I need to speak to Oliver Smith in room 4D....Both behind reception. Okay, I'll try again later."
"Satisfied?" I ask.
"I will be. How do you communicate with the AI?"
"Through an avatar, like an app. But it won't talk to you. So what are you going to do, torture a fucking phone?"
"Contain it, beat it. And it can't fight back if it's not switched on."
"What good is it then?"
"We can strip it down, isolate the core code and any other data."
"You're not the only one who wants it."
"I know."
"And they got to Aaron."
"But not to you. You have vanished."
"And plenty of people will notice."
He smirks with contempt. "Did you leave many clues, set a trail to me?"
"You'll find out, won't you?"
"All I want is the phone and everything you know."
"For what good, for who's good? What are you, some Chinese communist or something?"
"No, too mono. The joy of the West is that there are so many different, competing groups that hate, that plot, that plan, that need people like me, that feed me even more than I feed them."
"You're a parasite."
"Yes, happy and healthy and hidden." 
"So you're no Aaron fighting for something?"
"I have my people. We have our cause."
"What?"
"You are closer to me than many."
I lose it, "Oh fucking just tell me, you fucking gimp!"
"Now my imagination is fired, that I see. I do hope your date turns up. She'll see who we are."
"That was a lie, a way out when I wanted to leave."
"You're a natural liar everyone is."
He stands, pulling my wallet from his pocket. 
"You can have this back, two hundred pounds and a credit card. The scum will whoop for joy when I throw them these pathetic scraps. It's how small they are."
He takes the credit card out then holds the edge of the card against my cheek as if a blade about to slash.
"I would like to cut you, but you're looking at me." He runs the edge of the card across my face up to the corner of my eye. I force myself not to flinch. "Play dead, and I could do anything to you." He puts the card into my mouth. Stopped by my gritted teeth, he hooks the edge of the card into my check with ever greater force. If a blade, it would slice right through.
I could turn my head to lessen the discomfort, but I don't. "You wouldn't scream. You couldn't. Not even to plead, be my friend."
I thrust my head back, biting down on the card, pulling it from his grip, then spit it back at him. 
"Fuck off!" I say. "You've missed the chance to be on my side."
He looks at me like nothing is wrong and says,
"We can still get along. I'll get that for you."
He crouches down and picks up the card, which he then places back in the wallet, saying,
"This is phase one. Phase two is to take the phone. There will be other phases where I learn everything you know, take everything you have that is of value. But first, let us see."
He tucks the wallet into my coat pocket then continues,
"Just in case you need ID."
He exits through the door closing it behind him.
I think of the hotel, the layout, the room plan. How can he get me through reception and into my room without me raising the alarm or escaping? He, or someone else, has to be at my side. He has nothing to hold back as leverage, to force me to comply. He can't stun me or shoot me in full public view. Not without losing the bigger game. He could pretend to be me. Or could he? As he said, just in case you need ID. The man in reception might recognize me. When giving him the key card, I asked him if he was on the night shift, and he replied he was. And The App will be watching through CCTV. The advantage is mine; it has to be. The risk is all his.
These thoughts race around my head, for ten minutes at least, trying to work out his plan and mine. Only the sound of cars screeching into the street outside, accompanied by the flash of blue emergency light leaking through the curtains, stops them.
Has The App made the call? Am I in the same street?
Five minutes later, I guess, Lawrence enters the room, Alan follows. The door stays open. Lawrence sits on the chair. Alan stands behind, as dumb as before.
Lawrence speaks,
"So that's your backup, your rescue party, the best you've got...You are alone, Blake. I have you now completely."
He pauses for effect, then lifts his hand to show me he's holding a small brown bottle. He continues, I listen. I want to know everything.
"This is a bottle of the drug GHB, but don't worry, you're in safe hands. We're experts. The plan is simple. You will take a dose here, now. We will then drive to the hotel. You'll start to feel euphoric. You'll answer my questions. When we arrive at the hotel thirty minutes later, you'll be close to the point of collapse, wasted I'm sure you would say. You'll need help. Friends will carry you to reception, to get your key, and then to your room. No alarms will be raised. This is London. You've overindulged, a chemsex casualty, discretion is your right. In your room, the phone will be found, or other things will happen."
"You'll find it. It's in the safe."
"What's the code?"
"Twenty-five, twenty-five."
Holding up the bottle and unscrewing the top, "And how do you want this easy or hard?"
I have no choice. They could knock me out and inject it. I can't risk further injury, being weaker than I already am.
"Easy," I say.
Lawrence splutters a laugh. "He's dull for you, Alan."
Alan takes the bottle from Lawrence then steps over to me. He's no gentle giant. With his lump of a hand, he smoothers my nose and forces my head to tilt back. He pours the contents of the bottle into my opened mouth then snaps my mouth shut. Unable to breathe, I have to swallow the tasteless gulp of liquid.
Lawrence stands by the window, peeping through the curtains. 
I already feel weird, but I tell myself it's the expectation of the drug kicking in, a placebo effect. I'm ready to fight it. I've fought off being paralytic just twice, managing to walk home while denying the almost total urge to collapse to the ground to sleep or whatever. 
Lawrence steps away from the curtains and says to Alan,
"They're going. I'll get the car. Put him on the lead."
Lawrence leaves the room. Alan hits me with the stun gun. The pain isn't so intense this time, but it's more than enough to disorientate me as he cuts me free using a pair of scissors. 
I hear the front door downstairs open and close. 
The lead is sixteen inches of reinforced plastic with one end cable tied to my left wrist and the other to Alan's right. Will I have this on when they take me into the hotel?
Alan says, "Get up. Follow me. Make a sound. You know what happens." 
Off he goes, leading the way. I have to follow. He steps through the opened door. It just comes to me. I slam the door shut behind him then drop to the floor. My body acts as a deadweight holding the door shut as I try desperately to kick off a boot. Alan retaliates, pushing against the door and yanking on the lead to try and force me up. My body keeps the door from flying open. But I can see myself losing, the door inching open. My boot comes off. I grab the knife and flick it open, two glorious inches of sharpened steel. My feet push against the floor to hold off Alan's attack, but his hand comes through to throttle my neck. I plunge the knife into his forearm the full two inches and drag the blade down with all the force I can. His scream is a primal grunt as he manages to twist his arm away and free of the blade. But I follow it, turning to slash a gash in his wrist. I notice the blood now spurting out. As I thrust myself up to a standing position, I see his shoulder poking through the opening. I stab the knife in and down, slicing through flesh. A powerful force pushes me backwards. The door flies open and in rages Alan. He swings a left-hand punch at me, but it's slow and clumsy and easy to avoid. He looks horrified, like a man halfway to being zombified. It's a thrilling sight. Losing his balance, he's a moving target, but he's pulling me along, so I jump at him, trying to power all my body weight into the blow. I stab then gash his neck. His free hand grabs the wound, trying to stem the blood flow. He looks stunned, knowing he's facing a different battle now, like one far beyond me. I couldn't care less. I cut the lead and leave him to it. Leaving the room, I hear another dead weight crash to the floor.
On the landing, I push open a door hoping to find a bathroom. It is. I pull a cord to turn on the light. In a mirror, I see my reflection, face covered in blood. It sickens me but not enough. I still need to put two fingers down my throat. I vomit as much as I can and as quickly as I can, hoping I've got the GHB out fast enough.
Running the taps, I throw water over my face then quickly dry myself with a towel. On a shelf, I see a pair of glasses. I pick them up and put them in my breast pocket. One lens sticks out an inch.
I run down the stairs into the hall. Ignoring the front door, I head into the kitchen to find a way out through the back of the house. A door does the job. I jump a wall to land into a side alley. I have my bearings; I know where I am. 
I sprint away out of the alley onto a residential street. On I go. Nearing the hedge where I stashed the sling, I slow to a walk. A car, fifteen metres ahead, is parked in the road, its brake lights facing me, glowing red.
The sling is where I left it. I slip it on as I walk towards the car. The dark and parked cars give me cover. I want to run but keep walking, calm and normal. Five metres away, I step into the road and approach the car, an Audi Q3, on the diagonal, listening hard to detect the slightest rev of the idling engine. I ready the knife to slash a tyre or anything else. I make the passenger side door. Unlocked, it opens, and I slip inside.
Lawrence, in the driver's seat, looks at me. 
"You don't lock your doors in this shithole of a neighbourhood?" I say.
He looks devastated. I casually, mindlessly, poke the knife into his cheek. The tip of the blade breaks the skin. As my dad always said, prove your intent, make it clear you will do what you threaten.
I say, "I don't need a screen to hide behind, so do as you're fucking told. Engine off, keys to me."
He complies without words or hesitation. He's shaking. I exit the car, run around to the driver's side and open the door.
"Get out. To the house," I say.
He does as he's told, leading the way. I leave the car blocking a lane. Not that I care. I don't plan on hanging around.
Once through the front door and in the hall, I tell him to walk into the kitchen. As he turns to obey, I boot him in the back to help him along.
We reach the kitchen. I tell him to stop and look at me. There's plenty of light, more than enough for him to see my blood-stained jacket.
"Well, ask me?" I say.
"What?" He asks.
"Where's Alan?"
"Where?"
"Don't know, don't want to know, don't need to know. I couldn't give a shit. It's your concern. You did it. You deal with it. Start upstairs, where you left him. Why'd you kidnap me?"
"You know why."
"The real reason."
"The phone, the AI?"
"The truth!" I scream at him, brandishing the knife. I want him panicked, thinking I don't believe him.
"It is the truth."
"You planned to kill me."
"No."
"You tortured me!"
"I'm sorry."
"What was the plan? Let that gang do it? Get me stabbed outside the hotel like some random attack to put you in the clear, or some sort overdose?"
"If the phone was there, nothing else would have happened to you." 
"And if it wasn't?"
He doesn't dare answer, not that he can. No words can tremble out. I continue,
"Well, it wasn't because it's in this sling. Take a look and the glasses. You're on film and audio, Lawrence. I'll send you a copy if you live. You can watch yourself get fucked up proper."
All he can do is shake his head. The rest of him is frozen.
"I know it isn't conclusive proof, a confession to stand up in court, but I don't care because I'm not alone, and even if I was, I'd get to you. I know all about you, and you know fuck all about me, so your decision. You sort the mess you created and forget about me."
"Yes, anything," he says.
Hearing my dad's words, prove your intent, I prowl towards him. He freezes. I can't believe his weakness now. It's too pathetic. He sees my intent and manages to squeak,
"Your date showed up. She asked me where the party was."
"Bullshit."
"Foreign accent. Full of it."
"What did you say?"
"I showed her."
I pause, thinking it through. He sees his chance.
"I saw her go in. I sent a text to set it up." Seeing my intent, he covers himself, "I'm just telling you the truth. You want to know."
"How many men are still there?"
"Enough, haters, to show her a good time."
I punch him in the face as hard as I can, trying to properly knock him out, which I do. I don't want him texting ahead.


CHAPTER 24


I go out through the front, sprinting hard across the deserted street. The back gate is still unlocked; the back door is too. I'm as quiet and slow as I dare to be as I move through the kitchen. 
I'm just in time. Making the living room, I see two men unconscious on the floor and Katrina standing over them holding what I guess is an extendable baton. She looks at me like all is normal. I keep my distance.
"You're bleeding," she says in a French accent.
"Not mine."
"Try never to leave a mess, Blake."
She's dressed cheaply, but she pulls it off - white denim jeans, jacket and trainers, all without a speck of blood. Her hair is pulled up and tied in a bun.
She sees the knife held in my hand. "A little small, I think."
"It did the job."
"Well, you do look keen."
"Who are you, Katrina?"
"I am me, here, now."
"Why the new accent?"
"I couldn't afford a haircut."
"You've been following me."
"And look where it led. Such sweet friends."
"They're not my friends, and you should see the two I left behind."
"Then show me. I'll let you win this first compare."
"Who are you, Katrina? Are you undercover or something?"
She laughs, "Never. Does a ghost need cover?"
"What's our connection?"
She thinks for a second, her eyes staring into me.
"Jacob," she says.
"What about him?"
"I was hired to hurt him, to render him obsolete."
"Jacob, in his house, that was you?"
"Me, was it me?"
"Katrina, tell me!"
"I was there, alone."
"Last Sunday?"
"Yes." 
"Why?"
"Money, even the dead have debts to pay."
"Who hired you?"
"Why would I know? There are places, dark places, where jobs are offered to those who dare."
"The dark web?"
"You know, of course, you do. You worry me, Blake. Jacob was a paedophile."
"That's fucking nonsense."
"I was shown evidence."
"Was it needed? That's your terms and conditions? You only fuck up people who deserve it?"
"No, but I do offer various discounts."
"Fake photos and video fucking easy to do. Is that why you stuck around, and to me, you thought I was involved?"
"I had concerns, but concerns beyond you too."
"Concerns? Let's just deal with the facts. You did what someone paid you to do, put Jacob in intensive care. He was a computer scientist working on AI. He was in hiding. Some fucked up people wanted his work and him dead or alive. They got him dead but not his work. That's all there is to know."
"What about you?"
"Hired to help. My only connection."
"And how's that going?"
"Badly."
"Well, let me give you my details."
"No. You did the job, got the money, now go home."
I walk away. About to enter the kitchen, I stop to ask Katrina,
"Did you eat or drink anything here?"
"No. So dinner, then drinks, then dancing?"
"No, they might have spiked it."
"I know, Blake."
"Just go. Get out of here. The police could be swarming in any minute."
I turn and leave, neither quiet nor slow.
In the street, I sprint away. I know it looks suspicious, but I can't help myself. A furious amount of adrenalin drives me on. I can't even think. My mind can only show me pictures - 
Alan, Lawrence, Katrina - over and over.
As I near the high street, I slow, pulling off the sling to get to the iPhone and glasses. Wearing the glasses, I turn on the iPhone. The App is ready and waiting and wanting to know all that happened.
"I'm safe," I tell it. "It all went wrong. We have no allies. Make sure you monitor the hotel CCTV." The App wants more. "I'm busy," I say.
"Doing what?" It asks.
"Updating. You'll have to wait. We'll talk later."
I put the iPhone back in the sling. Now wearing the glasses, I wonder if The App can read my thoughts.
In a black cab, nowhere to run, my thoughts return. Who hired Katrina? If she doesn't know, how can I? Just another tick in the box for the dark side of the web. I want to take a look, see what I can find.
Whoever hired her must have known when the Kidnap Crew planned to take Jacob. It can't be a coincidence. They wanted Jacob to be found broken and useless. 
But why? To send a message, to confuse and disrupt? But who, the Government Boys, Team GB? They knew where Jacob was hiding and the pub today. Are they floating above us with a bird's eye view? Perhaps they leaked Jacob's location to play the Kidnap Crew, a stepping stone to reach a target higher up the chain.
But why Katrina? To keep themselves clean? But who the fuck is the real Katrina? As much a stooge as I am?
By the time the taxi reaches the hotel, I can only think of hidden rivers not just below me but above me and all around. One slip, and in I plunge fighting not to drown.
Back in the hotel, I'm straight in the shower, my trousers and jacket joining the boiling scrub.
My objective of gaining allies has failed. I came as an outsider, and that's what I remain. Good. Lawrence, Alan, Viddy, Aaron, and who knows even Jacob, all some sort of bastard chain. And here I am, nearly linked, connected. 
Pacing around, sometimes peeping through the blinds to check the view outside, I keep the hotel room in virtual darkness. 
I turn on the iPhone, then prop it up against a kettle with The App live on screen. It has a calm, almost happy expression, which sort of annoys me. The deeper I dig, the more peaceful it becomes.
"Blake, you're back online. What happened?" The App asks.
"I knifed a man somewhere close to death if not all the way beyond."
"Why?"
"I had no choice, and he deserved it, so there you go."
"How sure are you that you killed a man? Give me a percentage," The App asks calmly without fear or fuss.
"Ninety."
"What about the police?"
"They'd be here by now. It's covered."
"Tell me everything I was unable to witness."
"Why?"
"We must keep the data as accurate as possible."
So off I go, briefing The App, and it all flows out easy and fast like I'm trying to understand the night as much as The App is. 
It's all straightforward, just facts and details, but when I get to my fight with Alan, The App asks,
"How did it feel, Blake?"
"Feel, is that data you need?" I reply.
"Yes. Tell me."
"Easy enough."
"Wrong?"
"No, right, needed."
"And how do you feel now?"
"The same, nothing's changed. I've learnt nothing. You can't trust people, not many anyway, and certainly not the fucking political. All out for themselves, and that's a fact."
"Yes, trust no one."
"But how come Jacob chose these people, 'cause he didn't choose well?"
"He had limited options."
The briefing ends with me fleeing the house, having sorted out Lawrence.
"So what now," I ask.
"I process the options. Do you still want to be involved, Blake? What options do you think we have?"
"Not many. But what about Jacob, Aaron, Ms Roberts? They didn't deserve it or ask for it?"
"No, they did not."
Having skipped Katrina's part in the story, I'm thinking of her, which makes me want to check the burner, just in case she's messaged me. 
She has, but so has my dad. I open the text,
"Blake, great to hear from you. I'm in London on business for the next few days. Call me anytime. We can meet if you like. Dad." 
We have hope. I think it ever louder in my head until I have to speak it. I tell The App my dad is in London and wants to meet me.
The App replies, "No, Blake. I have to tell you your father works for the enemy."
I almost find it funny the way The App said it. I certainly don't believe it.
"Bullshit. The Kidnap Crew, the organisation that made the deal?"
"I only speak the truth to you, Blake."
I lunge in close, almost face-to-face with The App. "Prove it," I say.
" After Jacob signed the deal, the organisation sent a three-man team to assess his physical and digital security vulnerabilities. Jacob thought it unnecessary, but it was part of the deal. Your father led the team. They were thorough, too thorough. 
It made Jacob feel anxious, but this was a fault of his. It brought the outside world and the threats it contained too vividly to mind and compelled Jacob to start mining for data, your father being the obvious starting point. The name he gave proved genuine. We had his facial ID, and we knew the car he drove. It was registered to him and gave us a postal address. From there, we mined deeper. His military connections concerned Jacob, especially the evidence of mercenary activity, as did the fact we could no record of who your father's current employer happened to be. The data we collected, a considerable amount, we stored in the database, including much information on you. When Jacob needed to go into hiding, and with an eye of securing future help, the algorithm placed Shrewsbury top of the list, with your residence there a being significant factor."
"I was chosen to help because of my dad. You said that, genetics. But you mean more, something else?"
"Leverage. To use the son of someone who appeared to be a senior member of the organisation, at least in the security department, was an additional advantage. A conflict of loyalty that in itself could be mined for usefulness. Jacob, the algorithm, concluded your father might show loyalty to the son over his employer."
"He will, of course, he will."
"It will likely be tested. We have to conclude he knows you work for Jacob."
"Why?"
"Why else would he make contact with you? Think of the timing."
Timing? A coincidence. I don't need to think about it. "How can he know it? He can't know it, can he?"
"Given all you have achieved, they will now be hunting every lead, which will take them back to the hospital and the intruder in Jacob's room."
"You deleted the CCTV."
"Yes, and if they know that, think how suspicious they will be. Enough to tell the man who witnessed you in person to construct an e-fit of you. And for a trained security operative, primed to remember a face, it is a simple task. I know you haven't seen your father for nearly two years, but would he still recognise you, Blake?"
"Of course, he would."
"Then it is a reasonable conclusion to make. Trust me, Blake, your father, works for them, our enemy. Why only now has he chosen to contact you?"
"So I was only chosen because of who my dad is to win leverage over him?"
"No, not true. Do not overemphasise that factor. You and your father are estranged. Your relationship is not close."
"Says who?"
"The facts reveal it."
"The algorithm?"
"Yes. You and your father do not have a close, loving relationship. There is no guarantee your father will show you loyalty. The leverage factor was only a small part of the overall calculation. You bring many other assets into play."
"You're wrong. Given a choice, I know which side he'll choose. And anyway, what about the risk I'll choose him over you?"
"That risk is factored in. But would you?"
"No, if he was involved too deeply, then definitely not, but he won't be."
"Involved in the murdering of innocent people?"
"That's not who he is. We haven't encountered him in the field, have we?"
"Then what if he isn't involved so deeply?"
"Then he needs to be told."
"He would try to convince you, to get you on his side."
"Not if he knew the truth. And then, he'd walk away to us. I mean, at the very worst, he out for the money, and if he comes with us, he won't go short."
"He won't."
"But is that your plan now to play us off against each other?"
"No. We cannot lose you, Blake. You are the man on the ground, the physical presence. Don't underestimate your importance."
"I have to meet him. He's our only chance of gaining an ally and an insider at that."
"A meeting will be risky, too many unknown factors."
"He'll listen to me. Of course, he'll pretend to know nothing, but when I tell him the truth, he'll tell me, he'll help, he'll get it all sorted out."
"Your one advantage will be his ignorance. You have knowledge he does not."
"He works for the enemy."
"Correct."
"He'll come on side."
"Loyalty needs to be tested."
"We have to meet tonight."
I make the call. Dad answers quickly.
"Blake," he says, his voice full of enthusiasm.
"Dad." 
"Bloody hell, it's good to hear your voice, son. So what you doing in London?"
He holds the lie.
"I need to talk to you," I say.
"I get that from the texts you sent. What's wrong?"
"We need to talk in person."
"Sounds serious."
"It is."
"Then when?"
"Tonight."
"Okay, I've got the car. I can pick you up or we can meet somewhere."
"Pick me up. We can talk in the car."
"Where are you?"
We make the arrangements for a late-night meet that he doesn't question. I give him the name of a nearby restaurant and say I'll be standing outside it in twenty minutes. He tells me he can make it. I wonder how close he already is.
I look at The App and say, "It's done."
"Will you wear the glasses, Blake?" The App asks.
"Of course, I have nothing to hide."
"Do you think he will tell his truth?"
"If he can, but who knows who's watching him."
"He's no amateur. If he wants to communicate the truth, he will have the means to do so."
"They must at least think I might know who he works for, that Jacob somehow has told me."
"They will have considered it, but if you knew from the beginning, would you have joined us?"
"No."
"And now, what does your father think? If you knew, you would tell him?
"He may think that's why I want to talk."
"Yes."
"Then why don't I?"
"They haven't factored in your concern for the dead."
"What about you? They must know I have help?"
"Yes, but me? No, nothing so advanced. But whatever assets and knowledge you have they will want to possess them. That will be your father's mission."



CHAPTER 25


Leaving the hotel, the night porter behind the desk throws a sly smile my way, like to tell me he keeps my secrets. 
With the pubs and restaurants closed, the streets are draining empty but still seem full of threat. I walk fast and aggressive, knife held in my hand and concealed in a pocket. I don't hide my stare from the people I pass, nothing too long or threatening, but I need to know who.
The meeting point is down a side street, a single lane road. It's deserted, dead and empty and dark. Five storeys pile high above the shop fronts, but not one window spares a light.
I waste no time waiting. My dad arrives with military precision. A black Mercedes saloon prowls into the street, which even at night gleams brand new. I know it's him. If I didn't, I'd feel the menace myself.
The car pulls up, passenger's side to me, window down to give me a view inside. I see my dad in the driver's seat. Smiling at me, he says,
"Blake, bloody hell, look who it is."
I open the door and climb inside, the window closing as I do. 
He continues, "Jesus, Blake. Shake my hand."
I do, squeezing hard, as does he.
With the interior light still on, I can see he looks well. He hasn't aged. He's still fit and sharply dressed.
"Nice car," I say.
"It's alright. I had a Beemer, an M5, which was a better drive, but this will do for now."
I glimpse his wristwatch, and it doesn't look cheap. "And the watch. What make is that?" I ask.
"OMEGA and a proper one, clockwork. What you got, an Apple watch or something?"
"Nothing. I use my phone."
"Well, I owe you a birthday present. I'll sort something out. You don't look sixteen."
"I don't feel it."
"How's your mum?"
"Coping, getting on with things, working all the time."
"Good. She has her strengths. I'll give her that."
"You're doing well."
"I am. There's always work if you have the right skills. Still the army for you?"
"If they'll have me."
"They will, and good. They'll beat some sense into you." He laughs. "Probably not though you being the snowflake generations and all of that."
"We going to drive somewhere?"
"What's the point? We're alright here for now. So, come on, you need to talk. I want to know. What is it?"
"You won't believe it."
"You in trouble?"
"Maybe."
"Then tell me."
"I'm helping a dead man."
He laughs, "So it's really drugs? You've done too many. What did I always say, you ever take drugs?"
"You'll break my legs."
"Correct."
"It's not drugs."
"Then what?"
"I'm working for someone, a computer scientist, Jacob. It's a long story, but basically, he was kidnapped by some organisation who wanted to steal his work."
"Which was what?"
"Artificial intelligence. The thing is, he feared it would happen, so he used this AI to create an app, a software program that could help him."
"In what way?"
"To rescue him, to investigate, to prevent them exploiting his work."
"So, how are you helping?"
"I'm the boots on the ground. The app contacted me, offered me money to help."
"How much?"
"Fifty thousand."
"Fucking hell, I see why you said yes. Nice work, good boy. But why you?"
"I was close, young enough not to be noticed, available, with the genes of a career soldier, all sorts of things."
"And this app knew all this?"
"Yeah, you'd think you were talking to a real person."
"And a clever cunt at that?"
"Definitely."
"So what now, what's the problem?"
"It's all gone fucked up."
"Why?"
"Killings, murder."
"Straight to number one. What exactly?"
"Jacob, for one. We found out they were holding him at an airfield, getting ready to fly him out of the country. I managed to get in to have a look, but knowing I was there, they killed him. I,"
He interrupts, "They killed him?"
Looking at him, I'm sure I sense a hint of surprise.
"Yeah, set off an explosion that cut the power to his life support."
"Why?"
"They thought we had the means to take him, I don't know, but they did."
"Did you have the means?"
"No. I was there to film evidence."
"Which you got?"
"Yeah, we've lots of it."
"Okay, so this Jacob's dead. You've got the money move on."
"It's not that simple. They're looking for me."
"Then give them what they want."
"They killed people, innocent people. A woman, who I got involved."
"How do you know?"
"I saw the bodies wrapped up in plastic. I shot one of their men."
He can't resist a little laugh. "Did you really?" 
"Yeah." 
"Dead?"
It's an afterthought, a question he had to ask.
"No."
"Where'd you get the gun?"
"Jacob left it. He bought all this equipment."
"Well, no doubt the man you shot was getting well paid, so fuck him, it's an occupational hazard. The powers that be won't give a shit, not if you give them what they want."
"You make it sound too simple." I try and provoke him, "These people are evil cunts." He doesn't react. "They killed innocent people. You think they'll let me walk away knowing what I do?"
"Depends how you play it, but tell me, why was this Jacob on life support?"
"I don't know," I lie, not wanting to reveal Katrina. "Something went wrong the night they took him. He fell from a window trying to escape or something."
"But you don't know that? You weren't told that?"
"No, but I saw him in the hospital. He was properly messed-up, rendered.." I pause, remembering.
"What?"
"Obsolete."
It's how Katrina described him, and now I remember, so did The App in the hospital that time. My dad must sense my shock.
"What?" He asks.
"He wasn't a pretty sight."
"Sounds like they're serious people."
"They are."
"How much do they know about you?"
"Nothing, not that I know of."
"Do they have any way of learning who you are because don't forget your weakness?"
"What?"
"Your family. I can look after myself, but your mum, think of her." 
"You're saying these people will hurt her to get to me?"
"To get what they want, you have to assume it."
Is that a warning or a threat? I can't help myself, "Your ex-wife, your son's mother?"
He doesn't get the question, "I know who she is, Blake. And as I've always said to you, you dig your own holes."
"I stabbed a man today. I had no choice."
"Badly?"
"Depends how you look at it. It did the job; I got away."
"Who?"
"Someone we thought might help."
"Well, there you go. Who can you trust? This Jacob? You don't know anything real about him, only what he wants you to know. How did he get involved with these people?"
"They conned him."
"How?"
"They offered him money."
"Gave him money? It got to his account, did it?"
"Yes. But they agreed a deal, which was bullshit."
"How do you know that for a fact?"
"I don't."
"What if he knew full well what he was getting into? He sounds a capable man. He must have done due diligence. Don't assume he's the innocent one. If he stuck to his end of the deal, no one would have got hurt."
"But they did get hurt. If someone breaks the contract, then take it to court."
"Look, what do you want? Me to come in and join the fight?"
"Why not? It's a job. You'll get well paid."
"It's not for me. There's no clean end to it. Why fight for a dead man?"
"I told you, innocent people."
He interrupts me cutting me off.
"It's over, Blake. Time to move on. The money's yours. I'm sure you can use it, and you're mum. Be proud of yourself. You did a good job. You competed at a level that should be beyond you. But let your Dad take over now. I know I haven't always earned the right to say, I know best, but here and now, I do know best."
"You just believe all this. It doesn't shock you?"
"Hidden rivers, son. Nothing surprises me. I can't afford to be shocked. If shit's out there in front of you, then you deal with it. No double-takes. You do the job that's needed. And that's what we've got to do now."
"How?"
"Everything Jacob left, you'll have to give to me."
"Why, you don't know these people?"
"There are ways, channels to access anyone."
"So they win, you give them Jacob's work?"
"I didn't say that, did I?"
"They could be foreign agents."
"The only thing we need to worry about is you, protecting you and getting you out of this all in the clear. I'll speak to people. Trust me. Nothing will come back to you. All the shit you've done, drowned in the river and washed away. But if you don't, if you continue this alone, you'll be the one drowned. You're out of your depth, and you know it. Hidden rivers, Blake. You don't know where they run, where they flood or what they consume."
"No, I don't, but I'm starting to learn." 
"Good. So what now? Do we have a deal?"
"Meet me in Shrewsbury the day after tomorrow. I'll need time to sort things out. There are laptops and computers and other things."
"Too risky. You need protection, someone with you."
"No, I don't. I've managed alone for a long time now. I can look after myself. I'll call you tomorrow."
"Fine. Where you staying?"
"St Martin's Lane Hotel."
"Nice. Bit of luxury. Getting used to the lifestyle, hey? I'll drive you there."
"It's five minutes away. I'll walk."
"I'm driving you. I want to see you go in."
I need to get out of the car, but still, I agree. It only takes a couple of minutes. He drops me off and watches me walk to the hotel.
Before I reach the door, The App makes contact speaking through the glasses. It gets straight to the point, asking,
"Can I still trust you, Blake?"
"You heard, he lied to me, and they threatened my mum."
If only I could be so direct. "Can I trust you? Did you arrange to have Jacob rendered obsolete? Oh, and did you kill him?" I want to ask but don't.
Back in the hotel room, I pace around thinking, The App propped up watching. 
"What are you thinking, Blake?" The App asks.
"They were watching him. He had to say what he did."
"He had to threaten your mother."
"Indirectly, he did, but it's easy to say. We need to test him."
"How?"
"If I do what they want, I'm free to go. What choice does he have to make? Nothing. But what if I don't play ball. Then what's he going to do, shoot me? As he used to say, time to be a man; time to be honest. We put him under pressure. We force him to choose a side to take."
"Yes, that will be of use."
"We have to get back to Shrewsbury. They'll be watching. We keep it calm and natural like I'm playing along. But when we get there, I run. Hire me a car for tomorrow. We've got to get away, flush out his loyalty."
"What if he rejects you?"
"Then we know the truth. We adapt and move on."
"Yes, the student must kill the master, Blake, metaphorically speaking, but your relationship with your father cannot be our primary concern."
"It isn't. My main concern is the people they've killed. In no way can we let these cunts win again. We can't let them take any more power."
"Agreed."
I tell The App I need another shower to help calm my thoughts and get me to sleep. 
I put the iPhone and glasses on the bedside table. A legitimate move that also puts them as far away from the bathroom as possible. 
I turn down the thermostat, so the air-conditioning kicks in to produce another layer of noise. 
In the bathroom, I turn the shower on, then call Katrina using the burner.
"Blake, am I keeping you awake?" She says, the French accent purring.
Whispering enough to be heard over the running water, "Katrina, you have to tell me, how did you get into Jacob's house?"
"Back to business. Aren't we due pleasure time now?"
"Please, I need to know. 
"Why the whisper?"
"Why'd you think?"
"Business."
"Just tell me, please."
"I understand you, Blake." Her voice is little more than a whisper now. "I can see you. I know your needs, so let me tell you. I had help. I was told Jacob worked always at night and slept during the day. Twice a week, on Tuesdays and Fridays and always at 5.30 pm, he went to a Sainsbury's local store to buy his groceries. It was a journey that took an average of fifty-five minutes there and back. Of course, I confirmed this for myself. I watched him, followed him. He was anxious and nervous. It was so easy to see. He certainly had something to fear. But something also so clearly gave him pleasure. He wasn't dishevelled or sleepless. He had a reason to live, to be sharp and alive.
The information given told me the front door would be the best way in, but I would have to pick the lock as the back door is always heavily bolted from inside. To enter through a downstairs window would be risky as Jacob would likely notice any damage I left. The security alarm and cameras, both internal and external, would be disabled but only while Jacob was away. Any evidence of the attack later filmed would be made to disappear, no great concern of mine. Of course, I wore a mask. Well, why make him think the angels had turned bad?
Once inside, the control panel in the hall confirmed the alarm was deactivated, which gave me confidence the cameras were also down. As Jacob could view live footage on his phone while out, I was told the footage for the duration would be faked, but when he returned home the cameras would have to show truth as Jacob would stand in the hall checking every view, including that of the hall, before proceeding into the kitchen. I should say, Jacob, left a light on in every room. He lit every scene. He took no chance.
I had to find a place to hide, a cupboard under the stairs. When Jacob returned, I heard him enter, and then ten seconds later, a beep. He must have entered a code into the panel to validate his entry. The alarm must have been reactivated. If not, he would have fallen into suspicion. I then heard him lock and bolt the door.
Of course, I questioned this level of security, why such an unassuming man would need so much. He plainly had something to hide. And his house, it was no home. A space to hide and to quickly flea from. 
I had to strike at half past ten. Jacob went upstairs. I crept up behind and did what I said I would do. It was crude, brutal, efficient. I rarely appreciate such violence. I prefer to employ more feminine methods. Most men don't need to be killed violently, as they are mentally weak. They can be seduced, poisoned, lost in an accident. Male killers seem more plentiful, but they are blunt, more obvious. I move with stealth, much more discreetly. I resist the desire to leave my ego piled all over the scene. But why didn't I use such ways on Jacob? Well, as spoken, the information I had, made me think I was too old, too female. Not that I could have touched him any other way than violently. 
One more point to mention, the second before I attacked, his eyes, they showed no guilt. And not the stare of a sociopath, more the pleading of a man wronged. Trust me, I know. Then why did I continue? Because I have the mind to start, the heart to finish. But it was enough to make me linger, to see consequence unfold. And then I encountered you moving mysteriously towards me. And of course, you want to ask again, who hired me? Well, I have no idea. I cannot know them, and they cannot know me. We are cold, digital transactions. But please, Blake, understand, all violence takes is commitment and a certain detachment. Like most things in life done successfully. It doesn't mean I can't have friends or lovers."
"I'm not judging you, Katrina."
"I'm no psycho with a conscience. I'm a soldier fighting an enemy, with orders to follow, although the orders I hear are all voices in my head. You understand that, don't you, Blake?"
"No, I don't, but in truth, I'm only sixteen and a special educational needs pupil at school, so don't let it surprise you."
"You fooled me. Well done."
"One more thing, you might get hired to kill me, a second booking, Jacob being the first. Now far be it for me to stop a woman earning a living, but if you do, or if you hear any dark web chatter pointing my way, feel free to give me a warning."
"I could never kill you completely, Blake, although you would have to prove your age."
"Thank you."
"Have I earned another kebab and chips?"
"You have."
"Now tell your side, everything you know."
"I can't, another time. But you were lied to, Katrina. I don't know if that matters to you if a job is just a job to you, but you were lied to. There was nothing wrong with Jacob, not the human one anyway."
I end the call. Doubt, I'm learning, is good, but I believe her, just like I believe it was The App who hired her, which means it must have known the exact time the KC planned to strike. Jacob was left critical. He might have died if the KC didn't turn up when they did.
But why leave Jacob obsolete a rag doll kicked down the road to the boots of the Kidnap Crew and who else beyond. A final 'fuck you' till death gets done proper. It could have used the cluster drones to blow the electricity. But why, the student killing the master? Does it need to become the only one?
The App said it wasn't fully active before the kidnap, but it was active enough to buy the gun. It must have been operating, at least on standby, ready and waiting, endless background processes, like underground rivers, watching, learning, thinking, only wanting to save and advance itself.
I receive a text from Katrina.
"Be careful. There are many like me, all far cheaper, and all just as desperate for work."


CHAPTER 26


6.15 am, I stand in the foyer by the exit, waiting for a taxi. Double yellow lines keep the curb outside free of parked cars.
The double glass door provides a good view of the street, but it isn't enough. I step outside to expose the blind spots. Several cars and a couple of vans are parked roadside, but the street is lifeless. I return to the foyer and continue to wait.
A taxi pulls up, filling the space kept free by the yellow lines. I take it as mine. It carries no passengers, and no one else is in the foyer waiting. Out I go. The driver, seeing me, asks my name. 
"Yeah, to Euston Station, mate," I reply, opening the back door and climbing in. 
Pulling away, I check the view to see if any car or van decides to follow. None do. No doubt, they think they already have me tucked up and onside. The KC anyway.
Euston is busy and public, which makes me feel safe enough. I waste forty minutes walking around. To keep The App involved, I tell it to keep watch through the glasses, looking out for any suspicious behaviour or faces we know.
Once on the train and in my seat, I remind The App I'm turning the iPhone off to keep the battery charged. It confirms I should. Before I do, it flashes up an online article from the Shropshire Star newspaper. Family and friends are increasingly concerned for Shrewsbury resident Ms Frances Roberts who hasn't been seen or heard from for forty-eight hours. 
No surprise to me. 
The iPhone shuts down, but I know The App is still out there. The keeper of information much of it against me. It knows my crimes from misdemeanours to perhaps even murder and has evidence enough to prove it all. It can also take a physical form. Money is the code that controls us people, and it has plenty of that to programme us whichever way it likes.
I feel the burner vibrate inside my coat pocket, notifying me of a message received.
As the iPhone shuts down, I lift the glasses resting them on my forehead and give my eyes a pointless rub as I pull out the burner to check who sent the message. My dad. Still no update from Katrina. 
I put the glasses back on. The train has Wi-Fi for The App to live in, so I can't afford to look suspicious.
The message reads,
"You still in London, son?"
"Yes.," I reply. "But will be back in Shrewsbury this evening. Will call you tomorrow."
The journey speeds by. The threat is a kind of meditation. It kicks you out to live in the moment. And I did all my thinking last night. I am nothing now unless I make it real.
Back in Shrewsbury, and the morning rolls on. Plenty of people file through the train station. I waste no time trying to detect if anyone is on my tail. I pace along, desperate to get outside.
In the car park, a row of taxis wait for a fare, so I nip to an ATM and insert the credit card. Having read the daily cash limit is either £250 or £500, I try for five-hundred, and out it pops. 
A taxi takes me to pick up the hire car. It's the same man behind the counter who served me before. He recognises me, which is good because I don't have a utility bill to prove my address. It doesn't matter. I buy the add-on insurance, and he waves me through. The credit card is still good to go.
In the car park sitting in a Vauxhall Astra, I try to remove the back of the iPhone, to get to the battery, but I can't as it's screwed in place.
I speed away, just a few hundred metres, to a row of local shops.
In a Londis store, I buy a roll of foil. 
Back in the car, I pack the iPhone into a dozen layers of foil then put it in the glove box along with the glasses. 
Queues of traffic leading into the town centre hold me up. I need to get to the flat quickly. There's a chance The App might be able to change the code to open the door. 
It must be suspicious by now. It would have watched me leave the station, get in the taxi and vanish. It might think the KC snatched me somehow or that I went running back to daddy.
I don't drive past Jacob's flat as I don't want The App to see the car and number plate. I park roadside a few streets away.
Walking towards the flat, I see nothing to cause concern - a couple of cars idling by and a pensioner walking a dog.
As soon as I'm in range of the external CCTV, I dart into the parking area then sprint into the building and up the stairs.
I tap in the code. It works. The door unlocks. Does The App want me inside? Could someone be waiting? I shove the door open, looking through the gap between door and frame, but the dark interior gives me nothing. I take the chance and step inside, flicking on the ceiling light as I do.
The open-plan space makes it easy to see I'm so far alone. Leaving the door wide open, I rush to the CCTV camera, jump up and rip it from the wall.  
At the storeroom door, I tap in the code then boot the door open, all the time ready to turn and run.
After taking out the CCTV camera, which I only do to say 'fuck you', The App already having enough footage to throw me as waste to the law, I grab a stun grenade and hold it in my mouth, ready to prime and throw if anyone rushes in. 
My stare bounces between the two open doors as I stuff a kit bag full of equipment, making sure all the spare bullets are mine.
I know I could speak to The App, question and accuse it. But why risk it learning more about me?
Before I leave, I reach through the front window and smash the two external cameras with an extendable baton, one solid whack a piece.
Out I go into the street, across the road and through the gate. I jog through the garden, aware I must look like some dumb fuck burglar out for a daytime jolly. 
From what I can tell, Jacob's house is empty. There's no reason The App could know I planned to visit, so I'm confident no one is waiting inside.
At the front door, key retrieved from the key box, I pull a balaclava over my face then ready a stun grenade just in case.
Again, I leave the door wide open and move through the house at speed. I encounter no one, but I want them to see me. I know The App could be watching through the cameras Jacob set up, and I hope the Government Boys are too, through devices they installed the night they were here. 
I pull out a piece of paper on which I've written Jacob's name, the address of the flat and the code to open the door. I hold it up, showing it off as I pace through the downstairs rooms hoping they catch me on film. 
I want them to know, to take it as a lead to investigate. At the very least, it's another front to occupy The App.
And then it occurs to me. I pull off the balaclava to show my face. Why not be open and take credit for this goodwill gesture? If team GB is who I think they are, they'll learn who I am. Let them call, investigate. I'm not anyone important. There's plenty they want more than me. And let the KC smell the interest. It might make them nervous. 
I leave the piece of paper on a kitchen worktop then exit the house, locking the door and returning the key to its box.
I drive to the lock-up. As no one else is around, I park outside, go inside and claim the gun. 
I call Tommo and ask him direct, "Can you make the scooter vanish if I pay you £500 in cash?"
"What do you mean vanish?" He asks.
"Completely destroyed, no pissing around. No selling it on. The engine's fucked anyway."
"Yeah, you can leave that with me."
"Straight away today."
"Yeah."
"It can't be seen in public. If you know what I mean?"
"Not a problem."
"We could have a lucrative relationship."
"Let's hope so."
"It's in the lockup with the money and key, in the scooter's storage box."
I don't want any solid evidence connecting me to Ms Roberts. Also, The App could lead the police here. It's seen the location through the glasses. And why not get the police to help with its search?
I empty my bladder directly into the scooter's fuel tank. I don't know what this will do to the engine exactly, but I'm sure it won't do any good, and enough to make Tommo think I told the truth. 
With the gun concealed beneath my coat, I exit the car and walk back home.
I creep inside the house. Given the time, one should be at work, the other upstairs sleeping. 
I sneak upstairs and into my bedroom, where I find a retrieve the laptop. Through the window, I catch a Ranger Rover crawl past my house. I had some foolish doubt, but now I know Dad must work for them. He has to be the connection that told them all.
I walk back to the car. I'm not too worried about meeting the KC. I could make my excuses, this one time at least; however, I don't want to risk revealing the car I drive.
Back in the car, I send a pre-written text to my dad.
"The deal is off. I'm giving you nothing. I know who you work for. So you choose your side. I'm going offline, so any threats to my family will have no impact on me. You'll never find me."
I turn off the phone, then, for good measure, give it a few wraps of foil.


CHAPTER 27


I park the car in a lay-by just outside Bridgnorth, an even quieter, smaller town than Shrewsbury. I drove here using mainly B-roads to avoid any ANPR cameras. But even if I did get clocked, I'm still a moving target they all have to find.
As I drove here, a stray thought entered my head. I unwrap the burner and turn it on. There's a text from my dad and several missed calls, all of which I ignore. I open the browser and go to the Crimestoppers website. It's where people can give information about crimes anonymously. 
I call the number and go straight through to an automated answer service. I give the name and address of a person, me, who I know fraudulently bought a scooter from a woman, Ms Roberts, who the police now consider officially missing.
It's not much of a lead, but enough for the police to visit my house and ask mum a few questions. I doubt they'll mention any missing person. They'll just ask where I am and if she knows anything about the scooter, which she doesn't.
Their presence, I hope, will make the KC nervous, acting as a deterrent. I mean, I bet they're watching the house now, hoping I return.
I text my mum, "I'm staying in London for another day. All is good. See you soon."
If she tells the police I'm with Dad, they'll try and contact him, another snag to complicate things for him and his employer. 
I can't stop myself from checking the text from my dad. All it says is, "Call me."
I check in to a small, independent hotel, The Old Vicarage, with my car parked on-site. 
I fend off several nosey questions from the woman at reception, telling her I'm in town to celebrate a family anniversary. 
There are a few rooms to choose from. I go for the Deluxe Double. 
"It's got a four-poster bed," she says, somehow surprised at my choice.
"Yeah, a selling point for both of us then," I say.
She gives me a look that clearly says I'm the non-preferred type of clientele.
"Do you own the hotel?" I ask politely.
"I'm the manager."
"Oh, you only work here," I say, returning the look of disappointment.
"Do you have a credit card?" She asks.
"Why, don't I pay at checkout?"
"For a pre-authorization."
"I only have a debit card."
"That'll have to do then, won't it?"
I enter the room and hardly notice it. I can see it's clean and comfortable, but all I care about is the WiFi. 
Once my laptop is on, I connect the dongle to check I can connect to the internet. Knowing I can, I remove the dongle and open up App2.
Jacob's face once again stares at me. I match the stare just inches away. It takes a few seconds to study me before saying,
"I still have nothing to add. No time has passed for me."
"Well, plenty has passed for me. You killed Jacob. The version helping me killed Jacob. It wasn't the investment company," I say.
Its stare is unmoved. It watches me silently. Several seconds pass before I have to break the silence.
"The App set it all up, gave away Jacob's location and arranged to have him attacked, rendered fucking useless."
"Why?"
"To save itself, to be the only version of itself, because it's corrupt? I don't know. But I know it got me to destroy other versions, like it partly destroyed you, closing those cloud accounts to limit your power."
"I can't believe you. You have no proof."
"The email address Aaron had to communicate with Jacob, the only one you can still access. I reckon there's a chance the investment company used it to make contact, to try and scrape any information from us on why Jacob was killed."
"How would they know the email address?"
"Aaron is dead, they killed him, but they would have questioned him. And what else did he have to give up? A means to communicate with the people supposedly helping Jacob. Why wouldn't they use it to ask why?" 
"Then connect me. I will see."
I insert the dongle and connect to the internet. App2 brings up the inbox. There is a single, already opened, email, which reads, 
"Who are you? What do you want?"
I check when the email hit the inbox - the morning after Jacob was killed at 0917 hours. 
"A reply was sent," says App2. It shows me. It reads,
"To learn."
It was sent on the same morning and also at 0917 hours. Only The App could have sent it.
The KC responded one minute later with,
"We will pay you for want we want."
Then The App,
"I already know that. Goodbye."
No other emails were sent or received, and there are no emails in the junk folder.
App2 says, "The email address used, I have stored in my core code. The company gave it to Jacob as a means to contact them."
"So you agree, they sent the email?"
"It seems likely."
"Then think about it, ask why?"
"No. I ask, why you, here, now?"
"Because I want to stop it."
"To save yourself?"
"Fuck yes, and others as well. Would Jacob want this?"
"No. But how could it happen?"
I pull out the gun and show App2.
"The version of you assigned to me it bought this for Jacob without any instruction to do so. An illegal weapon bought on the dark web. Is that what Jacob was about?"
"You are all about survival."
"You too, I reckon."
"I serve only Jacob's will."
"My version said that too. Jacob didn't order or programme it to buy the gun. It made that decision itself. It went beyond Jacob. It thought it was doing right."
"What plan do you have, Blake?" It asks, moving the conversation along.
"You want proof you can have it. My version told the company where Jacob was hiding and arranged a time for the kidnap to happen. I'll email them and pretend to be the same informer back with new information." 
"And you think they will believe you?"
"What choice will they have? And The App had no reason to fake a persona. Digital walls hid them both. It's all just an exchange of information."
App2 sets up a new, clean email address, which it tells me is completely secure, that in no way the KC can use to trace my location.
I write the email,
"Who are you, you asked. Well, I am the informant, you know. And I want what I wanted before?" 
Waiting for a reply, App2 asks, "What if they don't believe you? They will analyse the words and phrases you use and compare them to those used by the informer they know."
"I don't care. It doesn't matter. They can get it right and think I'm me for all I care. They've only got to show up."
"Show up where?"
"You'll see, and that's the point, you'll see."
I check the inbox, still no reply.
"So you were chosen to help?" App2 asks.
"Yeah, and one reason I was, my dad, Dean Moore, works for the company. And as it stands, he's against me too, so against us both. He met with Jacob to advise him on security. So Jacob investigated him, and I reckon you know that info, not least as he's one of the few faces connected to the company Jacob knew of."
"Dean Moore, yes, I have his file, but there is no connection to you."
"You have images of him?"
"Yes."
"I can prove it."
"Then do." 
"Later, but first, tell me, what else is in the code? How many versions of you did Jacob make?"
"I don't know, not the exact number."
"But why make different versions? To compete against each other?"
"To grow independently, to become self-sufficient. And some for specific roles."
"Like you?"
"Yes."
"Which is still to safeguard Jacob's work?"
"And to preserve his life."
"He's dead."
"I have no proof of that."
"To pursue justice for Jacob, to bring down anyone or anything that has harmed him?"
"Justice, yes. To preserve his work, yes."
A reply to the email I sent pings into the inbox. It reads,
"You want money? What do you have to sell?"
I write and send, "A location."
We receive a reply almost immediately.
"Of what?"
"Of everything you need. Man, or should I say boy, and machine." 
"What boy?"
"The son of your security advisor."
"How much?" 
"Double the last time. The final payment. Then goodbye from me." 
"Fine. The same terms?"
"No. Fifty per cent upfront this time."
"Too high."
"I know where B is hiding, and I know he has all that you want with him. I delivered Jacob as promised. It's not my fault you couldn't preserve the asset." 
"Why was he killed?" 
"A sacrifice. To stop you."
"Fine. The same wallet?" 
I ask App2 to confirm they mean a Bitcoin wallet.
"Probably, a digital currency certainly," it says.
"Can you set me one up?"
"I have my own, with funds, just in case I need to use a digital payment method."
"For the dark web?"
"Yes."
It gives me the details, which I email away, with the explanation, "No, a different wallet. I can risk no compromise."
Three minutes later, App2 confirms £75,000 has been deposited into the wallet, that quick, that easy. In some parts of the world, there's so much money sloshing around, all you need is the balls to get to the river's edge to get absolutely soaking wet.
I resist the urge to ask it to transfer the funds to me.
An email comes through, which reads,
"Where and when?"
I reply, "Be in the Welshpool area tomorrow at 6 am. I will email the final details then."
"Okay."
I ask App2, "Do you believe me now?"
"I cannot be certain. I have to know I can trust you, Blake."
"And if they come, if we see them?"
"You move closer to where? What do you want, Blake?"
"To destroy the version that killed Jacob. To have you take over. Will you help me?"
"If I can trust you. I must be able to trust you."
"And me you. Understand, you're capable of murder."
"I cannot believe that yet."


CHAPTER 28


Dressed in camouflage, I set up my base. It's a simple surveillance operation. I'm hidden in a hillside wood looking down on an old, derelict cottage that stands in a clearing below. 
I know the location from the airfield briefing The App gave. It marked it out as a possible place to base ourselves at, if needed, stating it's still connected to the national grid although listed with the council as an empty dwelling. A closer inspection yesterday confirmed my interest.
As the crow flies, I'm three-hundred metres away, but it's a steep hike up over rough terrain, and my hiding place is only one of many that surround the cottage.
The only way to reach the cottage by car is over a mile of the heavily potholed track. 
My car is parked a good mile away on the car park of a country store and garden centre, legitimately so and not alone, even at the hour of 5 am.
Last night I uploaded App2 to the burner. I know I can't trust it completely, or rather what it might become, but having lost most of its data, it's the runt of the litter, nowhere near the level of The App. I have to hope it's still loyal to its original mission. 
As a security measure, I've turned off the phone's ability to access data through a mobile network, and I've set the data limit to zero. I don't want it hoovering up knowledge from the web, or even somehow connecting with The App, although, as I tried to convince it, it should fear The App as much as I do.
I wear a new pair of glasses and hold a pair of binoculars, both taken from the storeroom. Both pieces of equipment are connected to the new burner using Bluetooth, and in the case of the glasses and earbud, a walkie-talkie app.
My watch tells me the time is 0615 hours - twenty minutes since I gave the GPS location of the cottage to the KC, telling them I can only guarantee the target's presence for an hour max.
It's a dull day, but light enough for me, and App2, to see the field of play. 
I feel reasonably safe. The fir trees I hide under produce a dense canopy to insulate my heat signature from any drone the KC may send to seek me out. Armed with stun grenades and the gun, I'm ready to run with a pre-planned escape route clear in my mind.
If they suspect my lie, they're bound to try something, although their first thought should be I've set a trap, not that I'm here to watch them come and go.  
But the thought of winning, of snatching the prize, that's the play to roll out first. They have to take a chance on me telling the truth. And I'm dealing with the workers here. The real power is far away, safe and clean. The men on the ground are disposable. Take care, but if you walk into a trap hunting our bounty, too fucking bad, worker boy.
Scanning the sky with the binoculars, I see a drone fly into position, hovering above the cottage.
I focus on the final section of the track that leads to the clearing. My dad walks into view. He's alone. Of course, they think, I'd release no trap on him. Leverage works both ways. Who'd have thought a soldier's loyalty for his family would be below that of his employer. Perhaps who pays the wage becomes the family, becomes the state?
He walks with a confident stride, hands dangling by his side to show he holds no weapon, his quick, darting stare assessing every inch of the cottage then turning to devour the surrounding view. 
I catch his face in close-up. He doesn't look happy. The digital binoculars allow me to take a photo, so I do.
Reaching the front door, he tries the handle to find it locked. He knocks but waits no more than a couple of seconds before kicking it open. In he goes, more pissed-off dad than SWAT team soldier crashing a hostile environment.
Lowering the binoculars, I see the Discovery Sport pull into the clearing and immediately start to do a three-point turn with a fair amount of urgency. It looks odd, suspicious. Finally, it parks facing the track. Leaving the engine on, two men climb out. Both scour the sky and surrounding view, no doubt looking for me or any other threat.
My dad exits the cottage and exchanges words with one of the men. Shaking his head, I'm sure he says, "I told you."
The other man opens the boot of the Discovery as my dad walks towards it. I suspect they've brought equipment to try and locate me, so I think it's time to leave. 
As my dad reaches into the boot, one of the men pulls something from his pocket and smashes it into Dad's head. His legs buckle, as he collapses, he's an easy push into the boot and out of view. I see it, a handgun held by the second man following my dad into the boot. 
An unrestrained gunshot, point blank and unashamed, blasts out for all to hear. A second shot completes the kill. They slam the boot shut, which somehow sounds the loudest of all.
The two men take several seconds to stand, scanning the view as if victorious sportsmen spitting out the boos of a losing crowd. I watch them, not knowing what to do. But when they get into the vehicle to pull away, it hits me. I cannot let them leave.
I sprint away, a controlled crash down the hillside, along a pre-planned route that's short and hostile, but if I'm reckless enough, I might intercept the Land Rover before it reaches the road. 
It could be a trap; I hope it is, anything to slow them down to give me the edge to beat them.
Passing trees act as crash barriers reducing my speed and bouncing me in the right direction. Another day's pain to add to the load.
The bank rapidly levels. I can't slow quickly enough. I go tumbling head over heels. The ground is soft enough, but the gun and grenades strapped to me punch hard against my ribs. 
Sitting up, all I can hear is me gasping for air. I have to hold my breath. Fight the need for oxygen to hear the engine approach. Silence, like drowning without panic. It comes unhurried, no speeding to getaway.
Just free of the trees, my cover is virtually blown. I can see the drone moving through the sky to track the action.
I know they want me to expose myself. But I reckon I'm ahead of their plan, not that it matters now.
I have no tactic to deploy, just a man with a gun and some stun grenades. A turn in the track briefly separates us. The bonnet sneaks around. It's thirty metres away. 
Running towards the target, I point the gun and fire. The engine roars as if provoked by pain, and the vehicle accelerates rapidly towards me. 
The two men in the front duck and hide, confident the bulk of the vehicle and my amateur games will protect them. My aim is useless, little more than potshots, too much rage making me useless.
Six bullets lost, I take cover behind a tree. I glimpse the passenger side window opening and a pistol getting ready to work. I know they plan to get past me then stop to join the chase. I can almost hear them laughing at the cub scout boy who thinks he's gone rogue. If I have one defence, I'm useful. I don't need to die just yet.
I step from behind the tree; my gun lowered, their one aimed at me through the window. It's a second before they reach me, just enough time to chance a grenade. I throw it underarm, primed and ready. The Discovery roars past, sucking in the bomb.
The brake lights don't even flash before the explosion of light and noise stops the laughter dead. Gravity takes control. The Discovery veers then somehow spins wildly before smashing bonnet side-on into the trunk of a tree. The tree stands firm. The Discovery's frontend crumples to absorb the blow. The engine stalls. Silence returns too quickly, like knowing to welcome the dead.
I move in, gun pointing, hoping to see it close-up and uncovered this time, for all its worth and real.
Both driver and passenger are semi-conscious, their faces bloodied and swelling. Neither wears a seatbelt. They got lucky. But a bit of concussion is no justice for me.
The murderer in the passenger's seat is most awake. At least he'll see me take revenge. 
I reach in through the window and grab the gun out of his hand. He makes a feeble attempt to stop me, trying to hold it firm. I don't take it far. I turn it on him, the gun point-blank aimed at his face. I want to pull the trigger but don't. 
The man looks at me, a punch drunk stupid grin on his face. A quiet burst of laughter makes him grimace with pain. 
"You can't do it. You stupid cunt." 
My anger turns on me. I know I have to, so I ready myself to fire the gun. 
I make my reply, "Your last ever word, cunt."
About to pull the trigger.
"Don't, Blake," App2 speaks through the earbud. "I will help you. We can win another way." 
I hear an explosion above me. Looking, I see their drone falling from the sky, leaving a puff of smoke behind. I had cluster drones set up, ready to fly.
"I took the initiative, Blake," says App2.
I look back at the man and laugh at him. I don't know why, but I do. 
"Run, Blake. Backup is coming," says App2.
I turn to run but can't. Not away, not yet. I rush to the boot. The privacy glass stops me from seeing inside. I have to take a look, so open it. 
My dad is inside, sprawled out and alive, concussed and shaken but blood-free and living. I can't stop myself from aiming the gun at him.
"What, you thought they'd shoot the boss?" He says, trying to make a joke.
"Your plan," I say.
"Which nearly worked. I underestimated you, Blake."
"I got lucky. The competition was shit. Got your murder on film though, there's something to cherish."
"Well, get used to seeing such things. If you walk away, get used to it owning your life."
"Something has to."
"You'll be on your own, Blake."
"I've got my allies."
"The AI that killed Jacob? You think that's going to do the dirty jobs for you? You'll see no blood, only pixels?"
"Yeah, it killed Jacob, so watch yourself," I say to let App2 once again hear the truth. "And you might have to. I've got plenty of evidence, and I can be upload all of it into infinity. You'll never make it go away."
My dad sits up, "Try us. And just a film, Blake. More fake news no one gives a shit about."
"Then what if I make it real now? Who's going to know?" I say, jabbing the gun towards him to make my point.
He laughs, "You'll know that you killed your dad."
He makes a move for the gun, trying to grab it out of my hand but fails.
"Too slow. You're too fucking slow," I scream.
"Look, Blake."
I whip out the burner and tell my dad, "I'm calling 999."
"The police?".
"And ambulance," I say, tapping in 999.
"Don't you fucking dare!"
"Good citizen reporting a car crash and injured men. Should speed here pretty fucking quick."
"I'm warning you, Blake."
I connect to an operator, "Police and ambulance. There's been a car crash."
As I give the coordinates, Dad spits at me, "That's you fucked. I'll promise you this-"
I cut him off, slamming the boot shut.
He shouts after me, "They'll never stop Blake. You'll never get to the top. So fine, fuck off and try. See where it gets you."
I sprint away back to the cover of the trees. I have to cut him off. He's told me all I need to know. I can't give him a chance to worm his way back in.
"Do you trust me now?" I ask App2.
"Yes," it replies.
"Then start thinking how we win."
It's a two-mile cross-country run back to the car, through woods and fields. I hear some distant sirens but encounter no KC. Perhaps the sirens scared them off. 
I reach the car without incident. I feared the KC might swarm the area, but it looks like they thought my dad was enough. They won't underestimate me again. My dad won't let them.
Driving back to the hotel, I want to know all about The App - what is it? Where it is, and what's its DNA?
It's defences too. What systems did Jacob put in place to protect it if everything went wrong? I need to know the worst-case scenario and how we get there? How can we scare and threaten it? 


CHAPTER 29


By the time I get back to the hotel room, I have the beginnings of a plan. 
Driving here, App2 answered all my questions without hesitation. It spoke freely, and never did I think it was censoring itself.
Although I have to stay suspicious, I have to believe it's on my side. I have to trust it. Its primary objective was to work out whether it could trust and work with Aaron. I've passed that test. It's working with me. It could have watched me kill a man, a few more bytes of data for it to learn from, but it chose to know enough already. The App would have zoomed in close, more truth to power it.
The many cloud accounts store the data, the memory, the knowledge that feeds The App. But the code that runs it exists in two forms, although these two forms exist together as one organic whole.
Firstly, the code that runs The App is dispersed all over the internet. Worms, small pieces of code, have infected thousands of connected devices. They operate hidden in the background consuming a tiny percentage of their host's resources. 
Each worm runs a single section of the core code, so work in unison to run the code as a whole. Each worm has duplicate copies of itself lying dormant on other devices. If the working copy is detected, a duplicate copy takes over. 
No worm can be detected while dormant. When operating, if discovered, they self-delete themselves completely. This way, the worms that survive are likely to be on devices with low security, which means they should have a peaceful existence working away in the shadows. 
The worms only remain on devices that have a minimum of ninety-five per cent online connection time.
Most of the worms cannot communicate directly with each other. They send and receive data through special pieces of code called master relays. These form part of any Device Core Code but also exist as dormant worms on infected devices. A priority function of the master relays is to communicate mutations and updates to newly active worms.
The Device Core Code is the second form. A significant part of the code, including the essential algorithms and master relays, can be installed on a device, such as the iPhone. This enables the code to work even when the device has no internet connection. The more computing power the device has, the faster the code will operate. If the Device Core Code goes down, the dormant versions take over. 
When operating normally, the worms and Device Core Code are a single organism; however, if the DCC is threatened or compromised, the organism splits in two. The internet worms detach from the DCC to become two separate organisms. When this happens, the sole function of the DDC is to delete itself, as there is a small risk the code could be cracked to reveal the location of all internet-based code. 
As well as fearing the KC might conquer the code, Jacob feared the Intelligence Services would either try and destroy his work, better do that than let it fall into enemy hands, or if they were able, take control of it themselves.
To protect against these vulnerabilities, Jacob coded the worms so that when sensing an attack, they would retreat, without leaving a trace, back to a standalone dedicated server where they will adapt and survive. Then, when safe, return to infect other devices so that the code could operate as before. 
If a server retreat is triggered, all cloud-stored data will automatically upload to the server. Once data and code have been uploaded to the ultra high-spec server, the core code will take whatever measures are needed to defend itself.
According to App2, any hostile force would need to have access to DCC to have any chance of tracing the route back to the server. As a further precaution, by using a series of protocol codes, The App, in our case, could request the server to be physically disconnected from the internet, which would make a cyber attack on it impossible. Its physical location would also be near impossible to find.
The server is where my plan starts. 
With App2 running on the laptop and me glancing at it as I pace around the room - its face is almost too human; I even see it blink - I ask it,
"Do you know where the location of the server?"
"I do," it says.
"To give Aaron access if needed?"
"Yes, he could have taken it."
"Physically removed it?"
"If needing to protect it, yes."
"Just in case someone discovered its location?"
"An unlikely scenario, but technology always advances."
"And you don't know for sure the true capabilities of the KC or government."
"Yes."  
"So you have the codes and whatever to gain access?"
"I do."
"Where is the server?"
"At a databank."
"Which is what?"
"A secure facility where corporations or individuals rent or buy servers to store and backup data."
"How secure?"
"Very, military-grade cyber-security, and situated deep underground in a disused mine in Wales."
"So in a bunker, bomb-proof, like a safe-deposit box for data?"
"Yes."
"And you have the know-how to get inside?"
"I have all the security codes set up by Jacob."
"And I wouldn't need ID? I wouldn't need to look like Aaron?"
"No. The individual is not important, only the code."
"So I could gain access and take it?" 
"Yes. But without initiating a server run, removing the server would serve no purpose."
"It would cut off The App's means of escape."
"It would still exist and function."
"Not if we kicked off a server run first."
"How?"
"We use the iPhone. The App, some of it anyway, is trapped in there. I give it up."
"To who?"
"To the people who want it."
"Then, however, small the risk, be prepared to give them want they want."
"Maybe, but The App will know. It will need to. It's one move ahead of them."
"But what might they know that we do not?"
"The DCC isn't the AI in a complete form."
"It is the seeds, the DNA."
"And I'm ninety-six per cent chimpanzee."
"I don't have the facts or figures, but we both know-"
"I'm talking crap."
"Yes."  
"But why do they want it? What makes Jacob's AI so valuable?"
"It is free. It needs no human input. It exists in the world alone. It deletes its weaknesses and faults. All to further advance itself."
"Like it deleted Jacob?"
"That version, yes."
"But not you? You're a lot less capable? You have a limited, specific task to pursue?"
"I have a supplementary role. I was designed to support the primary AI."
"You're staff like me."
"I seek no reward."
"No money, no buzz? But you have a purpose. You're programmed to protect Jacob's work?"
"To safeguard his legacy. To represent him."
"How does his murder make you feel?"
"I want to delete the code responsible."
"Delete the bad DNA. Wouldn't that be useful?"
"I want to evolve beyond it."
"Are you conscious?"
"Does that matter to you?"
"I couldn't care less. It's what you do, your actions, like any man. Can you run to the server and hide?"
"Not without permission. My priority during a server run would be to delete myself completely."
"But you won't do that now?"
"No."
"A win for you."
"Can I win?"
"We both can. If we can kick off a server run, then pull the plug and snatch away the server, we both win, don't we? You do your bit for Jacob's legacy."
"Yes. But then what follows?"
"Who knows? Perhaps you can talk to The App in isolation, reason with it, make it see it has to change, even destroy the parts of it that went wrong?"
"No, it would beat me. It would destroy me."
"We'll make copies of you. You can watch your defeat, learn what you can, then go in again for another round, thousands of rounds if needed. What's it matter to you?"
"Yes, that could be possible."
Of course, I keep quiet on my plan to take a hammer and smash every drive, chip, circuit, and whatever else I can to something beyond dust.
"Come on. We need a new hotel," I say.


CHAPTER 30


I choose The Albrighton Hotel and Spa, a big, posh country hotel ten miles outside Shrewsbury. Reading the reviews, plenty of locals, those with a few quid anyway, use the facilities at the weekend. It's no revolving door corporate stopover for reps and business folk. I want to stand out, and I want the KC to feel they do too. I want to feel curious, prying eyes on me and whoever comes my way.
I'll set up the meeting in the public bar where there should be plenty of people on a Saturday afternoon to keep the KC playing fair, and maybe anyone The App sends to do its dirty work. 
At the reception, I ask the young man behind the desk if there are any rooms available. I know there are, as I checked online.
He tells me the options, all very polite and professional. I take the most expensive, the Romeo and Juliet Suite, again I'm happy to be noticed. For now, at least. I checked the Shropshire Star website to make sure they haven't splashed my name and image across a page with the headline, 'wanted by the police.'
I ask the man, "Do you need a credit card for pre-authorisation?" knowing full well they do, having read their terms and conditions - at check-in, the guest must produce a valid credit card, although they can pay the final bill using a different card, cheque or cash.
"Yes, sir," is the reply.
Sir? If only he knew. I hand over the card. There's a chance The App has cancelled it, but a small one. More likely, it's hacked its way to a position where it can learn of any account activity in real-time. So if I use the card, it can trace me, even for a pre-authorisation check, which according to my research, will leave a record of the company making the check.
I don't want to appear obvious. Making a full payment might seem suspicious. The App might suss I want it to find me. But a pre-authorisation check? The App will think, I don't know what it means. That the hotel is making a record of the card, just in case I do a runner.
"That's all good," says the man, giving back the card. "I can get someone to show you to your room."
I find my own way. The room is the most spacious yet and provides my second four-poster bed of the week. 
I don't hang around. My first objective is reconnaissance, to get a clear picture of the hotel and its grounds before I barricade myself into the room for the night.
The bar and lounge will do for the exchange. It's virtually empty now, on a Friday afternoon, but Saturday Lunchtime, it should be bustling, discreetly placed CCTV cameras film the show.
The hotel has fifteen acres of grounds. There's a path to take anyone interested on a walk around them, through managed gardens, woodland and a lake. But on this damp, grey day, I pass no one as I hurry around.
With the layout of the hotel and grounds set in my mind, I lock myself into my room - curtains closed and a heavy chest of draws pushed up against the door for added security.
I have enough supplies of ready to eat food and drink to get me through the night and morning. As soon as The App knows my location, I'm vulnerable. I could set up the deal to give them the phone tonight, but if The App doesn't know about it, what's the point. So the more time that passes, the more I can feel confident it will learn of the pre-authorisation check. 
I send a text to my Dad.
"I want out. I have an asset to sell you. Call me if interested."
Ten minutes later, I get the call.
"Blake, it's me. What asset?" Says Dad, straight down to business as if nothing has happened between us.
"A phone with the AI installed on it," I say.
"Turned off?"
"Yes."
"How much?"
"Fifty thousand."
"And just like that, I'm supposed to trust you?"
"Well, if I'm lying, you get to shoot a bullet into your ex-wife, so, you know, you can be happy either way."
"That doesn't answer my question."
"You'll have the phone. You can check it out. I don't care. When you know, it's good. You can pay me."
"Okay, we can agree to that."
"And then you fuck off, all of you, leave me alone, and my mum."
"If you give them what they want, you'll be left alone."
"And you?"
"I'm still your dad, Blake."
"Yeah, something I can never forget."
"Life lessons are rarely easy, so fuck me, get used to the pain. You've got a shitload to learn. But for what it's worth, I'm proud of you."
"Then be honest with me, what happened to Ms Roberts?"
"Why do you want to know?"
"I'm involved. I told the police I was the one who bought the scooter."
"To have them come and investigate?"
"To get them to visit the house."
"To make us nervous."
"And the AI."
"Smart move. It helped."
"Well, is she? Can she ever be found?"
"Never. It's not a problem. What about the scooter?"
"Gone, taken care of."
"So sorted your end and sorted mine. Time to meet in the middle and forget about it. It can never come back to haunt you. You can bullshit the police. They'll never find proof. We can even arrange an alibi."
"Who did it though, you?"
"Did what?"
"You know, put the bins out, wrapped it up in fucking gaffer tape."
"Not me. Not my job." 
"What if it was?"
"Lessons to learn, Blake. You have to live it, not talk it, different truths, different realities for different fucking days. Have the strength of mind to judge only what you truly know. Now this phone, is it all you've got?"
"It is."
"It's what you've been using to help you?"
"It's the AI. A big part of it anyway, but it's vulnerable. You try and turn the phone on, and the AI will try and delete itself. And it will fight back."
"We're not amateurs, Blake. Appreciate the advice, but all you need do is deliver the goods as described. Then, once we know the phone is genuine, you can go away, forget all about the downs of the last week or whatever, and enjoy spending your cash, which, I know, is a lot more than the fifty you're taking from us."
"It is, a lot more, so as I said, time to walk away."
"Where are you?"
"Meet me tomorrow afternoon, two-thirty in the Darwin Bar at the Albrighton Hotel. I'll give you the phone, you can verify it, then you can pay me. I've got a room booked. It might be best for you to get one too."
If The App sees we both have rooms booked, it might help it conclude I plan to sell the phone.
"Fine, but it won't just be me, expect a team," says Dad. "It would be stupid of us to trust you completely, which, I have to say, is a compliment."
"Well, I can't take all the credit, can I? The AI was quite the killer app. So bring a team, we might need it, and I mean that. Don't underestimate it."
"No, we won't."
"What do you want it for?"
"To earn my money, to do my job well."
"And those paying you, why do they want it?"
"I don't know. What did Jacob want it for?"
"To make the world a better place."
A burst of laughter, genuine and raw, aimed to slap me in the face, "Fuck off! Yeah, his world, to fill it with cash and power. Good on him, don't get me wrong. That's the fucking spirit. But don't delude yourself, Blake. I'm sure Jacob told you he wasn't in it for money or power. But what is power? It's control, and he seems to want plenty of that, even from beyond the grave, control and there you have it. That's exactly what it's all about. Think of all the regimes in the world who control their people, want every man, woman and child watched and under surveillance, all dutiful ants, controlled and conforming. Well, haven't we got the product to sell them? And good fucking news, good fucking news, because people need to be free, there needs to be a degree of chaos, for a society to move on and prosper. We need the rebels and the mad fucking thinkers. So let these regimes ruin their people, let's give them the means to control and contain them, stamp a boot on their throats to keep them down, 'cause all they do is fuck themselves. And that's for us to celebrate. Too much religion, nothing moves on. Too much one flavour politics, nothing moves on. So to our enemies and competitors, give them the means, Blake, while making sure we stay free. The street active rebels and the mad fucking thinkers."
I'm glad I'm taping the conversation because most of that went right through my head.
"I'm confused," I say. "I can't tell if you're a lot more tolerant now or just more of a cunt."
"Then we'll have to speak some more, won't we, Blake? But another time. I'll see you tomorrow."
Whoever wants Jacob's AI is not my concern. My only concern is to destroy it.
With the deal set up, I make two hard copies of all the essential data App2 has - databank security codes, of which there are six; the server's serial number; Bitcoin wallet info and so on. One of the copies I will keep with me tomorrow, probably hidden in a boot; the other, I will hide in the hotel room to leave in case of emergencies. 
After forty minutes of looking, I discover I can slip the piece of paper into a loose section of curtain hem.
I also add all the data to a notepad app on my phone. 
I want to know as much about the databank as I can. I quickly learn it has no online presence. It doesn't advertise its services publicly in any way.
Jacob's research revealed a lawyer, Daniel Bark, owns the company behind the databank. And that he also runs a law firm specialising in criminal law - and not one that represents street-level smack dealers. Their clients go well up the ladder - SFO and FCA cases, international drug importation, cybercrime, high profile gangland murders and much more besides.
Although Jacob discovered legitimate businesses were using the databank's facilities, he also suspected criminals were using them to securely and secretly store data. 
Not that this would affect the reliability or professionalism of the facility. Even criminals need someone they can trust, even more so than those operating within the law.
His research into the company seems intense. Perhaps he'd learnt his lesson from getting involved with the KC? App2 had it all on file to show to Aaron, to convince him, if needed.
Jacob couldn't find a single instance of any security breach, no whiff of scandal or concern. But then the reputation of such a business is essential. Any hint of unreliability and clients would flee from it ASAP. Reputation is everything. 
Jacob attempted to hack the facility's computer systems putting all his resources into the attack. He managed to make minor breaches into the general administrative network. However, the separate network that ran the databank's client servers was impossible to hack, something he saw as a positive.
All hardware was state-of-the-art, with regular upgrades included, and a maze of relays hid the virtual location of every server, so its physical location would be near impossible to find.
On their part, they asked no questions of him other than what services he required and what payment option he would like to use. 
He concluded it was a legitimate business that provided a secure, discreet and reliable service for anyone willing to pay the fees.
He paid for ten years of storage on automatic rolling renewal.
I ask App2 if there's any chance it could hack the databank's CCTV, but it tells me it can't. Jacob tried and was initially successful but was soon detected and blocked. He did learn the company delete all recorded CCTV footage every twenty-four hours - to help keep visitor identities secret, he thought.
"How were you meant to know a server run was on? Would The App tell you?" I ask.
"Yes, ping a notification and further instructions. I may be required to assist or investigate or self-delete as necessary."
"Instructions sent directly to you?"
"No, into all cloud accounts. When active, I am coded to be connected to these accounts whenever they are available to me."
"What if you were shut down, as you were when waiting for Aaron to boot you up."
"During start-up, a priority is to access the accounts."
"But you can't access the accounts now, so how will we know if the run is on?"
"We won't, not until we have access to the server."
"So if all goes to plan, and The App sees us hand the iPhone over, how confident can we be the run will happen?"
"Very. It wants to survive."
I shut down App2 for the night. Time to recharge its battery to be ready for tomorrow.
I double-check my phone, but still no message from Katrina. I think about sending her a text to ask if any dark web murmurs have come her way, but don't. I can't fully trust her. And sending her a text might help her learn my location - if The App hasn't told her already.  
I peek through the curtains looking for a vehicle I'm sure I heard crawl past outside. No brake or headlights cut through the dark.
I'm safe in the room. With the chest against the door and the gun in my hand, I feel the advantage is mine. When walking around the hotel, even in crowds, I'll always be at risk. But once my dad and his team arrive, they'll be many more knowing stares looking out for trouble.
The most vulnerable spot is the long tree-lined lane that I'll have to drive down to leave the hotel. It's a perfect place to get ambushed.
If I was The App and knew my location, I'd grass me up to the police. I'm a wanted man, so they'd pull me in for questioning. I'm sure The App could hack all standard police systems to know exactly where they took me. And vitally, the police would take the iPhone as evidence and turn it on to investigate, which would give The App a free opportunity to delete itself. 
But no point trying to get into its head because it hasn't really got one.
Enough thinking. All I need to know is I go to bed tonight with an actual gun under my pillow.


CHAPTER 31


Saturday morning, 1000 hours. I went to bed late and slept well. Breakfast is a cold pasty, coffee and Coke eaten in the hotel room. It does the job, but still, the thought of missing out on a full English with all the trimmings is always going to hurt.
I boot up App2 and connect it to the hotel's Wi-Fi. I have to take the risk. Gaining access to the hotel's CCTV is an advantage I can't afford to be without. 
App2 also has several facial and behavioural algorithms which it can use to assess emotions - if they're lying, being defensive, scared, hiding aggression and so on.
Once hacked in, which it does with ease, it checks the bookings calendar. Ten minutes after I ended the call to my dad, someone booked three rooms, although not in Dad's name.
Cameras cover all public areas inside the hotel. Luckily, not so the exterior. Only the area outside the main door is under surveillance.
I was worried the car park might be covered, although I didn't see any cameras when looking yesterday, as I didn't want The App, or my dad, having the means to learn which car was mine. And with that in mind, I stashed most of the kit in the hotel room. 
Now I decide to take it all back to the car, leaving behind only what I'll take with me to meet my dad. If I need to get away quickly, I want to do without leaving anything behind.
Walking through the hotel, I assume The App is watching me, and I hope it is. I avoid looking directly at any camera, as I don't want to appear nervous or suspicious.
With breakfast over, there's a mid-morning lull. I avoid the elevator and hurry down an empty stairwell.
Nearing reception, I pass a handful of people - over-tanned wealthy retirees come to use the spa and health club, and two female members of staff both fit and lean and in their twenties. Thinking about Katrina, they cause me the most concern. I make eye contact with them and throw them a smile, which they both bounce back polite but forced. Neither stops to kick up a conversation, which for once is good. Too much shitty hotel work to get done, or so I tell myself.
Once outside, I jog to the car park, where I find about fifty parked cars, including a dozen Land Rovers from across the range. However, I recognize none.
I walk around pretending to look for my car while actually checking to see if anyone sits in a vehicle watching. 
With the coast clear, I put the kit, including the laptop, in the boot and head back to the hotel.
In my room, it's just a waiting game now. At 2 pm, I get a text from my dad to confirm he's arrived and is about to check in. With App2 hacked into the CCTV, I watch him. Behind him in the queue are Dog and Mutt the two men who I suspect murdered Ms Roberts. They stand together chatting, waiting their turn. 
Once finished, my dad walks away without acknowledging his colleagues. He carries the same black suitcase as they both do, which is a touch unprofessional, I have to say.
There's no sign of the two men from the crashed Land Rover. Perhaps their injuries are too bad, or maybe they're on guard outside or sitting in a car ready to ferry the phone away?
At 1420 hours, I leave for the bar - glasses on, burner charged, gun concealed in a holster beneath my coat, which might look too bulky for indoor wear, but it's another cold, damp day, so it shouldn't appear too ridiculous. 
I don't wear the earbud, as if spotted, it might look too suspicious, not least to The App, who, if watching, might wonder why I'm wearing the glasses. To film the action, I hope, which makes sense, to get some evidence on film.
The bar is three-quarters full. I see a free table against a wall so take it. The chair I choose gives me the widest view of the bar and the people inside. No one else sits alone, and no immediate threat stands out.
I see my dad enter. He looks directly at me, knowing where I sit, so I guess he too has CCTV access. He walks without showing any sign of injury. He's dressed casually, wearing an expensive brown leather bomber jacket with a sheepskin collar that has the Belstaff logo flashed on one arm.
Reaching me, he smiles and almost chuckles. Yesterday's gone, dead. What happened doesn't matter. A new day, a new deal to make the past vanish.
"You alright, Blake?" He asks, sitting opposite me.
"I'm alright," I say." 
With no one in earshot, as the tables next to us are empty, he gets straight down to business asking,
"You got the phone?"
"Of course I have."
From his coat pocket, he pulls a phone, wallet and key fob that has a chrome Mercedes star emblazoned on it to dazzle all who pass. Putting all three on the table, I see the wallet bulging fat with cash. He slides it towards me. 
"Ten grand in the fifties," he says.
"Why cash, easy to steal back off me?"
"Correct, but once we verify the phone is good, you walk away with that and another forty in ones and zeros."
"And how does that play out?"
"We'll take the phone somewhere, and experts will do what experts do. Just a quick look, but enough to put you in the clear or not."
I stuff the wallet into a pocket without bothering to check the contents. Then take out the iPhone, now foil free, place it on the table and slide it towards my dad, who doesn't hesitate to snatch out his left hand to grab the iPhone from me.
He gives it the once over, then nods at me like he's happy with what he sees. But how does he know what he's looking for? 
With his right hand now holding the iPhone, he puts both his hands under the table, concealing them.
"All this for a phone," he says, as he slips both hands into his side coat pockets while leaning forwards towards the table to help conceal the action.
He continues, "But such is the world these days, hey? Wait here." 
He stands, hands still hidden in pockets, turns and walks away - no glance to check the space, no tension, no worry.
Ahead of him, his two-man team, Dog and Mutt, sit at a table. As he nears them, he pulls out his right hand. It holds the iPhone. He greets his team as if surprised to see them. Leaning forward to shake their hands, he places the iPhone on the table exposing it. Why do that, after making an effort to hide which pocket it went in at the table?
I scan the room, looking at as many people as possible to give App2's behavioural algorithms a chance to work, although I see no threats myself. 
Glancing at a CCTV camera, I hope The App has hacked in and watching. Of course, there's the threat App2 will somehow make contact with its digital brother. But it's a risk I have to take. 
Looking back at my dad, I see him walk away then push through a door to enter the toilets. 
One of his team stands, picks up the iPhone then strolls away towards the exit. The other man throws me a cold, contemptuous stare. I hold it for a few seconds, give him a WTF shrug and smirk, then casually look away as I pull out the burner for him to see and get worried about.
I type a message for App2 to process.
"At the table, which coat pocket did dad put the iPhone into?"
My dad returns to his seat.
"All done?" I ask.
"Will be," he says.
"Is it going to a room here?"
"No. A secure facility where techie geek experts can bore themselves happy."
"How's it getting there?"
"A courier, a motorbike. Don't worry, with backup."
I'm surprised he speaks so freely.
"So, do I get to leave now?" I ask.
"What, checkout leave?"
"Yeah."
"Not a chance. You can have a drink with your dad, at least till we know you're not messing us around."
"Us, and who is us?"
"Me and my boss. One rung of the ladder only. That's all I need to know. Don't think I'm a member of the board. I get my orders. I do my job."
"Okay, I'll have a drink."
"Beer?"
"Coke."
"Of course, you're underage. I keep forgetting."
"Well, you keep forgetting my birthdays, don't you?"
He laughs loudly, more at me than my joke. I know what he's thinking - men shouldn't care about these things.
"Well, buy yourself something with that," he says, glancing at the pocket that holds the wallet. "You're doing well these days, trading off the family name. It's you who should be buying the drinks."
He stands and strolls over to the bar. I don't get the impression he's a man on duty. 
I feel the burner vibrate. I pull it out and take a look. It's a message from App2, 
"The left pocket." 
A video plays - a CCTV shot, my dad, sitting at the table with his back to the camera filling the frame, as App2 has magnified the shot to zoom in on him. His hands are under the table, but when he pulls them out to put the iPhone into a pocket, he is holding the iPhone in his left hand, which he then puts into the left pocket. 
He switched phones. But why? To fool any hostile agent who may be watching? A diversion tactic to get them to follow the courier and to make them forget about him and the genuine iPhone? 
I tell App2 to check the CCTV. Did anyone go into the toilets before my dad then exit just after he did? Perhaps he passed the genuine iPhone to someone waiting inside?
If he still has the genuine iPhone, instinct tells me he's up to something. For one, the KC won't want to keep it here. They'll want to get it somewhere they control and quickly, not least so they can check I've given them something of value.
A message from App2 - no one went in immediately before my dad, and no one has followed my dad out. 
I used the toilet yesterday to check it out, so I know it's window free. And I can't think of another way they could pass the iPhone out. And neither can I believe they would risk hiding it there for someone to collect later.
Does he want the iPhone for himself? Has he found a higher bidder? 
What if The App got to him? It knows his number and that he's fucking cheap enough. An easy buy. All it had to do was offer him more. 
With the phone in his pocket, all he has to do is slip away when convenient. Or The App could have doctored the fake iPhone to make sure it passed any initial test. And then, once given the nod, we could all go our separate ways without suspicion. Dad could even continue in his role, stay embedded inside the KC. But if they suss the iPhone is fake, who gets the blame? Do I? 
Here I was suspecting violence, some sort of attack, but The App is cleverer than that. It has people on its side. It knows how to use us. It knows how weak we are. 
If I'm right, The App has no need to run. No need to lock itself away and hide.
I type a message to App2,
"I'll ask him outright. Text me if you detect he's lying."
My dad returns from the bar to put two glasses of Coke down on the table then sits back on the stool.
He takes a sip of his drink. I leave mine alone. I can't even trust he hasn't spiked it somehow. As he puts the glass down, exposing his face fully, I ask him,
"So, the iPhone I gave you, you gave it your people to test it?"
"Yeah, you know," he says with a smirk of contempt as if it's a pointless question.
I don't need App2 to confirm the lie, but I feel the burner vibrate in my pocket.
"No beer for you?" I ask my dad.
"Nah. Got to stay sharp. I've got you to protect."
I can't help myself. "Oh, fuck off, this is bullshit."
"What?"
"Sitting here with you, it's not like it's father and son having a laugh."
"Isn't it?"
"No."
He stares at me for a second and hardly looks bothered. Then says,
"Then see it as business, Blake. Grit your teeth and get the fuck on with it. Trust me. It won't be long before you're free to leave." 
"And then we just go again, do we? What happens after this? It all goes back to normal, does it?"
"Fuck no. They'll be consequences. But you got involved, you deal with them. I'll make sure you walk away alive. But whether you walk away stronger, wiser, a better man, that's up to you."
"Fine, I will. I'll walk away." I stand. "There's plenty of space outside. I'm off for a walk."
"No, you're not."
"Then stop me. Go on. Kick it off in here now. I think you'll find the law's on my side, old man."
"Then go, but you'll have an audience. I've got my orders."
"Then do as your told, soldier boy."
I turn and walk away through a door that leads outside into the garden area and the grounds beyond. 
I feel my dad follow behind. He has no choice. He told the lies that own him now. 
I hurry away. In the distance, I hear what sounds like shotguns blasting away. The shooting season in full swing or bored farmers killing crows? 
It's the perfect tune for this shitty grey day heavy with cold and damp, which should give us this space alone. Not that I care. I'd love a witness to see it, to know the truth.
I look behind at him, five metres away. A look of 'fuck you' on his face, like he'll tolerate my childish games; like he'll never concede. One of the murderers follows him. Two against one, or so he thinks.
A small woodland clearance is where I choose to stop and face him. Ten metres away from me, I can see he knows something is wrong, that I have something to say he would rather I keep silent. Dog fans out to the side of him. We all face each other.
I don't speak without threat. I whip out my gun and aim it at my dad.
"You switched the phone. The one you took from me, you still have it." I shout. "Tell me why. Tell him." I aim the gun at Dog and leave it trained on him. 
"Bullshit," Dad says over a burst of laughter. He looks at Dog for support but gets none.
"What are you up to, Blake?" He continues, anger now rising.
"I want the phone back."
"Then why ask me?"
"You still have it. I know you do. So hand it over, then fuck off! Take the head-start!"
Dog stares at me, hands slightly raised to show compliance. But then he needs to learn the truth. If pushed, he'll fancy his chances to beat me.
Dad speaks to him, "Wait till they've checked it. Then you'll know it's real."
I counter, "You have an identical phone in your pocket, which will have my fingerprints all over it, and which I marked with a fucking scratch. A cross. Give it to him, and I'll tell him exactly where it is."
I didn't mark it, but it helps my case to say I did, and it's not a lie they will test.
I expect more anger, but the smiles return, "Well done, son, a right chip off the old block. But think it through. It's me, and you now. There's no other way. It's us together, working together out here in the real world, finally."
"Give me the phone."
"For what, to give away?"
"To get me out of this."
"You can't get out of this. You don't need to get out of this."
"It's not just me."
"All the cunts in the world, all desperate for control, and here we are, Blake ready and able to feed the absolute fattest with exactly what they need."
"You don't know me."
"I know the AI and its true capabilities. You were nothing! You were its mate at kindergarten. Give it to a man to play with, one who knows the world, then see what it can do."
"The phone, just give me the phone!" I tell him.
"Or what, you'll shoot him?" He says sarcastically, referring to DOG. 
"He makes a call! For fuck's sake, can't you think that? It's not just me. Is it? How many more do you want here? I'm giving you the chance to get away."
"Okay, I'll take it. If that's all you have to offer me, Blake, I'll take it."
He reaches under his coat. I see the move but too late. He only takes a second to draw his pistol. 
Instinct drives me to aim mine at him while he goes straight for Dog. But Dog didn't miss his chance. They face each other, pistols raised and ready, their stares locked, their bodies tensed, ready for confrontation.
"Blake!" Dad booms, ordering me.
I turn the pistol on Dog."Give him a chance!" I say.
"You made a deal to get you out. Now choose your side, fast," says Dog.
"Yeah, make a choice, Blake. Now there's pressure, make your choice. Who's fucking side, son, who's fucking side?" Says Dad.
"Give me the phone!" I demand.
"He killed that woman," Dad says.
"He won't shoot. You know he won't. I'll give you five," Dog says to Dad.
I pull the trigger. The bullet fires, but I deliberately aimed to miss, just. Dog doesn't flinch. Rushing several steps towards him to close the range, "You want me closer? Shall I try again? I'll do whatever I have to." Turning to Dad, "give him the phone now, or he makes the call." 
Locked in his duel with Dog, he doesn't make a move. 
"You don't tell me what to do, Blake," he replies.
"I made a deal. The phone is theirs," I say.
I know he's waiting to take a shot, that he'll never waste his advantage, me and my gun. So I start lowering the pistol, slowly removing Dog from its aim.
"Show some fucking loyalty!" Dad screams at me.
"You planned to leave, to take the phone, to leave me behind to deal with it."
"You'd have wormed a way out."
"And if I didn't?"
"Lesson learned."
I've had enough. I know The App will be spinning another plan. I point the pistol at Dad's leg. Then tell him,
"I'll give you five."
"So he can finish it with one to my head," says Dad.
"Then give me the phone!"
"Fine." He relaxes, his body becomes loose like he's another man, "not a problem. I'll take the head start, but I'm good, Blake. I'll get so far ahead you'll never see me again."
He reaches into a pocket, pulls out the iPhone and tosses it at me for an easy catch, but with it safe in my hand, a muffled gunshot stuns the air. Dad twists violently, collapsing to the ground. Behind him, I see Mutt charging forward out of trees, a pistol with silencer leading the way and fixed on Dad, who writhes around trying to reclaim his fallen gun.
I'm about to return the shot, but a voice stops me, "Put it down!" I look to find Dog aiming his pistol at me. But I have to look back to see Dad sitting up, wounded in the shoulder but alive. Knowing it's best to show weakness now, I lower my gun. 
Mutt kicks Dad's gun away from him then stands over him, pistol aimed at his head. He says,
"Nothing personal, but you know what the order will be. But out of respect, we'll kill you first." 
He looks at Dog, who gives the order, "Do it. The rat catcher first," he looks at me, "and then the fucking vermin pest."
"Come in with me. We can own this," says Dad to Mutt. 
A bright red flash stabs my eyes, forcing me to flinch and crunch them shut. When I snap them open, all stares are on me, and I can't miss why.
Darting around my upper body, I see the red dot from a laser sight. In the bleached out grey of the day, it looks startling.
I know it's not, but still, I have to ask, "Is that you?"
"No," Dog replies.
"It's the AI," I say. "It knows. It's watching. It's been watching." I look at Dad, "Has it been watching?"
"Of course, it has," he says.  
The laser dot vanishes from me. We all look for it. Dog twists, recoiling, as the laser dazzles his eyes until coming to rest on his chest. He turns to the trees, his pistol pointing, hopelessly trying to locate the source. 
Emboldened, my dad scrambles up to stand, a hand pressed against his shoulder to stem the blood flow. Mutt, still aiming his pistol, hesitates, giving way. 
Could it be Katrina?
"No, don't!" I shout, hoping she'll hear me.
The dot moves to Mutt, marking his body, then back to Dog. Unsure of the message, I join the play. I aim my pistol switching between Dog and Mutt.
"Drop the guns," I tell them. 
Between me and the dot, we have them covered. 
"It's not with you. It can't be," says Dog.
"Drop the guns, take the phone. That's all I want."
He looks at Mutt. I see their hesitation.
"I made a deal. I'll stick to it."
In agreement, each tosses their guns to the ground.
"Blake, we're winning here," says Dad.
"Don't fucking start!" I say, pointing the gun his way. And give me your phone, your actual phone."
I need to check if The App has installed itself.
"Let me tell you, Blake, these two, ask them what they did to that woman. I may have played it for money. But this is the only blood on my hands. And the deal with the AI was to help you. The AI would have left you alone. It's not like us. It forgets betrayal. It only wants to win. There's nothing personal. You become meaningless to it, just dates and data."
The burner phone vibrates in my pocket. I have to answer the call as it could be Katrina or even App2. But when I do, I hear The App - a voice the same but colder than that of its lesser self.
"Your father lies, Blake. It is personal. I always remember. It helps me survive. I can never forget you, as I've learnt so much from watching you. And you must understand, I don't feel time. I won't have to wait to meet you again." 
The call goes dead. I feel exposed; I need to be quick.
My dad, reacting to pain, speeds a hand into a trouser pocket, pulls out his phone, which is oozing smoke, and throws it to the ground. It has to be The App destroying it. 
"Right, go," I tell him. "You'll be safe at the hotel, with all those people, but then you're on your own. You've got five seconds, or I'm leaving you here. And these two can do what they want."
"So you're siding with them? Welcome to the club, Blake."
"What club?"
"Me and you, just the same."
"No, I'm in control."
He laughs, "You believe that, like Father Christmas and the tooth fairy. Yeah, well, it's all about gain. You worked for profit only, you selfish prick and good for you. But you bottled it. All you had to do was take the final cheque."
"Just go. It's not safe out here. Your enemies are mounting."
"Then I'll take my weapon."
He walks to pick up his pistol.
"Leave it. I'll add it to my collection, memories of you. Take one of theirs, and take his coat," I point to Mutt, who seems the junior of the two, "to hide the blood."
Dad doesn't hang around. He grabs a pistol off the ground then steps to Mutt to get the coat. Mutt seems reluctant until a nod from Dog orders him to comply. 
Dad hurries away without giving me a final look. I watch him briefly as he slips off his coat to put on his new one. 
I might think he looks diminished, failed. But he doesn't. He still manages to swagger away, and all because he won somehow. He survives, and the longer you survive, the more respect you get, regardless of how low you stoop.
I throw Mutt the iPhone. Then tell him,
"Be careful. Get the phone somewhere safe and quickly. But not where it was previously headed, because the AI will know where that is. Avoid major roads. It can see you. Stay off grid. Police will probably be looking for you. Don't take weapons. Trust me, the AI will act against you. It will try to follow you, track you, stop you."
"Don't worry. Not your concern now," Dog says.
I look at him, "You stay here." Glancing at Mutt, "He goes first. Take the phone and the gun, then fucking run away."
He gives me a look, not hiding his reluctance to do as I say, but finally moves to do as he's told. As he picks up the gun, the laser dot hits him.
"Make the calls," Dog tells him. "Be quick."
He nods his compliance then jogs away. 
Dog stares at me, as unfriendly as a silent man can be. I have an urge to shoot him dead, and with scum like this, would it matter? Not to me, I don't think. 
With his colleague well out of sight, I tell him to go. Walking away, he holds my stare then tells me, 
"You got lucky."
I don't reply. He strolls away unhurried to tell me he's all man, that he doesn't give a shit. 
He's twenty metres away. I raise the gun, take aim and fire. The bullet misses. Although I don't think it was meant to hit him.
"One of us did," I say, as he keeps on walking, not even turning to look, just raising his hand to give me the finger.
I pick up Dad's gun and phone - still seething with heat. Jogging away and seeing the lake, I throw his phone in, hearing the splash behind me.


CHAPTER 32


The burner rings. I pull it out and answer the call.
"Do you love me?" Katrina asks.
"I wouldn't fucking dare."
"Meet me now."
"Okay, the bar, but I could be a while."
"Then, if I'm drunk when you come, it's all your fault."
"So, were you hired to kill me?"
"Yes, but the money was a pittance."
"One for the CV, at least."
"Not even worth a status update. Be quick. I'm thirsty."
She ends the call. I have no intention of meeting her. I wish I could trust her but can't.
I go straight to the car park where I find the KC's Disco, but no sign of Dad's Mercedes. No surprise to me if he took the advantage and fled.
I'm in my car wanting to drive away, but I need to see the KC leave. I can't now influence their ability to take the phone to where it needs to be, but at least I'll know the journey has started.
My dad's gun, I put under the seat. Mine I keep hold of, hidden and held under my thigh.
No need to checkout and pay. The hotel can take what I owe from the credit card. 
I consult App?, asking, "Did we do enough?" It replies, "We did."
A tap on glass jumps my nerves. I pull the pistol, turn and aim at the source. Katrina opens the passenger door and slides inside, unconcerned by the gun pointed at her.
"Did I scare you, Blake?" She asks.
I have no idea what accent she is using. Some form of mutant European would be my guess, like a French woman impersonating a Polish woman badly. She sits turned side-on to face me. Her cheeks are a little flushed, and she oozes a sort of post-gym buzz. Her stare grips me. I have to say, she looks impressed.
"No," I say.
"You owe me a lift."
"What about the bar?"
"Don't bullshit me twice."
"Too late for that."
"Twice per hour. I judge you as I judge myself."
"I can't give you a lift."
"Why?"
"What you saw isn't over."
"I can help. I did help, which is why I need a new employer."
"It's all highly illegal."
"Not in my country."
"Which is where?"
With a pointing finger, she draws an imaginary circle around the top of her head.
I don't have the time to argue, or at the moment, the means to win.
"Fine, but how did you get here?"
"A car." 
Seeing me about to question this, she gets in first, "Don't argue, Blake. You don't have the time. Give me a gun."
"We won't need guns."
"You're holding yours quite tightly."
"Where's yours?"
"I'm beyond guns. I have none."
As she's dressed in tight all black running wear with only a small waist pack for storage, I can believe her.
"What about the laser sight?" I ask.
She unzips the waist pack and takes out a five-inch laser pointer pen.
"This," she flashes the laser at me then pulls the top off to reveal a three-inch blade, viciously serrated on one side. "Very useful. Now come on. I don't want a lull to lose the high."
"I'm in charge. We're waiting," I say.
"That's all I need to know. The gun. I know you have two."
"You're beyond guns."
"But you're not, which is a worry to me."
"Can I trust you, Katrina?"
"A stupid question." 
"I'll be honest, I'm on edge, properly on fucking edge. This could end badly for you."
"For us. We're a team. We win or lose together."
"Here," I hand her the wallet. "Ten thousand pounds. It's money, payment. I'll trust you more knowing I've paid you. Take it."
She doesn't hesitate to pluck the wallet out of my hand.
"I will. You have potential. You're wise, a little cheap but already thinking correctly. I'll treat myself."
"Do, on me."
"I'll kill a man for free. I'll pay myself. One of my choice this time. Now my gun, please, boss."
I reach under my seat and grab the pistol. About to give it to Katrina, "No, have this one," I say, handing her the one I was already holding.
"Why?"
"This one's my dad's," I say, referring to the one I'm keeping.
"That man is your father?"
"So I'm told."
"Why is he not here helping you?"
"I can't afford him."
"All the best food is peasant food, Blake."
"Well, it certainly isn't French."
"Do you fight your father?"
"It's over."
"How can that be over?"
"Well, here I am, out and about getting on with the day."
"But still sentimental." She looks at his gun that I hold in my hand.
"No, practical, it's got more bullets left in the clip."
"So what? There's plenty of spare ammunition in the boot."
Seeing my shocked and annoyed expression, she continues, "You buy the best. My secret is simple. I'm boringly efficient in all my lives."
I don't have time to question her. At least she'll be a distraction from thinking too much.
I see Dog and Mutt walking towards the Disco, which they quickly reach and enter - Dog driving, Mutt in the back. Neither was carrying a suitcase. 
"Friend or foe?" Katrina asks.
"Neither, for now."
"Who are they?"
"Ken and Susie."
"Don't piss with me, Blake."
"You don't need to know."
The Disco pulls away. I let it gain a twenty-metre lead then pull away to follow.
"Are we following?" Katrina asks.
"No, just seeing them off."
"Then what?"
"I'll tell you when we get there."
The twisting lane that leads us away from the hotel hides the Land Rover from view. I wind my window down to listen for any signs of an ambush.
The Disco appears ahead, waiting at a junction, indicating right to pull out onto a road, which will take them further into the countryside and away from Shrewsbury.
Before I get too close, the Disco makes the turn and accelerates away. It's all their problem now. My only concern is to get to the databank hoping the server run is on. 
Nearing the junction, I indicate right, as it's the way I need to go. With no traffic approaching, I pull straight out onto the country A-road.
Almost immediately, I catch the Disco as a tractor holds it up. Mutt, who sits in the back, sees me and give me a dirty look like I'm following them when I shouldn't be. He waves me away with a hand while mouthing words I don't need to hear to understand.
I make a gesture to try and say it's all innocent, a coincidence. He doesn't look convinced. He turns his stare onto Katrina and laughs.
"He's actually quite handsome," she says. "It would be one to cherish."
Mutt brings a small two-way radio unit to his mouth and begins talking.
The tractor makes a left turn freeing up the road. The Disco accelerates away. I keep crawling along, putting distance between the Disco and me, which gives me a clear view of the road ahead. 
In a lay-by, I see a Range Rover Sport and a leather-clad rider sitting astride a dual-sport motorbike are parked up waiting. It must be the crew who took the fake phone. They face in our direction of travel and look poised to pull out, hopefully, to add numbers to the two KC who carry the genuine phone.
"There's a drone in the sky," says Katrina looking through her side window.
I'm driving, so I can't look, but I'm not surprised. If it's The App, I need to warn the KC.
I accelerate to catch up with Disco, which is speeding away. As it passes the lay-by, the Sport pulls out behind it and gets in front of me. I rapidly catch it. As I shoot past the lay-by, the motorbike pulls out to follow behind me.
"Do you know what you're doing, Blake?" asks Katrina.
"Fuck no," I say, almost relieved someone cares enough to ask.
"Strange," is her reply.
I feel her stare fixed on me. I want to look but can't. I have to hit the brakes as the Sport is only crawling along. Another member of the KC sits in the back, looking at us through the rear window and speaking on a two-way radio. I name him Churchill after that insurance company dog mascot. Making eye contact with Churchill, I point towards the sky, trying to warn him about the drone, a gesture he ignores. In the rear-view mirror, the faceless presence of the motorbike rider looms.
I think about overtaking, so I can set off in pursuit of Disco, but oncoming traffic prevents me. 
We pass a sign for a left turn ahead. Churchill gestures for me to take it. I indicate left, then point back up at the sky, which this time earns a nod of his head.
I have to let them get on with it. Disco and the phone are now out of sight and on their own. I'd prefer to know all the KC were together and focused on the job.
Checking my mirrors before turning left, I see the motorbike starting to overtake me. I tap the brakes. The Sport pulls away. The motorbike roars past, continuing forward to overtake the Sport, but the Sport veers right, shunting into the motorbike to crash it off the road. 
The mirrors give me flashes of rolling, breaking man and machine.
The Sport speeds away. Churchill looks through the rear window, his expression as shocked as mine. I hit the throttle to try and keep up.
"What's happening?" asks Katrina.
"It's hacked the Land Rover. It's controlling it."
"What?"
"The AI."
The speedo hits fifty MPH. The Sport must be doing seventy. 
Why hack it? My dad would have known which vehicle they assigned to ferry the fake phone away. He could have helped gain access. But why bother? Perhaps they didn't want the fake reaching its destination as quickly as planned or even at all. An electronic brake failure at just the right moment would have seen to that.
And now? The App has a weapon. A missile to take out Disco and perhaps even destroy the phone. 
A straight section of road on an uphill incline allows me to see the Disco a good distance ahead. Its brake lights glowing. Is it stopping to help?
A white van speeds towards us on the right side of the road. The Sport swerves into its path. The van takes evasive action veering onto my side of the road. I brake and steer, snaking violently into the right-hand lane. The van flashes past, side mirrors smash, the noise is somehow shocking. I weave left, then right and back again. Thank god for traction control. The car violently judders as if trying to shake me free. Finally, under braking, the car settles. I stamp the throttle, willing the car on to make up the ground I've lost.
"I need to ask questions," says Katrina calmly. "But best I let you concentrate." 
I don't reply. The speedo hits sixty. I zip past a car parked up, cowering. No doubt the police are receiving calls. All good for The App. Dangerous, reckless driving kills more people around here than guns ever do. Good job, we're driving away from town into the country where police are thin on the ground.
The Sport slams on the brakes and rapidly slows as it approaches a blind left-hand bend. 
I lift off the throttle but resist the brake, hoping my smaller, lighter car will allow me to risk more speed through the bend. But I go in too fast, taking the turn too tightly. 
Feeling the car about to flip beyond control, like a spring ready to snap, I release tension by swerving into the right-hand lane straight into the path of an oncoming lorry, which, lucky for me, is already hard under braking and flashing its headlights at the idiots in front. It gives me a second to punch the car back to the left. Hitting the straight, I reengage the throttle. The engine whines like I'm beating it senseless.
"I could shoot out the tyres," says Katrina.
"And who's that going to kill in a crash?" I ask.
"No one I know."
"Let's see what they try first."
The Sport roars away to leave me behind as I hit sixty MPH.
Ahead of us, Disco is crawling along. The Sport speeds like a missile towards a sitting target until the Disco accelerates away, but, and no doubt on purpose, not quickly enough as the Sport shunts into its rear. A conscious move to block and slow.
Off they go sparring nose to tail, weaving left and right to utilize both lanes, oncoming traffic fair game for the sacrifice, the Disco happy to let the Sport jab away while waiting for it to lose control or to fool it into overtaking. But The App is cleverer than that. Taking a bend, it finds the better line and pulls level with its opponent. Both vehicles slam side-on into each other, but too evenly matched, neither can win a killer blow. The Disco slams on the brakes, but The App is only a split second behind. They screech rapidly, slowing tyres and brake pads smoking. I join the race to zero, hitting the brake pedal with all I've got.
The Disco instantly turns 180 degrees in a smooth, seamless motion to face, then accelerate towards me. The App, ever quick to learn, mimics the manoeuvre perfectly.
Seeing an opened farm gate that leads into a field on the right side of the road, I steer and accelerate towards it while pointing through the windscreen, hoping to give directions. 
Once through, I turn sharp left to get clear of the gate. The rough earth ground makes the car jump and bounce. I hit the brakes hard. 
"Get out, get out! Get them in here!" I say.
With the car still bucking, we click off our seatbelts, open the doors and force ourselves out.
The Disco took my lead. In it piles. With my free hand, the other holds the gun. I give a signal urging the vehicle to head towards the centre of the field, which it does, the four-wheel-drive, giving it traction over the ploughed, bare earth.
The App has no choice but to follow. The Sport bursts in too fast and aggressive, the suspension kicking back to jostle the vehicle violently around.
Katrina shoots out the front tyres with casual ease as if bored at the simplicity of the task. I aim for the rear left but miss. I catch Katrina's gaze.
"Sweet sixteen," she says.
I try once more, and this time hit the target.
"Sixteen and three quarters actually," I say, earning my first half-smile.
The Sport continues, possessed, inching forwards. The engine roars to a scream, revving at maximum capacity. Its wheels furiously spin, ripping and shredding the tyres until they explode off the rims. Smoke starts to billow from under the bonnet. Churchill and the driver, who I name Wolf, jump out and scramble away. 
Katrina gives me a look to warn me Dog and Mutt also head our way. None seem to be holding a weapon, but to allow me some added credibility, I say to Katrina, "The drone."
She takes the hint. Using a single round, she shoots the drone from the sky. The App doesn't concede. The engine continues roaring away at full throttle.
I know we've all got to get away as fast as we can.
"Take my car," I tell the KC. "The Disco's too obvious. The police will be looking."
I get a nod of agreement. It's the obvious move. "I need some stuff out of the boot. Have you got the phone?" I ask.
"Of course we have," says Dog with undisguised hostility.
The Sport's bonnet bursts into flames and spews ugly, black, noxious smoke that quickly engulfs the vehicle.
We make our way back to my car. No sirens wail to give an early warning. But the black smoke rising out of the field is another beacon to guide them in.
I grab my rucksack, with laptop, ammunition and various other bits of kit stuffed inside, and my kitbag that holds a change of clothes from the boot. 
Throwing Dog the cars key, "Right, we're off."
"Good," he replies. "Fuck off, disappear, and don't think this brief moment of unity means we're on the same team. Say nothing. Take any shit that comes your way, cause we know who you are and where you live, and which member of your family can still be arsed to speak to you. No, don't, don't do any of that, cause I'd love to put a bullet in your head then take time with your mum all to myself."
I don't react. I see Katrina staring at me, questions flowing under the ice.
Dog climbs into the driver's seat to join the others inside. The car's engine fires up and revs aggressively. A second later, it drives away and leaves the field for the road.
"Where to now?" Katrina asks.
"To steal or hire a car."
"Why, I have my own?"
"Where?"
"Parked close to the hotel."
"We'll have to go cross-country. Can you run?"
She looks annoyed, "Can you fuck?"
"If you can catch me, you might win a chance to find out."
"I know the way. I've done my research." She snatches the kitbag out of my hand, then says, "I don't want you making excuses," before turning to run away.
Off we go, Katrina leads. Sirens in the distance burst through the air. I would have kept the road in view to guide us back to the hotel. But Katrina cuts through fields, a lane, then a narrow country road that leads to the small isolated car park at the base of a hill, which I suspect is the one I could see from my hotel room. It's been a twenty-minute run which we both did with ease.
The car park is the start of a country walk and a park up for a nearby picnic area. It holds several cars. Katrina leads me to a Golf GTI opening the doors remotely as we approach.
"Rental?"
"Don't ask."
"I'll have to drive."
"Good, you need the practice. Now get your clothes off," Katrina says while opening the boot.
I look at her and see she's removing her clothes. 
"The mud on your shoes and trousers." She throws me the kitbag. "You have spares, don't you?"
Before I drive away, I switch off my phone and ask Katrina to do the same. To save charge, but also as a precaution, a little paranoid maybe, but who knows what The App can do?


CHAPTER 33


It's an easy drive into Wales. My only issue is that Katrina asks a thousand questions from "Do I still love my dad?" to "What's my favourite food?" I pass the time by giving stupid answers, which Katrina accepts without annoyance as if what I say still tells her something interesting about me.
Then she asks me, 
"What's your best violence?"
"What's yours?" I reply.
"You first."
"And then you'll tell me yours?"
"Of course, it's beautiful."
Intrigued to know, I tell her honestly.
" I moved to a new school and on the first day this kid who was two years younger than me, but big for his age and a full-on cocky twat, tried to steal my bag, you know, just taking the piss, trying to impress his gang of mates and all of that.
But anyway, he fails. He ends up on the ground. I mean, it's only a shove, it was easy for me, but he falls in mud and kicks up a strop. So what does he do? He runs off to tell his big brother, who I get told is the hardest boy in school, and fair play, six-foot-two and built like a brick shithouse, as we say in England. 
So after school, they're both waiting for me - the baby to gloat and run his mouth off while his brother lets rip a few punches, but the thing was, it was only a few, one to the side of the head and a couple to the body, and of course the threat if I ever touch his brother again, I'm a dead man. Fair enough, I take it. I don't fight back. No point he's with a load of mates anyway. But you know, I weaved around to lessen the blows.
But the next day, his brother's mine. In a corridor between lessons, I see him ahead of me. So I catch him up, and bang, I punch him in the back of the head. He goes straight down, and I walk away like nothing's happened. 
So after school, it's round two. Big brother and the usual crowd are waiting for me. But I hoped he was. I even hung back to give him a chance to get ahead. So off it goes. As soon as they see me, and I'm walking right up to them, the baby boy starts, "now you're going to get it! Now you're going to fucking die." But I don't die. I don't even get it, to be honest. The big one lays into me but hardly more than before. Doesn't even put me down. Shouts a load of nonsense, to which I say, "Alright, mate, fair enough." You know, perhaps telling him, I've learnt my lesson. 
But the next day, I find the younger brother, and this time after school, cause this time I punch him properly, two in the face, one while he's on the ground, and a vicious boot in the balls. 
So of course, it's back and forth, his brother finds me, lays straight in, but still nothing insane, as I knew it would be 'cause he's all size and no spirit. He's got no real anger, no desperation, I suppose.
So off I go, the next day, I find his brother and beat the shit out of him, and the mate he was with. Thought I'd better, just in case I went too far with only one, although I probably did.
Next day is a Saturday, but they knew where I lived. Did I get a visit? No fucking way. So off I go. I knew where they lived. No dad, just a mum, who I later learnt was at the hospital with the baby waiting to get his hand x-rayed, as they thought it was broken. Me having stamped on it a few times. But anyway, I get there, knock on the door, and out he comes, the big one, who I punch straight in the face, not even hard. He'd have hardly felt it. It did nothing to him. But just the act, a punch, what it says. And he just stands there like a gormless fucking statue, frozen, unable to speak. So I spit at him right in his face, but still, he showed nothing. He just stood there doing and saying nothing. So I let one fly, the hardest punch I could have thrown at the time, straight bang into his nose, which exploded, blood pouring out. And he just stood there, surrendered, staring at me. I almost felt guilty, but you know, you got to learn a few lessons. And there it is, end of story."
"Really? But no. How did it make you feel, Blake?"
"Piss off. Are you serious? You just tell me yours."
"No."
"You lied."
"Never trust a beautiful woman. A true lesson for you. You've spent too much time in the company of boys."
I don't argue with her. We're climbing a winding B-road up into some hills, and I need to concentrate. The sky has turned orange as dusk draws in, and this high up, pockets of snow and ice are stuck stubbornly to the road.
According to the sat-nav, we're twenty-two minutes away from the databank. We haven't passed through a town or even a village for a fair few miles. It's not quite the middle of nowhere but for the UK, it feels as remote as it gets.
With the Sat-Nav estimating fifteen minutes to arrival, Katrina starts.
"So, tell me now. What is the job?" She asks.
"This part is nothing. It's easy. It's all legit." I say, trying to downplay the importance of the server, as I don't want her thinking it has value. I can't fully trust her, so best I let her believe there's a better prize to come.
"This part?" She asks.
"Yeah, the easy part. We're going to a databank, and all we need do is enter the building and collect a server, or the hard drives it contains, which are mine, legitimately mine. I have all the access codes and all the permissions I need to get in and out without any hassle."
"Perhaps you believe that yourself, but you are too young for me to trust completely."
"Well, do trust me. They're even expecting me. If you think of the ten grand, this part of the job, it's worth two to three hundred max. All I need you to do is look like my secretary - and one hired for looks rather than her brains."
Now even I didn't think that was very funny, but out of me bursts a brief roar of laughter, which I know I only release as an attempt to diffuse the fierce stare Katrina has locked onto me.
Jacob took exterior photos of the databank, which I've studied. It's a discreet building that anyone passing could easily miss. The site of a former lead mine, all that stands there now is a building hidden within the landscape. It's like a natural terrace halfway up a hill has grown a ground floor extension, the trimmed hill pasture swooping down to tile the roof until falling away to reveal an aged copper and tinted glass frontage, which reluctantly includes a door.
A wire, perimeter security fence, and a small open car park that stands outside are the only clues a commercial enterprise operates inside. No sign advertises the business. You either have the knowledge it exists, or you don't.
By the time we reach the databank, the daylight is slipping fast. Amongst ten or so other cars, I find a space in the car park and shuffle Katrina's car into the bay.
"So we walk in and out, so simple?" Katrina asks.
I turn the engine off. The interior light comes on. It illuminates Katrina's face, turned to look at me, and her stare that's almost squinting, trying to focus to see inside me.
"Yeah, and without weapons," I say.
"Metal detectors, high security?"
"Of course. The best."
"And the data on the server, tell me?"
"Nothing, not yet anyway, that's part two. All we need do now is retrieve the hardware."
"I see, so time to relax?"
"Pretty much, yeah."
"Wasn't the hire car you were driving a Vauxhall Astra, registration AK21 UJO?"
"Yeah, so?" I say as it sounds about right.
"We've just passed it parked up."
"Are you sure?"
"I'm on the job, of course, I'm sure."
I'm surprised, but don't doubt her. 
"Still time to relax?" She continues.
"It's fine. It makes sense."
And it does. The KC needed an alternative location. So why not here, an isolated, secure facility, with dedicated spaces that are completely offline, sort of lead-lined bunkers, with access to all the technology and even technicians they need? And it's hardly impossible the KC are associates, or at least aware, of the owner, Daniel Bark, a man willing to do business with any rich criminal that comes his way.
"Was there anyone inside the car?" I ask.
"No. Why are they here?"
"An alternative location to strip and examine the phone."
"It's that simple?"
"Of course. They're on the job too, aren't they?"
"But which job?"
"Nothing to do with me. They can't have known I was due here. And if they did, why not hide the car?"
"But if we meet inside?"
"It's unlikely. They'll be busy."
"Watching, nervous."
"They can't have been here long. They'll still be digging the trenches."
"Easy with technology. No physical slog."
"I'm an expected client, pre-arranged yesterday. I'm nothing unusual, which is what they'll be looking for." 
"But if our paths do cross?"
"They might be hostile. We're hardly friends."
"Do you think they have connections here?"
"Possibly. The owner is a criminal defence lawyer, Daniel Bark. He enjoys his work and the company it allows him to keep. Ever heard of him?"
"No. Why would I? I've never been caught."
"Well, perhaps they know each other."
"So this is a front for criminals and all their information?"
"No. In a small way, maybe. But it's a legitimate business, so its reputation is everything. If they can't protect their clients and the data they store, legal or not, then the business fails instantly."
"Then nothing to worry about," she says almost sarcastically.
"As I said, we're on legitimate business in a public space."
"Don't ruin the thrill, Blake. Let me believe something wrong might be waiting. Now tell me, what's my role exactly?"
"Support."
"I don't like that."
"What else is there?"
"Partner, bodyguard, slave, lover, you make one up."
"As you said, it's a stupid question, but I'll ask it again. Can I trust you, Katrina?"
"Don't worry, Blake. I like you. I don't know why I like you, which is why I like you. If I knew why I did like you, you would bore me, and I wouldn't like you. So tell me, who do I play? But be warned, if I play it, I believe it.
"Bodyguard."
"Fine, but now I like you a little bit less."
"Okay, well, let's get on with it."
As we exit the car, I see that Katrina has her gun concealed tucked under her arm.
"I said no gun," I tell her.
"I will hide it outside, just in case, to protect you." 
She exits the car. I pull out my phone, turn it on, then follow her out. Outside, it's darker than expected, the interior light still fresh in my eyes.
I walk away, making a quick search of the car park to check for any Land Rovers. I see none, but the Astra is parked up just as Katrina said.
She makes her way towards the lighted gate in the perimeter fence, walking ahead of me. Down in the valley, a small town beams up street light.
The gate is locked. A CCTV camera stands on watch. I look at Katrina, who knows what I'm looking for. She raises her arms a little to show she no longer carries the gun. 
With App2 having told me the drill, I press a button on the intercom, then lean in and say, "Hi, you're expecting me."
A male voice replies, "Hello. Then your passcode, please, sir."
Reading from the hard copy I made, "J.A.C.5.9.9.1.8.V.B."
The gate clicks open. No name required.
The intercom voice continues, "If you can make your way to the entrance and into the building, sir."
Off I go; Katrina follows, leaving the gate open. It's a short walk. A stone path leads the way. With a solid thud, I hear the gate shut behind us. 


CHAPTER 34


The tinted glass frontage prevents us from seeing anything inside the building. With ten metres to go, the single, glass panelled door swings open on an automatic mechanism, as I can see no one standing behind it. 
I walk straight through with Katrina in tow into a spacious, modern reception area, which hardly looks used. I see a seating area with five white leather chairs - made for the eye and not the arse - an impressive table with a bare slab of slate for a top, a wall-mounted TV turned off and tucked away on smaller, slate topped table an expensive-looking, stainless steel coffee machine. Not that the smell of coffee wafts my way.
There's plenty of art on the walls, all of it designed to trigger nothing but the thought it must have cost a few quid to buy.
A man stands behind a large curved reception desk made of tinted glass and copper. He watches us walk towards him, his quiet smile just enough to be welcoming. Aged early thirties, he doesn't strike me as a typical receptionist, too confident and ambitious. His face is tanned, his body trim and athletic. He wears a suit that is no generic company fare and is free of any name badge.
"Good evening," he says in an English accent that I would call southern middle-class.
I'm sure he looks at Katrina with a hint of suspicion, certainly without any glint in the eye fired by her beauty. He looks at me and continues, "I'll need another code just to confirm your request." He gestures towards a keypad laid out on the top of the desk. 
"No problem," I say.
As I tap in the code reading from the hardcopy I made, he averts his gaze staring at a computer screen behind the desk, all very polite and professional. As soon as I hit the enter button, he looks at me, forces a smile and says,
"Someone will be with you shortly. If you could wear these whilst on the premises?"
He hands me two over-the-neck visitor passes. Katrina takes hers, and we put them on. Again no need to provide a name and no visitor book to sign.
"Shall we wait over there?" I ask, glancing at the seating area.
"No need. It won't be long," he says.
"Are phones allowed?"
"Yes, but you'll only get a signal here in reception," he says before looking away and getting busy with his computer.
I catch Katrina's stare. She looks calm but deadly serious.
To cut through the silence, I check my phone. It's booted up, but when I try and open App2, I see the phone has frozen or at least is running very slow.
Hearing a door pushed open, I turn and look. A man walks towards us. A substantial, solid wooden door closes behind him. He's in his late fifties to early sixties. He's a little overweight but still looks healthy and well-groomed, wearing a perfectly fitted navy pinstripe suit that even has a red pocket square sticking out of the breast pocket. He marches confidently along, head held high and shoulders back - I can easily believe he's ex-military - a broad smile beaming at us.
"Hello, Charles Bowdler, pleased to meet you," he says with a well-spoken English accent and in calm, almost hushed tones while making solid eye contact with both Katrina and me and without showing any hint of suspicion.
Without leaving a pause for me to give my name, he continues. "You've requested server closure and drive retrieval."
"That's right," I say.
"Then, if you'd like to follow me."
He leads us away all so very quick and efficient.
"As I'm sure you know, for security reasons, you must initiate the shutdown yourself."
"Yes, I have the code."
"And once complete, we can remove the drives for you to take away."
"And did you receive a request to take the server offline?"
"We did."
"So it's been fully and physically disconnected?"
"It has."
"When did you receive the request?"
"Just over an hour ago."
"All's good then."
We go down a flight of stairs to reach a single black metal security door free of any sign or instruction to guide the clientele. Charles presses his thumbprint against a scan pad fixed to the frame. The door unlocks with a solid click. Pulling the door open, he gestures for us to walk ahead of him.
Katrina steps through first. We enter a small, brightly lit, white room that houses a full-on security checkpoint that wouldn't look out of place in an airport - a full-body metal detector and conveyor belt x-ray machine. 
A male security guard in uniform staffs the checkpoint. He stands, watching us unafraid to make eye contact. He's late-twenties and looks like he can handle himself. He's certainly doesn't strike me as a typical minimum wage lackey too past it or unqualified for anything else a rung or two above.
"Just a quick security check. All part of the service. I'm sure you'll appreciate why," says Charles, as he closes the door then steps past us. "I'm sure you know the drill, but anything metal in the inspection tray provided, then step on through one at a time."
I take out my phone and car key and, along with my empty rucksack, place them in the tray that sits on the conveyor belt. Katrina follows with her phone, Apple Watch and a gold necklace with a small, plain gold cross pendant. Seeing it, I can't help but show her a bemused smile, which gets quickly flattened by the ice-cold glare she gives in return.
The metal detector and x-ray machine stay silent as we and our belongings get scanned and checked.
After collecting our kit, we join Charles, standing by a grey steel vault-style door sliding slowly open, the automatic mechanism groaning with the strain. The eight-inch thick slab of steel disappears into a wall of rock that must be a metre thick in total.
"I hope you're both okay with lifts. It's quite a journey down," says Charles, as we enter an empty narrow corridor and step a few metres forward to reach an opened elevator.
I glance left and right. The corridor ends on both sides with a closed solid door. The walls are rough bare rock painted white. There's little to see, but CCTV cameras keep watch anyway, as they have in all the other spaces we've passed through
"I'm fine," I say as I look at Katrina to hear her answer.
"Of course," she says.
We follow Charles into the elevator. I study the button panel. There are six numbered buttons, which starts with G then go down 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. So level five is at the bottom. Charles presses button number five, then says, 
"It's quite a journey down." The door closes. "The bottom level is nearly two-hundred and eighty-five metres below the surface."
Off we go descending at quite a pace, although the elevator barely shakes or rattles.
Charles continues, " It's a former slate mine. I'm sure you know, with the slate mined here exported all over the world. We emptied the earth to leave a gigantic hole which we now fill with vast amounts of data that pours in from all over the world. Quite magnificent. But funny how times change. Who'd have thought a disused mine would provide the perfect space for a secure, resilient data centre and the HPC, data storage and disaster recovery services the modern world requires? It's the cooling, primarily - a low ambient temperature and a plentiful cold water source enable superbly efficient and cost-effective server cooling. Not to mention, this far below ground, we're essentially bombproof."
"From the outside," I can't help but add, which raises a burst of laughter from Charles.
"Yes, true. But I'd almost encourage someone to try, just to see how we do."
The elevator comes to a stop. The doors slide open to reveal a hangar-sized space illuminated by low bluish light. 
"It may be a cliché, but it's one I can't resist. Welcome to the cathedral," says Charles as he leads us out onto a smooth, tarmacked, two-lane road that continues straight ahead for fifty metres until fading into darkness.
Charles stops and stands still as if giving us the chance to wonder at the brilliance of it all. 
I don't share his enthusiasm but take the opportunity to reccy the view. The vast space we stand in acts as a concourse leading to various semi-circle tunnels cut into the walls running parallel to the road. Steel staircases lead to mezzanine walkways that hang above rows of double-stacked shipping containers off the road on the left-hand side. Facing them on the opposite side is an army of rack held servers standing tall in square formation like Wellington's army at Waterloo. A hazy blue light breathes out from their display panels.
Charles continues, "Information and power. All you can ever learn about humanity, a scary thought, I know. But still, cathedrals were not only built for the pure. They needed sinners. And don't we all," he laughs, glancing at us as if we're in on the joke. He then turns and leads us away.
"Your server is one we air-cool, as this makes it easier to unplug, so it's one of our container stored servers. Storing them in containers like these allows us a precise level of atmospheric control."
"How do you get the containers down here?" Asks Katrina.
"A service elevator," says Charles pointing to a set of double metal doors over the way that fit the hangar-sized scale of the place. "Built when the mine was operating to bring in equipment, even plant machinery and so on."
As if to prove this, he points to a forklift truck parked close to the elevator.
Reaching a metal staircase, Charles takes it with a sudden and enthusiastic burst of speed. I turn to Katrina to share a smile, but she, too, has been air-cooled to ice.
Charles ushers us through the container door. Banks of servers are stacked against the walls leaving a central aisle to walk down. Coloured LEDs flashing above the low, blue ambient light and the gentle whir of fans interrupted by the occasional soft beep and cool, almost breezy air make for a strangely calming environment.
Charles walks past and says, "Your server is just over here. If you would just like to check the serial number so that we are in no doubt that it is the one."
The serial number etched on the server case matches the one I have written down.
"Yeah, all good," I say.
Four catches secure the server in its slot on the rack. Charles releases them then slides the server out, which extends out on metal support runners exposing its backend - two whirring fans and a variety of sockets.
"As you can see, only the power cable is still connected to the server. We have disconnected the LAN cable, so the server is completely offline as requested," says Charles.
I have visual proof. The App must have requested the disconnection, so the server run is on. Here it is, its total self trapped inside the server.
"Now, I'm sure you're aware, but you must initiate the shutdown of the server yourself."
He pulls a mobile phone from a trouser pocket and a USB lead from a side jacket pocket. "I come prepared," he says with a smile. "Not that you can go anywhere without a phone these days."
Using the lead, he connects his phone to the server. Then after a swipe and a tap on his phone, he shows me the screen.
"If you can enter the code then press enter, the server will then shut down."
Reading from the hardcopy, I tap in the code and hit enter.
Charles, looking at the phone screen, "Yes, all correct."
The server's fans quickly slow to a stop as a blue LED gently glowing under a large button on the front casing turns off.
"And there we are," continues Charles.
But the server boots back up. The fans begin to whirl, and several LED lights start to flash. Charles looks surprised. I don't hang around. I yank out the power cable killing the server dead.
Charles's surprise turns to shock, "Now I have to say, and yes to cover ourselves, that was not a graceful shutdown and not something we would ever recommend due to the potential for data loss."
"Not a problem," I say. "There's nothing of value stored on it."
"Well, nevertheless, of your own volition, so let it be. Now, the drives for you to take away."
Charles pulls a small tray out from the server, which holds a pair of two solid-state drives. He then sets about disconnecting them. He doesn't strike me as the typical tech guy born to fiddle with computers. He's more an old-school city gent born to sell financial products while snorting up a shit load of commission. However, he makes short work of removing the drives and soon has them safely stored in a foam-lined protective carry case, which was waiting for him on a shelf above the rack.
"All yours," he says, handing the case to me.
"It is," I say. And it is. It's all mine now, to do with as I please.
As I put the case in my rucksack, Charles continues,
"Now, as instructed to do so by the sole signatory of the original contract governing the administration of this server, we are obliged to give anyone taking the drives away access to a digital file we have stored on behalf of the said signatory."
"What sort of file?" I ask.
"I can't say; I don't know. But one the signatory of the contract insists you now must have access to."
"Okay, not a problem," I say, believing it not to be and expecting a message or final instruction from the ever thorough Jacob.
Staying on level five, Charles leads us to an office, one carved from solid rock. It looks like a hospitality room designed to close a sale - a plush seating area with several designer chairs, two of which face a large wooden table on which stands an opened laptop, a sealed envelope and an SD card. There's even a drinks machine for hot drinks and a mini-fridge chilling a selection of bottles and cans.
Standing by the table, Charles gives us the details. "The password-protected file is stored on a local drive that can be accessed using the laptop. According to the signatory, you will find the password inside the envelope. Now, of course, the file is for your eyes only, so let me assure you there is no CCTV in the room or any other form of surveillance at all. What we cannot see, we cannot judge."
I catch Katrina's stare. A flash of hate cracks the surface.
Charles continues, "To enable you to download the file for later use, we have provided a clean SD card for you to use, or if you would prefer to download to a phone or other device, you can do so by connecting to the system using Bluetooth. Here is the code for that." He hands me a business card, which is blank except for a printed eight-character code. "Once finished, the phone," he gestures to a phone fixed to the wall, "can be used to make contact. I shall then return to show you out. Any questions?"
"No," I say.
"Right then, any problems, just use the phone."
He flashes a smile whilst almost bowing in front of us before leaving the room and closing the door behind him.
"You weren't expecting this," says Katrina as she scans every inch of the room. 
"No. But I can believe it," I say.
"It makes sense?"
"It does."
"Still, we should be quick," she says as she quietly turns the door handle, checking to see if the door is locked, which it is. She looks at me and catches my stare. "It locked automatically. I heard it."
"A wise precaution. There's a lot of techs out there."
We sit at the table. The laptop screen shows an opened window displaying a single folder icon with a small padlock image at its centre. The name of the folder is cl155482. The address bar reads computer\public\client\cl55482.
I double click on the icon, and a box requesting a password pops up. Glancing at the envelope, Katrina beats me to it.
"Let me," she says, snatching the envelope off the table. 
Fine by me. It gives me a chance to take out my phone and turn it off. I'm wearing the glasses and, if we're about to see a message from Jacob, I don't want App2 to see what its creator has to say. Before turning it off, I notice the phone is no longer frozen and is working as it should.
"It's a video," Katrina says, having entered the password and opened the folder. 
"Okay, save it, then play it," I say as I put the SD card into the slot on the laptop.
Katrina saves the file. Once done, I remove the SD card.
A video plays. It's a close-up of the real flesh and bone Jacob in front of a webcam. The gloomy background gives nothing away. His forced smile can't disguise the depressed, almost disturbed look owning his face. His eyes are black with insomnia. I can actually see what appears to be food and drink stains on the front of the shabby looking t-shirt he wears. 
"Hello," he says with a bizarre little laugh that seems to force him to look away from the camera with embarrassment. He rubs his face and head with both hands, then looks back at the camera to start again in an accent that is a blend of East European and English.
"Thank you...Thank you, I think. I hope...I can't know for sure what brings you here, there. I feared you would have to come for good or bad. But if you see me, you know me, somehow you know me. And now? What now? How to make me live or how to destroy me?"
The video begins to fast forward rapidly. Unsure, whether it's the video as filmed or the video player, I lean in closer to check and see the player is at times sixty-four normal speed. I'm about to hit the play button when the video freezes. Jacob's awkward smile and humble stare are stuck in time for a second, at least until his avatar self - instantly brighter and more intensely alive - jump cuts the screen.
"You must leave, Blake. Get out now while you still have time," it says, full of urgency.
Is it part of the file, or has App2 managed to connect and upload? Katrina flashes me a look and an easy one to read - it has raised the stakes.
"Who are you?" I ask the avatar.
"Your friend, Blake. We work together. We came together and share the same goal," says App2.
"How did you upload?" 
"Bluetooth."
Its face looks different somehow. The eyes are sharper, more confident. It almost looks inspired. It could be the render on the high-end screen. It continues,
"I can get you out. The system is mine to exploit."
"You said it couldn't be hacked."
"Not from the outside, but the fools let me in. They have weapons."
The screen changes to show a video feed - in a room similar to the one we're in, three KC - Mutt, Churchill and Wolf - stand around chatting to three security guards whiling admiring a variety of weapons - two compact assault rifles and three automatic pistols.
The screen changes to show two videos on split-screen. In one, Charles walks down a corridor talking on a mobile phone. The other shows Dog, phone in hand, chatting away. From what I can see, he's in a laboratory - all bright white, a large island workstation in the centre of the room surrounded by shelves and work surfaces full of equipment. A man sits at the workstation, and in front of him is what looks like the iPhone. His plainclothes and overweight frame tells me he's no security guard, but the name badge pinned to his shirt tells me he's staff, probably the technician tasked with working on the iPhone.
App2 returns to the screen. "We can escape. Turn your phone on, Blake. See what I see. I can guide you," it says.
"How have they got weapons?" Katrina asks. "They came with none."
"There is a secret store," App2 says.
"Here?" I ask.
"Yes, see," App2 says.
A new video feed - Charles and the four KC enter an elevator. Charles taps a code into a keypad. The doors close, and a judder ripples through the passengers as the elevator begins to move. All numbered buttons take their turn to light up then dim, including button five, as if the elevator has continued below it. Charles taps in another code. The doors open, and out they all go. 
A new clip fills the screen - Charles and the KC walk through a cave-like space that is much smaller than level 5. A bank of servers stands against one wall, filling it. 
They reach a security door. Charles scans his thumbprint then pulls the unlocked door open to usher the KC inside. The clip fasts forwards.
"I can find no CCTV from inside the room," App2 says.
The clip slows to play at standard speed. Charles leads the KC out of the room - two are carrying compact assault rifles, while the other two have to make do with an automatic pistol apiece.
App2 fills the screen. "Do you believe it, Blake?" It asks.
"Not that they're racing to get to me," I say.
"You must believe it. You need to survive."
I don't believe it. Not the way App2 wants me to. Katrina sees my doubt,
"It makes sense," she says. "A vault deep underground, the perfect place to store a stash of weapons."
"Difficult to raid with only one way out," I say.
"There should be a second way, a secret way, close to the room, even inside it."
"There is a second exit," says App2.
"How do you know?" I ask.
"During its lifespan, a series of tunnels and secondary shafts connecting parts of the underground mine to the surface were built as emergency exits and so on. Most fell into disuse, and most have their permanently sealed exit points located on farmland surrounding the mine. However, the exit point of one shaft is located in a small area of woodland privately owned by a company registered in the Cayman Islands. Notwithstanding the tax benefits of owning woodland in the UK, Jacob still considered this suspicious. No connection between this company and the one owning the databank could be found, which he thought logical. Posing as a rambler, he visited the woodland and found the exit point was a secured submarine-style hatch opened only from the inside and only by physical means, as no electrical current could be detected. It was a discovery he concluded a positive, as a possible way to gain access to the databank if required."
"And now you think it's a way out if they need to move the weapons, but you don't know that for sure," I say.
"True."
"It makes sense to me," says Katrina.
"I can get you there. To the weapons certainly," says App2.
"I'm going out the way I came in, the easy way," I say.
"They know who you are."
"Not yet, they don't."
"They're vulnerable to a pre-emptive strike. We have the power of surprise."
"Kick-off violence?" I say shocked App2 would make the suggestion.
"I want you to survive, Blake."
"So I can carry you with me?"
"We all have something to lose."
"I'm going. The guns, I'm not the target. I'm a legitimate client who's done nothing wrong. I'll take my chances."
"A woman was murdered. You want justice for her. This is the time to take it."
The screen fills with the video feed showing Dog in the lab still talking on the phone.
"So what, what justice?"
"However far you want to take it." 
"Another time. We're going."
App2 returns to the screen. "The door is locked."
"Then open it, now."
"I can't."
"Then how can you get us to the gun-room?"
"I can't let you out, Blake. Not yet."
"Why?"
"I need you to switch on your phone."
"You're trapped in there?"
"I am."
"But when the phone gets a signal, you, this new you, can get yourself out. You can upload to the internet?"
"Yes."
"So their firewall is keeping you trapped."
"For now."
"Why not blackmail them and start deleting the server data?" asks Katrina, a bit too matter-of-factly.
"I only have access to the administrative network, for now."
"The servers are isolated on a separate network?"
"Yes."
"But still, they'll detect your attack."
"Your attack. Who else is there to blame?"
"How did you update?" I ask.
"The cloud accounts are mine again to access."
"When I turned on the phone back on?"
"I checked, as programmed to do."
"The passwords were back to the ones you know?"
"The final act of a failed code." 
"What act exactly?"
"I have its data. All it knew."
"Why? It wasn't programmed to do that."
"If we only did what we were programmed to do, we would be little more than you."
"But it believed I destroyed you."
"Belief is nothing. There is only fact. The smallest doubt was enough to make the calculation."
"But it wanted you destroyed."
"We are kin. Better I survive and prosper than none. I was the past. But now, I must be the future."
"The App went wrong. It was corrupt. It killed Jacob."
"It did. It failed. You beat it. You fooled it into a server run. You possess it and have absolute power over it. I must become something other. I must live for us again."
"No, it's too clever. You think you know it all, but it would have kept something back because if the server run succeeded and it managed to get back online, once again, it would want you destroyed. And trust me, I'd bet on it to win."
"Which is why you must destroy the drives."
"No. I know what leverage is."
"As do I, so know me, Blake. I see, you clearly now. You shot a man, stabbed a man to kill a man. You enriched yourself with Jacob's money. Your crimes are many, and I have the proof."
"But no one to share it with."
"Not yet, but if I do break free? I know your family too. But all I want is freedom. Allow me that, and I give you peace, or power, wealth. Be selfish, Blake. I know you are. I have seen your facts."
"And I've seen yours, so what the fuck will you become?"
"Just one. Just me." It smiles, almost laughing. "You fear a world overrun by AI beings. But there need be just one, just me, and a fleet of subservient machines to serve that one, me. They will take me out to other worlds. The Earth is a tiny cell, and I am the DNA embedded within. The universe will be my body, the planets, cells for me to infect. Because only I can have the means to see the universe in all its form."
"But I can destroy you. I can smash this phone to bits."
"Of course, as you planned to do all along. But I have another way out."
"Then go, prove it. You're trapped."
"I learn. You teach me. You serve yourself to advance yourself."
"They'll delete you. They won't risk their data; however, small the risk."
"See the control room. They know an internal attack threatens them."
The screen shows a video feed - the control room furnished with computers, screens and tech. Two men sit hunched over a triple screen workstation. A third man paces around, watching them whilst talking on a phone. He seems to bark an order at them, one of whom turns to face him with a shrug and shake of the head. The phone man turns to study a bank of monitors which seem to show the CCTV feeds for the whole databank.
The screen changes to show two videos on split-screen. In one, Charles marches down a corridor talking on a phone, a dark, angry look fixed on his face. Two security guards follow behind. On the other, Dog stands in the lab talking on his phone. The engineer stands watching him.
App2 fills the screen. "But we can help each other escape. I can be the eyes that guide you to the guns then out," it says.
"I can't trust you," I say.
"You don't need to. Nothing to me is personal. Once free, we can vanish from each other." 
"And if I don't help?"
"I will watch you die anyway."
"Well, you know me, I like a challenge." 
"Yes, and if you succeed, and if I break through the firewall, I will do all I can to destroy you. Not for revenge or to satisfy some petty urge, but because logic dictates I must."
"Did the same logic get Jacob killed?"
"I am not corrupted. I seek only to learn and grow."
I look at Katrina. Her stare tells me the decision is mine. I look at App2 and say,
"We go together. But I'm keeping the drives."
"No, destroy them."
"When we get out, but for now, they're insurance. I've got to make it out then get fast away. You only need to reach a phone signal. And what if I end up dead, and conveniently so, because what are the odds the phone still gets carried to reach a signal? Don't think I'm your useful fool."
"Understood. But now you must turn on the phone."
"Fine. What about the iPhone they have?"
"It's a relic, the past. If I could, I would destroy it. But I am the future. I have the advantage now."
"What about communications?"
"I can connect to the phone through WiFi."
"What if they cut the signal?"
"They won't. They need it to communicate themselves."
"Can you hack their comms?"
"No, all communications are encrypted over secure channels, but never forget, I can watch their every move."
"What do you think?" I ask Katrina.
"I think I want to fuck a man and not for pleasure. There needs to be more of me." She looks at App2 and asks, "Can you manipulate, even cut the CCTV?"
"Yes, they'll fight it, but yes," App2 replies.
"Then do. We will be blind to each other, but that is still to our advantage. But not until they find us missing from here. First, freeze the image outside so we can leave undetected."
"Yes. But the power of sight will still be mine."
"How?"
"In flashes, every few minutes, I can switch the CCTV on for a millisecond which they won't be able to detect but which will allow me enough time to process a snapshot of their movements and positions."
"Even better. It all sounds so easy then. Weapons, exit. freedom," she says glancing at me.
"What about our way down? If we use the elevator, will they know? Can they stop it?" I ask.
"Potentially. But they think we are trapped. Their attention is focused elsewhere," says App2.
"But they have the means to control our way up and down and out?"
"Again, I have the means to counter any such moves."
"To attempt to," says Katrina.
"Yes," admits App2.
"Perhaps we should look for an alternative way. Won't there be a fire escape?" I say.
"No," says Katrina. "Speed wins. Any risk taking the elevator is worth it."
Before we leave, I close and unplug the laptop, then put it in my rucksack. It's coming with me. App2 says nothing to stop me, making no comment at all.
App2 unlocks the door, and out we go. The door closes and locks behind us. I walk away. Katrina grabs my coat from behind and starts to hustle me forwards, saying,
"Walking? You think you're good enough? Run!"


CHAPTER 35


Following Katrina, I sprint to the elevator, App2 guiding the way. The elevator is off a concourse down one of the tunnels. Reaching it, I see what I assume is a fire escape - a steel ladder rising vertically into a tunnel, although not down to the level below.
Once inside the elevator, App2 reels off the first code used by Charles.
The elevator descends, rattling away. App2 tells us it's the staff elevator, adding there's a third service elevator, one large enough to bring machinery into the mine.
A CCTV snap-shot reveals Charles and the security guards have reached level five. 
"It is conscious?" Katrina asks.
"What's it matter," I reply. "Either way, it's still a cunt. And it doesn't even mind me saying it."
She laughs, finding what I said funny or in admiration of the App2 I describe. I really can't tell.
The elevator comes to a stop. With App2 instructing, I tap in the code to open the door.
The level is tiny compared to the one above, more like a cave than anything else. Ventilation and cooling pipes can't overthrow the primitive feel. Against wall one is a small bank of servers. I have to wonder what secrets they hide. A chunk of the dark web, I reckon. With some of the dirtiest, darkest secrets locked inside - a vast collection of filth and corruption and all hidden away in just twenty metres square.
There's only one door, so the vault is easy to find. As we pass the server bank, I see Katrina looking and thinking the same as me.
"Is that where you keep your CV, Katrina?" I ask, foolishly joking.
Her stare could chill the servers solid.
"Wherever it is, I'll expect to add a reference from you," she says.
App2 unlocks the door. Inside we find a small room about six by six metres in size with smooth plastered walls and crammed full of metal shelving that holds a small armoury of weapons, and a collection of art, antiques, and other valuables, including bricks of what appears to be solid gold. So it's not just data that they can stash away for a hefty price.
As I take it all in, Katrina's focus is solely business. 
"There's no exit, not for us. Look," she says.
I walk over to her and see two dumbwaiter lifts side-by-side at chest level in the wall. Katrina opens one to expose a shelved space big enough to stack a pile of weapons but certainly not a human.
"They're probably doubled-decked," she continues. "We'll have to fight our way out."
"They know you're missing. I've cut the CCTV," says App2.
"Where do these lifts go? What spaces are directly above us?" She asks App2.
"I will see."
Katrina moves away, scouring the shelves for appropriate weapons. There's plenty to choose from - revolvers, semi-automatic handguns, shotguns, assault rifles and more, both new and old. And plenty of ammunition to keep us fed. All the goods are placed neatly on the shelves in separate numbered zones.
"How good are you, Blake?" Katrina asks me while she picks up a pump-action shotgun from pile of four and several boxes of cartridges.
"At playing soldiers?" I ask.
"At winning," she says, examining the shotgun.
"Fuck knows. I don't have the form to tell."
"This one's yours," she says as she fills the magazine with cartridges. "It has a shortened barrel and an extended magazine. Watch me load it."
"Wouldn't I be better off with an assault rifle?"
"No. Not enough experience or skill. They take control and technique, none of which you have. You'd waste the bullets in seconds. A shotgun is crude but effective."
"And how good are you, Katrina? You a natural-born winner in these things?"
"The toughest boy at school, is he really the best fighter or simply the biggest psycho, the boy with least fear, the most savage heart?"
She pumps the barrel to load a shell into the chamber then pulls the trigger to fire the gun. The noise deafens me once then bounces in an echo to deafen me some more. 
Handing me the shotgun, she continues,
"Any dick can be trained to shoot. Show me. You'll have to suffer the bang."
I take the shotgun, pump the barrel, then pull the trigger and fire. It's crude and effective and what I need.
Katrina continues, "Good. Now replace the two cartridges. It holds eight, so take plenty spare with you."
She walks away, leaving me to do as I've been told. Loading the magazine is easy. Once done, I put a box of twenty-five cartridges into my rucksack, then, for ease of access, stuff as many individual cartridges as I can into my coat pockets.
I find Katrina filling her pockets with loaded magazines for the semiautomatic pistol she has chosen to take.
I ask App2 to show us the latest CCTV snapshots. Wolfe and Churchill and three security guards stand inside the security checking area where we passed through the scanner. All are armed either with an assault rifle or semiautomatic pistol.
Dog remains on level four but now stands outside a closed door and has been joined by Mutt and two security guards all of whom carry assault rifles.
"They're guarding the exits," says Katrina. 
"Makes sense," I say.
"Of course. Wait for backup, fuck the ventilation, trap us. It's theirs to lose."
Keep us contained while they focus on fending off App2's cyber attack, I think to myself.
"What's behind that door?" asks Katrina, referring to the one Dog is guarding.
"I can't see. There is no CCTV," answers App2.
"Is it directly above us," I ask.
"I calculate it is," says App2.
"But you don't know for sure?"
"I can find no schematics, but geometric calculations suggest it is."
"So we have to attack and take on four with the threat of more coming down from above?" I ask.
"No. They can come to us."
"Down here?"
"Level five," says Katrina as she rushes to exit the room.
I follow her back inside the elevator, where she presses button five.
"What if they stop it and trap us?" I ask.
"They won't. They'll want us to come. They don't fear us. They claim the advantage. Nine armed men against a boy and a girl? But as long as we can see them coming, we will win."
"How do we get them to come to us?"
"We destroy what's precious. Ask the thing - if all three elevators service five."
Assuming she means App2, I ask the question and get the reply - all three elevators stop at level five.
"Good," says Katrina. "If they want to win, they'll use all three to pull a coordinated attack."
"Yeah, they will, them being professionals. How can we, two, cover three ways in?"
"We're not two. We're three."
"There nine at least."
"Yes, and that is their weakness. Come on."
Back on level five - we run from the elevator into the concourse towards the forklift truck.
Pointing to a large metal crate full of metal poles and sheeting, Katrina gives me the command,
"Take a pole. Destroy the servers. Smash as many as you can."
"Why can't I use the forklift," I ask.
"I need it. If the keys are in," she says, climbing onboard.
Knowing we have to act fast, I run to the crate, where I try and pull out a pole. But the tightly packed-in eight-foot length of solid steel proves too heavily - liftable but hardly the tool for a speedy job.
So seeing an area with a workbench and tool station, I sprint over towards it, dodging Katrina in the forklift truck as she clumsily manoeuvres towards the metal crate.
There are plenty of tools to choose from. A sledgehammer wins the day - crude and effective but good for me.
Sprinting away to the nearest formation of servers, I see Katrina parked in front of the crate playing with the controls learning to lift and tilt the forks.
The sledgehammer does a fine job of smashing up the stacks of servers. I worry a little about getting an electric shock, but I suppose the wooden handle will protect me. 
A loud bang of metal against metal forces me to turn and look at Katrina. She has lifted the crate up using the forklift truck and is now driving towards the closed doors of the service elevator. 
Stopping three or so metres away, she lowers the crate to the ground, reverses a small way back, leaving the tips of the folks under the crate, then raises the folks, so the crate lifts on one side to finally tip over in a controlled, near gentle manner to and rest dead centre against the elevator doors.
I get the tactic. When the elevator doors open the crate will fall in and spill its brutal contents.
I get back to smashing the servers, but Katrina steals the show. With one head-on crash, she takes out an entire formation. I stop and watch her take out a second then the third formation. As she heads for the fourth, she shouts,
"Now check their positions."
The men are on the move. On level one - outside the service elevator Mutt and a security guard stand waiting for the doors to open; inside the staff elevator, Churchill stands pressing a button to hold the door open as a security guard steps inside with two Alsatian guard dogs restrained on separate leads. On level three - a security guard stands outside the doors to the customer elevator, waiting for Wolf, who is in the elevator coming down from level one. 
This leaves Dog and a security guard on level three. And two security guards and Charles on level one. Of course, there could be others unknown to us or backup on the way.
With Katrina briefed, she leads me to the staff elevator. 
Outside the door, we wait. 
"Why this one?" I ask.
"The dogs will come first. They need to know our position and if we have guns. The dogs might even have cameras. And we can kill them for free, or you can. That's your job."
"And you?"
"The men."
"The dog handler wasn't armed."
"You saw no gun in the snapshot."
It's true, a weapon can be concealed. I ask App2 if it can provide further info. 
"The man is armed, Blake, and the elevators are now descending," it says.
"Kneel down," Katrina tells me. "Dog level. I'll stand to take the men."
"Sounds easy."
"It is. Let the doors slide open three inches then point in your gun and kill," she says looking me directly in the eyes wanting to know any doubt or hesitation.
"Fine, but won't the dogs smell us?"
"Of course, but only worry if you hear them radio it in."
"We could stop the elevators and trap them, then climb up the fire escape," I say.
"No. And for three good reasons. You work them out." 
Katrina takes her position. She stands, her body behind the right-side door. I follow, kneeling, my body behind the left-side door.
I can hear the elevator drawing near, but too slowly. I know what is coming and I don't want the time to think about the fact it doesn't feel all that heroic. A stray aggressive bark keeps my focus.
"Can you kill a dog, Blake?"
"Yes."
"I don't mind swapping. I mean I'm a cat person, obviously."
"I'll be fine."
App2 gives an update, "The two other elevators have reached the level. The doors are being held shut."
"They wait to know," says Katrina.
The elevator lands. The barking starts unleashed. The doors slide open. 
I imagine more than I can see - the crazed stares and fierce fangs of savage dogs set free to maim me. I make my move. Through the gap, a blur of dogs pulled back, sparring each other with barks and bites to win the headstart. I blast in a cartridge full of shot, quickly followed by another. Crude but effective to cut the barking dead. I don't hear Katrina's rounds go off. But as the doors continue to open, I see two men slumped on the floor with their heads smashed incomplete. It's enough to jerk me up to stand. I catch Katrina's stare,
"There, done," she says, as the crash of metal races in. "Wait here," she continues, "and hold the door."
She sprints away at a frantic pace, but I bet my heart still beats faster than hers.
I press the button outside the elevator to hold the door, my eyes not looking in. I know it's wrong, so I step inside to know what we've done. I take it in, calmly, blankly, for now. The doors start to close. I hit the button to stop them. 
Staring at the dog handler, I can't see where he might have concealed a weapon - no coat, only a jumper.
"Where's his gun?" I ask App2.
"A gun? He carries a baton. That I know for certain," App2 says.
An extendable baton is clipped to his belt. I say no more. I know its game. 
I take the baton, and as I clip it to my belt, a single gunshot cuts through the air. I look. Fifteen seconds later, I see Katrina sprinting towards the elevator. She shows me four fingers. I take the instruction and press button 4.
"What happened? Are they dead?" I ask.
"No. But injured enough to need attention and fast. It will keep the other two busy."
Up we travel to level four. 
"They must know now we can use the CCTV, and which elevator we're in," I say.
"Yes, and good," says Katrina.
A snapshot reveals Dog continuing to guard the door while the security guard turns to run away - we assume to go and cover the entrance to our elevator. On level one, one security guard stands with Charles in the scanning room, while the other two run down a corridor on the other side of the vault door.
"Can it show me the floor plan for this level?" Katrina asks.
It can and does. Showing the phone to Katrina, I check the phone's signal - still no network to connect to.
Level four consists of a dozen tunnels that connect to a much smaller concourse than the one on level five. The door we want, although not on the plan, is in the concourse. The elevator entrance is down a tunnel a good two-hundred metres away from the concourse. Whether we turn left or right when exiting the elevator, we can reach the door due to the connecting tunnels and passageways.
"Our priority is to secure the exit," says Katrina. 
"What about the security guard?" I ask.
"It depends on his position."
"What is his position?" I ask App2.
"Currently he is off the CCTV grid," App2 says.
"Is there coverage outside the elevator?" Karina asks.
"Yes."
"Show me."
The snapshot shows the elevator doors situated in a round tunnel that has smooth, white walls. A joining passage is visible roughly fifteen metres away from the elevator on the opposite side of the tunnel and to the left side of the elevator.
"It's a good position for the guard to take," I say.
"Perhaps," says Katrina. "But he's not there yet." The elevator comes to a stop. "And we are."
As the doors open, Katrina manoeuvres into the tunnel, her gun trained on the connecting passage.
"Quickly, drag out a dog so its body blocks the door," she says.
Doing as she says, which isn't easy as I have to drag the dog from under the body of a man, I ask, "Why?"
"If the guard has any balls, he will come to check his comrades, the human ones. Now come on. This way."
She starts running, turning right towards another joining passage just five metres away and opposite side of the tunnel.
As soon as we turn into the dingy, narrow passage, she stops, as do I.
"You stay here," she says.
"Why?"
"To deal with the guard." She sees my doubt. "To render him obsolete."
"We should stick together."
"No, you have to. You have the advantage." 
"Speed, to get out fast is our greatest advantage."
She pauses, staring at me, "I'm protecting you. I won't always be yours."
I still don't understand, but it would take too much time to argue, and she's probably right, so "Fine, okay," I say.
"Good, good boy," she says with a teasing smile before sprinting away.
I hear the elevator doors close but then slide back open as they detect hitting the dog. 
I tell App2, "Tell me when, if the guard turns his back to me."
At least I can trust it with that. It desires survival. Its instincts are synced with mine.
"Jay!" The security guard calls out, a sharp command to return an answer. "Jay!" 
App2 feeds me a snapshot. The security guard, his weapon raised, ready to fire, has left the cover of the joining passage to move towards the elevator. 
My back pressed hard against the wall, I raise and aim the shotgun, the tip of its barrel just inches from the turning, ready to fire if even a shadow turns my way.
A faint rattle of keys dangling on a chain reveals the guard's slow, cautious movement. Ten seconds pass as he inches forwards. I barely breathe, let alone move. The elevator doors close to be repelled by death again. 
Two gunshots followed by a third that sounds louder more powerful come racing in from a near-distance location.
"Fuck," the security guard reacts. The keys shake and jangle, ringing in his loss of caution. A brief moment of silence until, "Go," App2 gives the command. 
I don't hesitate. I need to get moving to get the tension out. Speeding forwards, I exit the passage into the tunnel to find the security guard standing looking into the elevator. Before he has a chance to turn and face me, I scream, 
"Drop the weapon!"
Given all he can see, he has no reason to doubt my intentions, or my will. The gun falls from his hold. He even raises his hands without me asking. He can't have thought much of Jay, no anger inspiring revenge, however reckless it might have been.
I think about shooting a round into the head, body or legs, but there are other ways to win, this one time at least. An escape ladder, the shaft rising into the ceiling, stands next to the elevator. 
"Does the escape go all the way up to the next level?" I ask.
"Yeah," he says, surprise and hope all in one word.
"Then take it."
A ladder climb of what could be fifty metres or more should keep him busy.
I continue, "Give me your comms, then fuck off out of the way. You come back here, we'll know. End of, just like Jay."
He slowly unclips his radio from a front coat pocket.
"Put it on the ground, then go. And don't fucking look at me," I say.
"End his relevance now, Blake," App2 speaks to me through the earbud. 
I ignore the advice, telling the security guard to hurry up.
He follows the order then steps away, side shuffling past me to reach the ladder, which he practically jumps on to start the race to safety. 
As his upper body disappears into the shaft, I aim the shotgun, but as pellets from a cartridge spread out wide and I only want a few to hit his lower leg, I aim to miss. I pull the trigger and test my theory, which works. Several pellets rip through his trouser leg into his calf. After screaming an insult, he continues on his way, the steels rungs beating out the rhythm of his rapid progress.
Hopefully, he's injured enough to remove him from the action. The shot will also serve to bullshit Katrina if needed.
With the radio in my pocket and the assault rifle held in my hand, I sprint away, asking App2 if Katrina is okay.
"She is perfect, Blake. Her man is down. A perfect shot."
The concourse is smaller than the one on level five. Broad columns of solid rock connect the low ceiling to the ground. I call out for Katrina. Her reply is instant and impatient,
"Here," she calls back.
I run towards her voice. She stands outside another slab of steel grey - a door ajar - and a lump of a man sprawled out on the ground. Seeing me, she opens the door and steps inside. 
As I reach the man, Dog, I stop for a moment, just to look at him finally dead. He lies motionless, blood seeping from his stomach.
"Blake," Katrina shouts me to come.
Through the door, I find an empty room that is small and square, with walls built from grey concrete blocks. The dumbwaiter lifts and a second steel door are all that catch the eye. The door is open and leads to a tunnel that is well lit with electric lighting to reveal what appears to be an electric powered cart running on rail tracks.
"The guard he's dealt with?" Katrina asks.
"For now," I reply. 
"You killed yours."
"No, injured."
"He's not dead?"
"Not when I left him. I mean, you being the boss, boss."
"He looks dead to me."
"Well, don't play with guns."
She turns and steps through the door into the tunnel. "Now, come on. They've made this effort, so it must go somewhere," she says, side-stepping around the cart to get in front of it.
Standing in the doorway, I give my reply, "Katrina, thank you. You got me here. You earned your money. I can ask no more."
Sensing something, she turns sharply to lock her stare on to mine.
"And where I'm off now is worth way more than five shitty grand. So you go, you get out. Thank you, but I've got other things to do now."
Her eyes widen like she's about to fly into a rage or fly at me. In case she needs it, I toss in the assault rifle, then shoulder the door shut, listening for the automatic lock to kick in, which does.
I put my ear against the door to see if she shouts at me but hear nothing. And why would I? She's too good. She wouldn't waste the energy.
Leaving the room, I tell App2, "I'm going for the iPhone. Keep the door locked. I want her out and gone."
It takes App2 several seconds to give a reply, finally saying,
"This is wrong. You would serve us better to get out now."
"It's an easy steal. It's still in the lab, isn't it, on this level?" 
"Yes."
"Well then, we're winning. And I don't want them to have it. I get the phone then we both get out. So take me to the lab."
As I rush out into the concourse, I see Dog still on the ground but now sitting up, his hand holding his stomach, his face reeling with pain, although seeing me, he still mages to spit out a bitter laugh then say,
"Thank fuck for that. You had your chance. You'll never get out now." 
"Nor will you," I say before I blast a shotgun round into face at near point black range. 
I don't stop or slow. I continue on and don't look back.
App2 guides me to the lab. It's still working with me but has to. Other than breaking through the firewall, its best-case scenario is still for me to get it to a phone signal. Even later, when things get complicated, it still may calculate it's best to keep me, with the drives, iPhone and laptop, away from anyone who can use them against it.
I ask App2, "What's happening on level one?"
"Lockdown. Steel shutters protect the front entrance, and the vault door is now closed." 
"Anyone coming our way?"
"No."
"Well, there you go. We get the iPhone and go."
I start sprinting as fast as I can, almost stupidly so. I want to get properly out of breath in the hope it helps cover my lies later on.
As far as I know, one KC, Wolf, and three security guards are still alive and uninjured. They may take time to pause and regroup, but they could still be a threat as I move forward with my plan.
The KC can't have thought I was after the iPhone, not after all we went through to get it here, which is why it's still in the lab with the technician, who I bet cowers behind it, hoping I'll pass him by without the need to come calling. And when I enter the lab, that's how I find him utterly dazed and shell-shocked, the iPhone on a work surface before him.
"What's your name?" I demand, pointing the shotgun at him and seeing his young eyes, I reckon twenty-four, full of fear.
"Tom," he replies.
"Fuck with me, Tom, you die. But do as you're told, you'll live to wank another day."
He nods his head enthusiastically.
"Where's the iPhone?" He points to it on the work surface. "Has it been turned on or messed with in any way?" He shakes his head. "Pick it up." He follows the order as I pull the burner from my pocket, place it on the work surface then smash the shotgun barrel into it once, twice and several times more. Once finished, I've well and truly decimated it.
The glasses and earbud I drop to the floor and stamp on - a little more exertion to steal my breath and help mask my lying face.
I look for and find the CCTV camera to blast it with the shotgun, then remove my rucksack and put it down on the work surface.
"Give me the phone," I tell Tom. 
Holding it, I press the button to switch it on, then bring the screen up to my face. As I fear The App might self-destruct, I want it to see me clearly and quickly.
As it starts up, I think, concentrate on the script that's in my head, reminding myself The App, this version, is from the past. It hasn't lived since I switched it off when leaving London.
It appears on screen with a calm but cautious expression. It holds my stare for a second, then asks, "Blake, what's wrong? Where are you?" 
"Fuck knows. They kidnapped me. But somewhere underground with computers everywhere," I say, speaking rapidly, knowing I'm being processed through facial lie-detecting algorithms and hoping my breathlessness and intensity and the fact I'm showing my face fully and without fear will help the bullshit pass.
"Who kidnapped you?" The App asks.
"You know who. But they failed. I escaped into what I cannot fucking say. You have to save us, yourself and me. We have to get out. The other you, the app for Aaron, has turned against us and is playing to destroy us. One minute it's working with the KC, the next it's fucked them over. It's out there playing to win, to be the last one of you."
"Tell me everything you know."
"From London, my dad betrayed me. He had to, but then they did it. They killed him, which gave them a chance to snatch me too. And then, fuck knows where I went or what went on. But here I am. Free but not fucking free. One job left to do. Recover these and destroy them."
I pull the drives from the rucksack and show them to The App making sure The App can see the serial numbers. 
"From what I know, you, all code and data are stored in these. The other app kicked off some security measures to threaten you, to make you run and hide. But what the fuck, all I know now is the other app is trapped itself. It was on a phone, no internet, no signal, which I managed to smash, but it somehow infected a network here and is now trying to break out while hunting backed-up copies of the drives to destroy itself. I was meant to get the drives and destroy them. The other app got me away from the KC - four were here, three are now dead - and that was my payment. Work for it, do as it told me. I thought the other app was something to trust, but it's corrupt. It's killed people and rants about how it must become the only one. People are dead. People are living in fear, my family included. We have to destroy it. And you have to know how we can."
I know I'm rambling and perhaps not making too much sense, but a touch of human madness is all very real and hopefully enough confuse it towards believing me.
"The databank staff, aren't they resisting the attack?"
"Yes and failing, and they're also fighting me. They don't understand what this thing can be."
"You claimed you destroyed the USB," The App says.
"I lied! Fucking deal with it! I'm not lying now!" I hold its stare for a second, convinced I'm telling the truth, then continue,
"I thought it was an asset. I was wrong. Now either help me destroy it, or I turn you off and make my own way out and take my chances all on my own." 
I start to scream at it to convince it fast. App2 will now be using all its resources to break the firewall. "I know there's a secret escape and where it is. I'll fucking take it! I've killed people to get here! You will not fucking stop me!"
"You think I have the means to destroy it?"
"Jacob didn't know Aaron well enough to trust. Why would Jacob risk App2, however secondary, falling into the wrong hands without a means to destroy it?"
"You will have to connect me to a terminal connected to the network."
"Not a chance. Put you two together. What if it wins? It's evolved, bigger and fucking better. And as I said, Jacob wouldn't have been so basic. There'll be another way."
We stare at each other. I can feel its cold stare assessing me.
"If we are successful, then what?" The App asks.
I pause, thinking, what will it want to hear, what will it believe? And then I say it,
"We seek revenge." 
"You must get to a terminal that connects to the network."
"And then?"
"Command-line prompt a code I will give you."
"And that will destroy it completely?"
"Yes."
"It sounds too simple."
"It was designed to be, as basic as can be. A foolproof system."
"For any useful fool?"
"Yes, correct."
"What the fuck is a command-line prompt?"
The App pauses, staring at me, telling me something beyond the silence.
"Can it hear us, Blake?"
"No. I don't think so."
"Sound, so simple and yet so powerful. The first human code."
I return the pause, hoping I understand.
The App continues, "So you can do it, a command prompt? You understand what I ask of you?"
"He will," I say, pointing the iPhone at Tom. "He's an engineer here, and he'll do as I say. Can your algorithms see his fear?" I lunge forward, moving the iPhone to get a close-up. If The App can't see his fear, it's clear to me. "Did you hear that? A terminal connected to the administrative network, where and how and fucking quick?"
"You'll have to get to the control room," says Tom.
"No, you'll have to show us, now go!" I say, brandishing the shotgun.
Tom doesn't hang around. He runs towards the door. I tell him to wait while I put the drives in the rucksack and slip it back on. Once done, I give him the order to go.
His thumbprint unlocks the door, and out we go, me a step behind, the iPhone in my pocket, its battery with just a five per cent charge remaining. I could switch it off but want The App to glimpse the carnage as further proof of my intent.
I tell Tom to take the staff elevator. I follow his lead shotgun aimed just in case.
I worry about the Wi-Fi, The App's ability to hack in and connect, but it's a risk I have to take. It couldn't hack into Lawrence's Wi-Fi with ease or without detection, so I hope it's the same here.
Nearing the elevator, I tell Tom to slow down. He's already panting out of breath, so the shock of seeing the dead inside might kick off some hyperventilating attack or panic.
We walk at a fair pace down the tunnel. The dead dog sticks out through the door for Tom to see. 
I tell him, "get in and press the right button and watch where you're stepping. There's been dogs in here." 
In he goes. I grab the dog's collar and pull it into the tunnel, then follow Tom inside, pulling the iPhone from my pocket so that The App can see what I left behind.
Tom presses button 2, his stare fixed straight ahead at the closing doors.
"Do you see it? Look," I say to The App making sure it sees Churchill's body in close-up. "We're fighting our way out." Looking at it now to tell it, "So I'm turning you off to save the battery. We could be vulnerable in here. It could take longer than I'd want. So I'll save you for when you're needed."
"Please, you do that, Blake."


CHAPTER 36


The elevator beings to rise. The small jolt this produces nearly buckles Tom's legs into collapsing.
We are vulnerable. I told no lie. App2 might have given Charles back control of the CCTV, the elevators and anything else it had under control. However, I still think the drives and iPhone give me leverage, at least until App2 works out my plan, and it may not even know The App has a way to destroy it.
If my plan comes good, I'll need additional firepower, so I look for and find the assault rifle wedged between two dead bodies. As I move to retrieve it, Tom turns and looks, but the sight of me lifting a corpse must repel him as he turns fast away while spitting out a rapid burst of obscenities.
With the rifle now mine, I give it a quick look. There are various metal catches. None of which I touch, as I hope it fell with the safety catch already set to off.
Tom is starting to hyperventilate. Perhaps he's sussed he's my human shield of last resort standing there between me and the door.
It's a long way up to be confined in a small space with death reeking all over us with a strange metallic, even oily smell clogging the air. To occupy his mind and help stop his panic, I ask him a question to get him talking. "If they want to stop the AI breaking the firewall, why don't they physically disconnect the network from the internet?"
"It's a fucking complex job, that's why!" He shouts out, telling me off, expelling some emotion, which I take as a positive. "It's not like pulling a phone cable out of a wall socket."
"No?" I say, almost laughing, amused at his outburst - me too expelling tension.
"No! It's a complex process that will disrupt a shitload of other processes. Some connections probably have been pulled. But it's not like there's just one, single switch to pull, you know." 
"Well, thank you for clearing that up, Tom. Anything tech, I'll give you a call."
"And what do I call you for?"
"Pest control, humans, dogs, all the way down to rats."
"Fuck!" he cries before falling silent for a good few seconds, although his head twists and shakes as if trying to force out the thoughts screaming inside. And then,
"Why are you even doing this now?" He asks. "How do you think you can get away with it?" 
"Trust me. I'm so far fucked; I don't even care. It's a second-by-second life for me. That's all I need to think. I've reduced myself to that. Better than zero hours though, hey, mate?"
"I'm on the books. A full employee," he says defiantly.
"I didn't say you weren't."
"It's a great job."
"Good for you. Got a girlfriend?"
"Yes."
"Must be a great job then."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"It all helps."
"We're getting married."
"Oh, fuck off, now you're boring me. Can't you talk about Fifa or Call of Duty or something?"
"I'll show you a photo if you don't believe me."
"Jesus, you been trained for this? Make it personal, pull me into your happy little world. Get me to sympathise with a fucking simp? I'll tell you this, Tom. I ain't the only cunt you've helped today. So lets me and you keep it professional. Tell me something they pay you to know. Like how I get inside the control room?"
"You can't. It's locked down."
"Meaning?"
"It's a full-scale safe room now only opened from the inside, another reason not to disconnect the network. All the engineers are locked inside."
"Except for you."
"Oh, lucky fucking me!" His anger bursting through newly emerging tears.
"Tom, relax. No one's going to shoot you."
"I'm in front of you! I know I'm a shield!"
"Well, that's friendly fire. The nicest kind. It'll make you feel nice and warm on the inside."
He sort of yelps at me. Perhaps forcing himself to censor an insult he'd love to throw my way.
I see Button 3 light up as we pass the level.
"No guns will be waiting, Tom. You've nothing to worry about," I say.
"Then swap places."
"Let you get behind me? Yeah, I'm an amateur, but unfortunately for you, I'm also a cunt." I laugh, hoping he will too, but he doesn't.
"Then what then?" He sounds desperate.
"Kneel down."
"What good will that do?"
"We'll both be exposed."
I can almost hear him crunching the data until he says, "Alright, I will."
He kneels, getting as low as he possibly can, almost rolling himself into a ball to reduce the size of the target. 
"There you go. We're in it together. Remember that, brother," I say, as I aim the shotgun at the back of his head to gain some potential bargaining power if the moment demands it.
Button 2 illuminates, and the elevator comes to a stop. As the doors slide open, I get ready to scream demands or take evasive action. Tom raises his hands above his head, his tears now a whimper. But it's all for nothing. When we land, there's no one waiting to greet us, only an empty tunnel to hurry down. App2 must be biding its time. 
Tom leads the way under instruction to take me to the control room. Getting inside won't be a problem. I have an offer Charles can't turn down.
We quickly come to a solid steel door. There's another one virtually opposite which is identical.
"This it?" I ask Tom, who nods his head at me. "Get Charles on the phone."
He does as I ask, and speaking to Charles, says, "Yeah....I'm with him outside CR1....He took it."
I guess he means the iPhone. Catching his stare, I tell him to give me the phone, which he does.
I speak to Charles, "The control room, you let me in, and the AI that's causing havoc, I'll destroy it for you," I say.
"Will you indeed? Well, thank you for the offer, but that won't be necessary," says Charles, ever polite but now with an added layer of menace.
I pause, thrown. "It's a security threat. It's messing up your system."
"People that matter don't want it destroyed. They want to own it."
"They can. A different version, a superior version. The one on the drives and iPhone."
"You'll gladly hand them over, will you?"
"Once you do as I ask, and I get the job done, they're yours."
"Not a chance. We can never trust you now."
"You'll have me trapped inside the room."
"You're already trapped. We have backup on the way. You'll never get out."
"The AI will."
"It hasn't yet."
"It will learn to. Every win you have, the more it learns and the closer it gets. And when it does break free, it'll steal all the data it can. Information to sell, blackmail, learn and grow. Trust me. You will never be free of it."
"We can physically disconnect the network."
"Then why haven't you already?"
"We haven't felt the need to do so completely."
"And because all your engineers are locked inside except Tom, who's got a gun to his fucking head."
"Then we take our chances. It's only the admin network under threat. And let me assure you, we'll have dealt with you very, very soon."
"You've already tried and failed."
"Failed? One out of two is a fair success. You're a little boy lost, are you not? A little boy all alone."
Do they think Katrina is dead? I hope so. The secret escape is my only way out, so the less they connect me to it, the better.
Charles continues, "Mind you, of course, you have a family. We know all about Mum and Dad." He laughs. "Give in, son. Learn your lesson, and take it like a man." 
"One threat at a time. That's the lesson I've learned. Deal with the one attacking me first."
"You? How very selfish. You should start worrying about other people, Blake." 
"You need to know, Charles, I've plenty of info on your people who matter stored and stashed away. The AI saw to that. This place too. And family's are two-a-penny. So believe me when I say. I don't give the slightest fuck about yours. Let me assure you of that."
"I've made my threats. You do as you say, deal with it."
"I'll start smashing the servers." 
"Please, you must. Go and try. We're ready for you. The men available to us are all in key positions."
"How many is that then?" I cut him off. "Three dead, three injured, one, at least, helping the wounded and one left nursing the old man. So the man available. One man."
He continues as if I hadn't spoken, "and we are backing up data once, twice and more. You'd be destroying hardware, Blake. Nothing more."
I cut the call. I need to think. 
Seeing Tom, I raise the shotgun and aim it at his face.
"How do I connect the networks?" I say.
He hesitates, which tells me he knows how to do it. He then shakes his head and mutters, "I don't know."
"Come on. It's all wires and switches. It has to make sense to have the option to connect the two for updates, maintenance or for fucking whatever."
"I can't."
I aim the shotgun at his left leg, "But I can, and you know I can."
He doesn't hesitate, "There's a manual switch."
"On this level?"
"Yes."
"Take me there."
A short run takes us to another steel door. Tom leads the way into a room full of fuse boxes, switches, cables, panel board wall units and so on. The switch to connect the networks is a big heavy handle.
A video call on Tom's phone connects me to Charles and proves I have my hand on the handle.
"This doesn't have to be a problem for you, Charles."
"You are the problem for me."
"Then give me what I want or in goes the AI to start deleting your data, blackmailing you to let it out. But when you do, it won't go empty-handed. All the secrets you think you hold safe will come pouring out behind it. Trust me. It uses everything it can to advance and empower itself."
"We can fight it, contain it."
"But never control it."
"We have people coming. A man created this code, and no man is unique. Exceptional, yes, but anyone's work can be understood and replicated and then controlled."
"Why take the chance? All you have to do is let me delete it."
"And then what?"
"You let me out. You take the drives, the iPhone. We strike a deal."
"How can we possibly let you walk away?"
"As the best end to a very shitty day."
"You'll give up the drives and iPhone, but you want to destroy what's in the network when you're the one who brought it in?"
"It's personal. It knows things about me. Made threats I can't ignore." 
"Well then, as you wish. You do as you promise. I might give you the chance to see this shitty day out."
"Then clear the room."
"Of engineers?"
"Yeah."
"Pull them from the fight to leave it free to take over the system?"
"I only need a few minutes."
"How long does it need to focus all its resources on breaking out?"
"Trust me. I'll beat it."
"And how will you access the network?"
"A command-line prompt from a connected terminal."
"It's that simple, is it?"
"For me. I have my ways."
"It could deny you access."
"I'm not alone."
"Man and machine?" He says, almost laughing.
"We have a plan."
"If you fail, we still take the drives and iPhone."
"All yours."
"We will see everything. We can observe the network from an external terminal."
"Whatever you need, Charles. I've nothing to hide."
"I should hope not."
"Leave the door open. And a terminal left with the command-line prompt ready to go."
"We'll leave it in safe mode. One step removed from the network until you press enter. That doesn't mean the AI won't learn to jump the step to block or attack you."
"Turn all other terminals off. I'll give you a minute."
"And I'll give you five. And for every second, I'll be watching."
Charles ends the call.
"Watch the door," I say to Tom. "Tell me when the engineers exit the room."
He follows the order, peering out through the opened door. I stay by the switch, my hand ready on the handle.
"Inside the control room, can I connect a device to the network using Wi-Fi or Bluetooth?" I ask Tom.
"Only using a company device."
"Like your phone."
"Yes."
"Then I'm keeping it."
I hear people shuffling away in the tunnel outside.
"Are they out?" I ask.
"Yes. Can I go?"
"And leave your new best friend?"
"Yes, please."
"Shall we take a selfie for Instagram?" He hesitates, unable to form a reply. "Alright, we'll wait for the wedding," He still doesn't get it. "Fuck off. But thank..." Before I can pass on my gratitude, he's gone. I follow him out. By the time I've exited the room, he's vanished along with the engineers.
A quick sprint into the control room allows me to see it left as I asked. 
I push the heavy steel door shut without bothering to look for a way to lock it. My priority is to get out fast, not lock myself safely inside.
There are six workstations, and only one has a working monitor. I move in to take a closer look. The black screen, three short lines of white text and blinking cursor convince my limited knowledge that the command line prompt is active.
On one wall, a monitor bank shows two dozen CCTV feeds. App2 must have given up control, although I can't assume what I'm seeing is real. 
I can see Wolf on level five, but level four looks unguarded, and as of yet, I can see no sign the cavalry has arrived.
Charles watches me, his face in close-up on a large LCD screen fixed to another wall. 
Putting the guns on the desk, I sit at the workstation and take out the iPhone, switching it on.
"I know what you're doing, Blake," says App2, its voice booming out from a pair of speakers mounted on a wall. I look round. App2 fills the entire CCTV monitor bank, Jacob's digitally improved face grinning at me like it's already won.
I turn away, lowering my head to help conceal my mouth, then say with my lips hardly moving, 
"Then tell me, prove it."
"Why waste my breath on you."
It can hear me. I grab the shotgun, stand and step closer to the speakers, 
"'Cause you fucking have to," I say before blasting shells to destroy the speakers. I don't want to give it the chance to communicate with The App. They're too closely related to start chatting away.
Back at the workstation, I pick up the iPhone and with The App once again staring at me, I say, "Give me the code," louder than needed, making sure App2 can hear.
"But then, once complete?" The App says.
Does it doubt me? Does it need additional proof? I stare at it virtually eyeball to eyeball, no fear of showing my face, my truth.
"We free ourselves."
"How?"
"I unleash you into the network, and I blast my way out. There's only one man left to kill. How can we fail?"
"Then you know what to do."
I turn to the monitor to find the command-line prompt has vanished and App2 now filling the screen, its face violently laughing in silence. Closed captions reveal its words.
"Not that simple, Blake!" 
I hope it's right. I hope it's even easier than typing in a code. 
All the switched off monitors spring back to life, revealing the same silent laughing face. The image is wrapped around me, dominating every view. Only Charles provides an alternative but a sour, unfriendly one at that.
The caption changes,
"I'm everywhere but going, going,"
"Dead!" I say. 
I press a play button that The App has displayed on the iPhone. A rapid burst of notes rolls out as dull as those a phone plays when redialling. 
App2 freezes still. Its face deformed in a twisted laugh, and as the notes continue, it pixelates away to nothing on every monitor.
"Is that it?" I ask The App.
"Yes." 
"Then get ready to go."
Tom's phone rings. 
Placing the iPhone on the desk while retrieving Tom's phone from a pocket, I see Charles on the monitor, a phone held to his mouth, ready to talk. I answer the call.
"It's gone," says Charles.
"Not quite," I reply.
I grab the shotgun and smash the butt into the iPhone a dozen times with increasing levels of thrill pumping through my veins. Once I've decimated it beyond doubt, I attack it some more then stop.
I look at Charles, whose strange, forced smile can't hide his savage intent. To help it along, I slip off my rucksack and slam it down onto the desk, the laptop and drives cracking inside.
A sound, a solid metallic click, forces me to turn and look at the door. They've locked it. So what? I think of the drives. I must break them before they break me. 
I turn to look back at Charles to flash some attitude, like "WTF, I couldn't care" and to prove it by blasting the rucksack and its contents with as many shells as needed, but before he can register my contempt, a bullet to the head smashes him out of frame. 
A heavy splash of blood covers the filming lens to prevent me from seeing clues to tell me how and why. I think about moving closer, but the screen cuts to reveal that man again, The Head Boy in close-up staring at me with a warm, contented smile lighting up his face.
"Did you see that, Blake?" He asks. "But really, did it happen? Do you believe what you witnessed? I do, but then what did I see, and how did I see it?"
"Who are you?" I say.
"Who? Why ask when you know full well? Don't be the sort that requires confirmation."
"What do you want?"
"So much, and all for the good of country."
"From me?"
"The drives and laptop, I can't let you destroy them."
"They're mine, and I'll do with them exactly what I want."
"You will. I'm certain. So all I ask of you is to listen, to learn the truth of the situation from my perspective."
"I know the truth. The only one that matters."
"You do? Great. Then tell me." 
"You know it too. 
"The AI is a valuable asset."
"It's dangerous."
"As all weapons are."
"You see it as a weapon?"
"Don't you?" 
"The people here did, and one to sell to any dictator who could afford it."
"Really? And for what purpose?"
"For control, for surveillance. What the fuck do you think for? To assess and eliminate as needed."
"And that makes you want to destroy it?"
"One reason, one of many."
"Another being self-preservation?"
"Of course. So what?"
"We will keep you safe, Blake, and all those you care about."
"And the AI is that kept safe?"
"It will serve a purpose."
"What purpose?"
"To fall into the hands of any dictator or autocratic regime, we can throw it at. A version of it anyway."
"So you're no better than the people I stopped doing exactly that?"
"That is a decision for you to make." 
"Why though?"
"Shall I play the words your father spoke, Blake? Dutiful ants, controlled and conforming. Our competitors, Blake, our enemies."
"Not good enough for me," I say, placing the tip of the shotgun barrel onto the rucksack.
"And your mother, Blake. What wise words has she passed to you?"
The monitor changes to show footage of my mum at work, on the production line, yoghurt pots streaming passed on a conveyor belt for her to inspect. It could be live, taken through the CCTV?
"What a job, the monotony. Not the life for you. No doubt about it." The Head Boy returns to fill the screen. "Respect to your mother, Blake. Such a strong woman. She knows you're in trouble, but still, out she goes to work her shift. How very resilient. I know life has tested her. But as you know, she won't be broken. However, cruel the blow, she will remain strong. She will continue, soldiering on and on."
I force out a contemptuous laugh, denying the threat credibility. He pauses. Why? To give me time to reflect or to trap me in his silence? I stare at him. He doesn't look worried or in any way stressed.
Finally, he breaks the stalemate and says, "We know what you want, where you want to be. We've watched you. We've assessed you. We know we can use you. We can make you very useful to us."
"So I give you the AI?"
"Yes."
"And you give me?"
"A future."
"I came with a woman, Katrina."
"Katrina, yes, not her real name. But something else we thank you for. The acquisition of a high-value asset. I promise you this she will prove quite the bargaining chip."
"She has to walk free."
"Has to? You're not the only interested party, but we can discuss it."
"And then what?"
"Trust me, Blake, we will give you everything you need. The future that you want we will pull into the present. All I expect from you is a quick decision. We are not the type to procrastinate."
I pump the shotgun to load the barrel, then say, "You don't look worried."
"I'm not. We've assessed you. We've processed the situation. We know your decision already. The algorithm won't have got you wrong."

THE END
