Convicted Innocent
by Meggie Taylor
Convicted Innocent
By Meggie Taylor
Copyright 2014 Meggie Taylor
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Table of Contents
Title page
Copyright
Acknowledgments
Characters
Prologue
Friday
Saturday
Sunday morning
Sunday afternoon
Epilogue
About the author
Visit me!
Nods and smiles
to Amy, my perpetual sounding board,
and to all who have supported my writing passion
with their love and candid advice
Characters (alphabetical order)
Bartholomew, Simon - police sergeant; DI Tipple’s assistant and sounding board for the duration of the case
Bates - the warden at Holloway Prison
Bradtree, Eustace - plainclothes detective sergeant; speaks with a lisp; assisted DI Tipple at the station
Burberry, (Mr.) - half-blind witness to the kidnapping
Carew, Violet - David Powell’s childhood sweetheart; appears only in a dream
Colmes - police sergeant and PC Simmons’s immediate supervisor; mentioned only
Duke, Conway - Nicholas Harker’s uncle; not part of the Harker clan
Ediker, Corbin - convict; overheard a discussion in prison that set in motion the kidnapping
Fred - Corbin Ediker’s pal; mentioned only
Frost - police constable; assisted DI Tipple with Conway Duke’s interview
Gervais, Milo - the murder victim that resulted in Nicholas Harker’s arrest; rival to Harker clan; mentioned only
Griffiths - guard at Holloway Prison
Haggerty, Broderick - plainclothes detective sergeant; assisted with the maps in the tunnels
Hansworth, (Dr.) - police coroner; mentioned only
Harker, Archibald - Nicholas Harker’s uncle; the factory owner
Harker, Ernest - Nicholas Harker’s great-grandfather; former patriarch of the Harker clan; deceased; mentioned only
Harker, Nicholas - also goes by Innocent; the patsy
Harker, Rafe - Nicholas Harker’s father; deceased; mentioned only
Harker, Winston - Nicholas Harker’s grandfather; current patriarch of the Harker clan and once a suspected murderer/rapist; mentioned only
Innocent - the name Nicholas Harker prefers to be called
Little - police constable; doesn’t know what an albatross looks like
Marquette, Henri - one of David Powell’s language student; Elise Marquette’s husband; mentioned only
Marquette, Elise - Henri Marquette’s wife
Marsh, (Mrs.) - Lewis Todd’s landlady
Marvelle, Penelope - also goes by Penny; David Powell’s friend and Lewis Todd’s quasi love interest
McNamara, Angus - Cat’s husband and Agnes (Annie) McNamara’s father; mentioned only
McNamara, Annie - first name is Agnes; Cat’s daughter; mentioned only
Mercers - a Portsmouth gang
Nolan, John - police sergeant; telephoned DI Tipple about a new murder early in the morning
O'Malley, Frank - murder victim; Nicholas Harker’s friend
Powell, Agatha - David Powell’s eldest sister; mentioned only
Powell, David - priest; Lewis Todd’s best friend and fellow kidnapping victim
Powell, Lucy - David Powell’s second eldest sister; mentioned only
Powell, Margaret - also goes by Maggie; David Powell’s twin sister; mentioned only
Powell/McNamara, Catherine - also goes by Cat; David Powell’s youngest sister; Angus McNamara’s wife and Agnes (Annie) McNamara’s mother; mentioned only
Simmons - police constable; alerted DI Tipple to Nicholas Harker’s disappearance
Tipple, Mathilda - also goes by Hildy; Horace Tipple’s wife
Tipple, Horace - also goes by Rory; plainclothes detective inspector; Mathilda Tipple’s husband; leads the investigation against the Harkers and the hunt for the missing men
Todd, Lewis - also goes by Lew; police sergeant; David Powell’s best friend and fellow kidnapping victim; DI Tipple’s protégé
Venn - a thug with particular animosity for David Powell
Prologue
London, early April 1887
Corbin Ediker spat through the bars into the hallway, the brown stream of tobacco juices widening a damp patch on the bricks he’d been working on for a while now. T’weren’t much else to do in lock-up. The guards didn’t like him or any of the other inmates spitting on the floor, but it wasn’t as though there were anywhere else to aim.
‘Cept the pisspot, Corbin supposed, but he wasn’t inclined to turn his head in that direction.
In any case, the guards’ apoplexy was far more intriguing. Prison was hideously dull, even though Corbin had never been in more than a month at a time. This particular stint at Holloway had run about two weeks now – yes, thirteen days – and he wasn’t even in gaol proper yet. No, he and a few of his crewmates (and their patsy) had been collared just a fortnight ago and were awaiting the conclusion of the trials. If convicted, all six of them would be heading north on life sentences of hard labor.
Their patsy would hang.
As the plan had gone the last three or four times, this wouldn’t happen. Well, the boss’s red herring still would get his neck stretched. After all, that was his purpose. But the rest of them would slip free. Somehow, the case against them would fall apart and onto the patsy’s shoulders, and Corbin was looking forward to the trial’s conclusion.
The boss had picked a real sharp one this time to take the fall. Normally, the patsy wasn’t too bright, but setting up a chap to eat a murder charge? The kid was a guaranteed imbecile. Like as not, the dolt wouldn’t realize what had hit him until the noose pulled tight around his neck. And then, what for it? He’d be dead moments after.
Corbin just wished the boss could’ve found another method for evading the police besides having members of his crew – namely, himself – arrested from time to time. ‘Course, the boss was a fair amount smarter than he was. In fact, the man had to be a bloody genius. Else, who could run such smashing cons under the nose of the law? Corbin had never known anyone who could wreak such havoc, prop up someone or some other gang to take the blame, and emerge on the other side without the public being any wiser.
This time, from what Corbin had learned since his arrest, the boss had set up some old London crime family – the patsy’s family, in fact. With the patsy at the center of the public’s attention, that family sure seemed to be drawing the city’s ire.
His boss had to be the most infamous of unknown men, and Corbin would make no claims above his station.
Need a few heads bruised? Bones broken? Shops torched? Corbin’s your man. Just keep the pay nice and steady, and no questions asked.
And since the boss kept his end of the bargain, only requiring those few distasteful stints behind bars, Corbin wasn’t inclined to grumble much.
He even got visitors and a steady supply of tobacco.
…True, the prison food was awful, and there was no bed, no privacy, and the boredom….
He wouldn’t grumble too much. Or too loudly. Mustn’t let the boss think Corbin was dissatisfied; otherwise, he might find himself alongside the next patsy.
Corbin drew back from the bars as one of the guards started clanking his nightstick on the iron as he made his way down the hall. The clanging warned blokes to step back and not try anything, else the club would happily be brought down on flesh and bone, rather than unfeeling metal. Seeing this happen once was enough for Corbin.
‘Sides, why make this temporary stint anymore unpleasant than it already was?
The bobby had someone in tow – a visitor, most likely. Though it was much too early in the day for Corbin’s mate Fred to come by, Corbin leaned close to the bars (still out of the bobby’s reach, though) in interest.
Most visitors were weeping or ranting family, the occasional physician, or the frequent solicitor, but sometimes a chap like Fred would turn up. Not that Fred ever said what the boss was up to in the Queen’s English (he and Corbin weren’t fools: ‘shaw! that’s what codes were for). But not everyone was as smart.
In which case, Corbin would listen and then pass along what he heard to the boss. Last time, when he’d been working a job for the boss in Portsmouth and the local constabulary played into the boss’s hand, Corbin had managed to overhear plans one of their rival crews had been putting together. Once he’d passed along this information, the boss had not only managed to squash the other gang, but also made them his patsy. Magicians would’ve been in awe of the boss’s sleight of hand.
Sodding idiots. That’s what codes are for, Corbin thought to himself with a remembered sneer.
He plucked the spent wad of tobacco from his cheek with brown-stained fingers and flicked it onto the floor of the corridor, trying to provoke an outburst from the guard. Recollecting his rivals’ past stupidities had gotten Corbin’s blood pumping, and he felt a confrontation with the guards wouldn’t be amiss.
But the bobby – a rotund, wheezy, sallow-faced fellow with bad breath and a squint – didn’t notice. He’d stopped across the hall with the visitor and one cell short of Corbin’s, and he wasn’t facing Corbin’s direction.
No matter. The visitor should prove entertaining enough. After all, he appeared to be a doddering old fool of a man, his lined face creased in concern for whichever poor sod he was calling on.
A moment, though.
Now that he was looking well and good at the old, bow-legged chap, Corbin thought he knew him. He peered closer through the dim glow the lamps in the corridor afforded, brow furrowed. When he realized the fellow was speaking with the boss’s dolt of a scapegoat, Corbin was sure of it.
What’re you up to, old Frank? he wondered, straining his ears to hear the low-pitched conversation. He wished he could yell for the other prisoners to shut their yappers, since the usual yammering and arguing commonplace in the cells continued unabated. But that wouldn’t be smart. Yelling would only encourage more yelling, and the conversation would be even harder to hear.
So he held his breath and listened carefully, trying to tune out every other murmur and wail and curse.
As what he heard over the next quarter hour of the patsy’s halting stutter and old Frank’s raspy grumble sunk into Corbin’s brain, he felt his blood chill.
If ever the boss’s plans could fail, sending Corbin, all his crewmates…maybe even the boss himself…to jail or the noose, this would be the time. That conversation would be the death of them all, should the proper authorities learn of it.
Had old Frank’s escort realized what was happening? No, that tub of lard was scratching a sweat-stained armpit, uncaring.
But the patsy still had ample time to share his tale in court where there were bobbies and magistrates who did care – old Frank, too – and the thought made a cold sweat prickle on Corbin’s skin.
Then he almost laughed aloud as the panic abruptly broke.
Fred had yet to come by today. And the two of them could speak in code. In code.
Assured he could pass along whatever information the old chap and the patsy were so stupidly divulging, Corbin leaned against the wall separating his cell from the next and continued listening.
The boss would have plenty of time to set up a counter scheme, and, as he’d done in the past, the genius rewarded loyalty such as Corbin’s most handsomely.
Yes, Corbin thought this turn of events could actually spell a turning point in his career. Maybe even win him his own team and a con or two to run himself. After all, thinking a little – just a very little – was something the boss prized almost as highly as unquestioning loyalty.
Corbin smiled.
Friday
Late April 1887
David Powell fished a few coins out of his pocket, selected a tuppence piece, and traded it with the newsboy for a paper.
It was late morning, the early spring air just warm enough to be comfortable without yet feeling hot. David had finished teaching his morning class only an hour or so ago, and he only taught the one on Fridays. Normally he would be heading for home now, but a few errands begged his attention first.
For one, he needed to drop by his solicitor’s to see if the situation had changed about the property he wanted to buy.
‘Buy’ was perhaps too strong a word…‘acquire’ was more appropriate. He needed to acquire a building to serve as a school for the English language classes he taught, as he was currently working out of borrowed digs. And since the funds he was cobbling together to finance the undertaking were hardly his own (poor clergymen had to rely on others’ benefaction), he would be acquiring premises in the end.
Hopefully.
Having the keys to a building – any building – for the sake of his school would be fantastic. So he needed to meet with his solicitor.
But first he had another errand to run.
…Or was it two? David had a sudden suspicion he was forgetting something as he strode through the noisy bustle that was Commercial Road. No matter. He’d recollect it eventually.
He’d only gone a block or so down the wide thoroughfare when the sight of a mass of people blocking most of the street made him pause.
The mob seemed a peaceable sort, he determined after a moment, and Lord knew they were common enough nowadays. A few beehive-helmeted policemen were keeping the crowd in check to allow street traffic to continue flowing, but they weren’t otherwise interfering.
The protesters seemed to be mostly women. A spark of curiosity almost drove David closer to find out what they were on about. Was it a workers’ movement? A suffrage gathering? The temperance society?
But he desisted, figuring they wouldn’t be vacating that part of the street or pavement any time soon. He could find out after he paid a visit to his friend.
Well, David didn’t suppose he’d actually find his best mate, Lewis Todd, at his flat right then. The chap was a police sergeant, a bobby just like the blokes now patrolling the mob, and he tended to work longer hours than most folk.
In fact, David knew his friend had recently been involved in some arrests that had brought a rather notorious East End crime family to court: the trials were still in full swing. He was sure the paper under his arm shrieked the details of the proceedings in the headlines.
In any case, Lew was probably testifying or waiting to do so even as he thought about it.
A voice hailed David just then, and he paused to speak with the young woman, the wife of one of his students. Elise Marquette had one of her children clutching at her skirts, and the little girl stared up in silent interest at her mother and David as the two conversed.
The Marquettes had only been in London for about six months, but Henri had found steady work at an industrial millinery almost immediately. On account of his lessons with David, though, the Frenchman’s broken English had improved to the point that he’d recently been promoted to shift leader, news which Elise shared with shy delight.
Just after he and Mrs. Marquette parted, someone else caught David’s arm with a greeting and a grin. Another few minutes passed, and when that conversation ended, another followed, then another. David belatedly realized that if he wished to accomplish anything further that morning he would have to be rude or make his way off Commercial.
He chose the latter, and David slipped down a much less crowded and far narrower alley as soon as the opportunity presented itself. He could cut through here, zigzag down a few streets, and leave a note with his friend’s landlady within a few minutes. Then he could come back and let the passersby and protesters demand as much of his attention as they wanted.
…No. Hang it all – he’d forgotten about the solicitor…and whatever that something else was.
Shaking his head at himself, David strolled briskly down the close-walled street. From Commercial, the roadway looked as though it dead-ended in a row of tenements, but David knew the street actually doglegged around the buildings and continued on. Still, the appearance thinned the foot traffic considerably, even to the point that he was practically alone when he turned the first corner at the end of the tenement. The clotheslines overhead dimmed the sunlight and dampened the street noise, granting a respite from Whitechapel’s often-raucous vivacity.
Around the next corner, that solitude ended rudely.
Not fifteen feet away, four blue-jacketed bobbies were struggling mightily to hold a fifth to the ground.
For a moment, David wondered if the man on the ground, a dark-haired chap whose helmet had fallen off, was a having a fit and the other four were trying to aid him.
In the next, however, he realized he was very wrong. The four bobbies holding the other down were being quite rough about it, and then the man on the cobbles twisted around. David felt his pulse quicken when he saw the fellow’s face.
The fifth man was Lewis Todd, and his expression was furious. When he caught sight of David, his eyes widened and he tried to shout something, but one of others had a hand over his mouth. The sound came out muffled, but Lewis’s meaning was clear.
These men were hardly there to help him.
David found himself running forward before he even consciously thought to do so. Lewis would’ve done the same for him, after all.
But then, Lew was quite formidable in a fight. What was more, the man was a good head taller, a few stone heavier, and much more agile and muscled than just about anyone David knew. The chap had even been a champion prizefighter at one time.
David was quite the opposite. Sure, he knew how to throw a punch if necessary, despite the fact that his profession was supposed to be a peaceful one. But he was short where his friend was tall, no more dexterous or athletic than the average man, and boyishly unassuming where Lew could be downright ferocious.
That didn’t stop David from hurling himself at the nearest of his friend’s attackers with a wordless shout. The tackle took them both to the ground, and the priest was pleased to see out of the corner of his eye that his intervention allowed Lewis a chance to change the fight’s momentum. In a heartbeat, his best mate surged to his feet and managed to lay one attacker low with a belt to the chin.
Then an elbow caught David in the mouth and he lost his grip on the man he’d tackled.
“Run, David!” Lewis bellowed, still fending off his assailants.
The words made sense, and David thought he might’ve been able to comply, but fists had followed the elbow to his face, and he was now quite dazed. Too dizzy to do much more than lurch unsteadily to his feet when the man he’d jumped turned his attention back to Lewis Todd. Far too dizzy to run away.
Perhaps he might still be able to distract the other bobbies – though they weren’t that, were they? – from their attentions to his friend…
—Wait. Was he seeing double? David wondered, for the number assaulting the policeman seemed to have swelled. Too many to count at a dazed glance, in any case, and Lewis was soon lost to sight under a violent surge.
Though the priest tried to yank one of the assailants away from his friend, a pair of burly arms grabbed David from behind and hauled him backward. Off balance, the priest was unable to resist to any effect and found himself crammed against the alley wall, trapped and immobilized by the owner of the burly arms.
David craned his neck around (as much as he was able with a meaty palm across his mouth) and managed to spy his friend lying crumpled and unmoving on the cobbles once the surge of men drew back.
Horror shocked its way through him like a bolt of lightning.
“Go about your way, if you please,” one of the men said abruptly, his tone startlingly polite, city accent mostly gone. “Just police business ‘ere.”
He was speaking to someone just out of the priest’s line of sight. Had help come? Had another passerby seen or heard the scuffle and thought to intervene? Surely the tumult had attracted attention, though the assault had lasted almost no time at all.
Hope faded in David’s breast when no further conversation was had with the newcomer, and their assailants – yes, a few more had joined the original four, for a total of seven – paused to confer with one another as they stood over the policeman.
“Wha’ we do now?” one asked as he caught his breath. “Leave ‘em ‘ere?”
“Two blokes knowed each other an’ seen our faces. They’d tell the blighted p’lice,” another fretted as he righted his fake bobby’s uniform, which had been pulled askew in the tussle.
“This one ‘ere is th’ p’lice, y’dullard.”
“Hi don’t fancy ha killin’ in broad daylight,” the first chap grumbled. 
“Two killins,” another grumped.
David’s heart lurched unsteadily once – twice – at their casually spoken words, and then his pulse returned to a steady, if galloping, pace.
Oh God.
A thin, fair-haired bloke was going through Lewis’s pockets as the others muttered to each other; what looked like a letter or two, a little book, and a few other odds and ends disappeared into the attacker’s possession. When the blond fellow finished, he stood and silenced his comrades with a curt gesture.
“Shut yer soddin’ gobs. Botched hit, didn’t we? They know each other, ‘ave seen us, an’ killin’ ‘em now’d be daft. Too public. So we takes ‘em wif us. Load ‘em up in the wagon ‘afore someone wif more stones ‘appens upon us.”
Apparently this man was the leader, for the others did exactly as he said.
David found himself yanked around, frog-marched to a side alley, and bodily thrust into what looked very much like a police wagon, the sort used for inmate transport. Once he’d been thrown inside, the door was slammed shut, leaving the priest alone with two of his assailants. One of them trussed David up with eerie proficiency, binding his wrists behind him as though he were wearing a set of police cuffs, and then fitted him with a blindfold and gag made from a pair of musty handkerchiefs. The other helped himself to the contents of David’s pockets.
A few moments later, the sound of men dragging something – someone – heavy reached David’s ears, and he almost sighed in relief. Briefly, he’d thought they might decide Lewis was too much of a bother to haul away alive, and finish him on the spot.
“Oof!” One of the men said scowlingly from just outside the wagon. “Why’d you ‘ave to brain the bugger? ‘E’s bloody ‘eavy!”
“Shut hit!” the leader snapped as the door opened.
Amid a round of grunts and groans, David felt as much as heard them hoist his friend’s limp form into the vehicle, leaving the unconscious policeman to sprawl on the floorboards. Several more of their attackers jostled their way into the back, then the door slammed shut.
Within a half-dozen hammering heartbeats, they were underway. David tried briefly to figure where they were going by the twists and turns of the road and what little he could hear over the vehicle’s clatter, but his thoughts (though clearing) were still too jumbled for that.
In maybe twenty minutes or half an hour, they arrived at their destination.
God only knew where that was.
* * * * *
Detective Inspector Horace Tipple twirled his watch on its fob once, then twice in irritation as he paced back and forth in the hallway behind the trial chamber at the courthouse.
He’d missed lunch due to the proceedings and, given the way that Friday afternoon was unfolding, tea would likely come and go without him seeing a crumb as well. Lawyers were making a hash of things as usual, and everything that should’ve been straightforward, given the evidence the police investigations had turned up, was being bent backward and twisted to nonsensical proportions in the way that lawyers were always wont to do.
Shakespeare certainly had it right, he groused to himself.
To make matters worse, the cart carrying his murder suspect from the prison a few miles away was late. ‘Twas a pity the ever-crowded Newgate was currently experiencing a nasty bout of influenza, else the man on trial could have been conveniently held next door.
He’d waited years for this trial, having dogged the Harker family for the greater part of his career. The Harkers were one part legitimate mercantile titans, nine parts crooks and thieves and cutthroat extortionists. They had the means and influence of the old aristocracy without any of the titles and traditional restraints of class, and this (and no small amount of cunning) gave them power. They’d been in court a number of times – a few even due to Horace’s patient hounding – but they had always slipped the charges.
Then, finally, Horace had caught one of their young scions very nearly in the act of murder. Well, one of the inspector’s men had made the arrest, but the pair of them had worked the subsequent investigation together. And that investigation yielded a veritable treasure trove of damning evidence against the entire Harker family. On account of that one arrest, Horace hoped the Harker empire would come crashing down like a house of cards.
Of course, the trial was a nightmare of a court case, for the Harker lawyers were masters of minutiae and legal sleight of hand. And, as always, the Harkers had rallied around their delinquent kinsman to present a united, ‘we are wrongfully accused’ front to the public. Nevertheless, the inspector was fairly confident that the weight of the police evidence, the testimony of the few key witnesses, and the ponderous, yet precise English judicial system would prevail.
With a concerted effort, then, Horace checked his ire. He’d waited fifteen years for this trial: what were a few more days or weeks? After all, the death of all the lawyers wouldn’t make the proceedings go any more quickly, and the streets were often quite congested between Holloway and the Old Bailey.
As for the missed meals, Hildy would say he could stand to skip one or two quite comfortably….
So he halted his pacing and put his watch back in his pocket.
Calm, Horace told himself. A copper is always calm.
“Constable Simmons,” he said, snagging the elbow of a passing bobby he recognized. “Is there word on either our suspect or that witness...Frank O’Malley? Both are past due for arrival.”
The constable looked strangely discomfited as he replied, “Sir: no word on Mr. O’Malley.”
Simmons hesitated.
The inspector noticed a curious trace of sweat beading on the constable’s brow. Was poor chap taking ill?
“And the suspect?” Horace prompted when the other only stood there fidgeting.
“Ah…I thought you might have already heard, sir. Paddy wagon collected the suspect at the correct time, but it disappeared enroute. No sign of it for half an hour, sir.”
The inspector stood rooted in place for a moment, two moments, as dismay and frustration whirled helter-skelter about his thoughts. If they were unable to bring the murder case to a close with that Harker in the noose, he had no idea what would become of the proceedings altogether.
He knew, however, that his face betrayed nothing, as well it should. Once the internal riot was tamped down, Horace asked softly, “You’re quite sure?”
His calmness clearly took Simmons by surprise, but the young chap rallied.
“To the best of my knowledge, sir. My sergeant will have more information if you need it, sir.”
“Right then. We’ll treat this as an escape until we know otherwise. Take me to…Sergeant Colmes, is it? There’s not a moment to waste.”
* * * * *
At the end of the ride, David Powell was pushed, pulled, and forcefully coerced down a long flight of steps and along a seemingly endless corridor. The changing echoes of his and his captors’ footfalls told him only that they were passing several points where the path branched off, or opened into rooms of a sort, but they only took a single turn themselves before finally stopping to one side of the passage.
Metal scraping on metal signaled a heavy latch being pulled; a door grated opened.
Then David was shoved bodily forward. Blind, still, with his hands bound behind him, he stumbled, skidded on his knees, and then fell headlong, coming to rest on his side some ways from where he started. He was only just sitting up when he heard them drag his friend in and dump him nearby on the floor.
The door clanged shut, the bolt scraping to with a rude finality.
While trying to work the gag free, the priest rose unsteadily to his feet and quested about cautiously until he came in contact with the sergeant.
“Lew?” he said, finally spitting out the musty kerchief.
To his relief, the policeman sighed.
“Here, David.” He paused, sighed again, and then went on softly, “Give me a moment and I’ll help you.”
After a few rustles and what sounded like a tight-lipped exhalation or two – the kind a fellow makes when moving hurts – the bobby stood and started in on the blindfold and the knots at the priest’s wrists.
“You’ve been awake long?” David asked as his friend worked.
“A while. Not long enough to know where we are, but at least they didn’t tie me up so well. They hadn’t realized I’d wakened, and I managed to get mostly free just as they locked us in.”
He paused, sighing yet again as he finished, and gripped David’s shoulder.
“I’m very sorry,” Lewis said. “I couldn’t see a way to free you before or on the way here, and I should’ve—”
“—No.” The priest rounded on his friend. The sergeant could be as over-protective as a mother hen at times, and violently self-castigating whenever things went awry.
“No, Lew.” David repeated firmly. “Six-to-one are nearly impossible odds, even with your god-like pugilism skills.”
Lew gave him a faint smile. “Seven against two.”
“I doubt I even gave my opponent a bruise.” His brow furrowed. “You took quite a pounding, though.”
The sergeant shrugged. Blood had dried in thin streaks on the man’s aquiline face from cuts on his forehead and lips, and bruises were beginning to blossom on his cheekbones and around one of his pale gray eyes. And he was holding himself stiffly in a way that made David think of wrenched or torn muscles.
Or, Lewis being Lewis, maybe broken bones.
“Your face is hardly prettier than mine right now, I’ll warrant,” his friend returned dryly. “In a few days, we’ll have colors enough between us to rival your garden.”
“Will we have a few days?”
The bleak question was out of the priest’s mouth before he could stop it.
For a moment, Lew just regarded him quietly, and then squeezed David’s shoulder again. “I’d rather find a way out of here under our own steam than learn what it is these chaps have in store for us. Shall we have a look about?”
So they did, the room bright enough that they could move about freely. Their explorations didn’t take long.
Light ghosted in from outside, travelling down deep wells and through a few heavy-paned, dirty glass windows set close to the ceiling; night would likely spell pitch darkness. The room itself had walls and a floor of brick, with a plaster ceiling low enough the sergeant could’ve touched it easily had he but raised his arms, and it smelled like a musty, moldy cellar. About eight strides measured the distance from the door to the windows, and about twenty from side to side. They could hear nothing of what was going on outside the room, whether from their kidnappers (as David supposed they could be called now), or from the world beyond. At one time, some sort of pottery had been stored in there, but now all that remained were large quantities of clay dust and a few empty crates.
The door was a stout one and securely locked, the hinges on the hallway side. The policeman was having a go at it, trying to fit his fingers between the door and the jamb, when David voiced the other question that had been nagging at him.
“Why are we here?”
Lewis paused and pursed his lips thoughtfully.
“I’ve been wondering the same thing. I’m quite certain you’re only here because you were in the wrong place at the wrong time. As for me…. My day began an ordinary one: I certainly had no forewarning this would happen. I left early to give testimony at court and returned home after I finished to fetch a few things before going to the station.” He gave the door a yank. “One of those chaps ran up to me just as I was reaching my flat – said he needed my help and to follow him. I did. He tried to brain me as soon as we’d turned down that alley.”
The sergeant looked slightly chagrined. “I’d thought there was something amiss about him from the first, but I still went with him.”
“How did one fellow become four?”
“Oh. He missed on his first attempt…with a little help from me…so a few of his mates joined in from somewhere nearby. And then you happened upon us.
“Incidentally,” he went on, an eyebrow quirked at the priest, “why were you in the neighborhood?”
“I…was actually dropping by to see you – or, rather, leave a message with Mrs. Marsh,” David replied. “I took a shortcut from Commercial. It’s your birthday next week, and best mates have certain responsibilities, et cetera.”
Lewis chuckled, winced, and returned, “All the more reason to make our bows quickly.”
“Do you have any idea what they might have been after?” the priest asked, taking a moment to strip out of the cassock the kidnappers had torn to tatters with their attentions. Underneath, his shirtsleeves and trousers were in far better state. “The leader – that blond chap – seemed upset that they’d bungled whatever it was they’d set out to do.”
“Really?” That caught his friend’s interest.
“He also emptied your pockets while they were debating what to do with us – killing us seemed only unpopular due to the time and place.”
David mentioned the items he’d seen the leader take as the sergeant began to go through the pockets on what was left of his uniform tunic (it was missing half its buttons, the collar insignia, and nearly one sleeve at the shoulder, and had several rents in the fabric besides). Ceasing, Lewis leaned against the door with a thoughtful frown.
“Well, besides a smashed pair of reading glass – blast them! – I still have my watch and a few pence, so if it was a botched mugging….” His voice trailed off and his frown deepened. When he began again, he spoke slowly as if thinking aloud.
“I can think of only a few reasons why they might’ve attacked a policeman intentionally, especially given what they took. And given what you’ve said, I must presume they intended to knock me down and then clean my pockets in short order, leaving before I wakened. That I fought back and that you intervened ruined their original plan, I think. But what were they after? Why lure me away? Would any policeman have done just as well? And why at just that time and place?”
“Could it have been something in that little book?” David asked.
“Perhaps,” the sergeant replied, tugging meditatively at one of the neat sideburns that cut just past the curve of his jaw. “Though it only contains my notes from my work. I jot them down the same as most policemen and then transfer them to official reports at the station.”
“Anything relevant to ongoing investigations?”
Lewis shrugged. “Yes. Undoubtedly, yes. But nicking a bobby’s notes won’t halt the legal process. Slow it, maybe, but not stop it. Witnesses can be called upon again, statements taken again, and hard forensic evidence is something else entirely. Crucial testimonies certainly aren’t in my notebook: such witnesses come by the station for more formal reporting. Besides, most of my notes are in a scribbled sort of shorthand. Like as not, it’ll be incomprehensible to anyone else. I can’t think what advantage a criminal might gain by stealing that little book.”
“Something else they took, then?”
While his friend considered this in silence, David found himself pacing. His nerves were jittery from the brutality of the assault and kidnapping, and the abrupt cessation of the violence hadn’t curbed the feeling. If anything, the sudden stillness made it worse.
His head pounded. He wished he could smoke to relieve the tension. Unfortunately, though the kidnappers hadn’t relieved him of his pipe, matches, or tobacco, the violence of his capture had snapped the stem of his pipe into a few useless pieces.
Thinking about his broken pipe was not helping.
“Perhaps there was something in one of the letters the postman gave me this morning.” Lew mused at last with a shrug, sitting down on one of the old crates. “I ran into him when I left for the Old Bailey, but hadn’t had a chance to peruse what he gave me yet. Besides my book and the post, the only other things our kidnappers relieved me of were my warrant card – which would be less useful than their false uniforms – and my penknife, whistle, and nightstick. My police helmet, too, I suppose. All told, hardly worth accosting a policeman for. So if our present circumstances aren’t due to one or more of those letters, I haven’t the foggiest.”
* * * * *
Detective Inspector Horace Tipple waited expectantly while the chief prison warden at Holloway consulted the logbook and a sheaf of paperwork.
“Um. Yes. Here ‘tis. The prisoner was signed over ‘ccording to custom at a quarter past one this afternoon. Out of my hands, then. Sir.” The warden (his name was Bates) added the courtesy title belatedly, his face purpling and shiny with sweat.
Horace looked the records over with an impassive glance, not expecting to see anything helpful in the scribbles. There wasn’t.
“Were you present when Mr. Harker’s person changed custody?”
“Ah….” The warden’s face purpled even further – if that were possible.
“Fetch the man or men present at the time, then.”
“Right, sir.”
Bates seemed only too happy to comply, and returned within moments with a less-than-thrilled young prison guard.
“This here’s Griffiths, Inspector. He was—”
“—Thank you.” The words were a dismissal; Bates happily fled.
Horace looked Griffiths over, and decided a different tack was needed.
“Trying day?”
The young man gulped and nodded. “Sir.”
“You’ve been here long?”
“Six weeks come Monday, sir.”
“You’ve signed prisoners away for transport before?”
“I have at that, sir.”
“Describe for me your customary process.”
As Griffiths did so, Horace cast his gaze about, taking in the passage they were standing in. It went from the interior of the prison, past a guard station, and out to a cobbled yard. The missing murder suspect had gone past this very point on his way to the paddy wagon, which was supposed to have taken him to the courthouse. While the inspector was in here speaking with the warden and guards, several of his men, along with a bevy from the Islington police station, were making inquiries in the surrounding neighborhoods.
(Almost as soon as the prisoner’s disappearance became known, the Islington division had attempted to claim jurisdiction, as Holloway fell under its auspices. However, since the Harkers and the murder suspect were East End and Whitechapel natives, respectively, Horace had politely demanded a berth for his division in the ensuing manhunt. Islington capitulated.)
“And you saw nothing amiss? Each fellow behaved as he ought?” the detective asked once the guard had finished.
Griffiths thought quietly for a moment; Horace made no attempt to hurry him along.
“Well, sir…I’ve never seen those blokes ‘afore, but I’ve not been here long enough to know everyone who passes through. Anywise, the chaps knew the procedure and looked the part of policemen well enough.”
“Would you know them again if you saw them?”
“I…don’t rightly know, sir.” Griffiths replied, a note of honesty in his voice. “I was more watching the prisoner than his minders.”
Horace nodded in understanding. He’d hoped the opposite was true, for he had a sergeant under his command who could produce astounding likenesses merely from others’ verbal descriptions. Knowing the faces of the last to see the missing Harker would speed the manhunt considerably. Especially since Tipple was reasonably certain that ill had not befallen the wagon in transport, but that its driver and guards had conspired to make it and its occupant disappear.
But the boy’s duties did not require that he watch the watchers as well, and Horace didn’t fault his inattention. He thanked Griffiths and departed, deciding nothing further was to be had at present from the prison and those charged with its keep.
* * * * *
Lewis reckoned their captors would leave them alone until after nightfall. He also recommended they attempt their escape at their captors’ first reappearance.
Try as they might, David and his friend had been able to find only one way out of their prison. They had turned first to the windows, and though one had broken relatively easily, the frames were far too narrow for either of them to fit through. And no one had heard (or heeded) their shouts for aid.
Which left the door through which they’d originally entered. No amount of pounding or prying budged the solid wood, so the sergeant had suggested they allow their captors to open it for them.
“Won’t they expect us to do something of this sort?” David had asked.
“Probably. Likely. But is there any other way to get free than to go through that door?” Lew had mused most calmly. “I reckon they still mean us harm, perhaps mortal harm. We’ve seen their faces and could identify them. Also, as you said, they went from assault to contemplating a double homicide in a matter of minutes – that we’re alive solely because murder in daylight is inconvenient. And if they intend to kill us, I imagine it will happen sooner than later before anyone begins to miss us. Allows greater likelihood of a clean escape for them. Without food or water, we’ll weaken quickly, so if we wish to escape at all, we must try sooner than later.”
The priest had nothing to counter his friend’s blunt, dispassionate logic, and so had made no rejoinder. But his dismay must have shown plainly on his face, for Lewis had reached out to grip his arm comfortingly.
“My words were cruel. Forgive me. I’ll do my best to get us free.”
David was sure he’d mumbled something in response to that – unmemorable though it was – and the rest of the afternoon had passed with little or no conversation between them.
But the priest was worried.
While the sergeant broke up one of the crates to make weapons of a sort and even apparently took a nap for a time, David paced.
He fretted.
He wracked his brain for some other way they might escape the fate that seemed so inevitable.
Yet he could think of nothing.
“Worrying won’t help us.”
His friend’s low, even voice interrupted David’s churning thoughts as early evening began to steal what little daylight illumined their prison.
“How can you be so calm?”
The policeman, who’d been reclining on the floor with his back against the wall under the windows, said nothing.
Still pacing, David began to vent his spleen.
“Does it not bother you that your life depends on someone like me to aid you in a coming fight? How can you so sedately consider what might very well be the end of both of us? You know how useful I’ll be; you know they outnumbered and overpowered us before, and will again most likely; you know—”
“—Stop.” Lew’s voice had an edge to it, and it halted him in his tirade. “Stop, David.”
The bobby levered himself to his feet and stalked forward until he loomed, glowering, over the priest. “Yes. I know all these things. We’re at a disadvantage. A severe one. I also know that that blond fellow is quite likely a better fighter than I, and we won’t be confronting our foes in top form....
“…And I am also aware that we might die as a result of our actions, our gamble for freedom. But what of it? We’re going to die someday. Whether in a few minutes, a day or two, or years from now.” He hesitated, and then finished softly: “I didn’t expect such fears from you. Such doubts. You’ve always been such a bastion of hope. Always the more courageous one of us.”
The sergeant’s words shamed him, and David hung his head.
“I’m afraid, Lew,” he murmured. “Unlike I’ve ever been before, including that time on the ship when I was alone in the dark for days.”
Yet again, the policeman gripped his shoulder comfortingly, but what further explanation the priest wanted to make was interrupted by the sound of footsteps in the corridor outside their prison.
* * * * *
Horace Tipple settled at his desk with a grunt, his office door open to the normal early evening bustle of the Leman Street police station.
He lit a cigarette. Blowing a puff of smoke ceiling-ward, he sat back in his creaky wooden chair and began to mentally go through his notes.
First, according to the footwork his men and the Islington bobbies had done, the paddy wagon carrying Nicholas Harker to his trial had deviated from the expected route after a few blocks from Holloway, and then disappeared altogether a few blocks after that.
Since police vehicles didn’t just vanish, the inspector was certain he could locate wherever the wagon had wound up – if he and his men worked quickly enough – but his suspect was unlikely to be there.
Nevertheless, the police should be able to pick up a trail even then. Once again, however, they would have to work very, very quickly to ensure the trail didn’t go cold. They might have two days.
Next, Horace had tracked down the wagon’s point of origin and discovered that the vehicle Mr. Harker was loaded into was no police wagon at all. He’d surmised as much, but learning that a switch had indeed been made unfortunately gave him no satisfaction.
The wagon was to have come from Newgate – since Harker should have been held there – but it hadn’t. A constable had appeared that morning to change the details of the murder suspect’s conveyance. Since the man had produced the necessary documentation (forged, no doubt) and the half-dozen other bobbies in his detail seemed legitimate (costumed heavies, most likely), the Newgate warden had raised no alarms.
Next, the lawyers representing the Harker empire were having no end of fun at his expense, even though this turn of events was only hours old. Because the murder suspect had disappeared so neatly, ostensibly under the watchful eye of the Metropolitan police, the lawyers were scrambling to cast into doubt every facet of the case Horace and his men had so painstakingly put together. The reason being, if the police, led by one DI Horace Tipple, could misplace their suspect, how could they conduct an investigation without similar carelessness? No matter that the escape/disappearance made Nicholas Harker look more guilty than ever….
The detective expected such accusations from the newspapers: not from other members of the justice system. But then, he supposed the lawyers in the Harkers’ employ mightn’t be as concerned with justice or upholding the legal process as others of their profession, since they had defended such a dreadful family for so long.
With a sigh, Horace leaned forward and traced a finger down a small, framed portrait of Hildy that sat at the corner of his desk. The portrait had the precision of a photograph, but was actually a sketch made for him by one of his unexpectedly talented sergeants, the one who could draft a likeness merely at another’s verbal description. The inspector had commissioned the sketch several years ago, together with an oil painting of himself and his wife and daughter; while the former was a calming influence at work, the family portrait hung over the fireplace at home.
Which reminded him: the warden at Newgate, unlike poor Griffiths at Holloway, thought he might have looked the phony constable over well enough to recognize him again. Possibly even well enough to describe him to someone capable of sketching a likeness.
The inspector pushed to his feet and strode out into the corridor, and then down the stairs to the first floor. Most of the sergeants, no matter their duties, had or shared a desk on this level; the more public booking, receiving, and holding area was on the ground floor.
After he looked around for a bit without any luck, Horace turned to another of the bobbies under his command.
“Bartholomew.”
“Sir?”
“Have you seen Sergeant Todd?”
* * * * *
In his younger years (well, he still wasn’t very old), David Powell had been quite the cricketer. While bowling was his preferred position, he’d also been a dab hand at batting.
Lewis encouraged him to play to his strengths as they attempted their escape, having outlined a rough plan earlier in the day; he now reminded the priest of this plan in hushed tones as the bolt scraped in the door.
The sergeant had broken a slat from one of the old crates for him. Holding the board like a cricket bat, David fell in behind his friend to one side of the door.
Inhale. Exhale.
David concentrated on the rhythm of his breathing – as Lew had whispered encouragingly to do – the drumming of his pulse loud in his head.
Inhale.
The door grated open a crack, and a wash of lamplight flooded in.
Exhale.
And then his friend charged forward. As if caught in his wake, David followed after.
The priest couldn’t tell whether their captors had expected them to burst from their prison; he didn’t have time to think about it. Instead, he busied himself with his bat.
There were easily as many men present now as there’d been before in the alley and, as before, the majority turned their attention on the sergeant. Which still left a few to try to pounce on David, but these he fended off with the crate slat.
All the while, Lew pressed forward, trying to break away down the corridor (what was this place? David found himself wondering, the bricked, catacomb-like hallway not at all what he’d expected). The noise of the fight rebounded in the closeness, grunts and shouts of effort and pain compounding in a furious cacophony. Though the melee was teeming chaos at its best, the navy-blue of Lewis’s uniform was easy to pick out since the others had doffed their costumes, and the priest kept close behind him.
Lew’s ferocity and David’s bat worked.
They broke away and began running, pelting down the passage away from the men they left hobbling and shouting and cursing behind them.
That was…easy, the priest thought fleetingly, glad their path was lighted by intermittent lamps fixed to the walls.
Though they didn’t really know which way was out – there were so many turns branching off, and David had not been able to keep track of the route on the way in – the two of them had settled upon a plan for this as well. If possible, they would hide themselves away somewhere in what was turning out to be a labyrinthine series of tunnels and wait for the tumult their escape created to die down. Then they would make their way out. Hopefully.
The sounds of their would-be captors hadn’t yet died away when Lewis dodged down a dark side passage abruptly, David following. The sergeant continued for several paces until he’d nearly disappeared into the shadows.
“You alright?” he murmured, panting.
Breathing as hard as he was, David could only nod, trusting his friend could see the movement despite the darkness.
“That was much too easy,” Lew muttered to himself, and then to David: “Did you notice they didn’t draw weapons to defend themselves?”
The priest didn’t want to think about it, but he’d noticed the same thing. Knives had stayed in belts, and only fists and grasping hands had been turned in their direction.
“Though I still don’t think they mean to let us go, perhaps they have other designs for us besides a quick death.”
While David didn’t understand his friend’s allusion, the man’s grimness made him think the unspoken alternatives weren’t happy ones.
The sergeant stilled suddenly, an arm stretched across David’s chest pressing him against the wall. In the next breath, the priest heard the sound of running feet and curt voices coming toward their hall from both directions along the corridor they’d just departed.
Before their pursuers drew abreast of their hiding place, the sergeant tugged the priest deeper into the gloom. The dark passage offered footing more uneven than the well-lit main corridor, but they managed to move at a fairly brisk, quiet pace away from their captors.
For perhaps five minutes or so, David thought they might actually get free and clear. Then their hallway took a right turn, and then another right…turning them back toward the main passage and their kidnappers and captivity.
And within a few minutes of this discovery, their captors found them. Lewis refused to meet them in the narrower, darker confines of the side passage, so he took the fight out to the well-lit central hall again.
David could hardly think as he renewed the mockery of his favorite sport.
The sergeant fought like a berserker, but it wouldn’t be enough. Couldn’t be enough. There were too many of them. Far too many. And David was…himself. Far too weak, too incapable, to be of any help.
His crate slat was torn from his fingers. His feet were swept out from beneath him, and the weight of at least two others crushed him down to the floor.
His thoughts amok, David could but watch, numbly, as his friend continued to fight.
At least six thugs were straining to bring Lewis Todd to the floor; time and again, though, the sergeant twisted and heaved and rallied, his fists and feet (even knees and elbows) weapons enough. The men ringing about him pulsed away, staggering, and then swarmed in again.
Once; twice; three times.
A few blokes with cracked heads or bones staggered away for good, but they were replaced and the battle continued.
Then the blond chap entered the fray and the tide turned. He moved like no one David had ever seen before – not even his best mate – and the other thugs pressed back to allow the two some space.
The priest would hardly have been more surprised if they’d started placing wagers on the fight’s outcome.
Lewis was already battered and winded; after a few exchanges with the blond fellow, he was bleeding and limping as well as. He and his opponent circled each other.
None of the other kidnappers interfered.
Dear God. They do find it entertaining.
A few more punches and blocks, kicks and blocks, and Lew stumbled back with a hand pressed to his side. The other fellow sported a bloody nose, but seemed fine otherwise, or did until David’s friend sent a blurred fist at the blonde’s face and split the skin over his cheekbone. It dazed the fellow and Lew pressed his advantage.
For a moment, David dared hope – though he didn’t know what beating the blonde would gain them, surrounded as they were by the other heavies….
The fair-haired chap was fresher than the policeman, however, and the latter was slowing down.
If only…
Then it was over.
Lew’s opponent rallied and launched himself forward with a frightening series of blows, many of which found their target.
David’s best mate slammed backward against a wall and then toppled to the floor. No one bothered to hold him down as they were the priest.
The blonde grunted as some of the others whistled and crowed appreciatively.
“Shut hit, you lot.” Wiping sweat and blood from his face, the leader glared at his crew. “Shouldn’t ‘ave come to this. Lock these two up wif the other, like you were supposed to, an’ let’s call hit a night.”
* * * * *
Hearing her husband shut the front door, Mathilda Tipple had time to plate a helping of her thick fish stew and place it on the table for him before Horace joined her in the kitchen.
“Love,” he said. He squeezed her hand in one of his in gentle greeting and then seated himself at the table with a sigh. Without further ado Horace began to eat.
Mathilda puttered about the kitchen to give him a few moments of peace, but joined him at the table as he was sopping up the last of the stew with a bit of sourdough bread.
She poured her husband a spot of tea while he finished, pondering his silence.
Her Horace would never be described as garrulous in any circumstance. His temper was generally amiable, reserved, and thoughtfully (if quietly) attentive. He’d schooled his expression to remain mild even when angered by the unavoidable vulgarities of his work. The ‘calm policeman’ mask hid a quick wit and sharp intellect so well that many mistook him for a dullard (to their ultimate upset). Beneath it all was a kindness 22 years of bleak police work had never driven to cynicism, and she’d always found his rare smiles and rarer laughs precious.
Tonight, however, his dusty blue eyes were leagues distant in thought, and his short, curly grey hair was fuzzed about the ears, as though he’d plowed his fingers through it absently. Which was something he only did when he found a problem particularly vexing. And he was frowning ever so slightly; Mathilda could think of only one thing that might work this change on him.
“The trial’s taken a turn, has it?” she asked.
“Why might you say that?”
She knew she’d hit the nail on the head as Horace turned his pensive eyes on her, and she could almost see the thoughts flitting through his head as he tried to work out her reasoning. After all, it was far too soon for the newspapers to report anything amiss, and the police weren’t in the habit of blurting things to the public, et cetera.
“At times I think I’m as good a detective as you are,” Mathilda returned with a smile. “For weeks you’ve thought of nothing, spoken of nothing save your case and how the world will at last be free of the Harkers. You’re brooding, so I can only think something’s happened to sully or muddle the proceedings somehow.”
“Hm.”
Horace had once told her he wasn’t sure how many policemen actually confided in their wives regarding their work; even if he were the only one who ever did so, she would always hold his confidence. Truth be told, Mathilda felt she’d often urged him along particular courses of action to good ends simply because her commonsense and intelligence weren’t so mired in a policeman’s world.
He now told her that his murder suspect had disappeared, and that the Harker lawyers – speaking on the family’s behalf – had tried to muck up the case in retaliation.
“I hope this will be only a temporary setback,” he concluded, “though we made little enough headway in our footwork this afternoon.”
“Well, seems to me as though the lawyers are grasping at straws,” Mathilda replied. “You oughtn’t worry on that front.”
“How so?”
“I wouldn’t attack my opponent’s professional character unless every other means were lost to me. I think they must be desperate.”
Horace considered this and nodded.
“Be that as it may, love, I still need my murderer back in the dock.”
“You’ll find him, Rory,” she said with a smile and a pat on his hand. “Of that I have no doubt.”
Saturday
Their captors left them alone after locking up David and his friend again. The room was a different one, and light flickering through a small, oblong hole in one of the walls broke up the darkness.
Though it took the priest a few moments to get his bearings, he lurched to Lewis’s side as quickly as he could.
All night long David kept a dogged vigil over him.
Lew only woke a few times, each time muttering apologies his friend was quick to silence, before lapsing back into unconsciousness. The sergeant’s slumber was fitful – marked by labored breathing, bouts of coughing, and an occasional low groan – and David feared what that meant for his friend’s health.
As dawn’s hazy fingers crept through the high, dirty windows and he was just steeling himself to make a thorough examination of Lew’s injuries, the door to the room crashed open.
The priest’s heart stuttered a beat, but someone only plunked a sloshing bucket and a loaf of bread inside the door. He then retreated before David had finished rising stiffly to his feet.
As the bolt slid home again, the priest crossed the ground to the door and discovered a pail of water (brackish smelling, but water nonetheless) in addition to the stale bread.
Bread. Water. Despite everything, David’s empty stomach panged and growled with the thought of food, and the pain of his parched throat became instantly more acute with relief so near. But, no: he would hold until he saw to his friend.
He was just mustering his courage to do so when the sound of a sigh reached his ears. The priest spun on his heel and peered hopefully through the gloom in Lew’s direction, but the man was still out cold.
A yawn sounded behind David and he turned again. What he’d mistaken for a pile of rubbish in the far corner was in fact a young man with lank brown hair and a round, moon-like face with a dimpled chin and wide-set eyes; the fellow was now sitting up and stretching. A ratty blanket fell away as he stood.
“‘llo,” the other murmured through another gaping yawn.
David nodded a wary greeting. “Who are you?”
“I’s is ‘nnocent.”
“Pardon?”
Though languages were David Powell’s forte, he had the hardest time deciphering what the other fellow was saying at first, and he couldn’t tell if the young chap just had a thick accent or a speech impediment.
After a few repetitions, however, the clergyman understood the other’s name was Innocent and that he was as much a newcomer as they were. David gave him his name.
“Who’s ‘at?”
Innocent pointed at the sergeant.
“My best mate, Lew.”
Finally mustering his nerve, David knelt down again next to his friend. Lewis lay curled on his side as he had been much of the night, arms drawn tightly across his middle, and his face, under rusty streaks of dried blood, was grayish and pinched.
“‘E s-s-sick?” Innocent stuttered. To the priest’s surprise, the young man crouched down beside him also.
“Sorely injured.”
Innocent cocked his head and nodded.
“‘Urt b-b-bad.”
Between the two of them, they maneuvered the sergeant onto his back, pried his arms away, and removed the remnants of his uniform tunic. The last fight had reduced the dark wool to little more than ribbons, and the shirt Lew wore underneath was hardly better, though it still (at least) had the appearance of a shirt.
David was at first glad to see that the blood staining his friend’s front appeared to have come entirely from injuries to his face – a nose possibly broken afresh, a gashed chin – rather than anything like a knife wound. But the way Lew was rasping, wheezing with every breath made the priest rip the fellow’s shirt open as well.
“Oh.”
“Wha’ s’it?”
David released his friend, and the sergeant curled back up reflexively with a moan.
“He’s…I’ve never….” He’d never seen anyone’s ribcage so obviously or badly broken. Lew’s right side…. “He’s in a very, very bad way.”
Innocent nodded. “I pray.”
And the young man bowed his head.
The simple declaration sent a silent but deafening roar through David’s brain – a scream that shrieked a wordless question. A question he could not answer; a demand he could not satisfy; a failing he could not overcome.
This failing was what the priest had so wanted to tell his friend about the afternoon before: it was the cause of his fear, his shame, his cowardice, and his despair. It was the reason he started so badly at every rustle their captors made. It was why the tangible shadow of death struck such terror in his soul.
The scream hadn’t begun just with yesterday’s events, but with the brutal kidnapping it had gained focus; it had gotten louder, to the point that David could ignore it no longer.
He, a priest, could not pray.
* * * * *
Inspector Tipple knocked on the door and waited patiently. The Saturday morning air was misty, and the fog hung like a held breath in the air.
Even if Sergeant Todd was sick abed (the rumored explanation for the dutiful sergeant’s mysterious absence), delirious with a fever, he wanted to pick the man’s brain about the Harkers. After all, Todd was the fellow with whom he’d worked the case so closely.
In fact, aside from himself, the sergeant was one of the few still in Whitechapel’s H Division who could offer any sort of educated opinion on the Harkers. Nearly everyone else who’d ever crossed swords with the family had long since retired or given up the chase. True, the fellow’s interest was largely the result of having spent far too much time in Horace’s company; the inspector’s obsession had certainly rubbed off on the younger man.
“Good morning. Is Sergeant Todd receiving visitors?”
“Inspector Tipple: good day to you as well,” said Mrs. Marsh, the landlady. Her tone was apologetic as she continued. “I’m afraid I haven’t seen Mr. Todd since last morning quite early. I don’t know if he’s about, though you’re welcome to go up and check.”
A few minutes later, Horace stood at the top of the steps catching his breath. (No wonder Lewis was so fit: that was a very long set of stairs.)
When no answer came to his repeated knocking, the inspector let himself in using the key Mrs. Marsh had lent him.
“Sergeant Todd?”
But the neat little garret flat was empty, and there was no indication of where the other policeman might be.
Flummoxed, the inspector retraced his steps, bade farewell to Mrs. Marsh, and stepped back out into the thinning mist. He paused on the stoop for a minute or two, chewing his lip in consternated thought.
Where the blazes was his sergeant?
To his right, he noticed a crew of workmen laying out their supplies to begin painting shutters and doors on the long row of tenements. From the state of the said shutters and doors, he thought they might’ve been at work for a few days or more.
“You there,” Horace called, addressing one of the workmen, who straightened and turned. “Were you chaps here yesterday, perchance?”
“Oh, aye, gov,” he replied, a paintbrush in hand. “You needin’ work done?”
“Thank you, no. However, did you happen to notice a rather tall policeman coming or going from this building?” the inspector asked. “He’s the sort a body can’t miss in a crowd.”
The fellow frowned and scratched the crown of his balding head thoughtfully.
“Dark, serious chap? Few times,” one of the others chimed in.
“‘E do some’ing wrong?” another asked, the glint in his eyes suggesting all too plainly how delightful he found that thought.
“When did you see him coming or going?” Horace latched on to the second fellow’s helpful comment.
“Early. We were settin’ up the firs’ time ‘e left. Chap stopped just there—” the second worker pointed to a spot on the pavement a few paces from Horace’s position “—an’ spoke wif some young miss—”
“—smashin’ ginger ‘air,” the third fellow chimed in again, “an’ she ‘ad really nice—oof!”
 The second fellow elbowed the one who’d interrupted him and continued.
“She were quite pretty an’ we all stopped to look at ‘er, same as the copper. Then they went different ways.”
“And after that?” the inspector prompted. He had an inkling of the woman’s identity—Sergeant Todd’s acquaintance, Ms. Penelope Marvelle – and he’d track her down if necessary.
“Later – maybe mid-morning like – your p’liceman was goin’ up them steps when some other bobby come runnin’ up, said some’ing urgent-like, an’ then they both ‘urried off together. Didn’t see ‘im no more after. Not yesterday, nor today,” he finished.
“Which way did they go?”
This sort of conversation repeated several times over the next hour as Horace dogged his sergeant’s footsteps from the day before. Though the sometimes vague answers led the inspector along a meandering route, he was confident he was moving in the right direction. After all, Sergeant Todd truly did stand out in a crowd, and he was fairly well known in the neighborhood.
One of the last people the inspector spoke with provided the most interesting tale.
“Last mornin’…” started the wizened old fellow (he’d introduced himself as Burberry), and then his voice trailed off in recollection.
Horace’s tracking had taken him down a narrowing, crooked series of side streets and alleys. He’d noticed Mr. Burberry and stopped him as he stumped by because the man had the sure-footed, habituated absentmindedness of someone crossing his customary turf.
There were very few about otherwise.
“Don’t know if’n I saw your bloke, but there were’n quite a rumpus I ‘appened upon.”
“Describe it for me, please.”
“Seems as like some chap attacked a bobby, an’ several others come to ‘is aid. I was makin’ me way ‘ome, an’ saw ‘em.”
Horace waited expectantly during Burberry’s lengthy pause.
“What were I sayin’?” He began again, licking his lips. “Ah yes. Saw a group o’ you chaps standin’ ‘round another – ‘e was on the ground, senseless, like – an’ they had some chap pinned against that wall there—” Burberry pointed, “—an’ I stopped for a tad to watch.”
“Did you notice any faces?” The detective asked, though a look at Burberry’s rheumy eyes and he doubted the old fellow could pick out much with any clarity.
As expected, the old fellow shook his head. “Didn’ see ‘ny fightin’ neither, but the men were huffin’ and puffin’ as like they’d been in quite a rumpus just afore. One o’ them suggested I go about me business. So in, I did.”
Horace asked a few further questions but received no clearer answer than this.
Might Sergeant Todd have been the bobby who’d been attacked?
He wondered if he should be checking hospitals.
* * * * *
“Fink I kn-n-n-nowed ‘im.”
David Powell and Innocent had just finished mopping up the sergeant’s face, cleaning away the blood and grime with the priest’s handkerchief and a bit of their water.
Innocent had leaned over the slumbering policeman, his thick brows drawn in a pensive, thoughtful frown for a long moment before making his pronouncement.
“You know him? How?”
The young man fingered a shred of the sergeant’s uniform where it lay wadded on the floor; the sleeve chevrons were on the top of the tattered heap.
“S-S-S-Sergean’ L-L-Lewis Todd.” He looked to David for affirmation, and the priest nodded. “‘E  ‘rrest me.”
A thousand questions flooded David’s mind at once.
“Why did he arrest you? –And when?”
Innocent shrugged. “Lon’ t-t-time ‘go. ‘E saided I d-d-died someone.”
David felt his mouth open, but no sound came out. He closed it. Then he asked,
“Did you?”
Innocent shook his head vigorously.
“‘E s-s-say I mur…mur…mur—” he frowned, the word too much for him.
“Murdered?”
Innocent nodded. “On’y I don’ un’erst-st-stand tha’ means d-d-deaded some’ne, unt-t-til later.”
“My friend is very careful with his work,” David said. “Why would he think you killed someone if you didn’t?”
With much stuttering, the young man explained. Though some of the details escaped the priest, David gleaned that Innocent’s uncle had called him into a room, given him a bloody knife, and told Innocent to stand in his stead as he left. The police, led by Sergeant Todd, had shown up only moments after. They discovered a fresh body in the room as well, and the bobbies arrested Innocent on a murder charge.
David didn’t know what to think. Was Innocent really so gullible that he’d allow family to set him up as a patsy for such a serious crime? Or was the young man spinning a tale to entrap the priest in some strange machinations?
But then, the concern Innocent had shown to the injured policeman seemed far too genuine to be feigned, so a devious scheme seemed unlikely.
In fact, as the young man had been telling his tale, he’d been carefully trickling water into Lewis’s mouth, using a tin cup they’d found in the pail to give the man a drink. He’d even propped the sergeant’s head up so he could swallow more easily, and gently wiped away whatever water escaped the injured man’s lips.
“How did you come to be here?”
When they’d made their initial introductions, David had learned Innocent had arrived, as he and Lewis had, only the day before. He’d not said how, though.
“They br-br-brunged me.”
“Who? From where? And how?”
Once again, Innocent launched into a stuttering recollection. This time David found it a bit easier to interpret what the young man was saying, perhaps becoming accustomed to his manner of speech.
Innocent described a place that sounded like a prison (though he didn’t call it such), saying several bobbies had loaded him into a wagon and brought him here.
David wondered if those “bobbies” were the same ones who’d kidnapped him and his friend. He asked if the young man recognized any of their captors as the chaps who’d taken him from prison.
Innocent gave a vigorous nod.
Though another thousand questions flooded his brain, David instead asked, “What happened when you realized why my friend arrested you? When you learned you were being charged with murder?”
The young man cocked his head to one side. “Frank t-t-tol’ me wh-what ‘appen. S-S-So I writes S-S-Sergean’ Todd a let-t-t-ter. S-S-Says I didn’ d-d-die ‘nyone. Tha’ my ‘ncle knowed, t-t-to ask ‘im.”
David wanted to question him further but the door to their cell opened then. The priest hadn’t heard anyone approach, engrossed as he’d been in Innocent’s tale.
“You.” It was the blond fellow. He pointed at the young man. “Come.”
His eyes skimmed over the supine policeman and the priest. “Still alive, is ‘e?”
The man’s face was stony under the leavings of last night’s fight, his question equally expressionless. After hesitating briefly, David nodded.
“Keep ‘im tha’ way.”
Not certain if that were a threat, David stilled. He’d thought to stand, but stopped in a crouch, not willing to risk his friend’s life further.
As Innocent willingly, docilely, left with the blonde and the door closed behind them, the priest sank back down, his thoughts whirling. Still whirling.
* * * * *
“Albatross.”
“Alba- what?”
“Albatross.” Police Sergeant Simon Bartholomew repeated, his mouth quirked in a half-smile.  “Her hat, or wimple, or what have you, looks like a ruddy, flying albatross.”
He nodded toward a thin, gray-clad woman who was speaking with another policeman on the opposite end of the room. Her brilliant white head covering was gaze-capturingly tremendous.
“An’ what’s an halbatross look like?” Constable Little asked, scratching his head.
“Um…like that hat.”
Little gave Simon a blank look. “No’ too ‘elpful were tha’?”
The sergeant was still snickering when a touch to his elbow distracted him.
“Sergeant Bartholomew, a word if you might.”
“Sir.”
The sergeant turned to follow Inspector Tipple up the stairs to the latter’s office.
“Have you had an opportunity to look into what we discussed earlier?” Tipple said as he sat down at his desk, gesturing for Simon to take the chair opposite.
“I did, sir.”
“And—?” Tipple prodded when Simon’s pause became lengthy.
“And there’s nothing, sir. No reports of a half-dozen bobbies making such an arrest yesterday morning, or of any policeman landing in hospital on account of an assault or some such.”
“I see.”
“What’s this about, sir, if I may ask?”
The inspector fished something out of his pocket and passed it across the desk to the sergeant. “What do you make of that?”
“Sir.” Simon took the item, considered it for a moment, and then looked up at his boss quizzically. “37H. This is Sergeant Todd’s collar number.”
“It is.”
“What does it mean?”
“Before I hazard an answer, it may interest you to know where I found that.”
“Somehow I doubt Sergeant Todd just packed it in.”
“Unlikely.” Tipple chewed the corner of his lip a moment. “I found that bit of metal smashed into the cobbles where our mysterious squad supposedly appeared and then disappeared.”
“Oh.” Simon squinted at the twisted, bent insignia with a frown. “So Lew or someone impersonating him was there, most likely.”
“And it seems Sergeant Todd vanished with or at the same time as the lot of them.”
Both men were silent for a moment, and then Simon asked, “Rather odd, isn’t it, sir? Having two disappearances linked to a squad nobody knows of or has seen since, all within a few hours of each other. If we’re calling Sergeant Todd’s absence a disappearance, that is.”
Tipple cocked his head to one side. “What are the odds, you suppose, that the same men responsible for springing Mr. Harker from prison would also kidnap one of the policemen instrumental in the case against the same Mr. Harker?”
“Is he that?” Simon asked.
“Pardon?”
“Instrumental? Is Sergeant Todd’s testimony so valuable that the case against Nicholas Harker and the whole clan would suffer from its absence?”
“It might, only Lewis has already given his statement in court to the satisfaction of both the defense and prosecution.”
“Might he have discovered new evidence, sir? Something that might scare Harker’s supporters into taking drastic action?”
The promptness with which Tipple replied made the sergeant think the old man had already considered this.
“The timing would be wrong for that. Sergeant Todd finished giving testimony the same morning he disappeared. If he’d uncovered something prior to that, he would’ve at least made note of it at the Bailey; if after, however, it would’ve been too little time for Harker’s people to put something together.”
“Unless they suspected Lew had discovered something – even if he didn’t realize the significance of his discovery at the time – and intervened before the new information could come to light publicly.” Simon ran a finger across his broad moustache. “Perhaps Harker’s people merely used the team already prepared to spring him to nab Sergeant Todd as well.”
The inspector pursed his lips. “Then he was likely the unwitting victim of the Harker clan’s machinations.”
There was a further possibility that remained unmentioned, something Simon knew neither he nor the inspector would ever seriously consider: that Lewis Todd was in the Harkers’ pocket. A dirty copper could have wanted an out and had it supplied by his bankrollers; Lewis, however, was one of the most honest policemen in all the East End.
“While I hope that isn’t the case for Mr. Todd’s sake,” Tipple said after a lengthy pause, “I shan’t need to divert any manpower should things be as you say. Finding one should lead us to the other.”
* * * * *
“David.”
David Powell didn’t remember falling asleep. He’d been sitting on the floor with his elbows resting on his drawn up knees, thinking. He thought he’d only rested his head on his forearms for a moment, but when he looked up again the light and shadows had noticeably shifted.
Now the room – so much like yesterday’s cell, only smaller – had an odd cast to it, as though the ancient clay dust had been kicked up from the floor to paint the air with a muted haze.
“David.”
The priest started at the sound of his name spoken again, and started further when he saw his friend was conscious and sitting upright against the near wall.
“Lew—!”
“David,” the policeman said a third time, his voice steady, if hardly more than a whisper. “Let’s forget for a time that each of us has an Englishman for a father…forget the cold Victorian for a moment.”
“…I don’t understand,” David returned, shifting to sit face-to-face with his friend. Lewis looked about as awful as he had before – all pale and such, perhaps even a tinge bluish – and now his face was twisted up with a strange wash of emotion and effort. The intensity of his gaze held the priest’s captive.
“As an Englishman,” the sergeant rasped, “I can tell you I’ve always admired your courage, from the time when you defied your very formidable father to take orders, to even now as you work tirelessly for the people the rest of us seem to have forgotten.”
He paused to draw a ragged breath, and David realized he’d been holding his own.
“I told you before how much I regret that you’re here, that I’ve made myself useless to you by fighting when I should’ve stopped, that—”
“—Lew,” the priest interrupted, wanting to silence his friend’s needless apology, but the policeman held up a hand.
“I’ve seen the likes of this before, David.” Lewis lifted his other hand, which he’d held pressed to his mangled side while they’d been speaking; the bruises visible through his shirt tatters were now alarmingly larger than before. “I can’t walk. I couldn’t even stand when I tried a few minutes ago. Unless I get to hospital soon, it’s done for me.”
“Surely…” the priest began, but his friend wasn’t finished.
“And I know something’s amiss with you. The brutality of our world can shake any man’s faith – even in what he most strongly believes. Especially when that brutality comes from those claiming the opposite.” He inhaled with a rattling wheeze. “But whether or not the words mean anything to you, say them for me. A simple choice—”
Lewis broke off suddenly and nearly doubled over in a coughing fit. As the wracking effort shook the policeman’s frame, he clutched at David’s arm, his grip like a vice even after the fit subsided.
“I’m drowning, David: I can taste it,” he gasped, head still bowed.
“Then what can an Irishman do for an Italian?”
“Hold me as I die,” whispered the policeman. A plaintive gaze met the priest’s. “I love you. As only a brother can. And you love me the same.”
David opened his mouth to say something, but his thoughts shattered.
“Please.”
* * * * *
“Sir! We’ve caught sight of Harker!”
Constable Little couldn’t keep the elation out of his voice as he stuck his head into Inspector Tipple’s office. The detective stood up sharply.
“Explain.”
* * * * *
“Distract me,” Lewis rasped after his friend had helped him lie down again, for sitting had proved too uncomfortable.
The priest’s thoughts were still windswept by what the policeman had asked of him, and watching Lew – a normally powerful, confident man now so very weak and afraid – didn’t help calm them. For the umpteenth time, he wished his pipe weren’t broken.
“How?” David asked.
“Tell me a story,” his friend wheezed. “A memory, a fiction, a dream—doesn’t matter.”
“I can do that.”
He paused only briefly before spitting out the first thing that flitted through his brain, a tale from nearly 20 years past.
“Do you remember the first time you came home with me from school?” David began. “I’d have been nearly 12, and you would’ve just turned 13. It was before you grew so unearthly tall, and before we decided we’d rather be men than boys.”
Lewis nodded briefly as he bit back another harsh cough.
“We tried so hard that summer to escape my sisters. Agatha was too busy with her beau to bother with us, I think, but Lucy and Margaret were determined to torment us, and Cat wanted to join us on all our adventures.”
“She was very persistent for such a tiny creature,” Lew murmured, closing his eyes. A faint, fleeting smile broke up the clouds in his expression.
“Very.” David chewed his lip for a moment, thinking. “One day, we decided to go fishing. The river was higher than I’d ever seen it – before or since – from unusually heavy rains, and the current was quick. The shallows along the bank still made for good fishing, though, and I think we were there from dawn until nearly evening, up past our knees in the eddies.”
“Did we catch anything?” his friend whispered.
“I think we must’ve since we stayed there all day. And what a day it was! I remember the water sparkled in the middle of the river, and the sunlight was so brilliant it made us squint except when we stood under the willows near the shore. The breeze always smelled like fresh hay and damp rocks and growing things, and the air hardly had a man-made sound upon it.”
David fell silent for a moment. Speaking the idyllic scene sent an image of such beauty through his mind that the priest wanted to take a moment to enjoy it, hoping Lewis could as well.
“But the day soured,” his friend put in with a whisper, his brow furrowing faintly in memory. “We argued.”
“We did,” the priest returned, the recollection startling him. He hadn’t remembered until the policeman mentioned it. “It was something childish. About our fathers, I think.”
“I punched you.”
“T’weren’t the first time. Wasn’t the last, either.” David pursed his lips and wondered if he ought to interrupt himself and start a different tale. This wasn’t the happy story he’d originally aimed for, even if it did strangely parallel their current predicament.
“I don’t remember what happened next.” Lewis opened his eyes, curiosity momentarily chasing away all other concerns.
“Well, we began fighting in the shallows,” David replied, capitulating in favor of his friend’s interest. “Our violence was a wrestler’s brawl – all shoving and grappling. You and I were a much more even match back then.”
The priest paused for a moment, the echoes of that summer day darting rapidly and hotly through his brain. Shaking himself, he went on.
“Our fight ended when I pushed you away as hard as I could. You stumbled and fell and struck your head on a rock or a log, or something similar just under the water. And then the current caught you. It was very strong, even in the knee-deep shallows, and you went spinning away in a heartbeat.”
“Oh.” The policeman’s gaze was searching. “You saved me?”
David shook his head. “Lord, I tried. I could barely keep myself afloat, let alone you as well when I dove after you. The current pulled us out to the middle and kept trying to drag you under. Either of us could’ve swum back to the shallows without much trouble, but you were out cold and I couldn’t swim far with you. And if I’d let you go, you’d have sunk. We were stuck. So Catherine saved us.”
“Ah. Yes…she’d followed us that day and played under the trees while we fished.” Lewis raised a brow quizzically. “How, though? She was far too small – no more than four or five years old.”
“Yes, but she was old enough and big enough to run to fetch help.”
“It was a half-mile back to your house,” he whispered.
“The road passed nearby. She fetched some passing cart driver and he came to help us.”
“Ah.” Lewis paused, his eyes half-open and thoughtful. “I remember being ill for a week afterward.”
“Might have something to do with swallowing half the river. Certainly didn’t help that everything upstream was pastureland: makes for very unpleasant runoff.”
Despite everything, Lewis smiled. “That entire week, you made jokes about me drinking my weight in cow piss.”
“—And for much of the rest of the summer.” David found himself smiling as well.
“I don’t think I’ve ever been more grateful for a child’s meddling, then.”
The priest rubbed his eyes. “I’d give a kingdom to have one meddle in this mess.”
* * * * *
Horace Tipple couldn’t sleep.
He’d gotten out of bed – putting on his dressing gown and house slippers quietly so he wouldn’t wake his wife – and wandered into the sitting room. He’d paced, poured himself a dram of scotch, paced some more as he drank it, poured another, smoked a few cigarettes while he drank and paced, and thought furiously all the while.
Horace could count on the fingers of one hand the number of cases that had kept him awake at night during the course of his career. Fretting never solved anything, and he thought better with sleep. However, that logic fell flat in the face of his current investigation.
The reason why Nicholas Harker had let himself be seen so soon after his escape was beyond baffling. And there was no question in Horace’s mind that the fellow had let the police catch sight of him. Though Mr. Harker was none too bright, and most probably not the one who’d orchestrated the flight from Holloway Prison, even a complete idiot would know not to show himself in public during his own blasted manhunt without a bloody good reason.
So why had he done it? Add that to—
“—Rory.”
“Ah. Sorry, love. Didn’t mean to wake you.”
Mathilda slid her arms around him as she joined him in front of the hearth. Horace returned the embrace with one arm, still holding his tumbler with the other hand.
“You’ll find him.” She nodded toward the family portrait, which hung above inspector’s old cavalry sword over the mantle. “And the murderer too.”
The inspector brushed his fingertips over the signature in the corner of the painting, and then drew his wife over to the sofa. They sat down together, and Hildy snugged herself into his side.
“What is it, darling?” she asked.
Horace pursed his lips. “I have an awful, terrible feeling I’m missing something. Or perhaps several things. Lewis disappeared nearly two days ago. I still haven’t any idea who started the rumor that he was home in bed with a fever, and the delay that caused in the search for him is troubling. Also, he vanished more or less the same time our murderer did, and ostensibly at the hands of the same crew. I have my boys tracking both.
“This afternoon, one of those Roman Catholic sisters with the tremendously large wimples—”
“—cornettes,” Hildy supplied.
“—Thank you. One of those. She reported the disappearance of a popish clergyman who began to be missed after he failed to turn up for some celebration or other Friday afternoon. After some additional legwork by my men, he seems to have vanished the same morning as both Lewis Todd and Nicholas Harker. This clergyman, David Powell, is Lewis’s best mate. We’ve met him before, if you recall.
“To further complicate matters, Mr. Harker stepped into view briefly this afternoon and then disappeared once more before any of my people could lay a finger on him.”
“Where did he turn up?”
“He walked into a Clerkenwell police station. Bold as brass. Came in, left an envelope at the desk, and departed as quiet as you please. Didn’t even bother with a disguise.”
“A police station.”
“Yes. And so unexpected it was that the chaps at Clerkenwell didn’t recognize him or give chase until Mr. Harker had plenty of time to vanish in the afternoon street traffic. Which he did.”
“What was in the envelope?” Hildy asked after a pause.
“A certain policeman’s warrant card and a broken string of prayer beads. The kind a popish vicar might use.”
His wife digested this for a moment.
“Oh!” she exclaimed, her brown eyes wide with alarm. “They have both Lewis and his friend… but what can they want? What could be Mr. Harker’s purpose with them?”
“That is why I’m awake at this hour. I can make wild conjectures, but I haven’t the faintest shred of proof in any direction. And since whatever plot’s afoot smacks of far more creativity than Nicholas Harker seems capable of, I begin to wonder if someone else is playing puppet master. Other Harkers are certainly devious enough, but they’ve never resorted to such measures before when one of their own is on trial. They usually worm their way out of charges in the courtroom. On being questioned, they’ve protested that they know nothing.
“To top it off, I have the most nagging suspicion we’re being toyed with, or that my boys and I are puppets as well.”
“Well, it seems obvious you’re being taunted, what with the blatant reappearance and all.”
Horace pursed his lips wryly. “Of course that is a taunt, but I don’t see the need for it. Mr. Harker has been on trial for murder. A very public trial. In that context, this public display would be counterproductive.”
His wife nodded in understanding and yawned. “Lord knows what they’re thinking, then. Fighting a murder charge, but then flaunting multiple kidnappings: quite baffling. Maybe if you stand everything on its head it’ll come out right.”
* * * * *
“Something is the matter with me, Lew. I think you know when it began.”
David had continued speaking to his friend for what had to be hours. The daylight in their cell faded to twilight and then night; lamplight from the adjoining room splintered the darkness through the hole in the wall.
He had reminisced further about their shared youth, about his studies abroad, about the exploits of his nieces and nephews that his sisters and brother had so thoughtfully passed along, and was about to start a new tale when he realized there was a subject he couldn’t avoid any longer.
“A man can face any manner of horrors if they don’t touch his soul, but that accident…” David scrubbed a hand over his face. “The train, two years ago….”
His friend grunted.
“The world shifted that morning. Since then a thousand petty things have happened that make it ever harder to understand the ‘why’ of anything.”
David heard a rustle in the gloom and then Lewis’s hand gripped his arm briefly.
“Not your fault,” his friend whispered. “Have hope.”
The priest shivered but said nothing; the silence lengthened between them. He knew the accident hadn’t been his fault. Logically, anyway. He couldn’t have known what would happen. Even so….
After a time, David noticed his friend’s breathing ease. He glanced down; Lewis had fallen asleep.
Shaking his head, David stood, stretched, and went to draw himself a sip of water from what little they had left when his friend began coughing. The fits had grown steadily worse as the day wore on, and this was the worst yet.
The priest stood still for a moment, overwhelmed with helplessness.
Useless.
No. Not entirely, anyway.
He could do what his friend had asked of him, at least in part, so he started forward with slightly more energy than an automaton.
He cradled Lew’s head and shoulders as the man struggled ever more weakly to breathe, to cough away whatever was filling his lungs. It was a long fit. When it at last subsided, David wiped his friend’s mouth with the cuff of his own sleeve, and then stared uncomprehendingly at the dark stain that streaked the fabric. He held his arm up to the light.
Blood, he realized, a tiny voice in his head screaming in unbound horror. He is drowning.
And something snapped inside him.
Laying his friend back down ever so gently, David lurched to his feet and over to the oblong slit in the wall.
“I know someone’s back there!” he bellowed, putting his mouth near the hole. “I’ve heard you mucking about in there; heard you tell us to keep silent or else; heard you come and go – but enough! Your crew leader told me to keep Lewis alive after he’d been ripped to pieces by you lot, and I’ve done all I can. Only a doctor could keep him alive now!”
David paused, his fury making him shake.
“What good is his life? To you, it’s so much rubbish. But someone in this place has plans for him, for the pair of us. Else we’d have been dead last evening when we tried to flee. Would you ruin those plans with his untimely death? Tell me!”
David stopped to listen, to determine if his bitter words were finding an audience...or just echoing into an empty room.
He heard voices, though: muttered exclamations and arguing, a shout for him to be silent, and then a shout for that speaker to be silent.
“I demand a doctor for my friend!” David roared. “A surgeon! A physician! Any man of medicine!”
The priest would’ve kept shouting, only the door to his cell smashed open and the blond fellow strode in with a light in hand. Three others followed, and two of these crowded the clergyman against the wall, pinning him there.
The blond chap placed his light on the floor and leaned over the policeman briefly. He straightened, thoughtfulness pinching his narrow features. Saying a few low, quick words to the chap at his elbow, the blonde then departed without a glance at the priest.
He left the door open. The other thugs stayed where they were. Waiting. Silent.
“Going to finish us off now?” David asked, his voice sharp with anger. “Got your jollies making an honest man suffer so? Want to see a clergyman grovel? Why—”
A fist in his stomach cut David’s tirade off sharply and bent him double. When he straightened, winded, another blow drove him to his knees.
“Fancies ‘imself an honest man, don’t ‘e?” The thug who’d struck him sneered to his comrade. Both men had the heavy hands and slab-like shoulders and chests of bruisers-for-hire, and looked quite ready to demonstrate their professional expertise. The third fellow, a slimmer man with the face of a ferret, merely looked bored.
“Not me,” David panted, slowly rising to his feet. “My friend is the honest one. I’m just… I’m just a hypocrite.”
“What?” the first thug said.
“Did ‘e jus’ call us some’ing foul?” the second returned.
“No! I—”
But a backhanded strike aborted David’s reply and snapped his head to one side. It seemed the two thugs were simply hunting for an excuse to work him over.
“Don’t fink we likes bein’ tol’ to lay off, vicar,” the first growled. “Boss said ‘halive,’ but Hi can go a long way afore you gets to ‘dead.’”
The two began to beat David.
All of a sudden, the priest was afraid. Not of the hurt raining down on him, but that these thugs would leave him unable to fulfill his promise to his dear, dying friend.
And David feared that his own ill-considered, despair-spurred anger would’ve driven them to it.
Sunday morning
Hildy went to bed after sitting up with him for a half hour or more, but Inspector Tipple gave up on sleep altogether.
He thought a change of pace might freshen his thoughts on the Harker affair, so he sat down at his desk and pulled out files from different cases. Perusing other problems should jog his intuition and grant him a new perspective. After all, the technique had worked in the past.
However, Horace saw only the details that reminded him of the murderer who’d slipped through his fingers – was that only the day before yesterday? – and one of the case files even included a suspect sketch done by Lewis Todd. There was no mistaking that boy’s handiwork, even if the drawing wasn’t signed, and Horace dropped the file on his desk with a sigh.
Ignoring the matter of Nicholas Harker and Lewis Todd – and Lewis’s friend, the vicar – was impossible.  In the night’s silence, he could almost hear them begging to be found.
The telephone rang; Horace nearly started out of his chair at the jarring shrill.
He snatched the receiver from its hook before the second ring (poor Hildy) and leaned toward the call box, which was fastened to the wall above his desk.
“Sir,” came the clipped greeting. Of course it was one of Horace’s policemen: no one else would be calling at half-past three on a Sunday morning. He recognized the voice of Sergeant John Nolan.
“Sorry to wake you, sir,” Nolan went on, “but you asked that we ring you if anything further developed.”
“Do tell.”
What the sergeant then related had Horace Tipple at the station by four o’clock.
Nolan greeted him at the door and together they walked up to the first floor, the station still busy despite the early hour. (After all, a manhunt for a murderer was underway, and a brother policeman was missing.) Nolan was a steady, sturdy fellow not much younger than Horace; they began speaking as soon as they reached a table to one side of the floor’s open expanse. The bobbies who’d been clustered about it made way when the detective drew near.
“The coroner did confirm the identity of the body, sir.” The sergeant said, handing a sketch he’d taken from one of several sheaves of paper on the tabletop to the inspector.
Horace looked at the drawing (yet another one of Lewis’s) and frowned. “Frank O’Malley. He’s been a person of interest?”
Nolan nodded. “Sergeant Todd put together a folio of all the Harkers and their prime lackeys as they figured into the case since we had photographs of only a few. He sketched O’Malley when the chap insisted on coming forward as a character witness for Nicholas Harker.”
“Ah, yes,” Horace nodded. “I remember hearing of his vehement determination…. He wasn’t a material witness, though, was he?”
“No. He was in a pub in Bethnal Green at the time of the murder. But he was Harker’s impromptu guardian after the boy’s mother died several years ago and was adamant the young man couldn’t have killed anyone, let alone one of the family’s chief underworld competitors. Of all the family’s proclamations of the boy’s innocence, O’Malley’s were the most vigorous.”
“And now he’s dead.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Cause of death?”
“The coroner says it’s the same manner and method used by Nicholas Harker to kill Milo Gervais: a throat cut by a heavy knife.”
While that methodology itself wasn’t particularly unique, the style of the knife stroke had been. On account of it (and with the help of a mortician who kept extensive notes), Horace had been able to link Gervais’s murder with several others, all of which formed the foundation of his case against Nicholas Harker and the Harker empire as a whole.
Before he voiced what he found so glaringly problematic about Mr. O’Malley’s death, Horace asked, “Where was the body?”
“Constable Little interrupted a group of men attempting to dump it in the river off Nightingale, sir,” a plainclothes detective sergeant, Eustace Bradtree, chimed in. Missing one of his front teeth, Bradtree whistled a bit when he said his S’s. “They fled as soon as they heard his shout, but they hadn’t finished their work.”
“Little is one of Sergeant Todd’s men?” Horace asked, almost absently, as he turned to the large, detailed map of the East End tacked to the wall behind him.
“Yes, sir. He helped Lewis put that folio together, so he recognized O’Malley and asked the coroner to speed his work,” Bradtree whistled. “Only brought the body in a few hours ago. Seems to have been dead about a day. Also, the abandoned cart was found in a nameless alley near Sheridan Street.”
“We’re certain that cart is linked to the case?” The inspector half-turned back toward his men.
“As we can be, sir.” Bradtree nodded to a mud-smudged police helmet sitting on the table amid the paperwork and other odds-and-ends. “That was stashed in the back. Has Sergeant Todd’s name inked in the lining.”
Horace nodded and turned back to the map. He located Nightingale Lane where it brushed the Thames on the map and chewed his lip in thought.
The Harkers had holdings throughout the East End (if primarily in Whitechapel): they were highlighted on this map, as was the trail of the false police wagon in which Nicholas Harker had escaped from Holloway Prison, and the side street where the abandoned cart had been found an hour or two before. The alley where Lewis Todd had presumably disappeared and the Clerkenwell police station were also marked.
Holloway, Clerkenwell, and the Old Bailey were a few miles to the northwest of Whitechapel on the other side of the Old City. The police wagon’s path had been traced as far as central Whitechapel before it petered to nothing somewhere between Turner Street and Raven near London Hospital.
The five points were nowhere near each other and bore no noticeable relationship to any of the Harker properties.
Not allowing the map’s inconclusiveness to drive him to frustration, Horace turned back to his men. “Are all the Harkers’ holdings on this map? Current and past?”
Sergeant Nolan thought for a moment in his plodding, steady way. “Current, yes sir, and we have as many men as possible keeping an eye on them with assistance from J, N, and K divisions. We didn’t mark some of the Harkers’ old premises – which we’re also not watching – such as that burned out factory in Bethnal Green, the warehouses in St. George’s they sold to MacDermott Incorporated last autumn, or the abandoned tunnels some fool of a Harker dug in the sixties to meet up with the West End Underground.”
“Why not the last? Seems an excellent place in which to hole-up.”
Detective Sergeant Bradtree chimed in again. “Most of that was taken over by developing sewer lines, bricked in, or absorbed as lower levels of existing street-level structures and walled off from the rest of the tunnel system. I’ve heard what’s left in the Harkers’ asset portfolio is a series of isolated labyrinths, numbering perhaps a dozen or more. Very difficult to access discreetly, though doable with aid. Also, problematic for us to monitor.”
Horace chewed his lip some more. “Has the coroner stated whether he might be able to determine where our deceased has been recently?”
Nolan and Bradtree looked at each other.
“I’ll ask him, sir,” Bradtree whistled for the both of them.
“Very well. Also, consider where a fugitive might find the means to hide himself, as well as enjoy the ability to enter and exit with relative ease without alerting the public.”
Several heads around the table nodded.
“Now,” Horace said, returning to one of the many and multiplying issues that bothered him, “why do you think Harker would kill – rather, personally execute – one of his greatest supporters only two days after escaping police custody?”
* * * * *
“Stop.”
At first, the priest thought he’d spoken without meaning to. But his lips hadn’t moved from their frozen grimace, and he hadn’t the breath to speak anyway.
“S-stop!”
Someone pushed between David and his attackers, repeating the stuttering injunction a third time. For a time, the second thug had held the priest steady for the other to strike; then the second fellow had released him to have a go as well. David had sunk down on his haunches and huddled against the wall with his eyes closed; from this position, now, the priest couldn’t tell who the newcomer was.
The battering stopped.
“Move yer arse, y’bloody fool,” the first thug snarled.
“N-no! No!” The newcomer’s words were a cross between a command and a plea; at the same time, David felt himself wrapped in gentle embrace.
“Why you—!”
“—Venn!” The second thug cut the first off sharply. “Boss says we can’t touch ‘im.”
The first – whose name was apparently Venn – grumbled most vehemently at this, but (to David’s surprise) he respected both the newcomer’s wishes and the second thug’s reminder.
After a moment, David opened his eyes – one was nearly swelled shut – and saw Innocent’s face only a few inches from his own.
“Thank you,” the priest murmured. Split and bleeding though his lips were, he managed to speak coherently. Innocent beamed in response.
The young man helped David stand. His body screamed quite unhappily at this, but the priest was pleased to note none of his new pains shrilled with the sharpness of broken bones.
Small mercy.
The fair-haired chap returned a minute or two later, and the two thugs crowded David against the wall again. With Innocent at his shoulder, the only violence the two directed toward him were hostile looks (the third thug still seemed as bored as ever).
A new fellow who’d accompanied the blonde into the room completely arrested David’s attention.
This chap was no taller than the priest himself, of a slight but sturdy build, and dressed in the long, loose shirt and baggy, straight-legged trousers of the Orient. The fellow’s face was a round collection of lines and wrinkles, his eyes were an impassive almond in both shape and color, and the hair that straggled out from beneath a squashed felt cap was uniformly white.
In silence, the old man knelt down next to Lewis, who was deathly still in the lamplight’s glow…though David could still hear him wheezing ever so faintly.
Every person in the room – even the bored thug – was riveted by the sight of the little foreigner as he transformed the room into an impromptu surgery.
Over the course of the next hour or so (David couldn’t be certain how long), the old man worked over the policeman with long-nailed, deft fingers. When he finally finished, Lewis was rather bloodied, but his breathing was noticeably stronger, less labored, and his face no longer bluish.
That the blonde had indeed brought a doctor to fix his friend shocked the priest, as did the exchange the little foreigner and the fair-haired fellow had as the former made to leave.
As the old man moved to the door, he paused, caught the leader’s arm, and began to speak to the fellow in what sounded to David like Mandarin. David had yet to learn any of the languages from the Orient, but he had little doubt he would should they ever escape their current predicament. Even now, though, he was able to understand the gist of the conversation that passed between the two men.
It seemed the old fellow was chastising the blond thug for something (perhaps for what had been done to Lewis?), and the thug hung his head briefly in acknowledgment.
If this surprised David, hearing the blonde respond in the same language – albeit with an unmistakably east London accent – did so even more. Whatever he said seemed to mollify the old man, who then departed.
As the blonde, whose face was impassive but whose eyes were introspective, nodded for his lackeys to leave, Innocent spoke up.
“I is s-s-s-stayin’.”
The blond fellow gave him a hard look, but shrugged and left without further ado, the three other thugs accompanying him and taking the lantern as they left.
The light dimmed back to what shown through the wall slit as the door slammed shut behind them; David stood against the wall for a moment before starting toward his friend.
He staggered once; Innocent steadied him. The priest was dimly curious about where Innocent had been all day, but curiosity could wait. He had a promise to keep.
Kneeling down by his friend, the little clergyman bowed his head and closed his eyes and began to speak the words Lewis had asked for.
Languages came so easily to David. He’d never thought his talent anything special until he’d been to seminary in Rome. There, surrounded by students from many other countries, he discovered other tongues making sense to him within weeks of an initial introduction. By the end of his first term, he’d been passably conversant in a half-dozen languages beside his own, and genuinely fluent in those same half-dozen by the end of the year. Italian, French, German, Spanish – in addition to the Latin and Greek required by his studies – were his in so little time that even his professors began to wonder.
Their awe had made him uncomfortable, so he’d brushed it away by saying he’d received extensive training as a child – only partially true. One of his teachers, however, had encouraged him to recognize his gift as just that, so David had revised his perception and learned to relish and share his skill with communication.
Now, some 10 years after his professor had encouraged him, David was fluent in a full dozen languages, conversant in twice that many dialects, and still absorbing another five or so new tongues. This gift was one of the cornerstones of the school he was trying to establish.
As he said the words of the prayer, though, it was as if David were speaking a language he’d forgotten.
He knew the words had meaning, but as the words of the sacrament passed from his lips into the still air of the room, that meaning escaped him. For a moment, he tried to hold onto them, to yank their importance back so he could understand again, but he gave up.
The words weren’t for him in any case.
When he finished, David rested for a moment with his head still bowed, aching.
“A’ yer a p-p-pries’?”
David looked up, confused for a moment. The movement made the room spin.
“Yes – why yes, I am,” he mumbled, realizing then that Innocent had never seen him in his clerics.
The room whirled faster.
Maybe he should lie down for a moment, David thought woozily. After all, he’d slept only an hour or two since...was it the night before last?
Innocent said something further, but the priest couldn’t make out what it was, what with his pulse a thundering, all-consuming tempo in his ears.
The room tilted sideways.
Then everything went black.
* * * * *
“Clay dust.”
“Yes, sir, that’s what the coroner believes the substance is which he found on the deceased’s clothing and shoes, as if the fellow had been crouching or sitting in the stuff,” Sergeant Simon Bartholomew said, looking up from his notes. “I could scrounge up a chemist to have a look at it as well, though.”
Tipple shook his head. “Troublesome at half-past seven on a Sunday morning. Even so, did Dr. Hansworth give any more detail about what sort of clay? As in river silt, or pottery, or plain earth?”
Simon consulted his notes again. “He said it was a fine sort, evenly colored, as used in kiln-fired ceramics. Dishware and the like. And I expect he’s seen plenty of river leavings to discount silt.”
The inspector pursed his lips and ran a hand through his hair.
Simon let the old man think in peace for a moment. The sergeant knew at least one of the Harker family’s factories made dinnerware and wondered if Tipple would order a search of all premises related to it. A move like that certainly wouldn’t be popular with the family – or the larger public – but manhunts for escaped murderers could afford to step on finer sensibilities.
“Sit down, Sergeant,” Tipple said, interrupting Bartholomew’s thoughts.
The inspector leaned back in his desk chair, steepling his fingers, and regarded Simon in silence for a moment.
“Have you ever watched a magician’s act before?”
“Sir?”
Tipple lit a cigarette from the butt of one still smoldering in the ashtray on his desk and inhaled deeply.
“Have you ever visited a country fair and stopped to watch a conjurer or magician perform sleights of hand?” the inspector said again, his words riding a curl of tobacco smoke. “He dazzles you; blinds you by spectacle, or by a flourish, or encourages you to look elsewhere while the trick is played. ‘Look here,’ he says, and we do, and then we look again and are amazed.”
Simon nodded. “But the rabbit is still in the box.”
“Hidden behind a mirror,” Tipple agreed. “And we’ve seen only what we expected.”
“…Sir?”
“I have been chasing the Harkers ever since the former patriarch, Ernest Harker, finagled his son Winston – the current patriarch – out of a dual charge of rape and murder fifteen years ago. And for fifteen years I’ve chased this family: always watching for one of them to finally stumble. Openly waiting in the wings for one of them to finally leave the evidence I need to make a case strong enough for a conviction.”
“Nicholas Harker did.”
Tipple studied the smoke wafting from his cigarette for a moment.
“Did he?” the old man murmured.
“Sir?”
“Having wanted the Harkers and their societal rot to come tumbling down for so long, I saw everything I wished to see when we came upon that young devil holding a bloody knife. The evidence accompanying Nicholas Harker’s arrest was dazzling, and the trail of breadcrumbs that led from there to the witch’s house was spellbinding.”
“What…what are you saying, sir?”
“That, as bad as the Harkers are, there’s someone worse in the mix who’s murdered to achieve his ends against the family. They’ve been set up.”
The look on Tipple’s face was dreadful as he said this, and Simon realized he was seeing – for perhaps the first time ever – the old man let his usually checked emotions slip free. Anger made the detective’s blue eyes flash, and another, darker emotion flushed his cheeks a light but obvious shade of rose.
“Why are you thinking this, sir? Now, of all times?”
Tipple pursed his lips. “Because, Sergeant – wild though this conjecture may be – I can see no reason for any of what’s happened these last three days to have happened at all if a Harker spearheaded the scheme.”
He reached across his desk and brushed his finger along a small, framed portrait of his wife. After a moment, the inspector went on in a musing voice.
“If I can make two generalities about the Harkers, they are as follows. First, whenever the Harkers come under scrutiny by the law, they draw their people in and seal up their operations to give the police no additional fodder. Secondly, loyalty within the family is fierce, but the repercussions for betrayal are brutal.”
He mashed out his cigarette in the ashtray.
“We’ve gone over the case’s inconsistencies time and again. However, what is perhaps the greatest contradiction or quandary is Frank O’Malley’s murder. Given the man’s connections, he might have met his end for some reason wholly unrelated with our current investigation. And it is also conceivable that he betrayed Nicholas Harker or someone else in the family in some terrible way that merited a swift execution, heedless of timing. But this seems completely against a typical Harker’s public business scruples.
“Add to this my confidence in Dr. Hansworth’s abilities. The hand that killed Mr. O’Malley is the same that killed Milo Gervais and all those others.”
Tipple pursed his lips. “I begin to think, therefore, that perhaps I should look at the whole situation from the opposite direction. Turn it on its head, and all. If it is so unfathomable and unreasonable that our escapee killed the one who seemed to be his greatest ally, perhaps his hand wasn’t the one holding the knife at all.”
“...Which would also mean he didn’t kill Gervais or any of the others,” Simon said slowly.
Tipple nodded.
“Nicholas Harker signed a confession.”
“And those are always honest? Mr. Harker may be merely complicit…or even innocent altogether.”
For the barest instant, the sergeant thought he knew what sentiment had darkened the old man’s expression, but then dismissed the notion at once. There could be no possible reason for Tipple to feel guilty.
“This calls into question everything we’ve taken for granted about the manhunt thus far,” the old detective said. “While I find the traces of ceramic dust on Mr. O’Malley’s clothing an enticing lead, I fear it may be a red herring. Something planted to lead us astray from our true objective.”
“Where do we go from here then, sir?”
Simon sincerely hoped Tipple had thought that far ahead, for the sergeant hadn’t an idea where to turn in a case the inspector had just rent to shambles. Fortunately, the old man had.
“Perhaps we’ll find our man if we search out whomever it is who will benefit most greatly from the collapse of the Harkers’ empire; that is, discover the person or group who will step into the vacuum.
“However,” the inspector went on, standing, “we must carry on without alerting this magician that we are catching on to his tricks. So we go wherever the evidence – the ceramic dust – leads us. Given events, I can only think the perpetrator is moving his plans quickly toward a predetermined close.”
“You don’t think we can prevent whatever’s coming.”
Simon’s alarm must have been plain in his expression, because the inspector gave the sergeant a gentle squeeze on the arm as they both moved toward the door.
“The magician will have his show,” Tipple’s face and voice back to their normal, reassuring mildness. “But at least we’ll be expecting his tricks and will see more than he expects of us.”
* * * * *
They hadn’t run like this since they were children.
Sunlight painted vivid splashes of gold on the forest floor. She leapt over the smaller ones as she sprinted, laughingly glancing over her shoulder at him as she wove through the trees. They moved with the grace of dreams – almost flying rather than touching the ground.
He finally caught up to her on the riverbank. She splashed into the shallows up to her ankles; he flopped down on the cool earth under a tree. They laughed to each other, at each other, but said nothing.
When she sat down next to him after a bit, he tossed her a flower the same brilliant purple-blue as her eyes, and which was her namesake as well. He felt his smile soften as she pressed the tiny blossom to her nose. His eyes went wide, though, when she then leaned over and gave him an impulsive peck on the cheek.
Time, the breeze rustling the leaves overhead, the gurgles of the river along the bank – all these seemed to slow as their eyes met and held. The laughter faded and a serious sort of anticipation budded in its place.
He reached out to brush away a stray, windblown chocolate lock curling down the side of her face, and couldn’t help but lean toward her. Their lips would meet in the middle; the idea filled him with joy and nervousness and boldness and shyness all at once.
An inch apart, he closed his eyes…
…and opened them again in the dim morning light of the clay dusted cell.
“A pleasant dream, I gather?”
Hearing that dry rasp, David Powell sat up in surprise.
There, not an arm’s reach away, sat his friend: awake, alive, breathing easily – alive.
“Lew!”
The other man smiled slightly at the priest’s obvious delight.
“A surgeon came?” Lewis gestured to the neat row of a dozen or so stitches on his side, pasted over with some yellowish ointment. The Chinaman hadn’t bandaged his work.
“A medicine man from the Orient. That gang leader – the fighter – brought him.”
“Ah.”
“Old fellow bled you like a stuck pig and plucked your ribs like a harp.”
The policeman grunted and poked at the surgeon’s handiwork for a moment, then looked back at the priest with a concerned frown.
“A good bit of work – I can barely feel a thing…but at what cost to you?”
“If you’re referring to the lovely state of my complexion—” David touched his bruised face gingerly, “—attribute it to my own wisdom and good fortune. I was rather angry last night and thought it only fair to spread the wrath around.”
“How poorly are you?”
“Compared to you? I’m rather well off: merely lumps and bruises. My head is harder than yours, I think.”
Lewis looked for a moment as though he weren’t sure whether David spoke in bravado or truth, but only asked, “Who’s that other fellow?”
The priest looked around and saw Innocent sleeping in a huddled heap not too far away, his back to them.
“Another soul caught up in this mess, picked up by the same chaps who nabbed us, though his lot seems different from ours.” David licked his cracked lips and looked back at his old friend. “Decent young fellow who saved me from the worst of their attentions last night. He’s been helping me tend to you. He also says you know each other. Name is Innocent.”
Lewis frowned and shook his head once.
“Doesn’t ring a bell.” He coughed briefly, the sound harsh but nowhere near as dreadful as it had been earlier. “Is there any water?”
In answer, David lurched to his feet. He’d been able to ignore last night’s abuse just sitting still; standing and walking, however, were a far different story. His stomach shrieked the worst echoes of last night’s attentions. Compounded with a gnawing hunger, straightening made him gasp involuntarily.
Lew raised an eyebrow at him; however, David only shrugged and smiled and limped to the water bucket.
It hadn’t been refilled since the day before, but the little left at the bottom would do.
“Though you look wretched this morning,” Lew murmured as David offered him the tin cup (the policeman made the priest drink first), “it seems as if a weight’s been lifted from your shoulders.”
The clergyman sat down next to his friend with a comically loud groan.
“Honestly? Perhaps it has.”
“You were even smiling in your sleep.”
“Was I?” David recalled his dream and smiled again. “No wonder: it was a pleasant memory. I dreamt of Violet Carew.”
“Violet,” Lewis repeated with a brief chuckle. “That’s a name I’ve not heard in years.”
His smile faded, and he turned a strangely intense gaze on the priest.
“Is she also why you’ve been out of sorts recently?” the sergeant asked softly. “Regrets?”
“Not of that nature, no,” David shook his head and then snorted. “Though sometimes I miss how simple it all was half a lifetime ago. My only worry seemed to be whether I should’ve kissed her or not…or kissed her again. Or more proficiently.”
Lewis tipped his head back and actually laughed – though that ended quickly enough as he clutched his ribs.
“We were such romantics back then,” the sergeant said.
“We’ve aged like fine wine…or maybe a smelly cheese – but not changed much in essentials,” David returned with a smile.
“True,” Lewis shook his head ruefully, and then his expression became thoughtful. “It’s Sunday: surely we’ve been missed by now. You, most certainly.”
David nodded slowly. “Do you suppose someone is looking for us?”
There was no hesitation in the policeman’s answer. “Yes.” A pause. “Though I can’t think how anyone would know where to look.”
The priest wondered if Innocent might be able to shed any light on that, given his absence Saturday afternoon.
As if on cue, the young man stirred and sat up yawning and rubbing his eyes with both hands. Likely, their conversation had wakened him.
“‘llo,” he said around a second yawn, twisting to face them.
“Good morning. Innocent, this is my friend, Lewis Todd – though I suppose you already know him,” the priest began as the young man stood and stretched. “Lewis—oh!”
The policeman’s face had twisted into a snarl.
With a ferocious, wordless cry, Lewis hoisted himself to his feet and crossed the ground to the young man in three quick strides.
Then, seizing Innocent by the shirt collar, he swiped the boy’s legs out from under him with a sweeping kick and slammed Innocent on his back to the floor.
“Lew! What—?!”
David staggered to his feet as quickly as he could to intervene. The bobby was down on one knee nearly throttling the young fellow.
“This man should be in prison for murder!” Sergeant Todd spat. “He’s Nicholas Harker.”
* * * * *
“It’s very busy here this morning,” a fellow by the name of Conway Duke stated, blotting at a cut on his temple with his handkerchief. “Is something afoot?”
Horace Tipple bobbed his head noncommittally. “What can I do for you, Mr. Duke? If you would like to make a statement regarding an assault, Constable Frost here—”
“—I need to speak with you, Detective Inspector Tipple,” the other returned quickly, his voice at once nervous and earnest. “It’s about Nicholas Harker.”
“Oh?”
“Is there somewhere we can speak more privately?”
Horace pursed his lips. He’d left Bartholomew and Bradtree in his office explaining to H Division’s superintendent their plans to search a few premises owned by the Harkers, and the first floor was packed with bobbies preparing for the raids. He’d only been summoned to the main floor a few minutes before by Constable Frost (who’d remained behind to scribe as needed) to speak with the newcomer. As it was, the corner they stood in in the mostly empty receiving area was probably as secluded as anywhere else in the station.
“What is it you’d like to tell me?” the inspector asked, not budging.
“He told me to find you and give you a message.”
“You’ve been in contact with Nicholas Harker?” Horace said sharply.
“Yes, but not willingly!” Duke replied quickly, gesturing to the bruised cut on his brow. “I never expected to see him again, but he knocked me a good one and threatened me!”
“Do you require a surgeon?” The inspector hoped his tone was solicitous, but the fellow’s demeanor grated, threatening his mask of politeness. It wasn’t the man’s fault: being tired always made geniality difficult.
“It—it isn’t necessary.”
“Please: if you would start from the beginning then.”
Horace gestured for Constable Frost to ready his notepad while Duke collected his thoughts. After a few moments, the message bearer drew a deep breath and started his tale.
“I began working with the Harkers after I returned to London a few months back – right around the New Year. I clerk at one of their factories near Bethnal Green: Harker Fine Goods. They hired me because I’m family.”
“But not a blood relative,” Horace guessed. The fellow, who was average enough in height and build and oddly reminded the inspector of a schoolmaster, hadn’t the look of one of the clan. Not that they were all identical, but Harker males tended to have distinctly dimpled chins. The characteristic was absent on Mr. Duke’s face, and the fellow’s next words confirmed the conjecture.
“My late sister, God rest her, married Rafe Harker. The pair of them perished in the same boating accident in ‘80.” Duke hesitated, the hand dabbing his brow stilling for a moment. “Her son – my nephew – is Nicholas.”
When the inspector made no comment to this, the other man continued.
“In any case, I didn’t see much of the boy when I first returned, or even much of him when he was a lad. I didn’t approve of my sister becoming involved with that family at all, but she is…was…my senior by nearly a decade.
“Most everyone is fond of the boy: they think him slow and his incomprehensible stutter beguiling. But I saw a different side of him once or twice in his childhood: a frightful, diabolic turn of character with which I’m sure you and the police are familiar. A psychiatrist quack might call those turns deranged, manic fugues.”
Conway Duke had begun his speech with considerable nervousness; as he progressed, however, his nerves appeared to steady, and to Horace the man seemed almost eager to finally share his long-held secret.
“In any case,” Duke went on, “I had hoped adulthood would change the boy, and the little I saw of him since my return – preceding his arrest – seemed a good indicator that he indeed had. I was mistaken. While the rest of the family seem keen to support him and deny his culpability, I will not share their good opinion of the boy.”
“And how did you come across him today?” Horace tacitly nudged the conversation back on track.
Duke blinked at him as if surprised the inspector refused to commiserate.
Constable Frost’s pencil stub scratched furiously across the pages of his little notepad.
“I stopped in at the factory where I clerk to pick up some papers. Mr. Harker…Archibald, that is, requested that I bring them round to his house at tea today, and I thought I’d collect them on my way back from services this morning. Mr. Harker’s request isn’t unusual, and I found myself at the factory at about half-past ten.
“I let myself in the back way as I always do after hours. As I was making my way to the offices, I saw someone moving about near the area where equipment and raw materials are stored. I’d thought myself alone until then. I called out to him, and then someone struck me from behind.”
Duke rubbed the back of his head in pained memory.
“When I came to my senses, I wasn’t in the factory anymore, but in some sort of long, bricked corridor with what seemed to be many hallways or rooms branching off from it. And there was my nephew with a few thug-like men. He gave me a brief message – very concise and well-planned as though he’d memorized it…which he must have done for me to understand him at all – then he clocked me on the head.”
Gingerly, he touched the cut at the fringe of his gray-sprinkled hairline.
“I was in the alley behind the factory when I awoke, and came straight here as soon as my wits returned fully.”
“What was the message?”
“To find you and to tell you that he’s ready whenever you are to settle the feud, that you’ll have figured the location, and…” Duke’s voice trailed away, and his dark eyes became nervous once more.
“—And?” Horace prompted.
The message bearer swallowed audibly.
“…and he said he’ll trade the two in his pocket for you.”
* * * * *
David Powell was about to lay a restraining hand on his friend’s shoulder when he realized Lewis wasn’t actually throttling Innocent, but gripping the boy’s collar tightly in one fist – very tightly and very firmly, but not brutally.
After all, there was a difference between Lewis Todd and the thugs who’d kidnapped them.
The police sergeant leaned over. His face inches from Innocent’s, Lewis growled slowly and with noticeable menace: “Why are you here? How?”
Innocent (or was it Nicholas?) spluttered a reply. The look on the young man’s face was frightened, yet he hadn’t raised a hand in struggle and lay still as he spoke.
However, before the young man finished his explanation, which was the same he’d given David before, Lewis shook his head and cut him off.
“No. It’s no use.”
The frustration in his friend’s tone surprised David, who stood still at his friend’s side with one hand outstretched to check the violence that didn’t come.
“Lew?”
Lewis released Innocent abruptly and sat down with an ‘oof.’
“I can’t understand him,” the bobby replied to David’s unspoken question, his voice a rasp once more. “He could be saying anything – a taunt, a threat, a plea – and I’m none the wiser.”
“He said he was sprung from prison and brought here against his will,” David murmured.
His friend looked at him sharply, eyebrows shooting upward.
“You understand him?”
The priest nodded.
“He understands me, my questions?”
Innocent, who had sat up cautiously, and David both nodded at the same time.
Lewis frowned, coughed, and then said, “Then I want to know everything about why you’re here, Mr. Harker, why we’re here, and what’s to be done with us. And don’t test me. I shan’t restrain you – what would be the point in here? – but if you threaten me or my friend in any way I will incapacitate you.”
“That won’t be necessary,” the priest said quickly.
“I mean it nonetheless,” the sergeant returned, the steel in his voice directed as much toward David as Innocent.
The young man nodded once but hesitated. Cocking his head to one side, the Innocent studied the policeman for a moment and then thrust a hand into a pocket in his trousers. He freed his handkerchief and offered it to the sergeant.
“F-f-f-f-or ‘at.”
Lew raised an eyebrow; Innocent pointed; David interceded.
“You tore a stitch or two throwing the boy about,” the priest explained as he sat down stiffly next to the pair. “He’s trying to help.”
The stoniness of the policeman’s expression melted a touch, and he accepted the handkerchief with a nod. Mopping up the red trickle on his side undammed by his exertions, Lewis gestured for Innocent to speak.
For the next hour or more, David translated. Though Innocent at first only repeated the brief tale of how he’d been taken from prison and locked up there, Sergeant Todd soon began asking questions.
“On your behalf, the family lawyers pled innocence to the murder charge, yet you signed a confession to the opposite. Why?”
(I wouldn’t have signed it if I’d known what ‘murder’ meant.)
“What did you do when you finally understood the charge?”
(Frank had explained the situation to me – he understands me like Father David does – but not until I was already in jail. Frank helped me write a letter to you then, a sort of revised confession.)
“He didn’t kill anyone,” David reiterated. He was sure of it. “Ever.”
Lewis glanced at the priest curiously, and then spent a good deal of time questioning Innocent about the most recent murder, as well as several others connected to the case. Though the young man’s memory of details was poor and understanding of things simplistic, he said something every now and again that made the sergeant’s eyes flash. Someone who didn’t know the policeman as well as David mightn’t have noticed the flares of interest, but since the bobby didn’t explain what peaked it so, the priest continued his interpretations without further comment.
“Why did you send me the letter?” the policeman asked after he’d finished going over the case’s details to his satisfaction. “You could’ve posted it to the police station, or to Inspector Tipple who has charge of the investigation, or any number of people.”
(I remembered your name and face best, and Frank had recommended it since you have a reputation for fairness and seem more inclined to listen than Inspector Tipple.)
Hearing this, Lewis’s ears tinted a faint red, but he went on with his queries.
“None of us policemen could understand you. When that became clear, why did no one come forward to speak for you?”
(Frank said he tried, but no one let him. A few others could understand and speak for me, but didn’t. Then the lawyers told me to say nothing more.)
To this answer, Lewis let out a distinctly dissatisfied sounding grunt.
“And when you signed that confession written for you, we wouldn’t have pressed the matter further,” the policeman muttered to himself. He scratched at the whiskers darkly shadowing his chin, the gesture angry, and then asked, “Why does my friend think your name is Innocent?”
(My mother called me her ‘innocent one.’ I miss her.)
“Do you know the men who’ve captured us?”
A nod.
“How might they have learned that you sent me a letter?”
(I only told Frank, so I don’t know. He wrote it for me.)
The sergeant’s face went even more pensive for a moment, but he continued after only a brief pause.
“Who are they?”
(I don’t recognize all of them, but some I do. They work for my uncle.)
“This uncle is the same one who gave you the knife after Milo Gervais’s murder?”
Another nod.
“Did he kill Milo Gervais?”
Innocent gave a hesitant shrug. (I didn’t see what happened.)
“Did you see him kill anyone else?”
(I…maybe. A man fell down once after Uncle Conway finished speaking with him. My uncle was angry with him and with me after.)
The young man had been sitting with his legs drawn up to his chest and his arms wrapped around his knees. As the conversation dwelt upon his uncle, Innocent’s shoulders hunched and he began rocking back and forth.
Unaware of or ignoring the boy’s agitation, Lewis frowned and stated, “The Harkers are very loyal to one another. One wouldn’t think…. I don’t recall there being a Conway Harker.”
(No. He’s my mother’s brother. Conway Duke.)
“Oh!” That stopped the policeman short for a minute or so, and David could almost see the thoughts churning in his friend’s head, as if the pieces of a tremendous puzzle were slowly fluttering and falling into place.
The young man’s rocking slowed and stopped in the silence.
“Is it a grab for power? Why gather up and detain all the people who might finger him for that murder…?” the sergeant mused mostly to himself, and then to the young man: “What are his plans for us?”
Though Innocent had no reply, David couldn’t help but think that a person was missing from that ‘all’: what had become of Frank O’Malley? He didn’t voice that thought, however, instead asking a question of his own.
“Where were you yesterday afternoon and evening?”
Innocent’s answer – that Uncle Conway had asked him to deliver a message to the police – David repeated aloud for the bobby’s benefit. Lewis nodded, accepting the explanation, then asked softly:
“What do you want, Innocent?”
The quiet question surprised the priest. For one, he hadn’t expected Lewis to call the young man by anything other than his given name or surname. And also, David thought it was less a question the bobby would ask than would the man himself.
“T-t-t-t-o g-go ‘ome.”
“When we get free of here, then, I think my friend here can help tell your story properly.”
Innocent beamed; David cocked his head at his friend.
“You believe him?”
A brief smile flitted across Lew’s face.
“It’s more that I believe you. That you’re ready to vouch for him isn’t lost on me, and means much.” The sergeant tugged a sideburn fast blurring into his beard scruff. “The court will require more than just his translated word to stay a murder conviction. For me, though: it’s enough that I trust you.”
Sunday afternoon
Horace Tipple was surprised how quickly he and his men found themselves in the labyrinthine tunnels under Harker Fine Goods.
Why, it was only just after noon.
They’d relied on blueprints and city diagrams and what little direction Conway Duke was able to give before he’d been escorted home; finding the tunnel entrance in the factory was easy.
The inspector, with Sergeant Bartholomew and three squads of bobbies, discovered the flight of stairs partly concealed in the back of the storeroom and followed it down. Another three Whitechapel squads were hunting for similar entrances in nearby buildings; hopefully, searching from below and above would reveal how Harker could come and go so easily.
Policemen on loan from Bethnal Green and St. George’s were keeping watch on the streets, ready to nab any of the gang who might be flushed out by the raid. Horace had circulated Lewis’s folio of sketches among the 100 or so bobbies taking part before they started out from Leman Street.
The detective was determined that they wouldn’t end the day empty-handed.
Searching the tunnels they found at the foot of the hidden stair, though, was ploddingly slow work. There were just so many twists and turns and branches that they couldn’t speed through the appropriately depicted labyrinth, even though they reached a promising, broad, lamp-lighted corridor within minutes. It seemed very similar to what Conway Duke had described.
“—As we’ve measured it, sir, the chambers we’ve found thus far were once storerooms for Harker Fine Goods,” Detective Sergeant Haggerty was saying. Broderick Haggerty, the only plainclothes policeman in the tunnels other than Horace, was a blunt-speaking fellow with a thinning mop of ginger hair. The inspector hadn’t had much cause to work with the junior detective before, and certainly not on the Harker case, but Haggerty seemed game to step in at a moment’s notice.
“Only ‘once?’”
“Yes, sir.” Haggerty gestured to the two constables hunched over a map they’d spread out on an old packing crate. The pair was marking off paces counted with a measuring stick, a compass aiding their plotting. “We’re under a trio of outbuildings Mr. Archibald Harker has slated for demolition in a few weeks. They and their storerooms down here have been unused for about two years due to damage caused by a kiln rupture.”
Horace pursed his lips as he wondered why the corridor was as well-lighted and maintained as a thoroughfare.
Haggerty opened his mouth to comment further, but was interrupted by Sergeant Bartholomew trotting back to them.
“Sir! A room just there—“ the bobby pointed back over his shoulder vaguely, “—there’s something you should see.”
Leaving Haggerty to his map men, Horace followed the sergeant’s lead. As they made their way down the passage, the inspector noted a pair of constables a few paces back, tailing him as they had since they left the Leman Street station.
“Were those your idea, Sergeant?”
“What? Oh….” Bartholomew looked back at the constables in tow and bobbed his head once.
Horace chewed his lip. “Why do I have an escort?”
“Sir…what Mr. Duke said: that was a threat.” The sergeant’s reply was soft but steely. “I’m not the only who thinks Harker…or his puppeteer” – his voice went even softer – “wishes you harm and has the means to carry it out. Having men at your back, at least, grants us some peace of mind.”
Horace nodded in acquiescence. “As you wish. But you must know I haven’t any intention to give in to whatever our foe is planning, and every intention of wresting back what and who are ours.”
By then they’d reached the room the sergeant wanted to show the inspector. As it turned out, it was the first goldmine of four.
In that room, Horace saw evidence of recent occupation, or perhaps captivity. Two pairs of shoes had paced through and footprinted the old pottery dust caking the floor – one an average size for a grown man, the other considerably larger – and a wad of black fabric that (when held up) seemed to be some sort of clerical garb lay forgotten in the corner.
If nothing else, these small signs refuted any doubts Horace still had about whether Harker, Todd, and Powell could be entangled together.
A constable brought word of a fresh discovery in the room next door while the detective and the sergeant were still inspecting the first for clues (the bodyguards waited in the hall).
This chamber’s secret was more ghastly: a large, rusty stain had marred the floor and painted macabre swirls in the clay dust before drying.
“I think….” Bartholomew began, his eyes roving over the room without dwelling too long on the stain on the floor, “—I think we may have found where Frank O’Malley died.”
Horace chewed his lip but said nothing.
While the next few chambers were uninteresting and unhelpful, they eventually came to one that showed signs of habitation: sleeping cots, a table, several candle stubs, a lantern that had been extinguished recently (it was still warm), a few heels of bread gone only slightly stale.
While this was telling, the room next door shouted silent volumes to the mute whispers of the other three.
This chamber had all the signs of bodies living rough. The dust on the floor was much more scuffed than it had been elsewhere, and there were spatters of red everywhere. Sprinkled on the floor here; near the wall, there; a streak or two where someone may have lain and bled for a time. Taken together, perhaps the rusty streaks didn’t amount to as much as in the second room, but this wasn’t particularly comforting in light of the telltales of prolonged violence.
Sergeant Bartholomew, swearing softly and eloquently to himself under his breath, stooped to pick up a dark blue rag while Horace stood still in the center of the room, his eyes narrowed and roving.
“Lew’s, I reckon,” the sergeant murmured, shaking out what was left of a policeman’s tunic.
The old detective spared a glance for the tattered uniform. Yes, the chevrons were as expected, and the sleeves looked to be long enough for a man Sergeant Todd’s size: Bartholomew was right.
“But where have they gone?” the sergeant asked.
Horace squatted down, not really listening, and touched his fingertips to something in the dust.
“Sir?”
The inspector rubbed his fingers together, his eyes tracking out of the room into the corridor; he stood after a moment and strode out, still staring at the floor.
“Sir?”
“Sergeant,” Horace replied tersely. “You’ll note the droplets on the bricks. They’re not quite dry and they mark a path that way.”
He pointed down the hall in the direction the policeman had not yet searched. “Gather a squad to start tracking it.”
The sergeant quickly gave the order and nearly a dozen bobbies bent to the task in short order.
“We’re being led somewhere,” Sergeant Bartholomew murmured unhappily, his voice pitched so only the old detective could hear.
“Of course. But that doesn’t mean we must see only what they wish.”
This new bout of tracking took them much further down the corridor, around a sharp corner, down a slight incline, and toward a narrower, unlit side hallway. A few paces beyond where the trail vanished in the blackness, the main corridor ended in a wide, heavily bolted metal door.
“Sergeant Bartholomew. You’ll keep three men with you and get this door open,” the inspector declared. “This lock is new, the door well-kept, and the bit of floor I can see under the bottom edge is as well-traveled as this corridor’s. Find out where it leads. It’ll give us some idea about the nature of this place, I’m sure. And if you come across anyone – anyone, whether hostile or seemingly friendly – see he returns with us to the station. We’ll sort it out later.”
The sergeant didn’t look happy about letting the old detective continue tracking without him, but he didn’t argue.
As the rest of them moved into the closer confines of the dark passage, Horace didn’t need to be particularly perceptive to notice his men tensing. However anxious they were, though, the men seemed to be keeping their professional wits about them.
The footing in the side passage was rougher than the main corridor’s had been, and the pace slowed accordingly. Agonizingly.
Patience, old man, Horace chided himself.
They had to pause at each of the periodic intersections to determine where the trail of blood went before continuing, but continue they did.
After a few twists and turns, the detective lost all concept of where they might be in relation to the factory overhead.
Were they even still under the property?
“Sir.”
One of the lead constables had called a halt just out of sight around a slight bend.
Moving forward, the inspector saw the cause.
Well. That was unexpected.
“Gentlemen.”
“Gov,” the man standing nearest replied, his hands raised nonthreateningly. Crowded behind the fellow (who was a slim sort with hair that glinted palely in the lamplight) were several other figures, easily twice the number of policemen present. Though, like their leader, the assembled thugs offered no visible threats, their combined numbers oozed menace. “S’pose you’d be Hinspector Tipple.”
Seeing no reason to prevaricate, Horace nodded.
“Well then, Gov,” the spokesman said, “Hi’ll take you on to negotiations wif Mr. ‘Arker. Just you. Your blokes an’ mine’ll stay ‘ere.”
“Sir!” One of the old man’s bodyguards reacted instantaneously; it made the inspector sigh inwardly.
“Constable,” Horace chided, and then he nodded to the blonde. “I’ll accompany you.”
Before he stepped forward he added (rolling encouragement to his men and a threat to their adversaries together): “And you and your men should know there are several further squads of policemen combing these tunnels. You raise a hand against any of my men in my absence – or after my return – and all hell will come down on you. Police whistles carry a long, long way, even in these dark, twisty passages.”
The leader cocked his head to one side briefly and then shrugged. “Won’t take long.”
Then he turned, a lamp in hand, and strode off down the narrow corridor.
Not sparing his men more than a glance, Horace shouldered his way through the throng of heavies to follow the bobbing light into the darkness.
* * * * *
The few hesitant tendrils of hope that had budded in David Powell’s breast after seeing his friend alive and awake didn’t last.
Not long after Lewis finished his lengthy conversation with Innocent, their captors barged in. The thugs moved more quickly than the priest and his companions, and the three were pulled rather roughly to their feet.
“Do we finally get to stretch our legs? I’ve been itching to have another gander about this place.”
Of course, none of their kidnappers deigned reply, but the policeman gave David a faint half-smile.
The ferret-faced chap gripped Innocent by the arm and led him out with hardly a word. As soon as they were out the door and off down the corridor, the remaining heavies began tying up the priest and his friend.
“A wee bit tighter…. Ah! Yes, now I can’t feel my hands.”
Lew snorted. He might’ve said something, but one of the thugs shoved a gag in the policeman’s mouth just then.
“From all these ropes they’re using, Lew, I’d almost believe they think us dangerous.”
The sergeant snorted again, his eyes crinkling in humor.
One of the men tying the priest started to gag him as well, but accidentally dropped the kerchief.
In that brief interim, David shelved his silly attempts at levity and said softly, seriously, “Release us. Please. For the good of you future, your souls – please: let us go.”
An odd sort of magnanimity swelled in the priest’s breast then: he’d been able to sway them to his will last evening (for the good of his friend, of course); might his words now be similarly fruitful? Could he encourage them to a better path?
Please, God….
Since none of the thugs were speaking among each other, the clergyman’s plea carried easily through the room. Most ignored him. The blonde glanced at him with a frown. The thug who had taken such offense at him last night and beat him accordingly (the one called Venn) – he took offense again.
“Shut hit, you.”
Venn had been helping secure the policeman; now he reached over and seized David’s shirtfront in one large paw, hauling the shorter man off balance.
“Your soul, man!” the priest said urgently. “For the good of—”
The prick of something hard and sharp under his chin forced the priest’s mouth shut with a snap. (Apparently the knives were out now.) Lewis uttered something in indignation, but gagged, it was wordless and ineffectual. Even so, his effort earned him a knife to the throat as well.
Venn leaned close, his nose almost touching David’s, as he snarled, “Bloody harrogant! You dare judge me?!”
Spittle flecked onto the clergyman’s cheek; with the knife digging in so stingingly, David could say nothing in reply. He felt a thin, hot trickle snake down the skin of his throat.
“Why can’ hit be ‘im?”
Venn’s question was directed at the blonde, and though the angry bruiser’s attention was temporarily diverted, the hold and the knife stayed put.
“‘E’s not has much trouble,” the crew leader replied impassively, touching the scabbed gash on his cheek for emphasis. “Gagged leastwise.”
With a growl, Venn released his hold on the priest and shoved him back toward the pair that’d been tying him.
While the thugs gagged him, David tried to catch his friend’s eye, but one of the others had yanked a dark hood over the policeman’s head.
Lewis submitted passively to their captors’ attentions – whether this was because he hadn’t the strength to protest as before, or thought it futile against the odds, or wanted to lull their foes to complacency before acting (no doubt a well-considered plan whichever) – and now stood still, blind, and mostly incapacitated a few steps from David.
What happened next occurred almost too quickly for the priest to comprehend.
The blonde wordlessly nodded to a seething Venn. As the enraged heavy scowled, the crew leader waved a hand toward the sergeant.
Venn whirled, let out a roar, and then attacked.
His knife flashed dully as he stabbed Lewis twice, once in each leg. On the second, he gave the blade a twist as he yanked it free.
It happened so quickly.
Then both David and his friend cried out at the same time – the policeman uttering a choked moan of agony to the priest’s shout of dismay.
Lewis would’ve crumpled to the floor if a pair of their captors had not been holding him already, as this was apparently part of some plan. As it was, he more or less stayed upright. Blood crept down Lew’s trousers from the wounds on the outside of each of his thighs, staining dark fabric darker. Under the hood, his breath sawed in and out in half-whimpering gasps.
“Once would ‘ave been henough.” The blonde noted drily. “Now you’ll ‘ave to carry ‘im.”
Wiping his reddened blade on a bit of Lew’s shirt, Venn shrugged. “Worth hit.”
A hood over his head threw David’s world into sudden blackness; his thoughts didn’t focus to any clarity again until he realized they’d been hauled some distance away from their prison into the tunnels.
God! What had he done?
His words – his own words – had caused his friend agony. His thoughtlessness had driven that other fellow to such wrath…Lew’s newest hurts were on David’s head.
What have I done? What have I done? WhathaveIdone…
Unbidden, the memory of the accident from two years ago overwhelmed his semi-cogent thoughts.
* * * * *
“Your father will come ‘round.” Mother said.
David frowned at her, but the expression slid to a smile when he noticed Annie looking down at him through the window. He waved; his niece babbled something he couldn’t hear and then the little girl’s mother joined her at the window.
Catherine – a grown-up Cat – smiled down at him as well, and then said something over her shoulder. Probably an answer to something her husband, Angus, had mentioned. Little Annie pressed her face to the glass to watch a porter trundle by with a hand cart.
The moment came and went in an instant.
“He’s had ten years, mum.”
“And it may take another ten, but he’ll come ‘round.” She embraced him and kissed him on the cheek. “I’ll talk to him again. One day he will be glad you chose to wear that collar. Have hope.”
He made a face at her; she laughed.
The last whistle blew.
“I’m glad you convinced us to stay until this morning. I only wish we could visit longer,” his mother said as he helped her up into the train.
“Well, the next time Angus has business in London…”
“Yes, yes.” She looked down at him from the top step. “Give my regards to that friend of yours – to Lewis. And you behave.”
“Mother,” he ran a finger under his collar wryly and raised an eyebrow.
She smiled. “As I said: behave.”
He laughed.
David turned to go once the train started to pull away, and then it happened. At first he thought that it was some sort of explosion, the noise was so shriekingly percussive.
But it was worse than that.
As if of one mind, everyone on the platform began running toward the twisted mess through the steam and the smoke.
There was screaming. David thought he might have been screaming as well. The car that he’d seen his family climb into was the one crumpled around the engine that had jumped the tracks.
Mother. Cat. Annie. Angus.
He knew where they’d been sitting, but the crash had mangled the car and turned it on its side.
He couldn’t see them, and the air was hot around the wreck. It was very hard to breathe, but he waded into the twisted metal to reach them. There were so few rescuers.
Though he bloodied his hands and arms on the wreckage, David wasn’t quick or strong enough.
Of the four he’d put on the train, only little Annie got free of the crushed tangle.
Afterward, David had asked the doctor to explain what had happened. Why it had happened. The doctor’s blunt reply still resonated starkly, verbatim.
“I’m afraid there was nothing to be done for your mother or your brother-in-law, even if rescuers had broken through more quickly,” he’d said, his tone soft in a gruff attempt at condolence. “Your mother’s heart gave out; Mr. McNamara was standing when the crash occurred and his injuries were much too severe. They both would have perished almost instantly.
“Your sister, however: like your niece, she sustained no injuries in the crash. It was the smoke. Had she been pulled free more quickly…but no: the smoke was too much for her.”
* * * * *
“Good! You’re here. I believe the next visitors are nearly here as well – reasonably on schedule.”
The speaker was one David hadn’t heard before, and the man’s words broke through the horror replaying in the priest’s head.
Oh. They’d stopped moving.
“W-w-why d’ you ‘urt ‘im?”
Innocent’s indignation – in all its clarity and purity – drove back the choking blackness strangling David’s thoughts.
(The boy’s very presence was as comforting and as soothing to the priest’s troubled soul as an afternoon spent in his garden puffing on his pipe.)
David sensed the young man hurrying past him, presumably to Lew’s side. He moved unhindered by the heavies surrounding them.
The newcomer’s voice murmured commands to someone; the blonde replied; then several of the men departed back the way they’d come.
David heard footsteps come toward him, and then the new fellow spoke quite nearby, as though he were standing next to Innocent and Lewis.
“You speak out of turn.”
“‘E’s m-m-m-my frien’!”
There was a pause, a swishing sound, and then a single muted thump.
Lewis screamed, the sound broken.
“Do. As. You’re. Told.”
The words carried a casual yet emphatic menace that stilled and silenced everything and everyone in the room (except Lewis, whose panting had returned to a sawing rasp).
“…Y-y-y-yes s-s-sir.”
Innocent’s reply was scarcely more than a murmur; his uncle’s enjoinder (the new fellow had to be the uncle) had him cowed. The boy’s trembling was audible.
Blind and bound and frighteningly alone in the darkness, the last tendrils of hope in David’s heart vanished.
* * * * *
Horace Tipple had no expectations about what he’d find when he and his guide reached their destination.
They’d walked no more than a few minutes when the inspector noticed the tunnel brightening ahead of them, and then they turned a corner and stepped into a large, circular room.
“Stay ‘ere,” the blonde fellow said.
Horace did, and then another of the gang made a show of searching the old policeman, patting him down for weapons and the like. While he submitted to this minor indignity, the detective flicked his eyes about the place.
The room was taller than it was broad, but not so disproportionate that it felt like standing in a well. The center of the room was sunken: a pit about 10 feet deep and perhaps 15 across, with steep, smooth sides, a rusty handrail circling the drop, and no visible ladder or other means of entry. The wide ledge Horace stood on wrapped all the way around the pit – though its width varied a touch here and there; a balcony of similar proportions topped the ledge and overlooked the pit as well. Lamps fixed to the pillars supporting the balcony lit the pit brightly, but the ledge and its occupants were half shadowed.
If he weren’t mistaken, the inspector thought he might’ve just stepped onto the spectators’ berth in a prizefighting arena. And prizefighting was quite illegal. Very much so.
Putting this thought aside, Horace skimmed his companions. Whoever the magician was had quite the number of hired muscle at his disposal. Adding the eight or so on the ledge with him to the number of men left in the tunnel, and there were easily two-dozen bodies to concern the police.
Besides the fair-haired fellow and his underlings (or so Horace gathered from the deference they showed the former), were three men with heads shrouded by hoods; two of the men – one tall, one short – were bound as well. The tall and short one (these had to be Lewis Todd and David Powell) stood several paces to Horace’s left, heavies on either side of each of them. The third hooded fellow had been led in from a tunnel to Horace’s right and stopped a few paces away from and directly in front of the detective. This fellow was otherwise unbound and had a single thug as a guard; he appeared to shake in trepidation.
And to Horace’s left, almost but not quite hidden in the shadows behind Todd and Powell and their guards, was the long-sought Nicholas Harker.
When the man patting the inspector down finished and was waved back by the blonde, the arena fell silent.
Horace felt certain the magician had to be close if he weren’t in the room already, and he was willing to let his quarry make the first move in their wretched game.
The blond fellow bobbed his head to acknowledge some signal the old detective missed. Pulling a thin sheaf of folded parchment from a pocket, the blonde yanked the hood off the man in front of Horace and thrust the parchment at the fellow.
Now the detective was mildly surprised, for the third captive was none other than Conway Duke.
Duke blinked blearily in the relative brightness, and then jerked his head around in a low panic, taking in the surroundings.
“Where—?” He began faintly, but stopped when the blonde slapped the parchment on his chest again. Duke hesitantly took the paper and unfolded it at the other’s command to read it aloud.
Horace said nothing.
“Ahem.” Conway Duke cleared his throat. His gaze flicked up and he seemed to notice Horace for the first time; Duke’s eyes grew wide.
“You’re here!” he breathed. “Are you with—?”
Duke’s question ended when the blonde gave him a glancing cuff to the head.
“Read.” The leader commanded sternly.
Horace said nothing as the other studied the parchment for a moment and then complied.
“‘On account of my speech impediment,’” Duke began, “‘I have had my demands written so that you may understand me plainly. My uncle will speak my words to you now, since he was an effective messenger before.’”
At this, Duke looked toward the shadows and his nephew and swallowed sharply.
Horace said nothing.
“‘Detective Inspector,’” Duke continued, “‘you have harassed my family for many years. I was hardly more than a babe when you first arrested my grandfather. Your continued, unjust persecution sent my great-grandfather to an early grave, and our family enterprise has suffered several times from your misguided attentions. My grandfather, my uncles, and my cousins are not the criminals you paint them to be.
“‘I, however, am.’”
Movement to Horace’s left caught his attention just then; he looked and saw that both Todd and Powell had jerked their hooded heads up, as if the words had somehow caused astonishment. Nicholas Harker, for his part, was silent and unmoving in the shadows.
Horace continued to say nothing, though he thought the existence of the prizefighting pit under Harker premises counter to the young Harker’s claim of his family’s innocence.
Well, the old detective conceded inwardly and reluctantly, it was possible they knew nothing of it.
“‘I am a murderer among other things, and justly deserve censure for my crimes,’” Duke went on. “‘But I enjoin you to leave my family alone from this day forward. These men here with me are loyal to my cause of justice, but my crimes are my own. You will do as I ask and then let them go free.’”
“Or—?” Horace spoke in the pause that followed.
“‘Or the two you sought and my uncle—’” Duke broke off with a grimace at the script in his hands, “‘—or my uncle, who is not a Harker, will die. Do as I wish, and you may leave with them when we are finished here. Unmolested, unhindered.’”
Horace pursed his lips. “I want to be certain those two are mine.”
At a gesture from the blonde, off came the hoods and the inspector was pleased to see both Lewis Todd and David Powell standing there.
…Even if both men looked horribly wretched. Had they really been captives only a few days? Lewis could barely stand and was bleeding from wounds in both legs (the heavies on either side were keeping him upright). The little papist, who wasn’t quite so battered, kept shooting half-terrified glances at his friend as though he were anticipating horrors Horace hadn’t yet discovered.
Their appearance wrung a displeased grunt from the inspector; he managed to keep his anger otherwise in check, however.
“What do you want?” he asked softly.
Duke looked down at his parchment, skimming the words, and then flipped to the next page.
“Oh.” The uncle was shocked. “He says…he wants – by your hand only, no other’s….”
“Read hit.” The fair-haired fellow interrupted.
“Of course…. It says, ‘I, Nicholas Harker, want you, Detective Inspector Horace Tipple, to kill me.’”
Horace grunted. He didn’t know what to think about that.
As he digested this demand, the inspector noticed it had incited Lewis’s friend to shout something incomprehensible into his gag and tug against his restraints and guards. The gestures were ineffectual, though, and one hulking thug cuffed the little priest roundly about the ears until the fellow’s brief struggles subsided.
Horace saw something glisten on the little papist’s face and thought it might be tears.
“This isn’t the trade I was told of at the police station.”
Duke skimmed a little more, then read, “‘Having killed me, you will trade your freedom for theirs. You may go to prison a murderer, and perhaps even take my place in the noose. My family’s lawyers are very proficient, and this outcome would be ideal. At the very least, however, my death will end your career, which would be minimally sufficient.’”
Instead of responding to this, the inspector turned to Nicholas Harker and asked, “Why did you kill Frank O’Malley?”
The question caused another, nearly instantaneous uproar.
Harker shouted something Horace didn’t understand, though he thought it an expression of fury (perhaps O’Malley had angered him grievously?), and both Todd and Powell looked at each other in what could only be dismay before they both wrenched at their captors’ holds.
Awful though he looked, Lewis almost managed to wrest himself free, but then the blonde strode over.
If he were obeying someone’s signal, Horace hadn’t noticed. The fair-haired fellow struck the tall policeman with a closed fist to the ribs, and though the jab didn’t seem too hard, Lewis dropped like a stone. His guards let him tumble to the floor.
The little papist stilled at once, and both he and the inspector stared at the police sergeant. Horace could hear Lewis struggling to breathe from 10 paces away.
“Why did you do that?” the old man found himself saying.
“No questions.” The blonde replied tersely as he stood over Lewis’s trembling form. “Either do what ‘e said, or we kill ‘em. You ‘ave two minutes t’ choose.”
* * * * *
David’s head ached from Venn’s blows, but his thoughts had been scattered well before the heavy had struck him.
Another tear slipped free and worked its way down his cheek.
He was of no use to his friend, of no use to Innocent, of no use even to himself.
And Inspector Tipple! The gray haired detective had schooled his expression well when the blonde had demanded that he choose – choose between one murder and another – but David had seen his face in that moment. For a single second, a bleakness akin to sorrow had stricken the old man’s weary eyes, but then it was gone.
“A moment, if I may.”
Tipple’s request was quiet and simple; no one said anything as he bowed his head slightly, eyes nearly closed and his hands folded meditatively behind his back.
His was a terrible choice – and he hadn’t a clue of Conway Duke’s neat trap. The uncle’s acting was sublime, and no one could or would counter the script Innocent had supposedly composed.
The priest swallowed. He tried not to look at where his friend lay bleeding, perhaps dying, on the floor, and couldn’t look back over his shoulder at Innocent.
O God!
David swallowed again, choking back a sob. The gag felt looser in his parched mouth this time; perhaps the rough use at Venn’s hands had made it slip a little. He worked at it with his tongue.
The inspector still stood with his head bowed as the kerchief slipped from the priest’s lips. Since all the thugs who might have raised an alarm were watching Tipple, no one said anything.
However, David’s throat was as dry as his mouth, so he also said nothing. Or at least not right away, waiting until he was sure his voice was ready.
He could remain silent. He could let the inspector make the terrible choice. The old man would, of course, elect to save as many lives as possible – the innocent over the professedly guilty – even if the choice meant his own ruin.
And Innocent, if he were true to form, would willingly step between those he called friends and their attackers. The young man would let Tipple kill him.
Or David could speak and try to spare Tipple and Innocent that awful fate. The consequences might be…. Well, the priest figured in a moment of bell-like clarity, Venn would likely hold nothing back in retribution, what with his remarkably ferocious and focused antagonism.
A choice – to speak or remain silent. Such a simple thing.
It was as Lewis had said.
David inhaled slowly; exhaled.
Have mercy.
* * * * *
Horace waited as long as he could, only speaking when he noted some of the heavies growing restive.
“I’ll need a knife.”
As soon as Horace said this, Nicholas Harker started forward. As the young man rounded the group of prisoners and their keepers, a blade thrown by the blonde clattered to the ground at the inspector’s feet.
Horace stooped slowly and picked it up, the weapon drawing his attention like a magnet.
The blade felt strange and almost awkward in his hand: heavier than his penknife, of a different shape from the knife he used at table, and nothing like the cavalry sabre he’d wielded years ago. This was a tool for quiet killing: not pretty, but deathly functional.
He dimly wondered if this was the same blade used to murder Frank O’Malley, for the appalling symmetry was twisted enough to fit the scene.
Nicholas Harker stopped a little more than an arm’s length away, and Horace forced himself to meet the young man’s gaze.
The inspector couldn’t remember ever really looking at Harker before – really looking at him; cases rarely required it. Certainly Horace knew the young man by sight, but in this short stretch of time before Horace was to kill him, every detail of the young man’s face burned itself into his brain.
Nicholas Harker looked so young. He was no more than 19 as it was. Silent and expressionless, he looked even younger.
Whether culpable for everything the script proclaimed or just a poor fool as entangled as were Lewis Todd, David Powell, and Conway Duke, the young Harker seemed strikingly innocent – even vulnerable – in that moment.
Yet he also seemed resolved to die at the inspector’s hand.
Delay. He must delay.
“Please,” Duke said quietly. “Help us! I—We want to go home.”
Horace half-turned toward the unfortunate spokesman, but after staring into Harker’s eyes, he couldn’t meet Duke’s. It was far easier to look at the man’s feet than his face.
A moment, though.
He chewed his lip.
“If I may ask a question,” the detective said, “how did you come back here, Mr. Duke? My men assured me they saw you safely home.”
When no one objected, Duke replied, “They nabbed me only a minute or two after the bobbies left.”
Horace finally looked up.
“You were injured?”
 The other man shook his head. “They grabbed me from behind and used a rag with some sort of vaporous substance to knock me out. I came to when they were leading me down the tunnel here.”
The detective pursed his lips and pointed.
“Whose blood is that?”
Duke looked down. A dark, reddish smudge shown faintly under the shifting lamplight on the toe of the man’s right shoe. The uncle said nothing, only shook his head slightly.
Horace opened his mouth to ask something further, but the little papist began shouting then.
“Nicholas Harker is innocent!” David Powell’s words were hardly more than a rough, hasty shriek, but they carried easily through the chamber. “It’s a trap! This was all set up—!”
Then Horace saw a flash of metal in the hand of the burly, angry thug who’d thrashed the little fellow earlier. Powell’s shout ended abruptly.
The bruiser had stuck a knife in the priest’s back.
At that same moment, Lewis Todd, still supine on the floor, swung his legs around and knocked the blonde to the ground with a sweeping kick.
* * * * *
The pain was sudden and almost inconceivably fierce.
It was as if there were nothing left of his body except that one tremendous, burning sting just to the left of his spine about midway down. It robbed him of his breath and his ability to move, or speak, and almost even to think.
Sights and sounds became oddly disjointed, but they began to fade. The dim light in the circular room dimmed further – slowly at first, and then more rapidly – until all David saw was his friend attacking their captors. 
Good. Lew only…pretended….
With a colossal effort, he cast his eyes toward the old detective, but couldn’t tell if Tipple had heeded his warning.
The room went black.
I hope….
The pain lasted longer, but even that disappeared and he knew nothing more.
* * * * *
Men began yelling.
Horace thought he heard a police whistle somewhere behind him in the tunnels; but that was as useful as wishful thinking for all the good it did them in the moment.
Lewis laid the fair-haired fellow low with a blindingly fast trio of kicks: one to the legs to knock him down, another to the chin, which snapped the man’s head back, and a third to the head for good measure. Caught completely unaware, the blonde went down and stayed down.
The other heavies scattered as the police sergeant rolled to his feet. His hands were free – how was that possible?
Ah yes, a knife, Horace noted. Apparently, the fellow had snagged one from his captors and then played dead (or almost dead) in order to cut through his bonds.
Another of the thugs fell in the space between one heartbeat and the next; a weasel-faced fellow fled around the pit and into a tunnel on the far side; three others – each burly and capable – formed a wheeling triangle around the policeman, their knives out and ready.
Another heartbeat.
Lewis, whose lips were clenched in a thin line, hesitated but a moment. Then he attacked his attackers.
The thug who’d stabbed David Powell fell first, hamstrung in both legs and unconscious.
Two more heartbeats.
The second large bruiser staggered back and then sat down heavily; he had no visible wounds, but seemed thoroughly addled.
Four heartbeats together.
The last one danced around the wary police sergeant, and managed to swipe a line of red down Lewis’s right forearm with his blade…before the tall policeman simply punched him in the chin. This fellow’s head snapped up and he fell backward, as straight as a board and out cold before he hit the ground.
In less than two-dozen heartbeats, Lewis Todd had nearly leveled the room.
(Somewhere in the tunnels behind the old detective, another police whistle shrilled faintly and Horace thought he might hear sounds of fighting. The whistle was far off, but closer than before. But not yet close enough.)
The police sergeant dropped to his knees beside the little clergyman’s still and crumpled form, and let out a brief, quiet, keening moan.
“Lewis,” Horace said, finding his voice. The detective hadn’t moved at all during the melee, his attention divided between Nicholas Harker and the remaining thug guarding Conway Duke.
“He lives,” the sergeant murmured, and then more sharply, “Innocent! Come here.”
The old man’s confusion only increased when Nicholas Harker took a hesitant step toward the policeman and priest, and then moved more quickly when Lewis made an insistent, beckoning gesture.
“Help him,” the tall policeman commanded when the young man reached them and knelt down.
Harker cast a frightened look back toward Horace and the others, but nodded. Lewis Todd pushed to his feet and stalked toward the old detective, Duke, and the single remaining heavy.
If Horace had ever seen an angrier, more determined expression on a man’s face, he couldn’t remember when. Whether by force of will or some power the detective had never encountered before, Lewis not only ignored the bloody wounds in his legs and one in his side (when had that happened?), but also managed to move with all the lethal grace and speed of a tiger at hunt.
The final thug took one look at those cold gray eyes and began swearing profusely.
“Throw down your weapon,” Horace said, wondering where on earth the magician was in all of the chaos. Had he miscalculated so badly?
The thug paused briefly in his swearing, exhaled in a huff, swore once more, and then lunged toward Conway Duke. In a trice, he had flung an arm over one of the uncle’s shoulders and under the opposite arm, pinning the unfortunate man to him, and pressed the blade of his knife across Duke’s throat. When Duke scrabbled at the imprisoning arm, a trickle of red bloomed under his chin; he ceased struggling at once.
“Warnin’ you,” the heavy grated to them. “Safe passage, or ‘e gets hit.”
The uncle let out a terrified whimper.
Sergeant Todd paused a few paces away, snarled, and then started forward again.
“Lewis!” Horace put out a hand to stop the man.
Where was that bloody magician? To a similar point, where were Sergeant Bartholomew and the others?
“It’s a bluff,” the tall policeman growled, even though he stopped in his tracks.
“How can you be sure?” the detective asked as the thug dragged his prisoner backward toward the tunnel from which the pair had come originally.
“The blood—” a wracking cough interrupted him, “—the blood on his shoe is mine. Kicked me.”
Lewis took a step toward the retreating pair but faltered as another cough nearly bent him double.
Horace grasped the sergeant under the arm to steady him, “Lewis?”
The sergeant straightened, clenched his jaw determinedly, and tried again to take another step, but his legs buckled.
“Easy, son. I’ve got you,” Horace murmured, getting his arms around the tall policeman before the fellow collapsed completely. The detective went to one knee helping the younger man sit down, keeping an eye on the thug and his prisoner all the while.
“Sir,” Lewis mumbled, his head starting to loll. He coughed again. “Don’t let them ‘scape. Duke’s not a victim…mastermind.”
Horace grunted.
“He’s been giving ‘em hand signals. Don’t let…” Lewis murmured again, and then he fainted.
The old man gently laid the younger policeman down and then lurched to his feet. Jogging as quickly as he might after the pair that had just disappeared in the tunnel’s darkness, Horace cursed his own shortsightedness.
Of course he trusted Sergeant Todd’s judgment; though he didn’t quite see how it all fit together yet or how Duke might be his magician, Horace was willing to take Lewis’s pronouncement on faith.
…only there was no sign of either Duke or his captor ahead of him in the tunnel.
Horace slowed, stopped, and swore.
Too slow, old man, he berated himself, but then he heard something that nearly made him smile.
“Hi! You there: stop! Why, Mr. Duke—! No, no! We’ll sort all that out at the station.”
Sergeant Bartholomew’s voice wafted to him from somewhere up ahead, faint and oddly distorted by the confines of the passage, but clear nonetheless.
Finally! The reinforcements he’d sent the long way around had found their way in. Apparently the metal door on the main corridor was the entrance to the arena.
Less than a minute later, the face of a constable he sort of recognized peered back at him around a bend, the lad’s face haloed by lamplight.
“Sir!” The constable then shouted back over his shoulder, presumably to Sergeant Bartholomew: “It’s the inspector!”
“Come with me, quickly.”
Letting the constable run to catch up, Horace spun on his heel and retraced his steps to the arena.
Sergeant Todd was as he’d left him: unconscious, bleeding, and breathing roughly. The old man paused for a moment to make sure the constable who’d followed was taking care of the dear boy, and then stood and stopped.
Slowly he pivoted on his heel, noting that not one of the heavies Lewis had knocked down was stirring yet.
Hopefully they would stay that way until more reinforcements arrived. What could he do, anyway? Hit them again?
In a moment he was kneeling next to Nicholas Harker by Lewis’s best mate. Powell lay twisted on his stomach, and Harker had stripped off his own shirt to press to the bloody wound in the little man’s back.
Horace fumbled for a moment before he found a pulse, but there it was: weak, perhaps, but steady.
Harker said something, a question inflecting his tone.
Horace shook his head. “I don’t understand.”
“He…asked if you would…untie my hands.”
Powell’s eyes fluttered open and then his face screwed up in pain.
“Oh! Hush, lad,” Horace commanded gently, and then bent to do as Harker had asked.
“I’m glad…God, that hurts—!” the papist groaned. “—I’m glad…you didn’t…didn’t kill him. He’s in—…innocent.”
“I’m glad as well. Your warning was well-timed. Now please stop speaking.”
The detective kept a quiet vigil over the little priest until the band of bobbies he’d parted from at the blonde’s request trooped into the arena. The pushed quite a number of the gang before them; aside from the weasel-faced chap who’d fled, Horace thought they might’ve captured all of the two dozen or so he’d counted.
From the other tunnel, Sergeant Bartholomew and his squad (his crew’s numbers had swelled) brought with them the final heavy and Conway Duke.
Horace beckoned to Bartholomew as soon as he caught the sergeant’s eye.
“Sir, glad to see you,” the sergeant began, but Horace cut him off.
“Watch Mr. Duke very carefully.”
“Sir?” A puzzled Bartholomew glanced back to where a protesting Conway Duke was being handcuffed the same as all the assembled heavies. Turning to the inspector, comprehension suddenly dawned on the bobby’s face. “Is he—?”
“Yes. Particularly note if he makes or seems to make any sort of hand signal to anyone.”
“Of course, sir.”
Conway Duke was given his own personal detail of constables.
The last group of policemen to enter the chamber had the fine goods factory owner in tow.
“What is the meaning of this?!”
Archibald Harker had been none too happy when a few policemen had shown up on his doorstep to ‘invite’ him to accompany them during a raid on his factory. By the time he’d been led down to the fighting arena, the man was nearly apoplectic.
“The indignity of traipsing around in the darkness—! Harassment by the police!” he was ranting when he caught sight of his nephew and stopped.
“Nicholas?” Archibald spluttered. “This is where you’ve been?”
The boy shrugged and nodded.
Horace stood and, grasping the young man by the elbow, drew Nicholas to his feet as a pair of constables took over tending the little papist (who’d mercifully lost consciousness again).
“We found him down here,” the detective confirmed. “As well as the fellow behind it all.”
He nodded toward Conway Duke, who was still playing innocent. Horace watched the senior Harker’s reaction.
Archibald frowned. “You’ve given up the nonsense about my nephew being some criminal mastermind, then?”
Horace said nothing.
“Nicholas has not been cuffed like the others,” the senior Harker noticed. “You know he’s not a murderer.”
“Seems unlikely,” the inspector conceded, watching with concern as David Powell and Lewis Todd were loaded onto stretches for transport out.
“Lord! It’s about bloody time!” Archibald seemed both exasperated and relieved. “You’re alright, son?”
Nicholas nodded, pulling the suit jacket his uncle had doffed and given him about his bare shoulders.
“He’ll come with me, then.” Archibald stated.
Horace shook his head. “It’s not as simple as that.”
“Why? Clearly we’re victims in this mess.”
The inspector stared at Archibald for a moment, then glanced pointedly around the arena, and then back at the senior Harker.
“I think not.”
Epilogue
Early May 1887
“—An’ you must be Mrs. Tipple.”
Mathilda grasped the hand offered to her politely, sizing up the woman before her. She’d heard of Penelope Marvelle before, of course, but this was the first time they’d met.
The young woman was tall and quite pretty, had a brilliant crown of flaming ginger hair, and her smile and merry laugh were catching. Indeed, Ms. Marvelle’s expression was one of genuine delight as she greeted the Tipples.
“Charmed.” Mathilda felt her polite smile broaden and warm to match the younger woman’s vibrant sincerity.
“Grand, dearie! Though I fear I must be off, now. I’ll leave you to m’ boys.”
Ms. Marvelle turned, leaned over, and gave David Powell a kiss on both cheeks. He mirrored the gesture with a smile and nodded in good humor to her enjoinder to behave.
Then the young woman turned to Lewis Todd, whose bed at London Hospital was right next to the little clergyman’s. Mathilda noticed Ms. Marvelle’s laughing blue eyes soften for an instant as she stood over the policeman, but then they sparkled with a sudden twinkle of mischief.
Sergeant Todd quirked an eyebrow at the young woman as she leaned close. She whispered something in his ear and then straightened, an expectant look on her face. A pause, then both of the sergeant’s ears shot a bright red.
Both she and Powell laughed; Lewis harrumphed as his cheeks flushed a bit as well, but his eyes crinkled in a smile.
“Well, au revoir!” Ms. Marvelle gave one of Sergeant Todd’s hands a squeeze, straightened her hat, and then walked briskly from the ward, nodding to the Tipples in passing.
Mathilda smiled inwardly as she noticed how Lewis watched the young woman as she went. It was about time someone caught his fancy!
Her husband had been hanging back throughout this exchange, but now he drew up chairs for both of them and they sat down to converse.
This was their second visit, though Rory had stopped by a time or two on his own. The first time, David Powell had still been unconscious, and Lewis Todd had been little better; now, nearly a week after their rescue, both young men were sitting up in bed and looking markedly better.
“They let you smoke in here?”
“This?” Powell held up briar pipe he’d been turning over in hand and smiled. “Alas, no! They’re quite adamant about it, so I had to sneak out yesterday. Heavenly!”
The clergyman nodded to the partly open drawer in the table between the beds. As Mathilda looked inside, he went on.
“My housekeeper learned I’d lost mine and mentioned it to a friend or two. Still trying to figure which one I like best.”
The drawer had more than a dozen smoking pipes of all shapes and sizes, as well as a half-dozen pouches of pipe tobacco.
“Only ‘a friend or two?’”
Powell chuckled.
“Well, perhaps a few more. Sometimes a body loses something, but, by God’s grace, it comes back to him—” he leaned over the drawer and made a quick count, “—fourteen-fold!”
He paused, a faraway look in his eyes, which seemed to Mathilda to have nothing to do with the contents of the drawer. With a small smile and a shake of his head though, Powell straightened.
The movement caused him to inhale sharply, though, and his expression became pained for a brief moment.
“Are you alright?”
“Well enough.” He rolled his shoulders, grimacing ruefully. “I keep forgetting why I’m in hospital.”
“You forget that you were stabbed?” she asked drily.
“Surprisingly, yes! I can attribute that to the wonders of modern medicine, I think. In fact, the doctor spoke of perhaps letting me leave tomorrow or the next day.”
“That’s marvelous! Forgive my boldness, please, but…that seems very soon. You nearly died.”
“I’m grateful for your concern,” Powell returned, his smile softer. “I think I should be fine, especially under the care of my very doting, very motherly housekeeper. Also, though I’m not an expert about these things, it seems the knife missed nearly everything important on its way in and out – even my heart, if only by a hair. So really a few stitches are all that ail me.”
“Providential.”
Powell beamed.
“And Lewis?” she asked.
The little clergyman chuckled. “Ah. Well, that nutter stole a pair of crutches a day or so ago, and after tearing open his wounds not once, but twice, the nurses took the crutches away and threatened to tie him down. I hazard he may be here a few days longer than I, what with broken ribs and three times as many stitches and all.”
Mathilda glanced over fondly to where her husband and the dark-haired young fellow were lost in some case file or another that Rory had brought. Horace was explaining something to Lewis as the latter held the paperwork at arm’s length and squinted (he’d not yet been fitted for a new pair of reading spectacles). It sounded very business-like.
“Excuse me, Mrs. Tipple,” the clergyman said apologetically then, and then more loudly to the other two: “If I may, what was that about Nicholas Harker?”
Mathilda hadn’t been listening to the other conversation, but apparently mention of that name had caught Powell’s attention.
“Oh, seems there’s good news on his account,” Lewis replied. “A retrial seems likely.”
Horace nodded, continuing when the younger policeman left off.
“The whole matter is a mess, of course. Evidence for the murder trial is being scrutinized again, and in light of the testimony you’ve promised to help Mr. Harker craft—” he nodded to Powell, “—it seems we’ll get the right man this time.”
“And that’s made it so tricky?”
Rory pursed his lips and shook his head humorlessly. “No, lawyers are to blame for that. Citing gross negligence, they want the whole matter – including everything we discovered in the tunnels while pursuing the real murderer – dismissed from court.”
From what her husband had explained to her, Mathilda knew the murder trial previously directed at Nicholas Harker had been refocused around Conway Duke and his underlings. The Harker empire had escaped that mess.
However, they’d not escaped entirely. The illegal prizefighting pit had been but a single part of the police’s discoveries last Sunday. One of Horace’s men (she thought it might be the pleasant one, Simon Bartholomew) had traced the broadest of the tunnels underneath the fine goods factory to a nearby gentlemen’s club also owned by the Harkers.
The police raid had extended into this establishment as well. There the police found ledgers, documents, and even photographs recording all manner of illegal activities, from prizefighting and the gambling associated with it, to prostitution and money laundering.
(Mathilda personally thought it rather careless of them to have kept such records all in one place, but she wasn’t too versed in the workings of criminal overlords.)
The evidence against the family was solid, but what tickled her Rory even more was the scandal.
So many prominent men – even a few female socialites – appeared in the Harkers’ ledgers as frequent participants in illicit or illegal activities. No doubt an enterprising soul had collected the documentation as leverage, perhaps even to fuel designs for blackmail. None of these names had yet found their way to the newspapers, but ripples had begun behind the scenes. If Horace had wanted, he could have pursued investigations on barristers, members of Parliament, society matrons, a baron or two, and even a chap from the Prime Minister’s office. He had elected, however (and with his superior’s blessing), to let much of the matter sort itself out.
Indeed, on Monday (only a day after the raid), a judge had approached Horace’s superintendent about dropping the Harker matter altogether. The super had listened and then politely pointed out that the judge should recuse himself from the case for having a vested interest in the outcome. Wasn’t that his face in this photograph? And this one? Oh. How interesting.
After a bit of bluster and threatening, this pillar of justice withdrew his claim…and his support of the Harkers, both publicly and privately.
Apparently word of this had spread, and no one else attempted to derail the proceedings.
So the police would take the Harkers to court over prizefighting, for operating a house of ill-repute, and for other such doings; in the meantime, their clientele would take them apart for being so careless with their clandestine pastimes. The Harker empire would likely be but a shadow of itself within a year.
“—He’s a simple fellow,” Lewis was saying as Mathilda returned her attention to the conversation. “What’s to be done with him after this? I think he’d be easily taken advantage of again.”
Powell nodded in agreement.
Her Horace had an answer for this, of course.
“When the legal matters are settled and his name is cleared, which it should be, I think a place has been found for him in the country. The arrangements were made by one or two in the Harker clan who – and I thought I’d never say this – who seem a respectable sort. They’ve volunteered to help the lad. It seems he’ll be in good hands.”
“I’m glad,” both Lewis and his friend said at the same time, looked at each other, and then grinned in unison.
“Lord, you’re like twins!” Mathilda said.
Powell laughed.
“Have you drawn a motive out of Duke yet?” Lewis asked more seriously.
“Yes.” Powell seconded. “Why did this all happen?”
Horace frowned. From what he’d told her, Mathilda knew this was a matter that still bothered her husband greatly.
“I wish Conway Duke were more boastful. However, the man just sits there in prison. He occasionally protests his innocence, but remains silent otherwise.”
“We have nothing, then.” Lewis sounded almost bitter.
“No, not nothing.” Rory chewed his lip. “Everything we’ve gathered about the man’s motives has come from his underlings, and it’s quite substantial. Enough for a sturdy case, though it would be stronger if the man would confess. Our current sketch of his operation is that he’s been at this business for some time. The gang runs cons on other gangs or families like the Harkers, and then sets them up to take the fall while he and his men walk away. A prime example is what happened to the Mercers down in Portsmouth last year.”
“That was his doing?”
“According to his men, yes. We might’ve even found the fellow who first got wind of Nicholas Harker’s letter to you, a fellow by the name of Corbin Ediker. He was in Holloway the same time as Harker, and likely overheard Frank O’Malley reciting back the lad’s dictation. It may be safe to assume that, upon failing to intercept the letter before it was posted and delivered, the gang attempted to wrest it from you.”
“Which they botched.” Lewis said.
“And I was just an unlucky, interfering bystander.” Powell added.
Horace nodded. “Yes, but then Duke worked you into his scheme to pin all blame on his nuisance of a nephew and fell the family’s empire. His gang would then be ideally placed to snatch up the choicest pickings from the spoils.”
The priest made a disgusted sound at the back of his throat. “How could anyone even think to foist such awfulness as murder on the shoulders of someone so…so innocent? That boy knew of the injustice of it all – in his own simple way – yet he still offered to die in place of men he scarcely knew. His uncle was aware of the lad’s nature, and he abused it; he twisted it out of proportions; he made him seem a monster. What sort of man does that, and to his own flesh and blood?!”
“David.” Lewis murmured to quiet him.
The priest’s voice had risen steadily in anger as he spoke, and the bell-like fury had begun to carry through the ward. A nurse at the far end turned to look back at them with a frown.
“Oh. Forgive me,” Powell returned, seeming not at all apologetic. “I fear I’m rather uncharitable where Conway Duke and those like him are concerned.”
Mathilda glanced at her husband and Lewis before saying, “Though we may not express it so heatedly, I believe we all share the strength of your sentiments.”
Powell nodded, introspective, and then asked in a more even voice, “Is it known who murdered Frank O’Malley, and why?”
Horace pursed his lips. “Given the status of the proceedings…and the public nature of our current location…I oughtn’t say anything about our culprit.”
As he said this, Mathilda noticed the little priest shoot a glance at the police sergeant; though she couldn’t understand the look Lewis returned, apparently Powell did, for he frowned. She knew what the frown meant: Rory had shared the same frustration with her only last night as they went to bed. They hadn’t managed to definitively pin the murder – or any of the others like it – on anyone yet. True, the Harker boy had witnessed enough of something that his uncle had set him up as his scapegoat, but there wasn’t physical evidence enough yet to support a trial-worthy murder charge against Conway Duke.
“As for the why, I think the poor chap died because it best suited our murderer’s plans. O’Malley knew a great deal about the gang’s operations, and his loyalty seemed to be owed foremost to Nicholas Harker. I believe the testimony he was to have given on the boy’s behalf would’ve included material against the gang, so he was nabbed before that could happened. And while I believe O’Malley might have died for those ‘offenses’ alone, his murder was in such a manner and at such a time so as to lead the police to the tunnels.”
Horace paused.
“Timing. It was a brutal, vindictive-yet-calculated matter of timing.”
Only Duke hadn’t reckoned that her Horace would’ve set aside his prejudice against the Harkers long enough to seek true rather than convenient answers. Mathilda knew they were all thinking this, though none of them said it aloud. She also thought it fitting that of all the men in London that Duke’s gang might’ve kidnapped, it had to nab the two most suited to helping their scapegoat: one to speak for the boy, and the other to fight for him.
Conway Duke and his thugs really hadn’t had a chance.
“Well, a birthday toast,” Powell said, his tone brightening. “Though we’ll have to make do without raising anything delicious in a glass or snifter.”
“—Birthday?” Mathilda asked.
“Lewis’s,” Horace put in.
“Oh. Is it the seventh already?” The sergeant said faintly, his ears tingeing pink.
“Yes,” the other chorused together.
Powell smiled. “To brothers.”
“To persistent friends.” Lewis added, grinning. “Old and new.”
“To laughter and new loves.” Mathilda’s toast earned her an eyebrow raised in curiosity from Lewis, at whom she was looking pointedly. When she shrugged, his ears turned an immediate, brilliant shade of red.
Horace finished, “To innocents not convicted, but saved.”
###

Thank you for reading my story. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Cheers!

Meggie Taylor
About the author
It all began when nine-year-old Meggie Taylor first saw a Reading Rainbow episode on book repair. After making a book out of cardboard and glue and stolen printer paper, she then decided she needed a story to fill the pages. The result was a brief western, entitled "Stinky Sam," which she illustrated as well.
Since the days of Stinky Sam and his exploits, both the author and her writing have moved on. After living in several states throughout the country, Meggie studied Liberal Arts at Magdalen College in New Hampshire, and then English Literature at the University of New Hampshire. She then taught remedial English composition at the college level for a few years before joining the New Hampshire Army National Guard as a photojournalist in 2010. Her civilian job took her to northern Virginia in 2011 (where she lives now), and then she deployed to Afghanistan in 2013. Much of her military writing, all of which is published under the name Margaret Taylor, has run in news outlets throughout the U.S.
Behind the scenes of the non-fiction journalism and the teaching and the various desk jobs, though, has always been the fiction storytelling. Stinky Sam was the first of many, many characters Meggie has created, but the most enduring have been those who appear in The Bobby and The Priest series. After more than a decade of penning (penciling) dozens of short stories and their revisions, "Convicted Innocent" finally screamed its way out into the marketplace.
More of the adventures of the policeman and the little cleric are to follow.
Visit me!
Website: http://meggietaylorsworks.com
Blog: http://meggiesinkblots.blogspot.com/
