CRACK3D PICTURE
BENJAMIN SULLIVAN
Copyright © 2012 Benjamin Sullivan
Smashwords Edition



TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROLOGUE
I
II
III
IV
V
VI
EPILOGUE



PROLOGUE



“God keeps me alive to watch me suffer,” says Henry in a dry, groggy voice.
He is sitting in a rusting steel chair, with his head down, scratching at his eyes with clinched fists. His eyes blink and move rapidly, but he is lost and has no earthly idea of where he is. He slowly lifts his head which is perched upon slouched shoulders and takes a look around. He has found himself in a small, unknown office, containing only a desk, and an old wooden book shelf with numerous medical and psychological texts, some hard cover others paperback. There are no pictures on the walls or desk, no framed inspirational quotes from half wit intellectual psychiatrists, only white walls, which radiate even whiter due to bright, fluorescent lights in the ceiling. The lights are so bright that he feels as if he should be lying on a hospital bed awaiting surgery. He looks extremely exhausted; his eyes are dark with heavy, purple bags underneath, as if he has not slept in weeks and just crawled from bed. His hair is a shaggy, disheveled rat’s nest. His workman-like clothes are wrinkled and his jeans have worn out holes at the knees. He is thin faced, thin nosed, but with a strong and defined jaw line. His complexion is fair, and the slightest light could burn him. Even the light in this office. He is starting to feel the heat from above. He keeps scanning the room until his eyes meet a man sitting directly across from him, in a comfortable, leather desk chair. Henry’s counselor, Mr. Hoffer, is a middle aged man with a mullet hair do. He is wearing a colorful Hawaiian shirt, cargo shorts and Jesus sandals. He is holding Henry’s case file. He is constantly licking his thumb and flipping through the numerous pages.
“Henry?” asks Mr. Hoffer. “Where are we?” Mr. Hoffer’s eyes squint as he probes Henry and his response. “I asked how you are feeling physically and emotionally since the crash.”
“Crash? What crash?”
“That’s just what I thought.” He scribbles notes in his file. “Continue please with what you were saying.”
Henry clears his throat and mutters, “God is a playwright.” He clears his throat again. “No, he is a medieval King. I’m his jester. He created Radcliffe as preternatural court for me to perform on. He throws me into arduous circumstances, and then looks down at me to give him a laugh when I struggle. I bet he sits up there with other angels with a belly full of wine or nectar or whatever it is they drink; a celestial or heavenly circle-jerk of the gods. They are all getting in a good laugh. He surrounds me with a whole bunch of Puritanical born again country bumpkins who look at me like I’m a walking disease. I am just stuck in some sort of white trash limbo.” 
Mr. Hoffer keeps his head buried in the case file. “Man created God, why not be your own God? All you have to do is merely act as such. However by being your own God that would mean that it is you who put yourself in these situations. Who would you blame then? God is man’s invisible manifestation of blame and pain.” 
Henry is momentarily vexed and dejected. He can feel sweat on his palms and a bead slowly roll down his forehead. “I guess it was easier that way,” he says fumbling. “There has always been something that pulls me into undisclosed or camouflaged scenarios. I don’t know what it is. I wonder sometimes if there is a part of my being that is undiscovered or if there is something that I have subconsciously sheltered that slowly snakes through the cracks of my deliberation.”
“I see. So another part of you is compelling foreign urges upon you and making you act in ways which are dissociated from your own course of thought? That has nothing to do with any God or whatever. That is you acting upon your basic animalistic impulses. There is nothing celestial, transcendental, or divine about it. It is basic, elementary. It is your right which gives you the tools to make your own meanings and shape your own life. I thought that was something you of all people should know before you started looking for a crutch. That will be enough of that. Now on to more important stuff; how is work?” 
“I don’t hate it. I don’t love it. It just is. I do the same thing everyday, in succession; it is all part of a routine.”
“I meant the people,” he says frustratingly. “How are your relationships with co-workers? I know you have some degree of difficulty connecting.”
“I stopped trying. Well I guess I never tried. Why should I?  I don’t pay attention to their laughs when I turn around. I just do my job and avoid. It is all I can do really to keep me going.” Henry adjusts himself in his seat which grinds from the later of rust on the hinges. “As a matter of fact, I think I hate the people. They disgust me. I don’t know what compels me to get up and go everyday. Every single one of them thinks they are better and smarter than me. They are no more intelligent than the trash they throw down on their own streets.”
Two flies buzz by Henry’s head. He just moves his head around to avoid them, not even raising one hand.
 “I understand there is an anniversary coming soon? Would you like to discuss that? Remorse? Regret?” asks Mr. Hoffer.
“I have none of those. I didn’t do anything in which either of those feelings has crossed my mind. She made her decision and died with it. It makes me sad that she felt giving up was her only way to get through.” Henry’s eyes begin to drift off, engulfed inside his head. “I still dream about it. Waking up, walking up the stairs from my room to the door leading to our kitchen. Sometimes I open the door to a wall, other times I open it and see her on the floor, lifeless. But when I really look, I don’t know if it is her. It is like looking at an outagraph photo, you know where you take a picture of something then cut the subject out of the picture. But then again, I am not in the kitchen, but a room lit in red. When I turn to go back to my room, it is still my room, but all my furniture is rearranged. It is alarming to think about it, but when I am there I am comfortable. I think I have found freedom in the fact that she may be in a better place, after all it sure is not here. You have to leave this place to truly be free.”
“I know what and outagraph is.” Mr. Hoffer closes the case file and lays it on top of his empty desk. The two flies make their way to the case files and start copulating mechanically, spreading germs and clones”
 He stares at Henry, who is still not there, through a lowered brow. “Freedom can be found in a lot of ways, Henry,” he voice as low as his brow. “People who look for freedom seldom find it. Freedom finds you, Henry. However without Hope, there is no freedom. So Hope is all but gone from you?”
Henry finally leaves his visions and responds,” Hope is never gone. Hope never existed.”



I



The summer ends and the fall begins. A new semester at Radcliffe University is about to commence. To come to Radcliffe University is to come to the place where Satan fell from Heaven and straight to hell. Or paradise as one would say. Buried in the heart of the North River Valley, it is miles from the interstate or anything resembling normal civilization. The Institution breathes and feeds economic life into the struggling city that surrounds it. The train tracks and road, only one of each leading in and out, slither through dead tree covered mountains with steep cliffs on each side that drop like the hopes and dreams of the students and townies, back down into the Valley which itself is gashed by a river with the undercurrent that swallows lives.
One particular cattle car is the one carrying Tony. Tony is looking out the window, sitting with his feet on the seat and his arms around his shins, bare knees poking through the frayed holes in his denim jeans. He is unaware and uncaring of his surroundings. Lonely hoards of students fill out the rest of the space. His eyes are cold blue and his hair is shoulder length and golden, skin white as snow. 
Nausea is settling in the stomachs of the other sad students as all they see is sorrow and poverty. Every other house on the street looks abandoned or neglected by its tenant. Boards or cellophane cover windows, boards on the front porches are rotted and upended, roofs are caved in. This is the epitome of destitute. Students can’t live in those houses. Could they? Does the City of Radcliffe allow this? The University?  
All of the students eventually turn there attention to the Gate House. A large  ominous, sprawling brick disaster of a building with an archway for the single lane train track and two long identical halls on each side with blacked out windows. The sign right above the key stone of the archway is supposed to read ‘Radcliffe University’ but some letters are missing so it actually reads ‘Ra-c-iff- Uni-ers-ty.’ Dead corn fields adorn the front of the flat lands of building. There seems to be spray-painted graffiti words on the two wings. As the cattle car train pulls closer and starts slowing, the words are visible: ‘Turn Around’ on the left wing and ‘Go Back’ on the right. Surprising it is that the University left this up for incoming students. The admissions office is located within. The black metal gate swings open allowing the lone train to pull through and drop the students off directly inside the University walls, where they find several desks with admissions officers ready and willing to tell each and every student where they will be staying. Tony steps off like a king, hair blowing in the breeze. He has only brought one rattle snake suitcase with him. It is all he needs. His gaze turns to the large twelve story dormitory, Fuse Hall. Fuse Hall is the largest of all dormitories, made of brick; it is the oldest as well. The cornerstone of the University, there are vines crawling up the front two wings which extend from the lobby in the middle. The wings are four stories tall and above the lobby the rooms form a tower that is capped off with a clock tower that can be seen from all over campus. The clock within has no hands and the numbers are in reverse order. 
Cars are scattered all along the parking lots of the dormitories, filled with the luggage of incoming students. The cars not parked are trying to find spaces and their horns are screaming at folks trying to do the same. 
“Not much luggage, did you bring everything you need?” says a young man, dressed as a concierge. He speaks with a caring, and nurturing tone. He is wearing a black suit and white gloves, although the fingertips of the gloves have been clipped off. 
“This is it. Just tell me where I am staying. You really don’t even need to walk me in,” says Tony.
“Yes sir. As you wish sir. Do you have a ticket or some form of identification so I can assist you further?”
Tony reaches into his pocket and pulls his ticket out, which the man looks at. 
“Fuse Hall, sir.”
“I know where that is. Thanks.”
“Please let me show you to your room.”
They walk through the large lobby that has two elevators, both out of order, so they take the stairs to the second floor. The wing hallway is long and just wide enough for two people to walk side by side. They come to a door, which is already open and when they walk in. They see a tall, skinny, and very dark black man with buck teeth wearing a white tank top and athletic shorts. His hair is dyed bright orange and spiked with glue. He sees them and sashes over to them with his hand extended. “Heyyy, how you doin’? You must be Tony? My name is Fabian. We are roomies this year,” says the dark man with an overpowering lisp.
Tony shakes his hand then looks down at his. He slowly places his suitcase on the floor without taking his eyes off of Fabian. “I’m just going to drop these off real quick to get my other stuff. We’ll be right back,” he says quickly. Tony turns and he and the young man leave shutting the door behind them.
They begin their walk down the thin hallway again back outside. The young man cannot hide his curiosity much longer.  “What seems to be the problem, sir?”
 “I did my half, all Mitch had to do was sign that damn form and I wouldn’t have Ru Paul as my roommate,” Tony responds.
“Always someone else’s fault. I am sorry I should not have said that. Who is this Mitch you speak of?”
“I have a bad feeling about this semester.”
“I have never heard of a bad semester at Radcliffe University; the finest Institution in the North River Valley.”
“Again, Mitch’s fault. Did that guy have nipple rings?” questions Tony.
They dodge through luggage carrying people at the elevators and take the stairs back down to the lobby and then out the front door.
“I sure hope Mitch gets here soon; he said he was going to be here at about one or so. Which actually means he will be here at three,” Tony continues. Each passing student or parent cannot look past his long blonde hair. 
“There’s something foreboding about this place. I can feel it. Something is speaking to me,” he sighs. His voice is beginning to break with static.
They reach the quad outside Fuse Hall. Tony looks at a mother and son about to go their separate ways. The mother turns to him and looks into his eyes. Her tears begin as a slow drip here and there and then finally the levee breaks, she reaches over to her son, grabs him in her arms and her tears crash on his shoulder. Caught off guard he looks at her stunned for a moment and then lazily puts his arms around her. When she finally pulls away, Tony sees that her makeup has run down her face. What a terrible sight, he thinks to himself.
“I love you, son,” she says through the buzzing and sniffling.
“I love you too, mom. Please drive safe.” the son rewards her with a smile of confidence.
“In a short time, you will be dead too.” the young concierge says. His mouth continues to move as his voice turns to white noise. 
The mother caresses the son’s face with the back of her hand. He merely stares at her hand as it glides from his temple to his chin. 
Tony watches the mother walk away, still wiping tears from her face. She hops in her minivan and pulls away. He turns and looks around campus and watches other students and their families. He looks at his building first floor to twelfth. Then down at his clothes. Something is not right. The feeling passes and now he does not care. An alarm sounds. The concierge disappears.
“Fucking Mitch, man,” he scoffs.
He turns walks alone down the side walk towards the other side of campus. Random people stop what they’re doing and stare at him; he just ignores and continues walking. He walks with his head down hoping to blend in. He occasionally looks up at the environment around. Not the people. All the dormitories are old and made of brick. Lawns lush green and freshly cut but only for the presentation of the opening semester. The sun is has yet to shine. He finally happens upon Morelit Hall which is a wide, three-story dormitory, second largest to Fuse Hall, by the amount of rooms. There is a nice quad, with a ledge, or stage, in front of the building. 
Tony walks in the front door, turns right and continues to walk down the hall. At the end of the hallway to the right is the elevator which he rides. After getting out of the elevator at the third floor, he turns left down the hallway. There at the other end is Bryan, an old friend of Tony’s, wearing American Eagle’s finest; a tee shirt, plaid shorts and flip flops. He has a beard, no mustache and short dark hair. He double-glances Tony and mumbles something disparaging under his breathe. “What you know good, bro?” yells an over joyous Bryan, who throws his hands in the air in faux celebration.
“My importance to you is scary. What the fuck are you wearing? Did the country punk turn pretty?” Tony asks in a disgusted voice.
“You’re one to talk. Where is your bandana and studded belt?” 
“They wouldn’t let me wear them on the train. I’ll be ready by tonight.” 
“Same here so get off my ass,” says Bryan as they walk down the hall towards his room.
“My bad dude,” Tony says smiling, enjoying the reaction he pulled from his friend. “Your roommate got here yet?”
“I hope he doesn’t show up. I called this dude a few days ago to go over some details, and I couldn’t understand a damn thing he said. He’s from some hick part of the state and his accent and slang had feeling down about this semester. I have to live with that for the next four months?” 
They finally reach Bryan’s room. He pulls his key out, unlocks the door and opens it. The room is barren except for two twin beds, two desks and one dresser with a large mirror attached. Brad merely throws his luggage on the ground by the door and says, “I need some smokes let’s get outta here.”
Tony and Bryan walk on the outskirts of the University on the sidewalk. People are parked on medians and on the side of the roads still unloading and carrying luggage. It seemingly never ends.
“These parents have no idea what their kids are going to do once they leave. Freedom is a drug, made to be abused,” Tony says. 
“Well I am sure they won’t end up like us. They couldn’t handle doing the things we do,” Bryan says confidently.
“Freedom is a scary thing to possess, if you know what it means to you,” Tony  runs his fingers through his hair. 
“Do anything fun over the summer?”
“Besides work, no. I bought a new pickup truck; four wheel drive, big ass super swampers,” Bryan says giggling.
“The anarchistic redneck.”
“Damn right. Dude I am thinking about a nickname.”
“For you?”
“Yes”
“What?”
“Mongoose.”
“Mongoose?”
“Mongoose, bro! Look!”
Bryan lifts up his shirt to show his flabby stomach, and a Mongoose head tattoo on his chest. Tony looks at is disgust. It looks like prison ink.
“You’re a fucking clown, dude,” Tony mutters.
They finally make it to the convenience store, which is packed with humans. All of the visitors are inside buying drinks, snacks, magazine, etc. Tony and Bryan fight their way through the front door to the counter and get in the long line that wraps around the store. The shelves and coolers look barren.  They buy packs of Marlboro Red 100s, the long harsh cigarettes, and fight their way back out of the store, and back to Bryan’s dormitory.
“Where’s the sunshine at?” Bryan questions.
“Fuck if I know. I don’t care to see it anyways,” Tony responds. 
“Well I have some stuff in my bag that will brighten us up.”
“I was hoping you would say that.”
“I think I might actually start charging you.”
“You enjoy my company far too much to charge me,” Tony quips with a grin.
Tony looks to the sky and notices the clouds are getting darker for an impending storm. The wind not only shakes the colored leaves off the branches and to the ground, but also sends his hair flowing astray. The skies erupt and the rains pours. The students and parents that were outside unpacking, start hustling and running inside to avoid being wet. Tony and Bryan keep strolling along towards the dormitory and get there without a care in the world. 
They walk along the hallway to the elevator, which they ride to the third floor, and finally get to Bryan’s room. Once they walk inside, Bryan goes to the side pocket of his larger suitcase and pulls out a small baggie with some pot in it. Tony digs into his pocket and pulls out a small two piece bowl which he screws together. Bryan hands him the bag and he sits on the table, puts a few pinches of green on the bowl and lights. The room instantly becomes smoky and hazy. 
“Dude hold on, man, I have to shut the door,” Bryan shouts running towards the door to shut and lock it. 
Tony just carelessly waves him off and continues smoking. He takes another hit and finally hands it over to Bryan who does the same.
All of the sudden the door lock begins to shake and rattle. Tony sprints over to the window to open it and try to let some smoke out. Bryan rifles through his bag and finds a can of smoke neutralizer and begins to spray it all around the room. Nothing helps. The door opens wildly and-
“Yoooo, what’s good schnig?” shouts this red haired kid, about nineteen years old with a slight tan. His hair is short on the sides with some length on top which is curls. He looks like Jerry Lee Lewis. “Ch-yeah! Dale-bo is finally at Rad-town!”
Tony and Bryan are shocked, but relieved and slightly confused at what has just transpired. 
“What’d he just say?” Tony whispers to Bryan.
“I have no earthly idea.”
“That’s d-block slang baby. Woo!” shouts Dale overexcited. “It smells fresh in here.” 
“Sure does,” Tony giggles; as all he can breathe in is the smoke in the air, which is starting to add to the buzz he was initially getting.
“Mind if I jump in? I got my own, too,” Dale adds.
“I am never ever going to have to pay, sweet!” Tony says. “Well, I already feel fine now that I have gotten that into my life, so I will step aside and let you two get acquainted. I also need to snake my stuff before my roommate starts sniffing my underpants.”
“Just imagine what he was thinking when you walked in that room with that long, golden hair of yours?” quips Bryan laughing.
“I will be right back. While I am gone, how about you go fuck yourself,” says Tony frustrated.
Tony is standing outside of his door at Fuse Hall, hesitant to go in. He takes a deep breath, looks up at the ceiling, exhales and walks in. No one’s there. Tony goes to one of the beds in the room where Fabian put his bag. It is still unzipped, so he stayed out. He unzips the case, grabs a few clothes out, a bag with toiletries and runs in the bathroom. He is thinking of a shower that merely consists of a once over of soap and shampoo. He decided against taking a shower. He walks over and looks into the mirror, tries running a brush through his long hair and becomes fixated on his reflection. Like Narcissus. He looks down at the counter and sees his black bandana on the top of his clothes. He smiles, and puts on his black heavy metal tee shirt. He pulls his studded belt through every loop in his pants but leaves the belt buckle cocked to the side of his hip. Lastly he slides the bandana over his hair and teases it out so it lies out over top. He looks at himself and smiles, he is now comfortable. 
Back at Morelit Hall, he merely strolls around the halls looking at room numbers, peering into other peoples rooms and finally goes to the staircase to the third floor. He struggles up the three flights of stairs and finally gets to the third floor. He sees Dale and Bryan’s room but just walks by. Walking clear across the building he finally spots room number 301 and is compelled to walk in. Mitch is there unloading his luggage. Mitch is tall, slender, and shaggy haired. He is also Tony’s best friend; maybe his only real friend. Mitch is unpacking his bags and placing finely folded clothes into the dresser drawers. This room looks different than the other rooms he has seen or peered into. There are three beds, two are bunked. The room has a large window with a wonderful full view of the University.
Mitch finally takes notice of Henry. “What’s good man?”
“Same old shit brother.”
They come together, clasps hands, and shoulder pump.
“Man, you’re not going to believe what happened on my way up here.”
“Get lost?”
“I did bro. I ran over one of those shredded tires that you see on the highways. The tire wrapped around my fucking axle and I had to pull over on the side of the road and cut the damn thing off. Luckily I had this.”
Mitch pulls out an eight inch deer hunting knife. Extremely sharp.
“I don’t think you’re allowed to have that here. But I’m glad you’re alright, man. Oh by the way I’m moving in.”
“Good. So far I’m the only one living here. No roommate yet.”
“Well I have a story for you too. Since you didn’t take care of your end of our room deal, I was placed with a roommate who is a gay black dude; like flaming gay, like I’m afraid to pass out drunk in my room gay. My own mother was laughing at me.”
Mitch puts his hands over his face and laughs hysterically.
“Oh my god that sucks!”
“Yeah. Yeah it does. Glad you think it is so funny. It’s your fault. Come on man hurry up and get ready. We’re pre gaming in Bryan’s room. They’re just right down the hall.”
“This is definitely going to be a crazy semester.” Mitch says as they both walk out the door and down the hallway, without locking their door.
“So what’s good for tonight?” Mitch asks.
“You know I never make plans.”
“Right, right. I need cigarettes.”
“Just smoke some of mine. I don’t feel like waiting for your pokey ass anymore.” 
Tony and Mitch just push a door open and smoke files out. Tony jumps in between Dale and Bryan and starts smoking as well. Dale and Bryan don’t say much as they are already stoned outside of their mind. Mitch just watches. He does however reach into a refrigerator and grabs two cans of Milwaukee’s Best Light, the Beast. He pops the tops of his and Tony’s then hands one to Tony, who immediately throws it to his lips and chugs.
“Shit, I feel vegetation coming over me.” Tony says slowly. 
“So where are we going tonight?” Bryan asks.
“Who knows, there’s always something here,” Tony answers. “I assume that there has to be something because there’s nothing else to do.”
“When there’s nothing to do, get tore up, right?” interjects Dale.
“I guess,” says Mitch.
“Well, let’s just walk around and see if we find something that interests us. There has to be some sort of fraternity party to celebrate the opening weekend of the new semester,” says Bryan.
“New dean this year I heard. I heard he wants to make some changes. He doesn’t like the reputation this school has. Him and the Sheriff are working together,” adds Dale.
“The university and the city are thinking of better ways to fuck us out of more money? Parking tickets and drunk in publics just aren’t enough anymore are they?” says Tony.
They all laugh. Tony just shakes his head.
“This is true. New rules; they’re trying to clean things up. They don’t like the party school things, drugs in the streets, homeless people, budget and whatever else. It’s all about change man,” Mitch advises. 
“Change, change, change. Are they going to cut out sex too? They must know about this place’s reputation for promiscuous, unprotected sex,” questions Tony. “It is all so archaic to me.”
“Something you don’t take advantage of,” Mitch says looking at Tony, who just stares back at Mitch.
“I’ll leave. Fuck that,” yells Bryan.
“Well, I know frats don’t throw down as often. Dude from the rugby team told me earlier. They’re not even going to throw down on Thursday’s anymore. They used to have parties all the time there,” adds Mitch. 
“If you’re not on ‘roids you’re not getting laid there with all the girls wanting rugby guys,” says Tony. “I am ready to get the hell out of here before I literally become cemented in this room. Let’s go.”
When the sun goes down, the phrase “freaks come out at night” never rang truer. The brick buildings look older and monstrous. The streets are as dirty as the townie mountain men cooking meth in their trailer home bathrooms.
Tony, Dale, and Bryan venture to the ‘far side’ of campus, where University housing is naught. The houses were built in the 1860s and without renovations. The students renting the rundown houses and apartments yell and scream and laugh. The guys are having the worst time walking. Their legs are heavy and heads swimming. They aimlessly walk the streets, only lit by faint porch lights. They finally find themselves at the door of a town house. It is a group off four town homes combined with a front porch for all. Trash is scattered on the porch. Cigarette butts and boxes, dead plants and beer cans decorate what could be a comfortable lounge area. Tony knocks.
“Who is it?” calls the voice from the other side of the door.
“Axl Rose,” answers Tony, looking at the other guys laughing.
The tenant opens the door. He’s a 22 year old geek. It oozed off of him but he tried to cover it up by nice clothes and a cocky smugness. 
“Is there a party here?” asks Tony.
“Get the fuck off my porch!” yells the geek, trying to be tough.
“Clean your damn porch,” says Dale.
The tenant walks through the doorway looking for confrontation, but they jump off the side of the porch, laughing and still antagonizing him as they run up the street.
“What about that house up there?” Bryan says exhausted, his run turning into a jog.
The street sharply turns straight up the side of a mountain and at the end of the street is the Theta Chi frat house. No one answers but they continue to run up the street, the mountain. Their legs are getting extremely tired. They are no longer running; they are walking but pushing off of their legs with their arms. It has become a full body workout. Their cigarette ravaged lungs are not holding up. They are wheezing badly. Bryan is on the verge of passing out. But as soon as they begin to fade, they make it to the driveway of the house where people are already outside drinking and smoking.  There are also people in the porch to the side of the house, and also people under the porch hidden by the dark. No telling what they are doing.
“I hope they have water here, damn. How much to get it?” says Tony, absolutely exasperated. 
“No charge, man. These frats can’t charge anymore. Unless they pay the University or city,” says Mitch. 
“Hell yeah! I am glad because I didn’t bring any money.” 
After walking through the front door, they’re immediately in the dirty kitchen. The yellow tile floor is covered in a thin layer of muddy water from the shoes of all the people inside. To the right, there’s a room lit with neon lights and a hookah in the center of people sitting in a circle. Frats dudes, random chicks take hits. The boys proceed to the back room with wooden floors; a slightly lit room with a keg in the far corner which is surrounded by drunk students filling their plastic cups. They get their cups and proceed to the back whilst looking around for people for girls. All of the windows are covered with black bed sheets.
“Keg stand!” shots a random frat brother.
A hot blonde girl, in a short skirt and heels, gets snagged by two frat brothers who grab her ankles and lift her in the air to take a keg stand. The crowd chants her time all together. Her friends are around her cheering her on. After a lousy twelve seconds she taps out her face is red and her mouth and nose covered in beer. Her and her friends get a laugh. 
“She isn’t that hot,” says Tony.
“She might be easy!” laughs Bryan.
“Perfect for you, Tone. You need someone who doesn’t know the word no,” says Mitch.
“This place blows. Where’s Dale?” says Tony.
Dale has slipped them without notice. They turn to go out the room. The crowd is growing and space is shrinking. Every step they get knocked back and forth and finally realize that Dale has found his way in the circle of frat dudes and cling-on folk. He seems to have fit in well with them; probably lying to them about wanting to join their frat. They’re enjoying it and thinking about the things they’re going to do to him while he rushes. Their smiles are slightly evil and over long, evilly hyperactive.  Tony sees the smiles are growing longer than usual. Dale is getting over excited. The hoses from the hookah pass around and white smoke fills the room. Tony just merely rubs his eyes and turns away. 
“Yo dick, you alright, we’re leaving,” Mitch says to Tony, startling him for a second.
“What the fuck we just got here!” answers Tony. “Don’t forget the leech in the smoke.”
Bryan walks in angrily on a mission, grabs Dale by the collar of his shirt and yanks him out of his seat. “Get the fuck up! Let’s go.”
“Where are we going?” asks Dale.
“Out.”
The guys spill out of the house. The night is darker, blacker. People are walking everywhere. Some drunk and stumbling, others just aimlessly walking hoping to find somewhere to drink. Smoke. 
“Bryan, you may have to finally call your girlfriend. I’m sure they are doing something,” says Tony.
“She told me to hit her up, but I really didn’t want to.”
“She has hot friends, right?” asks Dale. 
“Let’s hope,” says Tony.
“Beer pong? I would really like to play some beer pong,” chimes Mitch.
“Damn right. You know what would be cool; if they had their very own room. Like a beer pong stadium,” says Tony, envisioning it in his mind.
“I’m not really worried about that. I just want to play. It’s better than just standing stationary until getting a beer. At least we could all do something competitive,” says Mitch.
“I think I am going to join that frat. Those dudes seem alright. They was telling me the get laid whenever they want, get their smoke for free. Wouldn’t that be sweet,” says Dale.
“Go ahead bro. you would be their little bitch for months,” says Bryan. “I hope you know how to clean shit from toilets, wipe the brothers’ asses, eat cheerios out of a bowl of beer, drink bong water mixed with piss, and drink the left over beers from parties after they’ve already sat hot overnight-”
“Alright I get it,” interrupt Dale.
“All for their entertainment,” Bryan says proudly.
“I’m debating you doing all that stuff for our entertainment,” says Tony getting a laugh from everyone, except Dale who feels slightly embarrassed. “Besides, man, there is something about those dudes, I didn’t’ like. They seemed; fake. Not real.”
“Ch-yeah. Maybe you right,” Dale says.
“Fucking whitey,” says Bryan under his breath.
Bryan’s girlfriend Kristian struts from the front door to the front lawn to meet the guys as they come. She is way out of Bryan’s league. Tall, long legged and tan she shakes her brown hair around and it flails like angels hair. Tony cannot help but wonder why she is wearing short shorts with the weather the way it is.
“Hey boys!” Kristian says voice smooth. She looks to Tony in particular and says, “Polar bear. The Keg’s inside.”
Her and Bryan walk in the house. Mitch and Tony stay outside and light cigarettes. Dale follows Bryan.
“Polar bear?” Mitch asks. “Does this chick even know you?”
“I assume it is on account of my pale ass skin,” Tony answers. 
“Kind of fucked up.”
“She looks like a slut anyways; she probably has the gifts that keep on giving.”
“So. You probably have more STDs than Jim Morrison and James Bond combined.” 
Tony looks at Mitch in amazement at what he just said. Taken aback and offended. He takes a drag off his cigarette and blows the smoke in Mitch’s face and walks toward the door.
“If I were you I would get myself checked out!”
Tony walks into the living and is drawn to another long haired man sitting on a sofa, guitar in hand playing and singing folk songs. The crowd gathered around him is swaying back and forth completely taken in by the gentle chords. Tony tries to find another room as quick as possible.
He makes his way into the kitchen where the table takes up one half of the kitchen. The kitchen itself looks very 1960s, lots of yellows and oranges and plastic furniture. In the corner of the kitchen by the refrigerator stands the keg, still cold and in a large blue tote and no line to wait. Beer pong is going on in the adjacent sunroom. 
“Hey dude, go sign us up for the next game,” shouts Tony at Mitch who is at the keg filling his cup. 
Mitch hands his cup to Tony. “You got it boss.”
Bryan walks in adjusting his belt buckle with Kristian following closely behind holding his hand; he is trying to let everyone know he just got laid with his huge shit eating grin. 
“Yeah! Yes I did!” Bryans says laughing.
“I didn’t fucking say anything,” says Tony. “If not you it would’ve been someone else.”
“Get ready man, we’re next. Bread and butter baby,” Mitch says.
“Fifteen games in a row son!” Mitch shouts.
Tony is sitting on a brick ledge behind Morelit Hall. Rain is falling and there are people sliding down the hill behind them on trash bags.
“I’m sorry, what?” Tony says, seemingly lost. 
“We dominated beer pong, fifteen games in a row. We were beating everyone. Random people just kept coming up and trying their hand. All failed. Everybody was getting pissed at themselves, and even at us. Bryan and Dale in particular. Bryan more so. He started throwing balls against the walls and yelling at Dale. Hilarious. We just kept continuing to make shots. These two girl partners were shaking their asses and showing their boobs to try and distract us, but to no avail. We’re pros and we have seen it all before man.
 “That’s never happened to me before man. Holy fuck,” Tony says, still confused but starting to feel more comfortable.
“Bryan and Dale were really getting hot man. I thought Bryan was going to fuck Dale up. He just started beaming the pong balls at the cups.”
Tony is sitting motionless, peering off into the sky; almost looking for something in the dark, cloudy heavens.
“What’s up man, you alright? Drink too much?” Mitch asks with concern.
“This is what it’s all about man: living a dream. Not a care in the world. This is freedom.” Tony surmises. 
Mitch just nods, agreeing but not knowing where this is all coming from. “Living a dream.”
“Sometimes when a night goes this well,” Tony stops and pulls a crushed pack of cigarettes from his pocket. All the cigarettes look broken.  “I just wait for a catastrophe.” 
Tony and Mitch are sitting together in auditorium classroom; Tony pretending to take notes and Mitch falling asleep with a thick textbook and folder on his lap
A teacher’s voice comes in and out to Tony-“…in the 17th century however, that’s when there were great strides in the development in the study of geology…”
Tony looks over at Mitch who is sleeping, but with his eyes open.
“…this was one of the major points in religion against science. The geology and origin of the Earth…” says the teacher whose words still evaporates and hangs in the air.
A girl is sitting beside Tony is text messaging, clearly in her own little world. She is a little on the hefty side with dyed back hair. The constant tapping and clicking begins to peck at Tony
 Mitch’s head keeps bobbing and moving around. His eye balls are moving around rapidly. 
“Damn, I should be high right now,” says the girl under her breath as she exhales in boredom.
“Me too,” Tony says injecting himself into her own conversation.
“You smoke?”
“Are you serious? Everyday. The long hair didn’t give it away?”
“Oh yeah sorry, what was I thinking?” she says sarcastically.
“So what are you doing after class?” asks Tony.
“Nothing comes to mind.”
“…next week we’ll get into more of engineering geology and how it affects our current environment,” again says the teacher.
“Well how about that,” says Tony. 
“How about that,” mutters the girl, her eyes back to her phone.
The sounds of her clicking and tapping on her phone are starting to eat at Tony.”
“Could you please fucking stop that? Who is that fucking important,” Tony angrily whispers almost coming out of his seat.
“It is my mom, you son a bitch. Her sister has just been diagnosed with diabetes.”
Tony is embarrassed and feels small. He slowly situates himself back into his chair. “I am sorry to hear that.”
“I am sure you are. I am leaving” says the girl, who grabs her book bag and leaves.
Tony gets up too and follows her out of the classroom. Tony intentionally holds his notebook out to hit Mitch in the face to wake him up. It doesn’t work.
Tony catches her outside of the classroom door.
“Look I really am sorry, is there anything I can do to make up for it?”
The girl stops and turns around quickly and walks back to Tony.
“Look I am seriously about to pull a knife out of my back a stab you with it.”
Tony stops and puts his hands up and quickly says “I can get some smoke.”
The girl squints, wanting to hear more.
“I can get some Northern Lights, for the both of us, if you’d like. You said you wanted to smoke and what better way to forget life’s problems.”
She lowers her guard and says, “Let’s go then.”
They exit the hall and walk the sidewalks; Tony has no idea what he is going to do. Until he finally remember Bryan may have some if hasn’t smoked it all already. Tony gets excited about his idea and walks quicker making it harder for the girl to keep up with him. 
The campus is already buzzing with activity. Students are walking out of their dormitory halls going to class, the cafeteria hall, maybe someone else’s room. There are small stand along the sidewalk as well some selling University shirts and some stands are frats or sororities recruiting new prospects.
“Slow down,” calls out the girl who is getting further and further away.
Tony make is to Morelit Hall and walks in the door and finally realizes that the girl he just met isn’t there. He becomes worried and looks around. Nothing. 
He turns around to walk back inside-
“Why did you run away!” shouts the girl.
Tony jumps back frightened but relieved. 
“It is inside, I will go get it, and you stay right here.”
Tony runs through the door and down the hallway to the elevator. He pushes the button to open the door but nothing. He turns and goes the stair way and runs up the three flights of stairs and gets to Bryan and Dale’s room. He knocks on the door but no one answers. He turns the door knob, it is unlocked and he opens the door slowly. No one is there. He runs over to Bryan’s unpacked bags and starts digging in his belongings throwing shirts and jeans all over the room. He goes to the drawers in starts flipping through the folded clothes and finds an old pair of camouflaged shorts hidden in the sock drawer. He sticks his hand in the pocket and pulls out a zip lock bag with a small amount of marijuana inside. He stuffs the bag in his pocket and exits the room quickly, locking the door behind him. He checks the halls for activity but it is empty so takes flight back down the stairs to the hallways and back out the front door to meet the girl who is still standing in the same spot as Tony told her to.
“Ok all ready, want to go to your place,” says Tony out of breath.
“Sure. My roommates are there so don’t act suspicious.”
“Got it.”
They walk away from the Morelit Hall quad and off campus entirely. Tony walks slightly behind the girl. He hasn’t even asked her what her name is. Nor does he really care. She doesn’t either. They pass a small convenience store which has metal bars over the windows with a few homeless people standing behind it. However behind the store is the girl’s house, which she rents with a few roommates. The girl takes her key ring out and unlocks the door. They walk in and her three roommates are sitting on a sofa directly in front of them watching a movie on the television, oblivious to them. the proceed down the hallway which is a straight shot from the front door, hang a left at the end of the hallway and make an immediate right into the girls room. 
The girl pulls out a huge multi colored bong, a bubbler to be exact, from behind her vanity. It has to be about three feet tall. Tony has never seen anything like this and isn’t quite ready for it. She’s obviously done this many times before. She packs the bong and hands it to Tony with a smile. Her first one directed his way. Tony grabs the bong without a clue what to do; staring at it nervously. 
“What the hell are you doing? It isn’t going to bite you” she asks agitated.
“What is this?”
She thinks she’s with an amateur. In many regards she is. She grabs the bong from him.
“Watch,” she says.
She lights the shotgun and the greenies burn. She ever so softly draws smoke up the tube and when smoke completely fills the tube she pulls at the shotgun and with one good pull, gets all the smoke. She holds for a second and exhales, again ever so softly. Another smile. Tony sits in amazement. He has never even seen a guy do that.
“Wow, you’re good,” he says. “Ok my turn.”
Tony grabs the bong takes a huge rip, which he repeats. The girl grabs the bong and takes hers. They both start laughing. The girl walks over to a jewelry box and pulls out another small bag; this bag containing white powder. She sprinkles a little on top and passes it to Tony who takes another hit, and then he freezes. The girl laughs at him but Tony is completely unable to defend himself.
Tony cannot move.  He looks relaxed but looking terribly high. The girl and her roommates come in and out of his vision, their faces long and eyes blood shot. Then the eyes transform into mirrors so he can see himself. But he doesn’t recognize himself as himself. He can hear people talking around him. All of their voices are distorted, like people talking with marbles in their mouth and fading as if someone else is adjusting the volumes of the voices. Their bodies stretch and then fold over top of him. The walls elongate and race into a black vanishing point.
The voices fade into the oblivion as Tony begins to sink into the floor. The room turns black. Every word that has ever been uttered to Tony is racing through his head. Some things he has never heard and don’t have meaning also. The words are layered on top of each other. 
Mitch finally comes in the room he looks at the girls, who look as if Tony may have just somehow ended up there without them knowing. He reaches over to Tony and claps his hands in his face trying to get a response. 
The girls start doing tribal dances around him.
“Wake up” Mitch says but the words and his mouth aren’t matching. He finally grabs Tony by his feet and drags him out of the room, down the small then large hallway, then out of the front door to his car which is parked outside. He leaves a limp Tony on the ground as he goes to the passenger side door, opens it and puts Tony inside. He slams the door shut, gets in the driver seat and pulls away from the house. 
Tony looks up and stares through the moon roof. He rises from his seat with Mitch merely watching. He opens the moon roof and pokes his head out. His hair flies back from the wind. He looks up at the night sky as the grey and purple clouds swirl within the black air rapidly.
Tony rolls over, awakened, by Mitch kicking his bed, looking like hell.
“Damn son, you look like shit. You go home with that chick?” says Mitch.
“Mmm, yeah sure,” says Tony unsure.
“Do any good?”
“Good buzz I think. I don’t remember much.”
“Yeah, you know, it’s probably for the best. Just because you look like a rock star, doesn’t mean you can live like one.”
“Practice makes perfect.”
“Get up and let’s go out back and smoke a cig?”
“Definitely, I think I am a little hungry though.”
“Alright, yeah, a burger sounds good.”
Tony struggles to get up and falls out of the bed prompting Mitch to lend a hand. Tony adjusts the bandana on his head once he gets to his feet and they walk out the door, down the hallway to the elevator and wait for it to open. The stairs are definitely not an option.
Once the door opens, there is a small red haired girl standing innocently in the back corner of the elevator. She gets frightened when Tony walks in, trying to make herself as small as possible. Right before the door closes she sprints through them. Tony relishes the moment. “Dude you eyes are so red right now it’s sickening.”
“Good”
The elevator ride comes to an end at the first floor where they meet Dale and Bryan just coming back from class.
“We’re getting some food, want some?” Tony asks.
“Yeah, I’m starving. I’m craving a burger,” answers Bryan.
“I’m down,” says Dale. “Speaking of who’s throwing down tonight? Anybody?”
“I don’t even think I’m going out man. My stomach has been hurting like a bitch.”
“You might want to get the sand out of your vagina too,” says Mitch.
“Yeah man. Your pussy bleeding?” says Tony.
“Fuck you. No man. Lately I’ve just been feeling like I want to puke but can’t and I have this sharp pain in my side. It’s hard too.”
“Beer helps. Always eases my pain,” says Tony.
They walk out the front entrance door and Tony takes in a huge gulp of moist air. 
“Dope too.” says Dale.
“I doubt it. Look I am going back in. You all go without me.”
“Fallen soldier,” says Mitch.
“Dude you cannot be serious,” says Tony, who is growing frustrated. “I have lost my appetite I am going back inside too.”
“You know what, if you find something good, maybe.”
“Thank you. Attaboy. I still don’t have an appetite though.”
On a bulletin board on the wall, adjacent to the front, there are fliers posted. Tony notices a fluorescent pink one in particular and pulls it off and starts reading.
“Hey guys, look at this,” shouts Tony.
“What the hell is that?” inquires Mitch.
“It says there’s a sorority auction,” says Tony.
“What’s that?” asks Bryan.
“I have no idea. Says you come and they auction off the girls for a night,” says Tony.
“Tony, you’re the man,” says Mitch. 
“Seems weird to me. It reminds me of this one time I took my truck to hooters for a topless car wash and they washed everything except the top of the damn truck!” says Bryan.
“Well, to me, it sounds like university endorsed prostitution. I’m in. Anyone want to go halves?” says Tony whose eyes grow large and hearts beats fast.
“Fuck it. I’m down,” answers Mitch.
“I’ll think about it,” says Bryan, wincing with pain and grabbing at the left side of his abdomen with both hands, his face going pale.
“Can you bring them to our room after you’re done?” says Dale
“No.” says Tony. 
“Let’s get them to do Mad Dog hands?” says Mitch.
“What?” asks Tony.
“If they absolutely have to do anything we say, we tell them that we are going tape Mad Dogs to their hands and they can’t take them off until they finish.”
“Mitch, you’re the man! We can probably get them to clean the room too; can’t be a sexual thing, unless they really want to. You got to be crazy to think that.”
Nestled inside a conference room, stands a small stage, four long bench tables and a podium in the center. At the front of the room is a group of girls dressed in their finest dresses and skirts, looking really sultry and whorish in nature, or Radcliffe classy. There are chairs set up for people to sit facing the stage. Tony and Mitch stand against the back wall because no seats are available. There’s got to be at least two hundred guys and girls there. At the podium, the president of the sorority is getting papers together and ready to start the bidding.
“Welcome gentlemen. And ladies!” says the sorority president.
The audience begins to cheer obnoxiously. Tony and Mitch merely clap, and examine the girls.
“This is the first annual Alpha Sigma Alpha sister auction. Now I want to reiterate that this is in no way sexual. And you only get the girls for 24 hours. That’s really it. Let’s start the bidding. “
The crowd erupts again.
Two sorority sisters stumble across the stage, already wasted. Both in where short black dresses, one is tall the other short, both have blonde hair. Tony looks over at Mitch and smiles.
“I hope you brought your wallet,” says Tony.
Mitch pulls it out, opens it for Tony, revealing several crisp bills. So fresh you can almost smell the tree from which they came from.
“Alright our first two ladies are a pair, they are Beth and Tina. They both, obviously enjoy to party and know how to have a great time”-
“$20!” shouts Tony with his hand raised.
“I hear $20, how about $30?” says the president.
“$30!” shouts a random voice from the crowd.
“$50!” says Tony, looking around for whoever is trying to out bid him.
“Ok $50, do I hear $60? Going, once, going twice, sold the long haired guy in the back!”
Mad Dog drinks are getting duct taped to two sorority girls’ hands by Tony. Mitch is trying to tidy up the room a bit, but dirty clothes are piled by the opened window to air out and their small metal trash can is overflowing. 
“I don’t want both hands,” Beth giggling.
“Me neither. This is a poor black man’s drink,” says Christina.
“Why’s it got to be a race thing? Shut up and drink. We bought you remember,” says Tony
“Wait they still have a room to clean, right?”
“Yes, you are right. Let’s start there.”
“Why do you have trash bags on your bed?” asks Christina smugly. “This room is disgusting.”
“That’s none of your business. They’re my bed sheets,” answers Tony.“Alright, look, we seem to have gotten started off on the wrong foot here. I’ll tell you what; we have four mad dogs here. Out of the kindness of my heart and liver, I’ll tape two to my hands and you two get just one each. Deal?
“Sure you want to do this?” Mitch whispers to Tony.
“Fuck it. Why not?”
Tony gets the girls to tape the Mad Dogs to both of his hands. The girls start randomly picking things up and throwing some things away. Tony holds his hands up for someone to open one of his drinks. Mitch obliges. 
“Hey, one of our friends from this other frat is having a birthday party; kind of a 80s birthday party. I think we should all go,” says Beth.
“I’m obviously ready but, well we got to get Cinderella over here ready for the ball,” says Tony, motioning to Mitch who isn’t in the room anymore.
“What do you mean, we are already dressed up,” says Christina again with smugness. 
Beth sits down on Mitch unmade bed to get off her heels for a minute. She crosses her legs and her short black dress rises up and reveals that she has no panties on. 
Tony cannot take his eyes off.
Mitch finally walks back into the room.
“Dude, she has no panties on,” he whispers to Mitch.
“What? Are you serious?”
“The tall, blonde one. No panties. Look,” he says motioning cautiously. Her vagina is more evident then before. Shaved, clean and tan.
“Oh my God, dude.”
“I have to show Bryan and Dale, hold on.”
Tony exit’s the room quickly and turns down the hallway and into a full on sprint. He reaches Bryan and Dale’s room, peaks his head in and is completely out of breath.
“Dude, I have to show you something, come see this,” says and exhausted Tony.
“What up?” asks Dale, sitting at his desk staring at his laptop.
“You wouldn’t believe it if I told you let’s go.”
Dale gets out of his chair quickly, while poor Bryan fights to get out of his bed. There is a small bucket by the head of the bed.
Tony has already taken off back to the room. Dale catches up quickly while Bryan walks slowly. 
Tony gets to his door first then stops and waits for Dale and Bryan. Dale comes first, with an unsure expression on his face. Bryan struggles to stand up straight as the pain is making him double over.
“Ok before we go, I have to fill you in. Whatever you see, don’t make a big deal out of it.”
“You bought a girl didn’t you?” asks Bryan through his teeth.
“Why do you have Mad Dogs taped your hands your hands?” asks Dale.
“I like to party. You’ll be glad I did this for you guys!” says Tony.
The door opens to-
“YAY! You’re back,” yells Beth.
Dale and Bryan smile.
“Yeah I just wanted my boys to join in on the party. This is Bryan and this is Dale,” says Tony motioning to them both. 
Tony walks to Mitch small refrigerator and gets them both a beer.
“Look at that one. Just look at her legs,” Tony whispers in Bryan’s ear.
Bryan stares as Beth crosses her legs again. Bryan’s mouth is a gape. 
“So you’re coming out with us tonight right?” says Tony. “Funny how the pain just evaporates.”
Bryan just nods his head, almost in a trance.
Beth notices Bryan staring at her crotch, gets uneasy, and pulls her skirt down.
Tony raises his arm and chugs one of the Mad Dogs in one monstrous gulp. Everyone looks at him in awe. He wipes his mouth with the same arm and throws the other drink to his face and over fills his stomach. The wonder in the girls faces immediately turns to repulsion.
Everyone is stumbling down the street, drunk and laughing. The girls swing back and forth putting their arms around the guys as they all walk. They aren’t the only ones out. The streets are alive with humanity. The roads are slick having just been rained upon. The temperature is dropping rapidly. 
Outside of a seemingly well put together frat house, Beth knocks on the door and almost falls over from laughing so hard.  Tony is gnawing away at the tape on his hands to rid himself of the Mad Dog bottles.
A dude opens the door, recognizes Beth and Christina and invites them all in. he is a muscular guy with tattoos crawling up his neck, several piercing’s in his eye brows and nose and a faux hawk. He is skeptical about the guys coming in, but they could care less and push through.
“That dude was grilling you hard man. He either wanted to fuck or fight you,” Tony says to Bryan.
“He’s a clown.”
“You should go tell him that,” advises Tony.
“I know that dude; actually, he is a fucking clown. I’ll go tell him, watch.”
Tony stands by the counter in the kitchen and watches Bryan walk up to the brother and they have an inaudible conversation. Bryan is doing his best Lyndon Johnson close talk impression. The brother looks uncomfortable as Bryan keeps mouthing the word ‘clown’. The brother starts to laugh and walks away leaving Bryan defeated. 
Tony notices a cake on the counter that no one is touching. A fully decorated cake. Tony starts pulling drawers open until he finds what he is looking for. A fork. Tony starts digging into the cake without a care in the world.
“Excuse me?” says an unfamiliar feminine voice from behind him.
Tony doesn’t acknowledge.
“UM, HELLO. EXCUSE ME,” shouts the girl wildly.
“What woman? What! What! What?!” says a perturbed Tony.
Tony turns around and sees the girl for the first time and isn’t impressed at all.
“That’s my fucking cake! I baked it for my friend!” says the girl angrily.
“It’s really good. Excuse me.”
Tony gives the cold shoulder and turns back to the cake and eats again.
“What are you doing man? That’s her cake!” says Mitch.
“I’m taking her cake and eating it too. Besides, she needs no cake. Look,” says Tony motioning to the girl. His words are starting slur deficiently.
“There’s a late night at Kappa Sig. The girls have disappeared,” says Mitch
“Where’d they go?”
“Upstairs.”
“I see. That was quick wasn’t it? I can’t see straight.”
The stairs to the basement of the Kappa Sigma house are steep and covered in beer and piss which flows to the floor. Tony, Mitch, Bryan and Dale carefully walk down the stairs. Tony is doing is best to make every foot land properly, but he slips and has to kept upright by Mitch. Beer is served right at the door and in the middle of the floor girls are scantily dressed and dancing dirty with other girls and guys. The bass is pounding so hard from the speakers it is disrupting everyone’s heart rhythm.  The boys grab beers and start pounding. Beth and Christina have made their way here and start yelling for the boys to come in the middle of them and their friends to start dancing. 
“Being with chicks like this makes me feel like a rock star,” yells Tony whose voice can barely be heard over the music.
“You are a rock star,” shouts back Bryan sarcastically.
“I want to hear you sing,” says Beth.
“What?” shouts Tony.
“I want to hear you sing,” shouts Beth.
“Oh not tonight, I’m too hammered!”
“That’s when you’ll be at your best,” says Bryan.
Tony stands there as Christina and Beth walk over to a friend of theirs in the frat. He signals for Tony to walk over there. Tony stumbles over to him.
“You want to sing dude?” says their friend.
“Sure why not, fuck it.”
“Come over here and pick.”
Tony flips through a book of CD’s and pulls one out and hands it to the guy.
“Track number one man.”
“Hell yeah you got it, bro. Nice choice.”
Another frat guy hands Tony the microphone and says, “Knock ‘me dead, kid.”
Tony looks around, throws his head back and his mouth opens. No one at the party notices him. They are unmoved. Tony stands there motionless in the chaos. The frat guy slowly grabs the microphone from him without him noticing. Tony looks for Beth and Christina but they are lost in the crowd, as is Mitch, Dale and Bryan. They must have left. 
Tony walks back to the piss covered stairs and exits the basement. The temperature has dropped drastically. His breath is thick as it escapes his lungs. The only sounds around are that of crickets.
“Here man, take this. I don’t want it,” says a partygoer frightening Tony.
After gathering his nerves he blurts, “I don’t want your fucking book bag. Get the fuck away from me.
“Just take it.”
 The book bag guy drops the bag at Tony’s feet and runs off. He stares at the book bag and unzips it to find a case of unopened Natural Light cans. 
“Jackpot.”
Tony cracks the top of two cans and double fists the beers only adding to his inebriated state of mind. Tony lifts the bag and starts walking home and is stumbling everywhere. All the booze has caught up. He can’t remember how to get back to the dormitory. The rain starts to pour violently. He opens another beer. Tony passes random building and can’t make out any familiar landmarks. 
He stumbles into concrete some concrete steps. He grabs at the thin steel rails in the middle of the steps. He swings himself to the top of the stairs and slams into the metal door of a brick building. Tony takes his drivers license out of his wallet and swipes it in the locked door. He can barely stand and is swinging on the door handles trying to stay upright.
Blue lights appear and a siren screams. An officer steps out of his patrol car, flash light in hand, and shines it on Tony.
“Sir, can I help you?” asks the officer.
“She went in here,” Tony slurs.
“What are you trying to do here? Have you been drinking, sir?”
“The girl went in here, can you get her? I just want to talk to her.”
“This is archives sir. No one lives here. I’m going to ask you to come with me.”
The officer grabs Tony by the arm which he pulls away viciously causing him to fall down the concrete stairs. As the officer comes down the stairs, Tony comes back to his feet swaying.
“Fuck your mother,” he shouts, flipping the officer two middle fingers and laughing.
“GET ON THE FUCKING GROUND, SIR!”
The officer pounces on Tony, throws on the ground, and puts cuff on him.
Tony is walking along another dirty, dingy Radcliffe street. There is a steady rain but nothing strong. The noises from parties have disappeared into the vast black hole. Thick steam rises from the street vents. His breath is thick as if he was exhaling lungs full of smoke. There are faint voices however that seem to be coming from nowhere and everywhere. He sees beer cans and bottles rolling up the street. The leaves are on the trees are swaying from stiff winds, but Tony hears nothing but the faint voices. His view follows the bottles and cans up the street and the voices grow. He is transfixed on an object: a man or being. The being is walking towards Tony with a quick pace. Tony can’t make out much from the distance but the steps are getting quicker but choppier. The first detail he sees, dirt, mud. The being’s clothes are covered in it. The voices grow louder. His heart is pounding like a double bass drum. The next feature, long, dirty hair. His hair is frozen hard from the cold. The man draws closer. The voices get louder. And louder. The man is talking within himself. The man does not notice Tony. Tony cannot move. The steps quicken. The voices grow loud. The decibels are unnerving. Tony grimaces. He grinds his teeth. The man is feet from him. The voices are so loud they are incomprehensible. He is here! He passes through Tony as if he was invisible. Silence. Tony is awestruck and in shock. He stand motionless, his mouth is slightly open. A light wind shakes his hair. It is so silence he can finally hear the clicking and clanking of the aluminum beer cans. He can hear the hollow rolls of the glass bottles. He here the leaves dance. He hears the chain linked fences from an unknown yard rattle. He turns around slowly. At ease. There is the being! A monster! Tony is staring at the monster: himself. The monster is seething through sharpened teeth. The monster slowly starts to wrinkle. First around the eyes, then lips. The bandana beings to fray and slowly fall to the dampened ground. His mud covered hair begins to grow. It becomes scraggily with patches of gray. His cheeks begin to suck into his face. A beard grows but is so coarse and scraggily you can still see his skin. His eyes begin to sow shut. He brutally tears at his eyes in pain only to leave scratch marks. They are fused shut. His rock and roll clothes have turned into a brown trench coat. His faced is getting older, more weather beaten. His nose is wide and long, the tip hanging to the top of his upper lip. His stench is unbearable. 
Tony is engrossed and entrapped in the monster’s aura. He takes a step closer, almost examining this man. The man slowly raises his head without much effort. At the top of his stance opens his mouth extremely wide. Wide enough to swallow Tony’s head. He is looking as if he dislocated his jaw like a hungry serpent. The monster lets out a silent scream blowing Tony’s hair back and quickly astray. Tony can only grab his ears and cringes. He grabs so hard is begins to slowly rip them off his head. Tony falls to his knees. Bowing to the monster.



II



Tony is trying to put the pieces together. He appears to have blacked out. He scratches his eyes and rubs his headache and tries to figure out what happened and why he is in jail.
He notices he is staring out of a small window in the heavy door of his jail cell. It is affectionately called the drunk-tank for this reason in particular. The floor space is empty minus a small, half circle reception desk and a row of pay phones with stools in front of them. A uniformed officer sits behind the desk at his computer.
Tony sees cops walk by and begins beating on the door screaming at cops as they walk by.
“Hey! Hey, man? Where am I at?” he pleads.
The cops walk by without notice.
He has blood all over his white button up shirt, which also torn. His fingertips are covered in black ink. He whips his dick out and pisses on the floor, not two steps from the toilet. He sits on the small concrete block by the toilet and stares at it, satisfied.
He gets back up and walks back the window and looks out again. He can see other people looking out their windows as well in their cells. 
There is screaming and yelling from across the hall. Someone is beating on their door. He gets no attention either. Next the arrested individual runs into the door. He does so again, his body splattering quickly into his window and door then onto the floor. The officer at the reception desk picks up the phone and calls for back up. He gets up, grabs his night stick and goes to the cell. 
“You better calm the hell down there before I come in there and beat the ever loving shit out of you,” yells the officer, so loud Tony can hear is from across the large hallway and behind his own door.
From the right of Tony’s vision, he notices an extremely large man strut to the cell door. His face is hidden behind a large cowboy hat. The officer hands him his walkie-talkie. The large man says something into it and walks away from the cell with the officer leaving the man inside his cell to beat himself. The badge the large man’s leather vest reads ‘Sheriff.’  They walk across the hallway to where Tony’s cell is located. They pass they door but stop outside the door outside of Tony’s vision.
“Give the idiot his belt and shoe laces back,” says the Sheriff in a deep voice.
“Sir, this guy is loaded with PCP, he may kill himself,” says the officer.
“That’s alright. Just have one of the interns do the paperwork for you. I will take care of the rest.”
“Yes sir.”
The officer walks back to the desk and opens a drawer with the crazy man’s belonging and walks to his door. He finds a key from the key chain on his belt and opens the door. Tony can only hear the screaming. The officer comes out of the cell and put his night stick back in its holder and comes across the hallway back to Tony’s room grabbing at his keys again. He walks in.
“Want to make your phone call? God damn son, you piss on the floor?” the officer asks disgusted.
“Yep.”
“Come on. Let’s go.”
The officer hand cuffs Tony and leads him out of the cell to the phones in the middle of the hallway. He rubs his eyes to hard he is practically tickling his brain. He cannot call his mother, she would die. He picks up the phone, holding it against his head then hangs it back on the receiver. The officer grabs him up by the shoulders, leads him back to his cell and throws him in, slamming and locking the door behind him.
“Sober up,” yells the officer as he peels away from the door.
Tony sits up and feels the wetness of his own piss on his back.
The Dean of Student’s office is covered in Phoenician blinds. The large white letters on the door spell out ‘Dean of Students Dickson.’ The secretary outside the door is a graduate student and is filing her nails, bored. 
Tony is sitting on a small wooden bench in the waiting room in front of the secretary. The door to the office cracks open and the secretary cocks her head back and to the left motioning for Tony that the Dean is ready to see him. 
Tony struts into the office to see the Dean sitting at his desk with an opened file. Tony looks around the office and cannot see one space of white wall, or any colored wall. They are covered in plaques and awards; whether it is for community service or charitable work. He also has his degrees framed. He looks up at Tony and extends his hand across the desk. They shake. The Dean grips firmly and slightly throws Tony hand back at him. Tony does take notice of it and stares back at the Dean. Tony sits down in the cushy leather chair and bounces around, breaking it in. he smells the scent of Pledge or Lode English. He looks back at the desk and can see his reflection on the mahogany. He wipes his right middle finger across the desk. Not one dust mite to be seen.
“Hello, Mr. - umm”
“Call me Tony.”
“Alright well I am going to start by reading the charges to you. How are we doing to day?”
“No hangover, so far so good. And yeah, well, I don’t remember anything that happened that night, so whatever. 
“Ok well I do have listed here a drunk in public and an endangering conduct.”
“What the hell is endangering conduct? I wasn’t endangering anybody. I just wanted to go to bed.”
“Endangering conduct is when, at anytime, you could hurt, endanger, someone else or yourself. And I have here that you were looking for a girl in the archives building?” The Dean says with a puzzled look.
“Well maybe not my bed, but definitely somebody’s.”
“Do you not have any morals at all?”
“Morals are bound in cages of perspective. It is impossible for you to understand and/or comprehend the fundamentals ways in which my people and I act. Everything is permitted and nothing is limited. What you may call reckless I call independence; a strong and measured, independence. ”
“Ok I am going to make this quick. My ruling is that you attend the alcohol awareness course for the drunk in public. And a $300 dollar fine for endangering conduct. Four weeks of conduct probation. Also I would like you to talk to someone about your alcohol or drug problem. We have an on site psychologist here at the university who loves dealing with, umm, people like yourself.”
“The last thing I want is for you to sympathize with the danger of dangers you think I may put myself in I’m young, man. I just want to party, have a good time. This is freedom. Do my own thing in my own time. Dig?”
“I’m sorry son, but there are rules and regulations, I have to follow them just as much as you. Now if you want to live outside the rules or laws of this institution, I’ll see to it that you will not ever step foot, not only on the grounds of this university, but any other. I have that power. I will use it. In case you didn’t take notice, there are a lot of changes that are being made not only by this office, but by the city itself. Wake up. Good day, sir. Get out of my office.”
“Well it has been nice meeting you. I will show myself out the door.”
They stare each other down as Tony rises from his chair walks to the door covered in Phoenician blinds.
The darkness of night shadows the view of the University from Tony’s window. Mitch is lying in his bed ready for the night, flipping through channels on his small TV positioned at the foot of his bed so only he can see. Tony is getting ready in the bathroom.
“I meant to ask you how your date with the dean went?” ask Mitch.
“That guy is a dick. I have to take some stupid class or talk to a counselor or something I don’t know. Whatever it is I’m not doing it,” says Tony.
“Have you told your mom?”
“No. Confidentiality. She won’t ever know.”
“I think you should tell them. Oh, dude how much more stuff do you need to get from your room.”
“Nope. I have everything I need.”
“Well, you definitely need sheets. I bet them garbage bags are comfortable at night. That kind of embarrassed me when that chick asked.” 
“They keep me warm. And they’re not yours, don’t get embarrassed.”
Mitch walks in the bathroom and sees Tony, with his deer knife, stabbing his legs.
“What in the hell are you doing!” Mitch screams.
“My jeans need more holes. Besides how cool would it be with a few blood stains?”
“Give me knife are you crazy? Have you lost your damn mind?”
“No, not all, I’m ok.”
Mitch grabs the knife from Tony, places it in his desk drawer and slams it shut.
Tony walks out of the bathroom behind Mitch. Nonchalantly and sprays body spray on himself, so much so that a thick cloud forms around him, causing him to cough and wave the air around.
“Tonight I’m going out with the sole purpose of getting laid. If not then I’ll drink away my sorrows. Then finish of with some good doobs.”
“Well while you’re at it, throw some girls my way.”
Mitch walks to his closet and grabs a coat. Tony just has a small white under shirt under his tight rock and roll shirt. They both walk out the door together.
“Dude, have you talked to Bryan? He sounded like hell,” says Tony.
“Yeah he told me he wasn’t going out tonight, said his stomach still hurt.”
“Shit, throw a party in his face and he’ll cheer right up.”
After getting to Bryans door the open the door and peek inside and see that Bryan is curled up in his bed, covers drawn, pale and sickly looking. All the lights are off and there’s a bucket by the head of the bed. Empty. 
“Holy shit dude. You look like fuck. Maybe you should go to the ER,” Mitch suggests.
Bryan bellows out a deathly moan.
“Damn. Let’s go, he’s not coming out,” seethes Tony.
Bryan remains unresponsive.
“Alright man, we’re heading out. I hope you feel better man,” says Tony waving his arm and hand bye.
He shoots Bryan a demonic look. Mitch and Tony leave. After they’ve shut the door and take a few steps the door opens and Bryan emerges.
“Fuck it, what’s one night?” Bryan says in a cracked voice.
Tony smiles and nods, Mitch shakes his head.
“That’s my boy!” proclaims Tony.
“You’re going to kill someone one day.”
As Tony, Mitch and Bryan walk down the street they are greeted with more sights and sounds of University night life. People are filling the dead leaf-covered lawns and loud music, laughing, yelling ejaculate from the doors and windows. Big muscular guys are outside as faux bouncers, trying to look tough. They stumble towards the steps of the Rugby House and walk through the already opened door. The place is overly crowded. Mitch runs off to go upstairs Tony and Bryan continue to the back in search of beer dodging and weaving through the dancing crowd. They find a large broken freezer filed with cans of beer and bags of ice to keep them cold.
“Shotgun,” asks Bryan
“Fucking aye. Got your keys?” 
Bryan pulls out his key chain with an assortment of keys. He pokes holes in his and Tony’s beer. 
“Cheers.” 
They poke a key into their cans and pop the tops, slamming their heads back chugging the beers. Bryan wins. 
“I hate you,” says Tony wiping his face.
In the back corner of the kitchen, there are two girls, short and hippie looking, conversing and constantly looking over at the Tony and Bryan. Both the same size, but one larger breasts and doesn’t have a manly disposition.
Tony spots them and nudges Bryan and points over to them saying, “Free love?” The girls notice come forth smiling.
“Oh wow. I love your hair, man,” says the one who looks like a man.
“Thanks. I grew it myself,” says Tony.
“Straightened it himself too,” jokes Bryan giggling.
“That’s hot, dude,” again coming from the ugly one.
“What’s your name, love?” asks Tony of the more attractive one.
“Emily,” she says. “Don’t worry about me, I’m babysitting her. She’s the crazy one. Her name is Ashley”
“We’ll let Bryan watch that while I watch you.”
“Original.” 
Tony is aggravated by her lack of interest in him. Emily looks around the party and can’t seem to find her friend Ashley. Bryan has disappeared also.
“Well how about that?”
“She does this every night. You would think I would know better.”
“Yeah, yeah Bryan too. Can I get you something else to drink?”
“Sure. Don’t get excited. I’m just thirsty.”
As they walk over to the freezer full of beer, Tony sees Bryan and Ashley, through the yellow stained mirror, outside smoking cigarettes. 
“Hey, there they are,” Tony says to Emily, pointing outside.
Tony opens Emily’s drink and hands it to her; like a gentleman. They step through the rickety storm door and walk over to Bryan and Ashley, who aren’t really smoking cigarettes.
Tony lights one for himself, then one for Emily. She accepts. He smiles at her. He is slowly chipping away at the ice queen. 
“Is that what I think it is?” asks Tony.
“Sure is,” says Bryan, already stoned. He hands Tony the joint he rolled and he takes a couple long hits, causing Bryan some dismay, before giving it back.
In the distance, walking along the back sidewalk, come Mitch, obviously trashed, stumbling and swaying back in forth.
“Ice luge. 5 of them. I’m definitely going to get mono,” slurs Mitch
“I have a very unique talent,” announces Ashley to the crowd.
“No you don’t,” says Tony, hoping this might make her stop talking.
“Come man, you know you need to make nice with the dumb, ugly friends if you want to make real nice with the hot one,” says Mitch still slurring and now laughing.
“Please. Not here,” says Emily.
“Now I am very curious,” says Tony
“I can take my panties off without taking my jeans off, man,” says Ashley slowly.
“What? Are you fucking serious? That is a fantastic talent. You should really be proud of yourself. C’mon you have to do it! Show us!” 
“Yeah, man. Why not,” she says as she twists and contorts her lower body and shoving her hand down her pants and working herself.
Emily stands beside Tony. He’s putting his arm around her. She’s getting a little drunk and doesn’t really care anymore.
Finally, after a few minutes of working, she pulls out a blue thong with a Superman emblem on the crotch. 
Bryan immediately grabs them, sniffs them, and runs off screaming “I’m going to put them on dude!”
“Dude, I fucking dare you, man. You should run the halls with the thong on!” advises Tony.
“No I have a better idea. I am going to put them on and run around the halls. That’ll really screw with some peoples head’s.
“Everybody is full of great idea’s tonight, I love it,” says Tony.
“I really don’t know if I want to see that,” says Emily.
“When are you ever going to see a flabby eighteen year old college kid run around the halls of a dormitory wearing only a blue Superman thong? I am sorry man but this is too good to miss,” says Ashley.
“Well let’s go. I’m pumped up!” exclaims Bryan who takes off running back to the dormitory. 
Tony, Mitch, Emily and Ashley start running behind him.
Everyone is outside Bryan’s door waiting for him to emerge. There’s an excitement building.
“Do you really straighten your hair or does it naturally fall like that?” asks Emily.
“There is nothing natural about this man,” says Mitch slurring.
“No I don’t straighten at all. I brush it and wash it extensively however,” says Tony. “Sometimes I actually wash it in beer.”
“Really, that’s”-
 Bryan explodes out of the door, running Emily over in the process. Tony laughs at her.  Bryan has commenced running down the hallway with the Superman thong covering his birthday suit. He is also wearing his cowboy boots. Ass and skin flab are flopping everywhere. Everyone is laughing hysterically as he completely runs all the way down the hall and disappears. As all are on the floor laughing on the verge of vomiting, people are coming out of their rooms looking to see what the disturbance is, and as they ask…
“I’m streaking! Faster than a speeding bullet! Stay out the way of this locomotive. Whoooo!” yells Bryan
The small crotch with the Superman logo can’t hold back his balls from falling out of the side and flopping everywhere. Disgusted noises from some and laughter from others spread throughout the hallway until he runs into his room and slams the door. 
Just a second later a loud scream is heard from the room which causes Tony and Mitch to run in. They see Bryan curled up in a ball by the toilet in extreme pain.
“I need to go to the hospital. Call an ambulance. My stomach is ripping apart,” he cries out excruciated. 

Mitch, Dale, and Tony are sitting in an emergency room waiting room. They all have serious looks on their faces.
“He is going to get some ridiculous pain medication. Like he might get Percocet or Vicodin or something good,” says Tony.
Mitch looks over at Tony with an extremely disgusted face.
The nurse walks out of the ‘Patients Only’ Door with a chart in her hand, signaling that they were allowed back to see him.
Tony peeks in every door he passes. Maybe he would see someone on the verge of dying. With every passing door he sees nothing but empty beds, perfectly made.
They reach a room at the end of the long hallway of rooms. The nurse opens the door and lets them in. Bryan is high on a Morphine drip. He is finally smiling and pain free.
“You going to be alright?” asks Dale. 
“They think it may be colitis,” says Bryan softly.
“Is that why you’ve been sick?” asks Tony.
“Umm, yeah, that it is exactly why I’ve been sick. But they also aren't sure. Tests were inconclusive.”
“I don’t think your naked run helped. But damn it sure was funny.” 
“I’m glad to see you’re doing well though, man. This is serious shit. You know we’re here for you whenever you need anything.”
“I know what we’re going to need once you leave here.”
“This man is lying up in a hospital bed after surgery and all you can think about is drugs.”.
“I didn’t say anything, man.”
“We’ll all have a good time once I get out of here,” says Bryan.
“A little sympathy,” says Mitch, who can only shake his head in disappointment.
“You need your rest man. Y’all ready to go? We’ll be back up to see you. You’re mom called too, she’ll be up tomorrow,” says Dale.
“You called my mom? What the hell is the matter with you? Yeah I think it is time for you leave. Dammit.”
Mitch and Dale exit the room. Tony stays behind. Bryan has turned his head over on the pillow, to get back into his morphine induced sleep. Tony looks at him trying to somehow feel guilty or responsible for this. After a moment, a thought of the fun they’ll have when he gets out with all those pain killers erases his almost synthetic remorse.
Tony and Mitch, lit cigarettes in hand, are walking out towards Mitch's beat up car which has been parked in a reserved parking lot over night. He chooses to do this out of pure laziness. They have a tennis class together this morning.
“You're not going to believe what my mom told me last night,” humbles Tony.
“What’d she want?"
“Well you know how Russell Gettis died a few days ago? Choked on his own vomit right? So many stories going around it’s hard to know what’s true."
"Still sad though."
"Yeah. Sure. Well, what my mom told me was that they went to the viewing yesterday."
"Ok."
"And she said when she saw his dead body in the casket, she started crying."
"You fucking serious?"
"Yeah. I don't know what it is about her ya know. She thinks I'm going to die soon," snickers Tony. 
Tony thinks of his Mom, dressed in all black, slowly walking to the casket. Whimpering and sniffling are heard in the background. She peers inside and sees his lifeless body. Skin ghostly and eyes purple. The worst part of the vision is that his dressed in a tuxedo and bald.
Tony's mind retreats from his dreaded vision of his baldness and sees Mitch’s mouth is agape.
"You know, you can throw the biggest party in the world, but nothing brings people together quite like death," professes Tony as he continues down the road.
"Well keep living like you are. Your party will be soon enough."
Mitch then looks over at his red Corolla and sees a parking ticket. He rips it from his windshield and another is sneaking behind it.
"Fuck, man. Never again, that’s $200 this year just on parking tickets," Mitch screams.
He takes the ticket of the windshield, opens his car door and puts the ticket on the center consol with a few other tickets. Also filling his truck are old water bottles, a soccer ball (which he hasn’t used all semester) beer cans, fast food bags and old cigarette wrappers.
A group of kids are sitting down beside the tennis courts. Mitch and Tony are sitting side by side. They’re taking a test.  
"Are you fucking kidding me? A test? I didn’t sign up for this class for tests. I signed up for an ‘A’!" whispers Tony. Just show me how to hit the ball. Put someone else on the other side of that net to hit it back. That’s it. Human pong. Shit. I don’t need to know what a ‘love’ is. I hate love. If you score stand here on this hash mark. If he scores you stand here on this mark. I just like hitting the damn ball over the fence. That’s it. That’s it!
"HEY! yells the tennis teacher.
The students turn and look. 
"Shut the hell up.”
Mitch is laughing hysterically. 
"This is ridiculous. Your fucking idea," Tony tells Mitch under his breath. 
The evening has darkened the sky. Tony and Mitch are outside on Tony's 'show stage' in front of Morelit Hall. There are other students outside throwing football and Frisbee. Others are sitting on blankets reading, talking with friends. Also on the stage area there’s a group of students smoking out of a hookah. 
"I think your mom said she was coming up here today? Tony tells Mitch, who upon hearing this is startled then offended.
"What did you say?" asks Mitch
Tony shrugs his shoulders. "Yeah man, she said she is bringing you winter clothes. I told her she should’ve packed your winter clothes because it is always cold here. She got upset. She thought I was questioning her motherhood."
"I feel so sick right now. I feel dizzy." 
Tony pulls Mitch's cigarettes from his pocket and hands him one. Mitch slowly lefts it to his lips and lights it while staring at Tony. Tony also grabs a cigarette from Mitch's pack even though his are in his pocket.
"Come on man. Let's go back inside and wait for her to get here," calmly proclaims Tony. 
Mitch is showering while Tony is sleeping on his bed staring towards the TV soaking in his numbness. 
"Fuck I forgot a towel. Can you hand me one? shouts Mitch from the shower. His request falls miserably upon Tony's deaf ears.
"Can you hand me a mother fucking towel please, you selfish bastard!"
That call awakens Tony. 
"Sorry. I am surprised you even showered. The towels are all wet."
"What the fuck. How in the fuck do we not have clean towels?"
"Because you fucking use one then put them in the dirty clothes."
"Yeah that’s what you’re supposed to do. After I get out of the shower and dry off I throw the towel in the dirty clothes. It’s fucking dirty that’s where it goes. Shit!"
"Why don’t you just use one towel for like a week, and then wash it at the end of the week. I mean be honest; you take a shower to get clean. When you get out of the shower you’re clean. I hope. So how does that constitute the towel being dirty after you use it the one time?"
"That’s just gross. A towel is like a once-it’s-used-it’s-fucking-dirty item. Luckily for fabrics, they can be washed and dried. That still doesn’t explain why we can’t do any fucking laundry around here! Son a bitch!"
"And why are you so worried about a clean damn towel anyways. I sleep with garbage bags and sometimes face down in ditches. I do just fine for myself"
Mitch laughs. "Yes. Yes, you do.”
“I think she wants to meet us at McElroy’s. She says it’s good but I don’t know how she would know.” 
Tony puts his usual attire on and walks out of the bathroom where there is a waiting meet at the door with his keys. 
The car ride was tense. Tony oblivious and Mitch strangling the wheel with sweating palms and white knuckles. Every turn in the car is over exaggerated and sharp on a dime sending Tony flying across the vehicle and smacking his head against the passenger side window. Mitch, of course, is wearing his safety belt. 
“Dude, are you alright? Why are you taking the long way?” Tony questions while rubbing his head.
“Don’t worry about it,” Mitch says monotone as he roughly pulls the car through the parking lot and abruptly parks throwing Tony into the windshield. 
McElroy’s is an old fashioned fifties burger joint. The smell of the grille fills the air and once inside the smells of ice cream and milkshakes churns the pangs of hunger even more. Once inside the door, Tony sees the looks and is enjoying the consternation he is getting by conservative older folk trying to recapture their youth or memories. They stare at him. Fear in the eyes of some and other looking at him as if the food is settling wrong. Just as they sit down, Mitch’s mother Julia walks through the door, cigarette and long cigarette holder in hand in the air, which could have been made from a human finger. She struts a pompous strut, standing tall. Her hair is the afterbirth of a bob and a mullet, dyed red. Her bangs curl and end about two inches from the beginning of her scalp. Her cherry apple, blood red lip stick is smeared around her mouth. Her black pea coat is short and ends at her waist which is thin but her ass in huge. She isn’t wearing a shirt underneath it. Her dress shirt falls just short of her knee, panty hose black and ripped. Tony also notices she isn’t wearing any shoes and has a dried black carnation pinned to her lapel. 
“You haven’t been partying too much have you?” she says with a smile and a faux Pre Classical Hollywood accent.
“Wow, don’t you look acerbically stunning,” Tony proclaims as he stands with his arms out hoping for a hug. She walks by and sits down on the ripped, red leather booth by the window. The boys follow her. She hasn’t even noticed her son.
“Excuse me, waitress, I will take a vodka and cranberry. It has been a bitch of a day, darling.” 
“So how have you been Tony? Have you been taking care of yourself?”
The waitress walks by and doesn’t even stop.
“Oh you know me. I am still just rockin’ and rollin’.”
“Your classes going good? Keeping your grades up?”
“Oh yeah. The best class I have is Philosophy. I’d much rather be enlightened than preached to. I have started thinking about my life more and don’t even realize it. Have you ever thought about life after death? Sometimes I like to think that I will be immortal. That I can’t be killed. I feel like I will live on everyone’s memory, and live forever. But then sometimes I think when I die, everyone else will too and that maybe the world revolves solely around me.”
“Oh dear boy, you seem to have gone mad.” 
Julia looks around for her drink. Her order has seemingly evaporated. 
“You don’t know the half of it,” chimes Mitch who is staring at the ground. 
“Well who the hell knows where my drink is! I paid damn near $1,000 for this outfit last year. I am not doing that shit again.” Her face is getting red and eyes wild with condescension. “It’ll be coming out of your poor ass,” she shouts to the waitress who ignores her.
Tony is doing his best to hold in his laughter. “So how about some pot, Jules?”
“I can’t smoke that anymore. It affects my acting and study immensely. I am studying to portray Helen of Troy in my next production of Dr. Faustus. This is my third try and I will make sure that the papers will notice. Positively that is. I have been reading and reading and reading. Did you know Kip Marlow was gay and could’ve been the real William Shakespeare? The Bard himself,” she says laughing.
“What does that have to do with the play?” says Mitch heatedly. “You do this every time! How many times are you going to keep working on this one project? When are you going to learn that maybe you aren’t a very good writer. Not knowing who you are doesn’t make it easy to be other people! I can’t take this anymore. I have to leave.” 
Mitch rises from his chair and storms through the front door, pushing it so hard it smacks the outside wall. Tony stares the whole time not understanding where the outburst has arisen. 
A well dressed man walks over to Tony’s table, nervous and constantly looking back at his wife who is both sickened. “Excuse me son, but I would like to tell you that you’re scaring my wife and I don’t think you should be here.” the café has gotten quiet. The patrons have stopped eating and rose from their plates. The manager is standing at the bar slowly wiping down the counter. Julia is still looking around for her drink or the waitress.
“No, no excuse me you impolite stooge. You heathen. I am reconnecting with an old friend. I wouldn’t come to your table and bother you! You can tell your wife she can take your red basket, hamburgers and fries and shove them up your ass and dance around like a mutant caveman for all I care.”
“Old friend? Son there. . .”
“Does it matter who it is? Get away from my table! No one comes to the King’s table and speaks without being spoken to. You and all these old people in this place need to realize I am the new human. You wouldn’t understand because it is beyond your closed mindedness. Open up your eyes and watch as I go further than you all and leave you all behind.”
“My drink is never going to get here. That’s why I hate college restaurants. The waitresses don’t work. They just want a free tip,” declares Julia who slides off the booth ready to leave. 
“I will see her out one night and give her a tip and then some,” quips Tony. Upon hearing this, the well dressed man’s wife gasps in ill horror. “Oh stop, you idiot. How will it make you feel when I say I am going to leave here and do drugs and raze your town to the ground?” 
Tony raises his arms in victory, walking backwards, mule kicking out the door with Julia following, holding her cigarette and hollowed out human bone cigarette holder.
The people are stunned and sickened beyond belief. Then go back to eating as if it didn’t happen.
Candle light flickers around Mitch’s dorm room. The power has blown. The windows are opened and a light gusts of wind slice through the window screens causing the flames to dance around the room. On the floor is an opened case of Budweiser. Tony reaches into the case and takes one, then two, and starts pounding beers while Mitch sits sulking on his bed and his mom digging through a clothe bag.. There is knocking at the door, in walks Bryan, back from the dead.
“Dude, what the fuck is up?  How you feeling?” slurs Tony.
“Man, I’m alive,” says Bryan in a strained and raspy voice.
“Barely. Bring us anything good?”
“Of course. Let’s hit the room up.”
Bryan leads the way out of the room, Mitch following and Tony behind him. As Tony is about to cross the threshold from his room to the hallways, a hand grabs him violently on the shoulder and pulls back into the room. 
“Tony, come here,” says Julia softly
Tony stares into the room as Julia fades back into the room. ”Hey hold on a second I forgot something,” he shouts up to Mitch and Bryan. “What’s up?” he asks Julia.
“You wanted to smoke didn’t you?
“Huh? I didn’t think you did?”
“I got a bowl pack right here. I need to smoke before I get back to the hotel.”
“Um, yeah. I have a piece over here.”
Tony walks over to his closet and gets a shoe box off the top shelf. Inside the box is a homemade bong made from a human skull, stolen from a biology lab classroom. They enjoy a few hits back and forth. They are sitting by the window and blowing the smoke out. Tony’s eyes are blood red and almost closed.
“Tell me your dreams,” says Julia with a chest full of smoke.
“I don’t think you or I want to go there.”
“Everyone has them. I have wanted to be a painter, writer, actor, photographer and taxidermist.” 
“I don’t really want to say it is kind of embarrassing.”
“The only thing embarrassing about dreams is not acting on them.”
Tony picks of the human skull bong and stand up looking out the window. 
“Do you see that out there, through the trees?  He says pointing towards his stage. “I want to perform there. I want to be able to go out there, with thousands of people looking at me, hooked like fish on a line to every word that spits from my mouth. Words and messages of freedom and rebellion. Of life and death. I want to be their leader. The one they look to rise above the filth, the fury. They will chant. They will scream. I will be them and they will be me. We are all one in this you know? I will feed on all of their forgotten thoughts and all of their deepest, darkest desires. A subconscious illusion. I will be the embodiment of what they always wanted to be. The embodiment of the revolution that they want but are afraid to start.” He lifts the human skull bong to his face. Eye to eye. Talking to it. “They need me. I am the one without fear. I am the one who knows the methods that will bring this Institution to its knees. The Institution will be weak and obsolete. Then the institution will look up at me with tears of blood dribbling down its cheek, shaking from a terror it never thought could exist. A terror is works so hard to keep down, keep quiet. Keep in control! And I will look down at the Institution. It will beg me for its life. Its voice cracking.” He is squeezing the jaw of the bong. It breaks. “I will tell the Institution that I will let it live, only long enough to see the new race take the reigns. Then I will set it ablaze. And put the fire out with an ax.”
“And what happens when the people you lead feel they have the strength or courage to challenge the messiah? The battle lines having been leveled.” 
“Then I will have already given them the means by which they can destroy me as well.”
He sends a suspecting look then laughs uncontrollably. 

Tony is stumbling down the hallway. His head is held high. Because he is high, very high. Whatever the old hag had was exceedingly intoxicating and potent. People walk by, see him and just stare. He doesn’t ever acknowledge. He is their leader and too cool right now. His head is in the sky. Tony comes to Bryan’s door and walks in, but no one is there except Dale. Dale looks at him jealous.
“Damn, son. You look high as shit.”
“Yeah. Where’d they go?”
“They? Bryan’s outside. Want to smoke that cig?”
“I sure do.”
Bryan and Mitch are already outside on the brick barrier in the smoking spot behind Morelit Hall, finishing their smokes.
“You look powerful stoned,” says Mitch.
“Yeah bro. I am totally wide open.
“Well I got my own shit, bro,” chimes Bryan.
“Pills?”
“Oh yeah.”
“They good too.”
“Let’s get on it! Why are we wasting time?”
“Already did. I’m feeling good.”
“You selfish bastard.”
“You’re high enough as it is.”
Tony takes a look around. Smiling, oblivious. Enlightened
The creatures of the nighttime world begin crawling about the streets, all with one common goal: getting drunk. Girls are no longer wearing skirts and heels. The substitution is jeans, Ugg boots, and sweaters. But Radcliffes’ girls are the finest, and easiest. Sex drips off them all leaving the scent behind to be tracked by the dogs. The guy’s lust for these girls is so noticeable it is sickening. They follow the girls about helplessly. 
A crowd of people are gathered along the side entrance door. 
“Call that fucker, I’m not paying or waiting in line,” scowls Tony.
Dale pulls his phone out and dials. Suddenly out comes Scheft. Walking like Charlie Chaplin and talking with a lisp. 
“Good thing you guys called, you wouldn’t have gotten in,” says Scheft, lisp and all.
“This dude is always trying make himself more important than he actually is,” Tony turns and whispers to Mitch.
“Yeah, we think he’s a closet queer,” responds Mitch.
“Yes we sure do.”
“Come on guys, lets go downstairs the party just started a few minutes ago,” lisps Scheft.
Tony stares at Scheft’s face, noticing something odd. 
“Are you wearing make-up?” asks Tony.
Sheft looks around at everyone, embarrassed. They are waiting for an answer.
“I have bad acne scars,” he stammers. He quickly leads them down the stairs, which are dark and wet from beer, moisture, piss whatever else.
The basement is big in comparison with others. There are two stations where you can get beer, the left corner of the room on the far side and the right side of the room by the door. 
Girls are dancing in the middle with guys and other girls. The sound waves exit the speakers and flow through the bodies of the partiers. Random people are making out. Beers are being drunk everywhere. 
Tony and his disciples are all tore up. All are chugging their drinks. Then after chugging a few, the shotguns begin. A joint finds its way around, which all smoke except Mitch. Tony notices a group of guys and a couple girls passing around a mirror with a fine white powder. He brazenly walks over to help himself to some. He grabs the little straw from an unsuspecting girl and snorts her line. Then the one beside it. He drops the straw back on the mirror, “Carry on,” he says with a wink and a grin. He walks back to his group who never realized he was gone.

The party is over. Tony and Mitch are walking around the back of Morelit Hall on the sidewalk; Tony’s walk is more of a staggering, hammered styled walk. Laughing at nothing. On the brick barrier by the door are a black dude and a white dude, both smoking a large joint.
“You boys smoke?” calls out the black dude, noticing their condition.
“Fucking aye. Mitch tells this man that’s a really stupid question,” says Tony.
“Try this then, homie,” says the black dude who extends his hand. Without a second’s hesitation, Tony grabs the blunt and takes a huge hit and holds it in for a second. He exhales and the high washes over him like a wave.
“That’s some good shit, huh?” proudly proclaims the black dude, nodding his head and smiling.
“Oh god damn. Wicked.”
They all begin to laugh.
Tony can only stand hunched over with his arms held at 45 degree angles and wrists limp. He can’t move. Vegetating. Still laughing. 
“Yo, where you sleep at?” the black dude calls to Tony.
“Where do I sleep?” he answers nervously. “In my bed.”
“Nah, man, your room number.”
Tony laughs in relief. “301.”
“Word. Let me get your number, here be mines. I always got good shit. Hit me up anytime.”
“You keep getting shit like this; you’ll be in business and in my good graces for along time.”
“Word. Word. We out. Hit me up.”
“Later.” 
Tony is locked in his position. He lit a cigarette but he never took a puff and it’s almost burned out.
“You alright? What the fuck are you doing?” asks Mitch, slightly worried.
“Yeah,” responds Tony, slowly and slurred.
Tony struggles to rifle through his pockets trying to find the missing key card.
“Fuck, how are we going to get in?” Mitch says looking around. “Come on man, let’s go.” 
Mitch starts walking, but Tony isn’t with him. Mitch turns around and sees Tony still slouched over but trying to walk. He’s walking as if his shoes are cinder blocks. He appears to be talking to himself also.
“Come on you asshole, we need to get inside before you get caught and in trouble,” yells Mitch.
Tony stops and can’t hold back his laughter. The sight of Mitch trying to be authoritative is too much.  They continue down the sidewalk trying to find someone to let them in the building. Mitch is still ahead of Tony who is still having a hard time moving and it still at wits with himself. They round the front of the building and Mitch thinks he sees someone at the front desk. Tony tries desperately to jump and wave his arm to be noticed, but gets about an inch of the ground. He isn’t calling for help, he can’t stop geeking out. 
“Dude seriously, be quiet!”
As Tony comes closer to Mitch, he’s sees another hyper active smile, this one on his friends face, sliced on by a serrated blade. Tony stares at his friend, scared. His eyes cut again see if it’s real. He slowly reaches to touch his face when suddenly-
“There’s Ally dude!” says Mitch relieved.
“I did it!” cheers Tony
Ally, a thick, frat girl, walks up to the door to let them in. She isn’t surprised.
Tony stumbles inside as she lets them in. She’s not happy but laughs at his state of being.
“You are always out, why don’t you ever come get me?” she asks.
“Sorry, love, taking one girl out would decimate my game. Got any food?” responds Tony.
“You have no game,” says Mitch displeased. 
They walk upstairs to Ally’s room which is almost completely pink and covered in her sororities slogan, motto. Her roommate, Kathy, is in bed. She had been out earlier. Tony hops in bed with her.
“Get out of my bed, you fucking asshole! You smell like a cigarette.” rips Kathy.
“Where’s the food?” asks Mitch.
Tony finally gets out of bed with a jokers grin.
“You have to leave. We’re about to go to bed,” says Ally who doesn’t really want them to leave.
 “I need a cigarette,” says Mitch. 
“Shit, you know what? Never mind I’m just going to go to bed. Call it a night,” says Tony, rather abruptly. 
Kathy just stares as Tony leaves taking all of his smells with him. 

Tony is in the kitchen making a late night snack. College gourmet: ramen noodles. He notices his hands are shaking and twitching. He thinks nothing of it. As he takes his noodles out of the microwave, he leaves the kitchen he sees Kathy walking down the hall dragging a small blanket behind her.
“Looking for a place to stay?” he asks.
“Yes.”
Tony just nods and leads her into the room. Kathy climbs into Tony’s bed and starts taking off her clothes. Tony hasn’t noticed. 
“So how about a movie?”
Tony turns and sees Kathy naked. Her look of displeasure from earlier is wiped away by her mysterious horniness. 
“I don’t have any.” He undoes his belt and jumps in bed with her. He slowly and sensually creeps up to her. He kisses down her neck. Her chest. Her undefined stomach. He gets home, He screams! Her vagina is covered in buzz saws and razor blades. They hiss and slice. He throws himself into the wall still screaming. 
She is terrified as well. “What’s wrong?” she asks, covering herself back up.
Tony is panting heavily. He tries to call himself down. “I’m sorry. You had buzz saw on your vagina.” 
“What?” she says angry and confused.
Tony begins to laugh. “Oh, it is probably nothing.” He jumps back on top of her.
Tony walks outside and Mitch and Ally are still out there. Bryan has joined also.
“I thought you two were fucking?”
“Who? Us?” asks Bryan, taken back.
“What? No!”
Ally takes a look at Tony, and then her eyes brighten, she has found out something shocking. 
“Uh oh,” she says. “You just slept with someone, didn’t you?
“No. She could only be so lucky. Sorry I am lying yes I did. I railed your roommate.”
“Oh. Good. Because, you know, she’s in my sorority and she sleeps with just about anyone.” 
“So does he,” quickly interrupts Mitch.
“Watch this,” says Bryan, who walks over to Tony and quickly unzips his jacket to expose his pale, sunken in, bare chest. There are also scratches and cuts all over him. “There’s your answer!” he proudly proclaims.
 Tony stands awestruck. Mitch laughs hysterically, and Ally walks back inside pissed off and disgusted. 
“The things you do to yourself,” says Mitch shaking his head.

Tony is looking around in the bathroom for something. He looks scared. Moving with a quickened pace and knocking over everything on the counter top. He pulls out a bottle of mouthwash and acne pads from the cabinet. Tony pours the mouthwash on his penis and it falls into the toilet. He then grabs the pads and starts wiping his shaft. Feeling as though he hasn’t done enough, he finds rubbing alcohol and continues to pour. He soaks cotton balls and starts to wipe. Finally, he grabs a Q-Tip and stares long and hard at it. He dips the cotton end into the rubbing alcohol. He inserts the Q-Tip into himself and lets out a harsh, loud and coarse scream, enough to rip the paint of the walls and shatters the windows. He removes the Q-Tip which has a small trace of blood on the end. He throws it into the toilet and flushes.
He takes a long look at himself in the mirror. He is breathing heavily. His eyes a dark and sunken. His cheek bones are starting to become more evident. His hands are still shaking. He splashes water on his face, wipes his eyes and exit’s the bathroom. 

Tony and Mitch find themselves in their Geology lab, tapping small rocks with a rock hammer.
“That chick won’t even look at you anymore,” whispers Mitch.
“Which one?”
“The one that took you home awhile ago. The one who almost killed you. She won’t even look over here.”
The girl is hard at her lab with her lab partner. 
“Speaking of girls you fuck and don’t talk to again, Kathy’s brother is coming up this weekend. She wants us to show him around town.” 
“She hates me.”
“You think?”
 “I mean, she should’ve known.”
“You never cease to amaze me. I think no matter what, your mind can turn something around and blame someone else for what you have done.”
“She was warned. I fucking told her.”
I’m sure she appreciated that. Even though I know for a fact you said nothing. Regardless, she said he was a cool dude. She’s said he’s bringing some good reefer too.”
“Reefer? Those had to be her words or somehow you a pot head or a cop. Count me out though. I told my mom that I’d come home this weekend to get some clothes. She keeps telling me she wants to visit.
“You won’t let her?”
“Are you kidding me? She’d die. I already feel like I’m wasting her money. She doesn’t need to see what I am. “
“I don’t think her money is the only thing wasting away.”
Tony lets this roll of, almost proud of it. He turns and takes another looks back at the girl who is still working hard with her lab partner.

The water is running in the sink. A powerful snort is heard. Again. Tony lifts his head up and stares into the mirror. His eyes bloodshot. Powder around his nose. He stares at himself in the mirror for awhile looking into his own eyes. He looks down at his body which is starting to change. The tone he had at the beginning of the semester is dwindling away. He splashes water in his face. Looks at himself in the mirror again then leaves. 
Other than noticing the pink walls, Tony did not pay too much attention to Ally and Kathy’s room. It was a typical college girl’s room decorated with pictures of friends, old and new. Clothes scattered about, some clean others dirty. And shoes, damn the shoes are everywhere. There’s a tension in the room as Tony and Kathy share the room together with Mitch and Kathy’s brother, Reese. Tony is getting irritable, while Kathy does homework on her laptop. Tony is standing at the other side of the room with his arms crossed and looking down at the floor.“We’ll be at the bomb shelter,” he mumbles.
“I like that place,” says Kathy without taking her eyes off of her work.
“Let’s go fuckers!” shouts Bryan from outside. 
“Later guys,” says Kathy, again not looking away from her work.
They exit out the door. Tony brings up the rear. They exchange a disgusted look.
“Bye Tony.”
Tony, continues walking away, flipping her off.

The Bomb Shelter is a frat house on light side. The upstairs looks like that of a normal college house, although there is a beer pong table in the small kitchen with rules scribbled all over the wall in permanent marker. When the boys walk in the guy that lives there takes out his pet snake and puts it on the floor and it slithers around scaring people. 
The guys all shotgun a beer and proceed to the down stairs, to the ‘bomb shelter.’ Once downstairs; Tony’s hair gets him noticed, by girls, as always, almost immediately.  They move to get beers. A couple of girls walk up.
“You are out all the time. Your grades have to suck,” says one of the girls. Tony can tell she’s a girl by her voice, but can’t see her from the poor lighting.
“No. I’m a fucking genius,” he responds. 
“I dig your look. Are you in a band?” says a different girl. 
“No doubt, babe. These are the roadies. I’m a rock star, girl. I’ve been arrested and everything.”
The other guys play along with the ruse. 
“Fuck yeah. I’m this man’s roadie no matter what. The man has pipes,” bellows Bryan.
“You sing?” says the first girl. 
“Yep. I’m the fucking King of Oblivion.”
“Do you write you own songs and stuff?” asks one of the girls. 
“Every day. I’m a hell of a writer. I wrote a song yesterday about the first time I got arrested.”
“I want to see!” she says, excitedly.
“Maybe one day you will see and hear it. Then you will live it and breathe it. “
A group of four rocker looking dudes walk by Tony and don’t even acknowledge he is there. These guys are actually in a band. They have on their flannel shirts, skinny black jeans with manufactured holes in the knees, and shaggy hair styled with soft hands. They look to the girls and they look back and smile.
“Oh my god that’s those guys who are playing at BT’s tonight,” says one of the girls. 
“Really?” says the first girl. 
“Yes oh my god let’s go! See you guys.” Says the others. 
“Are you fucking kidding me? Really? Those dudes sounds as plastic as they look. They are just a fashion statement. They are just mannequins styled from a post-grunge emo thrift store.”
Tony watches them go out the door. His look is of anger and jealousy. His hands are starting to shake again and a slight ringing in his ears comes into being. 
The guys are hanging out outside Bryan’s room in the hallway making lots of noise, drunk, laughing.
“You ever seen this shit, man,” says Bryan. He pulls his lighter out and flicks the flame up and holds is under a university flier on the wall. The corner catches flame and then he smacks the flame. The paper sticks to the wall. They look at the paper in stoned amazement.
“That shit is tight.”  He does it again but to a different piece of paper.
“You going to smoke?” says Tony, jittery and anxious.
“No, I’m going to bed. I’ll meet up with you tomorrow.”
Bryan walks to his door but Tony catches him before he gets there.
“Think I can get a few more of them pills man? I ran out before we went out tonight.”
“No I have to get more at the pharmacy Monday.”
“Ok that’s cool, man. Just let me know.”
Bryan enters his room and shuts the room.
Tony stands there unsure of what to do. He walks back down to his room and stops at the door. He pulls his lighter from his pocket and stares at it. He looks at all the colorful, fluorescent fliers festooning the egg white walls.  
“Tony, what the hell are you doing?” asks Mitch cautiously. 
“I think I am going to try that thing Bryan did with the lighter and the flier.”
“No! You will burn the damn place to the ground. 
As soon as Mitch comes at Tony to make him stop, the paper is on fire and catches quickly. The whole paper is on fire. Mitch takes his shirt off and fans the flames. The egg white wall has char residue. 
“Oh man! That could’ve been bad,” says Tony, laughing maniacally.
As they turn to go into the room, the fire alarm begins to ring. The sound is loud and piercing. They cover their ears. Water begins to spray from the ceiling.
“Maybe it’s going to get bad. Fire! Fire!” yells Tony, running and jumping around, still laughing. 
People begin to run out of their room, still drowsy, frightened. Tony leads the way down the stairs. He is still laughing.
“Follow me to freedom!” he says. 
They burst out of the dorm door all at once. People are yelling and screaming in terror. Some are falling to the ground and getting trampled. 
Students who were sleeping are now awake and pissed off and curious. Tony can see through the lighted windows that people are frantically scurrying to the fire exits out of the building. Tony is laughing while Mitch and Reese are a little more scared and understand the situation a little better.
All the students are gathered outside talking and wondering what is going on. The fire alarm is still heard and still piercing. Fire trucks, police cars, and ambulances arrive at the scene. None of the residents are dressed for the night cold. It’s biting and there’s a light drizzle to make matters worse. 
The three guys are huddled together outside. 
“The alarm took forever to go off. I saved a lot of people this evening. Do you think they noticed? For their sake I hope so.” says Tony looking at all of the wet students, shivering. 
“Yeah,” answers Mitch looking down at the ground
“That wasn’t me, man, couldn’t have been me. It-it couldn’t have.”
“You lit the fucking paper on fire!” says Mitch with silent aggression. 
“So did Bryan, man!”
“Shit.” 
“What is going on? I don’t understand. It wasn’t supposed to end this way. There is no resistance.”
The crowd has grown larger now with not only Morelit Hall residents, but other students as well. 
“Does this mean we’re not smoking?” asks Tony.
Tony is lying in bed, hair still wet from the rain and sprinklers that went off in the building. There is a white powder residue on his nose and lips. The trash bag bed sheets are pulled up to his neck. He is shivering or twitching. He begins to mumble to himself, “I didn’t do. I didn’t- I didn’t do it. I really didn’t do it. I d-didn’t do it. I didn’t do. I didn’t- I didn’t do it. I really didn’t do it. I d-didn’t do it. Ha I know I did not do it. It wasn’t me man, it wasn’t me. Ah I knew it was not me, I just knew it,” he says laughing comfortably. 
Tony stands on the stage at night. He is holding an unplugged microphone. He looks around for his people. They are nowhere to be found. He thinks he can hear their voices, their cries, and their pain. He runs down a desolate street looking for them. His feet start to sink into the ground. Deeper and deeper with every step. He sees the lights from the University. It is fading and getting further and further away. He panics, and then looks back and sees the fully formed monster. He has changed. Tony stands in awe. In the middle of the dirty street is a pulverized and bludgeoned monster lying face down, covered in blood, mud, water and bruises. The man slowly attempts to left himself. He cannot. His breathing sounds wheezy and gets louder and louder. Somehow it seems as if an invisible force lifts him underneath his arm pits and to his feet. His head hangs on his chest. He takes his first disjointed step looking like a small calf having just been born. His legs are shaking as he cannot support the weight of his frail body. Blood drips from the pulverized man and onto the street. The street, which is already covered in his blood, is overflowing the vents. Another step. Then another. He comes towards Tony, one shaky and grotesque step at a time. Tony cannot take his eyes off of him. He cannot make out one distinguishable characterization of the face because it is so beaten and swollen. As he gets close enough for Tony to touch him he reaches for him, as if to ask for assistance. Tony’s stomach is tied in knots and flipping around his abdomen. He can feel something rising in his esophagus. Teeth begin falling out of this man’s mouth as he tries to talk. Then he crumbles to the ground at Tony’s feet. His wheezing finally stopped.  The scar begins to ooze blood. He tears at his eyes once more to see. 
Tony tries to run back towards his dorm. His feet still sink into the ground with every step. His dorm is getting further and further away. He reaches his arm to try and grab the University and pull it closer. He panics. He falls to the ground crying. He looks back and the monster has vanished. 



III



Tony shakes and throws off his trash bag bed sheets and slides out of bed still wet from the rain, but he is also sweating and looks feverish. Mitch is sleeping with his eyes open. His eyes follow Henry as he slumbers into the bathroom. He stands looking into the mirror thinking of the monster with the scars. Fear creeps in again. He also thinks of the woman with the buzz saws and administers another dose of rubbing alcohol and Q-Tips to his penis. He yells again. The veins in his neck are bulging. His face is red. 
“Tony what the hell is going on in there? Do you need a laxative? Calls out a groggy Mitch.
“No, no I’m fine.” Tony says in a strained voice. He twists and turns the Q-Tip around inside. Then he pulls it out. He is panting and sweating. He drops it into the toilet and flushes.
The dorm room phone rings. Mitch just lets it ring and ring until the automated message systems picks it up.
He turns his gaze to this mirror. His eyes are bloodshot, face looking old and thin. Although, now his hair, which at one time been his calling, card is looking slightly greasy and tangled. He runs his hands through it. The knots will not let him finish and his hand gets struck. He splashes water in his face, licks his lips and walks out.
Tony comes through the bathroom door to find Mitch sitting on the side of his bed with his head buried in his hands. He looks at him with a lowered brow.
“They want to see us,” Mitch says in a cracked voice.
“Who? And why?”
“The resident advisor and the fire.”
“Why, we didn’t do anything? Remember?” Tony says with conviction.
“The alarm in the hallway is right by our door. I told them we were here and they think it is suspicious that we don’t know anything.”
“That’s monkey shit!”
“I think someone ratted on us. They said they heard me and you bragging about it.”
“What the fuck. We’ll be alright, man. They don’t have shit on us.”
“We meet them this afternoon. They said if we don’t confess they’re getting the law dogs on us. They’re going to make us take a lie detector test. Right now they just want it to be a university thing. They’re coming after me, man.”
“You’re paranoid. Everything will be alright, bro. Just take it easy.” 
Tony is staring into the large windows of the Resident Advisors office. 
Mitch looks to be stating his case as he is throwing his arms in the air emphatically. The Advisor, a woman, and her assistant are not paying a bit of attention to him, frustrating him to no end. Mitch seems to be on the verge of tears. The advisor and her assistant are sitting at a desk, the assistant across from the advisor, with her back turned to Mitch. He walks to the desk and starts pounding his fists. Nothing. He storms around the room, squeezing his forehead with his sweaty palms. His face is red with anger. 
Tony lights a cigarette and walks to the window to get a closer listen. No one can see him but he still cannot hear anything. He notices that Mitch is calming down but still has his jaw and fists clinched. He turns his back to the Advisor and her assistant. They have a one page document and are reading it back and forth to each other, highlighting specific areas. All of the sudden Mitch snaps his head around, yells something obscene and angrily walks out of the office slamming the door and rattling plaques and other walk decorations.
Mitch comes out of the door and joins Bryan and Tony. He is nervous and begins chain smoking. 
“I’m going to say I was involved too man, fuck it,” says Bryan.
“You were, you silly shit,” says Tony pissed off. 
“You’re not bigger than the fucking law and this fucking institution. They got us. We’re going down. We’re going to get kicked out of school,” says Mitch even more pissed off. 
“Well they still, technically, don’t know who did it. Whoever did it needs to be a man and stand up though,” says Bryan.
“They got us. They fucking got us,” whispers Mitch to himself, shaking his head and is continuously smoking cigarette after cigarette.
“Do we just go to her office? What do we do?” asks Tony.
“Yeah. I feel sick, man. I feel anxious and dehydrated. I feel like I’m going to die.”
“I can’t believe all this. You should just tell them the truth. They have nothing on you,” advises Bryan.
“That’s what I’m telling him,” says Tony.
“What?” says Bryan
“You’re fucking losing it, man. You don’t get it! We’re going to get kicked out. Are you listening to a word ii am saying?” 
“Let’s just go there and get it over with,” scoffs Tony.
They begin to walk over to the door of the Advisor’s office and Tony notices that both the women are staring at him. He looks away with a slanted smile.
Tony and Mitch sit side by side in two chairs with a desk across from them. On the desk are the charred remains of the university fliers. Mitch is pale and straight faced. He is also sweating and shaking. Ton is comfortable. He can’t be touched. Delusional. Also pale and ghostly but not from nerves.
The Resident Advisor is still staring out of the window with her arms folded behind her back, with the assistant right beside her standing the same way. She’s turns around and Tony notices she is young and vaguely attractive, in her early 30s. Her face looking different than when he saw her from the other side of the window. She looks powerful pissed. She walks directly to her desk and grabs the burned fliers. She has a homemade, laminated badge that says ‘Resident Advisor Micah.’
“You’re early,” she says.
“I just want to get this over with,” responds Tony. 
“So this is what you think of our university?” she says scathingly. “Well I’m going to let you know that the last thing I want to do is get the police department involved. We can handle it in here. Even though in my heart of hearts you should be locked away.”
“There’s nothing to handle. We know nothing,” says Tony, smiling.
“Sadly, um … I’m sorry, what is your name?”
“Tony.”
“Do you even live in the dorm?”
“No, not technically.”
“Will you stand by your defiance if I were to get the police involved?”
“I have nothing to do with any of this. This is crazy. I have people who will say I have nothing to do with this. You would be wasting there time and your time.
Micah flips through more papers, writes something notes. The assistant just stands there like a remedial bodyguard.
“I have nothing more to say. We have all the evidence we need. We’re going to get finger prints from the flier, set up lie detector tests for you. Do you mind is we finger print you or do you have something on file. I am sure you do. We’ll be in touch. But if by some chance you miraculously find out who really did this. Let me know.” 
“Waste. Of. Time,”  says Tony as they get up and walk out of her office. Mitch is in a hurry for the door. Tony follows behind but slowly. 
Mitch is almost convulsing until he lights his cigarette, take the first drag and then instant bliss and relief. For a moment. He sinks down under a tree and smokes his cigarette in peace. Controlled chaos, as his mind must be racing but his body sits motionless.
“That didn’t go as bad as I thought,” chimes Tony.
“Sure. You practically insulted her by telling her she was wasting her time.”
“Well, look at it this way. By the time they get everything figured out the semester will be almost over and we can just leave. Did you see that assistant? Ugh. I didn’t know if she was a broad or a dude. Do you think they are lovers?”
“I’ve thought about that.”
“Leaving or the assistant?”
“I have absolutely no love for this place. This valley is like Satan’s ass crack and Radcliffe is the hole.”
“We’re all shit.”
A strong, cold wind blows, extinguishing their cigarettes.
“And he flaps his wings trying to escape. We need to leave.”
“I am not finished yet. Maybe this is what will send this place into frenzy. Injustice to rally the troops. They are trying to take off the head to kill the body. They don’t realize how strong we really are, Mitch. They really, really don’t. This is it. This is our time. I didn’t think the fire worked but in a way it has. They are going to twist this on us in a way that will provoke the masses to revolt. Maybe we can spread a few non truths too, to start the process of the slow burn.”
“What are you talking about,” Mitch says flabbergasted. 
“The phenomenon is on the verge of bursting. Don’t you realize the moral, political and economic crisis this place is going through? We feed this place and they bite us and smile. What was it about this Institution that made everyone want to be here? It was freedom, which is systematically being taken away. Whether it is outlawing parties, far away parking lots and a new parking garage for faculty, and what about the designated smoking areas? They will ban smoking soon too. This leads us to the destruction of corrupt ideals. This leads us up the scorched path of demoralization. But it means nothing to destroy and let something rot. Real strength is in the destruction and reconstruction of brand new ideals. That is strength, Mitch. That is what the strong do.”
“At the rate you’re going, the only thing that will be demoralized is you. And you will be up that path by yourself. And how do you have strength. I am surprised you didn’t float away like a leaf just now.”
Darkness. Tony looks over at his best friend as he suffers over something he didn’t have any involvement in. Mitch is constantly tossing and turning, not for comfort but because he is so nervous about what has and could transpire. Tony’s facial expression paints a picture of regret and embarrassment.  A moment of clarity. Tony stares at the sky wondering where the next phase in his dream may lead. A light snow begins to fall on to ground. 
“Maybe we should just go for a ride man. That will take your mind off of all the shit going on here.”
“Yeah. Yeah you’re probably right. But no talking.”
Tony and Mitch are walking to Mitch’s car. As they get to the Morelit Hall parking lot, where they parked the car, it isn’t there. It has been towed away. Mitch is on the verge of tears of frustration. “FUCK!”
“Anything for a dollar, buddy. I told you.” 
They just look around hoping to accidentally stumble on it. Nothing.
“I do not have the money for this. What is going on? Why is all of this happening?”
“Ok. A ride was not a good idea. There are better ways to forget about things. I have some beer upstairs. That always works well when I am trying to forget or feel better about something.”
Tony and Mitch are sitting around a small card table in their room. Mitch is still depressed and angry. He has not even opened or touched his beer. Tony notices and reaches over and pops it open for him. 
“I can’t take you just sitting there lethargic.”
“Can you not blame me, man? What the fuck? I hate paying for these fucking parking tickets. Thousands of dollars down the fucking tube for god damn parking tickets.”
“How about this, I’ll pay to get your truck back man. If you’d just get out of that bad mood. You’re fucking depressing me.”
“Yeah well I still have other things to worry about too. Like my mortality.”
“That’ll be taken care of soon man,” he says then swigs a mouthful of brew.  “Very soon.”
Bryan storms into the kitchen. “Dude, I heard there’s an 80s party we can get to that’ll take our minds of everything. Come over here Tony I need to show you something.”
“What now?”
They walk into the bathroom where Bryan pulls out a plastic baggie with few pills inside. He dumps them onto the sink and cuts them up into a fine powder and then into lines. 
“This is new man. I picked it up from some black dude standing outside. This’ll make you feel on time.”
“I hope so,” says Tony, looking at the lines of powder and smiles. Salivating. 
Bryan takes a powerful snort of a few lines with a small straw.
“Oh I’ve missed this so much” Tony then takes a powerful snort of a few lines. He throws his head back and breathes heavily until he starts laughing. “You got that right, boy! Wow!
Mitch walks in while Tony pushes Bryan aside and takes his lines. He shakes his head, turns, and walks out of the room.
Mitch walks outside and sees that Tony is smoking a cigarette outside by himself. He can hear the noise from the people inside. They didn’t go to the eighties party, not this one at least. 
The snow is still falling. Tony is merely wearing his usual attire. Snow is perched upon him as if he hasn’t moved in hours. 
I know this may sound redundant, but you look like shit. You alright, man?”
“Yeah bro, I’m cool. Not as high as I’d like. That stuff hits like a truck and then a few minutes later you come down. It sucks. But whatever.”
“Thanks for helping me with the tow bill.”
“Well, I just don’t want to see my best friend all depressed and shit. It depressed me.”
“Well regardless, I appreciate it, man. Means a lot.”
“Good. Let me have your card so I can get back in the building. I’m a little tired. Don’t feel like doing much.”
“You sure you’re feeling alright?”
“Yeah. Just don’t lose Bryan, or find a way to pass out on the floor or something.” 
Tony gets up and shakes the snow off. He walks off and Mitch sits there with an accepting smile. Then lights a cigarette of his own
Tony bursts through a solid oak door with purpose and sits in the same chair as he did before. He is in Micah’s office. He sits with confidence and pride. The fliers are still there, never leaving the spot it was. Tony stares at the fliers. ‘were they really going to do anything’? he thought.
Micah looks surprised but walks around the office smiling. She was packing her belongings to leave for the evening.
“I assume You want to speak with me?” All of the sudden a feeling arises in her stomach as if she were going to vomit. “What is that smell? Have you been drinking?”
“Um yeah. Well, here’s the thing. I started the fire. It was me. Mitch has nothing to do with it. All me. No one else. End your investigation. Call off the dogs. Whatever.”
“Ok well, I do appreciate your honesty. That is very mature of you. Like I said I really just want to keep this a university thing so with you saying that, law enforcement won’t be needed. “
“Thanks.”
“However I do have to file a report with the university and you’ll have to meet with the dean.”
“It’s cool. We go way back. I look forward to seeing him again.”
“I doubt that is a good thing.”
“Depends how you look at it.”
“Well with you coming here to me and telling me this, it will definitely help you.” 
“Just tell me the damage. What’s the punishment?”
“Well with a clean record maybe 32 weeks of probation, which the university would have you clean up the grounds. Another thing is setting up props for festivals we’d be having. Stuff like that.”
“I can handle that. What if I don’t have a ‘clean record‘?”
“Well then it gets difficult. You might be looking at suspension. Maybe a semester. At the most a year. I think I need to sit down.”
“Really?”
“I guess it’s safe to assume you don’t have a clean record.”
“What gave it away?”
“Well I’m going to do the best I can to help you out. In all honesty you helped me out by being honest and making this somewhat less difficult for me.”
“So what’s the process here? You write something to the dean then what?”
“Well I’m going to write the charges to the dean. He’ll look them over and make a decision. Now I advise you that what you’re going to need to do is get a trial by your peers. I can help you with that. Alcohol or anything other substance wasn’t involved in this. That could mean more charges.”
“No.”
“OK good. Well I have nothing more. You should hear back from the dean fairly soon. And there will be a meeting set up with him to discuss the charges and repercussions.” 
“Like I said, Mitch had nothing to do with this. He is my best friend and seeing him tore up the way he was killed me. Can you write that down too?”
“Sure. Who’s Mitch, again?”
They shake hands and Tony walks to exit when-
“Oh, before you go.”
Tony slowly turns and cuts his eyes.
“You’re not a martyr. Your finger prints were all over that flier. And who’s Mitch?”
Tony sends a psychotic-looking smile and walks out of the office and back to his room.
Mitch is passed out in his bed after a long night of drinking. Tony kicks his bed to wake him up. It doesn’t work. He gets something out of the fridge, a beer and kicks the bed again, nothing.
“MITCH!”
No response. Mitch is sleeping with his eyes open.
“Yo, dick! Get up!”
Mitch starts to move, wakes up, and says something inaudible.
“Get up man shit.”
“What up?” Mitch says in a groggy voice.
“I need to talk to you. I gotta tell you something.”
“Is it that important?”
Well how important is your college career or mortality or whatever you called it? I just talked to the hag.
Mitch shapes up quickly “Fuck, man why didn’t you tell me? I would have gone with you. I’m thinking about getting a lawyer, man, we’ll be straight. This dude is wild looking but I hear he‘s good”
“Well you better call him and tell him you are oh so sorry but you‘re off the hook anyways. I just confessed. You’re in the clear.”
“You confessed?”
“Yeah. I told her I lit that thing on fire being dumb. Told her you had nothing to do with it.” 
“Holy fuck, man.”
“Yeah the dean is going to be calling me soon. At that time he’s going to have me drawn and quartered like William Wallace. You know he started a revolution too.”
“And nothing is going to happen to me? You told them I was not involved?”
“I told them the truth.” 
Mitch sits at the edge of the bed and bows his head in relief. He smiles. Tears well up in his eyes.
“Thank you. Thank you so much.” 
“Nah man, you don’t have to thank me. I’m sorry you had to go through suffering like you did.” 
“Yeah.”
“Call your lawyer and tell him everything is ok. You do, however, owe me $84.”
“$84? For what?”
“That‘s how much it is going to cost me to get your car out of the impound. Just pay me whenever. But I won’t forget.”
Mitch runs and grabs the dorm phone and takes it outside.
Tony climbs in his bed and just stares off into the ceiling. Motionless and with a blank look on his face. The voices are coming back. Millions of them. He lets himself get absorbed in the voices and his own thoughts. It looks like they are here to stay. 
Tony is sitting across from the Dean Dickson, he did his best to try and look not so much like a rock and roll hobo. Dean Dickson is reading the files from what Micah has written. He looks powerful pissed. Tony sits bored and irritable but looks around the room again, decorated plaques from his college career and other things. Fraternity plaques, university plaques, community service plaques etc. he notices something new on the wall, a picture with him and the sheriff shaking hands.  
“Tony. I’m sorry I almost forgot you were even here. How are you?”
“And we meet again. I am doing well. Yourself?”
“More trouble I see.”
“It sure looks that way, doesn’t it?”
“Guess you know already, this isn’t looking good for you.”
“I’m sorry, what?”
Well I will spell it out for you with crayons and construction paper since you seem to be too stupid to understand.  Let me first start by reading the charges. I have starting a fire in a building, disruptive behavior, endangering conduct, and finally damaging of university property.
“I didn’t damage the wall or anything.”
“I’m talking about the fliers.”
Tony looks on stunned and awestruck, but says nothing.
“I move to have you expelled affective immediately and in that time you are not at all allowed to step foot on university soil, you understand?”
“I’m sorry. What?” He is still in shock.
“Now you can appeal this and have a hearing of your peers.”
“Yeah, yeah let’s do that one.”
“Alright. But you don’t stand a chance, son. This is your second offense for endangering conduct. From the little alcohol induced incident a while ago.”
“Well fortunately l Micah said she’d do everything she can do to help me.”
“She can do nothing to help you. You haven’t done anything to help yourself. Look around this office, sure I’ve done some things I’m not at all proud of but look.”
Tony looks around the office, again, still not impressed.
“I graduated from Radcliffe not once, but twice. Twice! That’s helping you. Granted you still have time, but if you keep this attitude and behavior up, you will go nowhere in life. A bum in the streets, a street urchin monster covered in your own feces. 
“Ok first off, how is a flier university property? Second, why am I being suspended?” 
“OK first off, anything with Radcliffe University stamped on it is university property. If a damn ant had Radcliffe on it and you step on it, you’d be damaging university property. Second, why am I suspending you?” he says with a bellowing laugh. “Well I want you out of here. In my opinion, you’re a danger to this campus on or off. This place is a lot bigger than you. I am a lot bigger than you. And that is the way it is going to stay. Do you understand that?
“I understand. However I don’t think you know what you’re getting yourself into. I will save the rest of what I have to say for the appeal.”
“Well how about we schedule it for later today.”
“That sounds perfect. I will see you soon.” 
“And I’ll make sure it’ll be the last time.”
“We’ll see.”
“I told you before that I can ruin you. Now I think you’re getting off light. You leave this place and never come back. Ever. Not even to visit. I don’t care if your own mother was a student here. You are to never come back. And if I see you, well, let’s just say, don’t let me see you anywhere.”
Tony is pissed off. He angrily gets up, knocks the chair over and leaves, slamming the door behind him. Dickson remains seated and smiles victoriously.
Tony stands out in the middle of the brick walk way which is in front of the food court. His head is hung as he looks around him. Students are walking with book bags to class. Some are just out walking their dogs with coffee in hand, while others are walking without a purpose. No one even looks his way. 
Tony starts walking in the direction of his building. He walks without ever looking up, fidgeting from the cold and mumbling gibberish to himself. He walks through the front door and makes a bee line straight for Micah’s office. Her door is open, and she is standing by her fax machine.
“Damaging school property? Endangering conduct? I didn’t site these. Well like I said I’ll be with you there. He wants to do this in a few hours.”
“Right, yeah, I bet you’re behind me,” he says violently. “Ready to push me off the edge. Well I’m right there. All I need is just a little push. But I will let you know, you, him, you’re not bigger than me. I don’t need help from you. You two are cut from the same authoritative cloth. 
Cloth can burn too.
Micah is looking at Tony in fear of what he is going to do. Tony exit’s the room and slams the door behind him. Micah walks over to the window and looks out and sees Tony lighting up a cigarette walking in circles mumbling again. Then he starts laughing uncontrollably and jumping around. 
Tony is tearing through his closet. Looking at the clothes he has. There are rock shirts ripped jeans and a random assortment off all kinds of dirty linens. There is absolutely nothing in there that resembles anything presentable or someone going to a meeting. But there is something in the back: the white button up shirt, which he wore when he was arrested. Still dirty and covered in blood. Of course, he grabs it. He throws his rail thin arms inside and buttons the buttons all the way to his neck. 
Tony walks the lonely sidewalks. They are wet from the falling rain. A steady pounding rain. His hair is tangled and wet, dripping down his face. He is constantly mumbling uncontrollably and incoherently as he walks. Not a soul is on the sidewalk or the quads adjacent to them. No one is even looking out there windows at him, all the curtains are closed. He is alone in his fight. 
The chair is squeaking as Tony sits, rocking back and forth in a wooden chair waiting for word to come in. There is a false sense of security around him. He is oozing confidence, not understanding the levity of the situation. Assistants and interns continually walk by just to have a look at the wet, greasy, frail renegade where a filthy shirt covered in his blood. Finally one speaks, “They are ready for you, sir,” she says nervously. 
Tony gets up and walks to into the conference room. Tony takes a seat by Micah, who smiles at him. In the room there are Dean Dickson, and three others: an old man teacher, and slightly younger female teacher, and a student.
“Well Tony come in and takes a seat, please,” says a cocky Dickson. 
“My peers or your peers,” Tony asks.
“Everything will be ok,” whispers Micah.
Tony stares directly at Dickson under his lowered brow paying no attention to Micah or anyone else in the room.
“This will be recorded. Fine with everyone?” asks Dickson.
All parties nod in agreement, except Tony who isn’t listening. He clicks the button on the recorder.
“Well let’s get started shall we? We are gathered here to discuss Tony’s ruling that I have handed down. That being there semester’s worth of suspension. Now Tony doesn’t agree with the punishment and neither does Micah. If you will start, tell us what you have gathered in your investigation.”
“Well as everyone knows, we did have an alarm go off in Morelit Hall several weeks back. And upon that time the fire department was called and found a burnt flier on the third floor.”
“Where exactly on the third floor was with flier found and tell us which alarm was going off.”
“Both outside the room Tony was reported to be staying.”
“Thank you.” 
“Yes sir.”
Dickson flips through some papers furiously. “Thank you, Micah. You can leave now. We’re finished with you,” he says waving her off. “Good bye.”
Micah stares for a minute at Dickson. She is stunned. She stares at Tony, her mouth a gape. She whispers to Tony, “I’m sorry.” Micah gets up and walks out of the conference room. Tony takes zero notice.
Dickson turns his full attention back on Tony. He is all business, maybe a little too much business.
“Now what I can not get over is how someone could light a piece of paper on fire inside of a building where students sleep, they study; they hang out, and talk. And you could have killed them. Over three hundred students. Why son? Why? Did you think you could get away with it? You could have killed your own peers.”
“Yeah.”
“Speak up son. We have to hear you over here. This is being recorded. Speak up.”
Tony’s anger sets in. “I will speak up but I don’t think you are going to like what I have to say,” he growls through clinched teeth.
“Well I sure as hell don’t like what you’ve done. But go ahead.”
“Where do we begin,” he says with a devilish giggle. He runs his skinny, frail, pale hand through his hair. He wipes the water and grease on his pants. His lips are wet with anticipation. “Well let me start by saying that I am not going to sit here and jerk off your ego like these dogs and clowns sitting in front of me. It’s like a fascist circus in here. You are arrogant, narcissistic, incestuous, uptight, and you live your life just to show that you made it and that you’re better than everyone else because you have some sort of power. This is not about doing what is right for you, it’s a continuation of putting someone else down because you can. You like watching people suffer. Well I’m not suffering. I didn’t come here to defend myself because I know what I did. I did it. Fuck it. And fuck you. I came here to tell you, that I want you to kick me out now. This place is a dump. This place that you represent is a dump. And that label on the flier, you represent also. I watched it burn and I liked. I burned your label. But trust me there’s a lot more things in this place to worry about than me lighting a piece of paper on fire. That’ll never change. It’s like rolling a rock up a steep hill. Once you get to the top of the hill and think you’ve accomplished something, the rock will right back down to the bottom. And you do it again. And again. And again. It’s the culture here. You can do whatever you want to try and change it with your rules. But let me please speak for everyone when I say, keep your change. Your change is useless. You cannot highjack freedom for economic relief. The longer you stay the more you and your goals will deteriorate while the people you use will watch and get pleasure from your pain. The martyr never gets to watch what he creates. The decline of your morality and values will finally give rise to decadence and valueless ness.  I can excuse myself. Dick. Son. 
Tony gets up and leaves while laughing and leaving everyone in the room in a state of bewilderment.
The rain is pouring as he is walking proudly throughout the university. He stops outside his building and turns to see the university. A manically laugh follows him. He lights a cigarette and sits on the stage. By himself. Thinking. Mitch walks out from behind the trees. He sits beside Tony.
“Well, you look terrible,” Mitch says with a smile.
“I look great. And I feel better.”
“So would I be wrong in assuming this is our last night here?”
“Sure.”
“What happened?”
“I think I finally did some good for myself.”
“I bet you did.”
“Yeah. I look back at everything I’ve done and have no regrets. I don’t think this is what my parents had in mind when they sent me away to this Institution to get educated. I’m in the fast lane to the land of nothingness.” 
“No, and I think if you told them some of the things you’ve done or seen, I don’t even know if they’ll believe you.”
“You should know that once I leave this place a lot of things will change.”
“I know.”
“There won’t be anymore all-nighters. No more drinks, pot none of that. No more fucking Dickson, thank god. I remember before I even came here, someone told me that the party scene would get to you. Well I will be damned if he wasn’t right. I got caught right in the maelstrom.”
“We all did. But you know I was once told that sometimes you never even really know how bad the smell of shit is until you smell fresh air. “
“There will be a day when this place has finally succumbed to the people it dictates to.”
“Didn’t you notice something when you left that conference hall? Or even after you meeting with Dickson. As you stood there letting the rain drops fall on top of you what did you see?”
“I saw an old woman hading dinosaur over a fence; I saw sunlight in a vacuum.”
“Come on.”
“Nothing.”
“Exactly. This place may fall, but there’s a better chance that it will fall because of itself. Self dissolution. Do not hope and lead nothing other than your own actions. You will find life is much better that way. If not, you will just be an irrational person failing in an irrational world.”
“Good to know that everything I have done means absolute shit.”
“Indeed, but after a while all the memories will only live inside your thoughts, and I believe you said you have ways to erase that.”
“I just wish I had more time. I wasted every moment I had in self indulgence that I failed to realize any of my surroundings. I could still get this started.”
“You are going to drive yourself insane.”
“Or maybe the people just aren’t ready. Maybe I took things a little too far and am a little ahead of my time. And no. I am far from insane. The only thing that is insane is this place.”
“Fine. How do you plan on spending your last night here, as a free man?”
“Same as we always do. Some things just shouldn’t change.” 
“There’s a beer pong tournament tonight at one of the frat houses.”
Tony is staring at his emasculated body. Months of drinking, smoking, drugging and have taken their toll. His face is sunken in and his eyes are red and purple. His hair still long and blonde but now is more disheveled and greasy from not washing. He snorts some white powdery substance. He splashed water on his face. His chest and stomach are now sunken in as well. There seems to be no muscle left on his body. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his lighter and a cigarette, not caring about being indoors. He looks back at himself. He flicks his lighter and holds it to his face and burns his eye brows off.. 
He goes and puts some clothes on. A black sweater with thumb holes cut out. A black hooded zip up sweater. Ripped jeans.  He is almost ready to go until he sees something on the corner floor of his closet. His bandana. He struts out of the bathroom. “Let’s go.”
Mitch and Bryan look on in horror at the sight of their fallen friend.
Tony signs him and Mitch up for the beer pong tournament and pays the five dollar sign up fee. The frat house is not unlike the others: dirty, grimy, dark, and moist; however the floors in the one are carpeted and the walls are covered with old particle board and decorated with black spray paint.
“We’re in that bracket over there. We play those dudes over there.”
“They should just hold the money for us. No doubt.”
Mitch and Tony walk to the beer pong table where their opponents and a small crowd of people have gathered to watch.
“I have to piss.” says Mitch leaving.
They start off with eye to eye and their opponents win. They both shoot and make their shots to bring it back to them to shoot again. The two guys both make it again. Balls go back to them. Then one dude bounces and makes it to end the game. A skunk. The people around the table are going crazy at what just happened. They are all heckling Tony, even though he really did nothing wrong. He never had a chance. The people he was supposed to lead are all having a laugh at his expense.  
Tony is mortified as people are telling him he has to run around the house naked. He walks through the basement feverishly looking for Mitch, with other people looking and laughing. More people form a larger crowd to watch him run.
The large crowd has gathered outside the house, still heckling. Tony strips. Leaving only his shoes on. The people are appalled. His body looks like a thin slab of skin covering a model skeleton. He takes no notice. 
He makes his lap around the house naked. His pale thin skin is jiggling up and down with each step. His rib cage is clearly evident and shockingly disgusting. As he passes the street horns honk and cops blue lights flicker. He runs even quicker to get back to his clothes and everyone that was outside is now gone. He immediately puts his clothes back on and runs down the street.
The night is cold; Tony is walking down the street as fast as he can. He turns around and notices someone running towards him. He squints to try and make out who it is. It’s Mitch.
“Where in the hell have you been?”
“I went up to take a piss, came back down and you were gone. What happened?”
“I got skunked and had to run around the fucking house. Naked. By myself. I was laughed at. They were looking and pointing and laughing at me”
“That’s unfortunate.”
“I’m calling Q. I need some help. He will help me out.”
“He can’t offer the help you need.”
Tony pulls his cell phone from his pocket and dials the number. “Yo, Q I need your help brother. Where you at?” he pauses getting an answer. “We’ll be right there.”
A drunken student stumbles in front of them and pukes up a whole days worth of food.
“Hey, watch it we’re walking here! You fuck.” As the student is bent over Tony shoves him with his foot and he falls to the ground in his own vomit.
Tony and Mitch find themselves at another random house and descend the basement staircase to the pit of mud and drunkenness. There are lights wound around the support beams of the basement to add to affect of something. No one is really quite sure. Everything else is as follows: mud, beer/water/piss puddles, crushed cans, cigarette butts, etc. 
Tony walks to the beer stand. “What’s there to drink here?”
“What else? Beast.” says the dork behind the bar.
“Beast? Fuck that shit, man! Pabots Blue Ribbon!
“What?”
“I will fuck anything that moves!”
“Just take a beast, dude.”
Tony puts his hand out and accepts. Mitch is embarrassed. Tony sees Q in the corner of the room. He struts over to him as he is lighting up a little glass piece.
“That for me?” asks Tony confidently.
“No doubt.” answers Q
Q hands Tony his glass piece. It is unknown what this substance is. It’s not green. Tony lights the end and a fine white smoke fills then pipe, with a deep thrusting inhale the smoke disappears into his lungs. He holds. Holds. Holds. Then exhales. Almost immediately he turns blue and then translucent. He is beyond the ghostly figure he was before and looks like a living incarnation of death.
Mitch finally walks over, beers in hand. He hands Tony one. Tony’s hand trails and moves in slow motion to the can and it slips right through his hand. Just as soon as Mitch looks at him, Tony is hearing the voices. There’s so many voices and cannot differentiate what they are saying. Millions of voices are pouring through him. He cringes in pain and falls. Before he goes face first into the mud/shit/piss combination covering the floor he floats through the door and is immediately outside and aimlessly walking the streets. The wind is blowing hard and the rain falling accordingly. Again he mumbles nonsense. He has no idea what he is looking for until his eyes happen upon the monster. Tony is slowly drawn over to him. The monster is seated on the curb of the road with his head between hid legs, still wearing his dirty overcoat.
His head turns up, eyes still sewn shut, and holds his dirty, almost skeletal hand out to Tony. Tony holds his hand out accepting. The monster smiles a hyper active alligator grin and gets up. They proceed down the street to abandoned house.  The windows and doors are all boarded up. There’s moss and random dead plants that have grown up the sides of the house. They approach the fallen and broken porch, and carefully walk the stairs. The monster extends his arm and tears through the boarded up door. 
They proceed through the empty living room. The floor is covered in dust. No person has walked these floors in what could be, centuries. The wall paper is peeling off the walls exposing the studs and the floor boards are buckling. They continue through until the approach another basement staircase. Tony takes one step on the dirty stair case and falls through and plummets to the basement floor, splashing in the mud, piss cocktail.
Upon rising from the floor he sees the party he was just at. Instead of lights on the support beams they are on fire. There is a gathering of people. There are faces in hands in the walls. they are reaching out, trying to grab something. Or someone. He slowly moves through. He can’t. He gets more physical. When the people turn to see who’s pushing, their faces are elongated and smiles hyper active. He is frightened. He keeps pushing his way through until he sees his own body on the floor, covered in the mud, shit, and piss combination. He is motionless. He goes to his body and drops to his knees. Everyone around him is laughing and drawing closer to him. He grabs his body and pulls it to his chest and starts crying. He is holding his dead body. The party attendants are bearing over top of him. They start grabbing at him. They are trying to tear him apart. He does his best to fight them off. He sees the monster staring at him. The crowds of people now have control of him and are dragging and pulling him to the monster. Tony is kicking and screaming. The voices get louder and louder. They bring him to the monster that opens his mouth wide enough to swallow Tony whole again. Tony’s nasty, greasy, wet hair is blowing behind him from the air blowing at him from the monster mouth. Tony then opens his mouth wide and yells. The monster closes his mouth and the people scatter away like spiders, scared. Tony looks around at them and notices the old man is stepping back and fading away smiling. Tony is standing alone by his dead body. Just as he grabs his body the house begins to shake and walls are starting to crumble. He doesn’t move and stays with his body. The bodies in the walls are still reaching. The ceiling is falling around him but he grabs hold tighter to his body. When everything falls around him -
Tony is lying half naked on Mitch’s cold bathroom floor, wearing only his boxers and bandana. He is alone. His hair is all astray, dirty. Next to his head is vomit with blood sprinkled in it. He looks at his pale, ghostly skin and body and doesn’t know if he is alive. He struggles to lift his head off the ground. His body is tingling, trying to regain sensation. 
The tile walls are covered in nonsensical, subconscious word spatter. Travel the path beyond the ordinary mind. Seek a greater wisdom. Where are we going to bury him? Drink and dance Midget, gnash your teeth.  Fuck Hope, she strangles one sunny day. We live in a cell block of granite walls and granite floors. You’ve been carrying that dead boy around for too long! Sanity is like a prostitute, she will stretch a mile before she tears an inch. Mary is helpless. I am a waste. I am the Fool’s Messiah. Miss him, miss him. Everybody fucks up, everybody fucks up. Why aren’t we crying like everyone else? At the juncture of Death, there is no Light just the inexistence of Darkness. He makes an effort to force a smile on his lips. Who do we really think we are? Mickey Mouse bribed a baby killer. End scene. You better hang on to yourself. Nobody wants to see what is inside of there. Part one is living. Breathe slowly, breathe deeply. Fucking cut!
 Finally a knock at the door.
“Yeah, come in,” he says with a strained cough. 
Mitch pushes through the doorway, “Holy fuck! You look dead, man”
“I have been to hell and back and have never felt more alive.”
“Oh man, come on, get up we’re going to the hospital.” Mitch walks to him and grabs for him.
“No, no don’t. I’m done.” Tony peels the bandana off his head and dumps it in the toilet. 
Mitch stares for a moment, looking at Tony, to the toilet with the bandana floating inside, then back to Tony. He nods, disproving and saddened, but exit’s the bathroom walking slowly backwards and fades from Tony’s view.
Tony reaches with all his might trying to flush the bandana. The tips of his finger are merely flicking the handle. He moans and strains while lifting his half dead body off the cold bathroom floor and finally succeed in the disposal of the bandana.  The bandana spins around the toilet and disappears into the pipes, leaving the trash and sewage above the ground to rest with the trash and sewage below. 
He flops back down onto the floor. He looks around on the floor and sees apoplectic scribbling. There are long lines, distorted and twisted with smudged black ink and drawn with a finger tip. They look like branches writhing away from a perverted trunk. A nefarious Tree of Life. This doleful, unpropitious tree encapsulates his entire vitreous bag of bones. His eyes are icy blue with red veins so profound they look as if they are elevated from the eye. He ends this evening with a dry cough and gravelly laugh.



IV



An alarm sounds, awaking Henry who sluggishly throws his arm over and tries to slap the top of the clock to shut it off. He misses. The clock reads 6 AM. 
The host from Radcliffe’s only talk-radio show switches on. His voice is nasal, much like a host from fifties or sixties. “The campaigning for sheriff is in full swing, with front runner, current Sheriff Wharton promising sweeping changes. He intends to continue his work with the newly appointed Dean of Students at our Radcliffe University.” He switches to a clip from a campaign press reading.
“It is our goal to maintain a standard for the people within this community and student body. There cannot be a divide between the two,” says Sheriff Wharton whose voice has a deep, country twang. It is hard but reassuring for the red neck white trash who calls this dump home.
Henry finally rolls out of bed and slowly walks over to his bathroom door, which has no knob so he just pushes it open. He reaches into his yellow stained medicine cabinet and pulls out his tooth brush and tooth paste, untwists the top, spreads the tooth paste on the brush and starts brushing.
Sheriff Wharton’s campaign message continues in the background, “We also need to have a welcome environment for our incoming students. I do not want to sugar coat the problems we have here. The crime rate has been going up. Illegal substances, such as narcotics are on the streets. We need to clean that up, for the safety of the residents also for present and future students.” 
Henry rears his head back, then lunges forward and lets out a loud spit into the sink. He looks down and sees a small amount of blood mixed in with the discharged tooth paste. He turns on the sink, cups his hands, fills it with water and puts it in his mouth. He rinses and spits it back out. Only small traces of blood remain. 
“If re-elected I fully intend to continue working closely with the university. We live in a college town. We are also small, Christian town as well. We need to get back to our close knit, small town values that helped this city thrive. We will get back,” closes Sheriff Wharton. Henry can only imagine that at the end of the message he delivers a wink and gun.
He walks across his room, his bed, if you can call it that, is merely a mattress thrown on top of a box spring with a ragged pillow and black comforter. The only other objects in his room are a small plastic crate serving as a night stand which holds his dated clock radio, a little refrigerator, and a microwave. Nothing is on the walls and only one small window.
The radio host reappears, “This station is of course endorsing Sheriff Wharton and his cause to get us back to where we belong. I love being able to know everyone’s name and not being afraid to walk our streets. Yes let’s get the university involved and integrate into our community. Let’s not be separate. The university needs to clean up too. The students are proud to be decadent, hedonistic; fools for freedom. Let’s come together”
As Henry walks by, he stops and hits his mark on the radio to shut it off and something else catches his attention. He walks to his window and looks out to see a homeless, decrepit black man swinging his pocket sized Holy Bible in the air, yelling nutty, religious nonsense and laughing hysterically. Drunk with lunacy, he is alone and filthy. His sweater is covered in dirt and his pants pocket has a bottle of whiskey hanging out the side.
A fat, white man with a gigantic belly and greasy hair walks toward the Holy Roller. In the fat mans hand is brown bag that is wrinkled and squeezed against the bottle which it is covering. As he passes, the Holy Roller reaches for the brown bag and as the white man pushes him away, the Holy Roller taunts his mini Bible at him, cursing him. 
Henry finishes his short walk and stops at his closet. He opens it to reveal a scant amount of clothing. Most of his clothes are his work clothes; green, collared cotton shirts with navy blue pants. The rest are tee shirts and jeans. He puts on his clothes, grabs his keys from a nail by the door and walks outside.
Once out of his door, he is immediately greeted by propaganda from different candidates for different local office positions whether it is sheriff, school board and even commonwealth’s attorney. And as he saw in his head, there is of course a pamphlet for Sheriff Wharton giving a wink and a gun, a large smile and turning his body in a way to showcase his large badge.  He walks up the exterior stairs to ground level and takes a disgusted look at his house, which was seemingly built by a blind carpenter. 
It is a cold morning, with overcast, the usual for the City of Radcliffe. The days of sun are few and far between. This is a place needing change. The sound of the only train that comes though town comes roaring down its tracks accompanying Henry as he walks along them. He sees several cargo cars empty, thinking maybe he should hop aboard and leave this town. Then near the caboose of the train one cattle car carries a group of nomadic, second guessing students who probably saw one look at the brick arch way of hell and refused to get off. The lost souls stare at him with a blank expression and glassy eyes. As the train passes, he can hear the din of the handless clock tower. 
Henry stops and looks at his shape shifting town. He sees on the left of the highway the first semblance of progressive movement. There are soccer fields, a newly constructed playground, and a large swimming pool with a slide and fountain in the middle. All of which is built over top of old sewage grounds. 
Unfortunately that is not the reality of this excrementitious dump within the valley. Henry looks to his right and sees a row of weather beaten brick apartment buildings that have not seen maintenance since their inception. The mortar that holds the buildings together are falling apart, making him wonder how the building is still upright. Also, there is an abandoned shopping mall and the old paper factory. Some of the windows of the shopping mall are boarded up, others are covered in steel. The walls painted black and decorated with graffiti. The factory has been left for dead for years. The small, stained windows have been either shattered or are broken from the hoodlums throwing rocks through them. Gone are the steam columns and the stench of burning wood.
The roads and side walks are cracked, uneven and covered with trash and dead leaves. Along the side walks are trees that look as if they are transplants from a haunted forest, rotted; no leaves. They reach into the sky like the ghastly fingers of a witch. The roads are filled with pot holes and layers of garbage, left by the garbage that resides within the broken down houses. 
Henry finally reaches a cemetery and pushes an unlocked black, metal, cemetery gate which creaks as it swings open. He walks through along a thin, foot-beaten dirt path through the graves. After passing row upon row of headstones, he leaves the path he walks finely between the sites as to not step on and disrespect the dead. The grass is long and has not been maintained. Some of the larger headstones have been dishonored and defiled by graffiti, some even spray painted completely black, blocking the name. The rest of the larger headstones that have not been vandalized have disintegrated.  The flowers which have been placed on the graves have all wilted and withered, while some have no flowers at all, just empty vases. 
He finishes his walk and stops at one particular grave plot, kneeling down slowly and bowing his head. He then pulls a handkerchief from his pocket and wipes away tears. There is no name on the grave, just a small metal handle on the marker.
Upon getting up, he turns around and notices something he has never seen before but does not look new. It is a statue of an angel. She is on her knees, but not in prayer. She has her head in her hands which is resting on a bench. Her wings are relaxed and not ready for flight. 
Al’s Used Auto Parts and Hardware is one of the few surviving businesses. Sharing the same building however is Radcliffe Steel, which is closed down. Their carrier trucks still fill a few parking spots collect rust. A tall, chain linked fence surrounds the building, with a row of barbed wire on top, much like a prison. 
Henry walks along the wet parking lot, listening to the faint pitter padded of rain falling on the aluminum roof. Junk cars are scattered, hoods and doors opened missing parts from inside. Every car collects its share of rust. He ends his walk at a blue entrance door, the sign reading: ‘EMPLOYEES ONLY’. He grabs the round, metal door knob with one hand and places his other hand on the door. He takes a deep breath and pushes open the door. He walks to the back of an open floor space to where his metal desk is positioned facing the floor. His work space is the receiving area of the warehouse. All new coming products must be seen and put into the inventory by him. His desk is cluttered with manifests of sales transactions and an old computer used only for managing the inventory. Henry looks down at his papers. His manager has left a note asking him to count the product for an inventory check. He sits down at his desk and looks around the warehouse. Directly in front of the open space, there are three rusty, rotating bins, much like what are seen in a laundry mat, only these containing parts and various assortments of hardware. Within the bins are 40 sections that are about 8 feet tall and 3 feet wide. There are also 10 shelves per bin containing boxes with parts inside. The parts inside the boxes range from the size of a small nut to the size of a ball joint. All parts must be counted and counted correctly.
As Henry rifles through his desk drawers looking for a pen and a clip board, the parts driver, Maxwell, who works from the back also arrives. Even at a distance the smell of alcohol and cigarette smoke is over bearing. The toxins have become one with every drop of perspiration and likewise every stitch of cloth that covers his body. He looks like he has not slept as well. Or showered. Or brushed his teeth. But he doesn’t have teeth, or wear his dentures, and presumably does not have any running water. His hair and beard are greasy and speckled with grey. This is not an old man by any means being in his late 40s.
 Maxwell walks right past Henry with out acknowledgment, going to the back door and outside to smoke a cigarette. He lights one that has already been lit and smoked, partially. He takes a few drags, puts it out and walks back in; right to the radio and turns it on, looking for his favorite classic rock station, but all he gets is static.
Henry rolls his eyes and takes a deep breath when he hears, “Homie!” from Maxwell in a slurred, cigarette-scratched voice.
“I am surprised you aren’t late today?” Henry responds.
“I almost quit this morning. Tim had to talk me into coming back. I have been here for 10 years and I don’t make enough to support myself. No appreciation either,” again slurring.
“How many times have you quit, and came back?”
“Too many times to count, I don’t know.” 
“To be honest, and I mean no offense by this, but you should consider yourself lucky. You are not really qualified for much else. You’re an alcoholic and extremely unreliable. You should consider yourself lucky. There is not much work around here. Look right next door. They had no idea they were closing down until pencil pushing human resource genius came down and told them to go home and not come back. Jobs are scarce. But you seem like a person who would enjoy living off of unemployment.”
Maxwell is getting frustrated. His voice becomes louder because when people who do not know what they’re talking about feel they are losing an argument, they think an amplified stupidity makes them sound more intelligent. 
“Hell, I have a buddy who runs a shop that will hire me on the spot, sixty thousand a year on the spot. I don’t really need the money, but it’s there.” 
Henry just stares at him, not wanting to engage in anymore conversation with a person who is too unintelligent to make a decent argument. He picks up his papers and pen and walks up to his first bin to start his counting. Grabbing a step ladder, he positions it in front of the bin and sits in top to begin counting. He grabs his first box and pulls a part out, reading the number; he puts a check on his manifest. He does this with the rest of the parts in the box and put it back.
He repeats. Again. And again.
His eyes follow the bin to see the vastness of the boxes and shelves and countless boxes on the shelves. 
He scratches his eyes as he drops the volume of papers down on the cluttered desk of his boss. Looking at small numbers endlessly has him exhausted and irritable. Just as he turns to walk out of the office the manager, Tim, walks in. Tim is in his late 60s and has been working in auto parts since he returned from Vietnam. He was in the NAVY. His stature is that of a man who at one time was very muscular. He has a barrel chest and large, veiny forearms. He also has white hair, which he combs over to hide his bald spot.
“Alright, bud, how’d it go?” opens Tim.
“It went well, sir, just as well as it could, I guess.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean. But I know you did a good job. You’re probably one of the hardest workers I have here.”
“Thank you, sir, I appreciate that. It’s my job. That’s all.”
“You know, I’ve been thinking, Henry. I already got your raise approved. I wanted to talk to Al about promoting you.” 
The assistant manager, John, walks in the office. He is a short stocky man, looks Italian. He had been the top salesman before becoming the assistant manager. Still is. He has a certain cockiness about him. He is a gift to all and needs to be shown as such from his underlings. Henry, unfortunately to John, does not see it this way; this causes friction between the two. There may be some jealousy as well from John.
Tim continues, “I can get you up on the front line working with John, and get you familiar working with customers and the system. Just so you know how to do more than just looking at numbers. I bet you see and say those numbers in your sleep.” 
John looks at Henry and just shakes his head.
“Again, thank you, but I like where I am at right now. I have a routine and I think I do a good job. I am where I am and that is where I would like to stay. And quite frankly, I am not a people person. I am not a salesman.”
John snickers to himself and walks out.
“I mean that with no disrespect sir, but I have to politely decline.” 
Tim looks to the ground, disappointed, nodding his head in acceptance. 
After an uncomfortable silence, “I understand you have an anniversary coming up? Your mother was a good woman. I still miss her.”
Henry looks down at his feet and slumps his shoulders.
“I know this is very late notice but is there any chance that I could have the day off tomorrow? It’s going to be quite difficult.” 
Tim, turning and looking to his computer, mutters callously, “Not a chance.”
Henry rubs his eyes, approaching a breakdown, and walks out.
He walks into the break room to clock out. He sees today’s paper. He notices the main headline on the paper reads: ‘Federal Probe Clears Wharton.’ Captivated, he grabs, folds, and tucks it under his arm. Just as Henry turns to walk out, John cuts him off by intentionally bumping into him.
“Hey, what’s that? What in the hell do you think you’re doing? Are you stealing the newspaper again?” John says angrily.
Henry tries to push past John, but he keeps cutting him off at the door.
“Excuse me, please. I just want to go home,” says Henry.
“No. Put the damn paper back! You can’t just take the paper you little thief.”
“It doesn’t belong to anybody and it would just be thrown away anyways,” says Henry as he quickly squeezes threw the door jam and John. “I need it to sleep and I just want to go home!”
John lets out a bellowing laugh as Henry quickly walks away.
Off work, he walks the streets illuminated by the moon and streetlamps shining through oxidized lenses. The steady wind is making the shadows of the trees dance like wild fire on the streets. Henry walks along the flames, reaching his house which is completely dark, absolutely no lights on at all. He goes down the exterior stairs to the outside of his door and sees a master lock on his door knob. He shakes it violently trying to open it. Not working. He kicks the door, still nothing. He walks over to his one window and it is boarded up. He circles around to the front of the house which has boards covering every window.
Having no other place to go, Henry finds himself in the parking lot of a homeless shelter. As he walks slowly to the door, a bus pulls in and parks by the front door. People pour out of the door, all homeless, coming home from their jobs. Henry is stunned. There are so many. All in hand-me-down rag donations for clothes. 
Some come back carrying signs on strings that they wear over themselves; just to let everyone know they are homeless. All the signs say the same thing: ‘I am hungry and need food. Jesus loves you.’ There also appears to be some scuffling by the front door. A raggedy looking woman is flailing her arms. She is wearing loose-fitted pants, a green Army jacket and has cameras and straps around her neck. Her sloppy, ratty, brillo pad brown hair is held up by a red bandana. She also has a book bag on as well. She is arguing with a big, black woman who is either security guard or supervisor. The black woman grabs a telephone from the front desk causing the raggedy woman to run towards the front door. She gets there as quick as she takes off and explodes out the door and runs by Henry, eyes big as saucers.
“We are calling the cops this time! We are calling the cops!” shouts the black woman, madly punching numbers on the phone.
Henry’s eyes follow her. He turns away from the homeless shelter and looks up the street to his destination in the distance: the Quick Mart. 
As custom with most convenience stores, there are steel security bars on the outside of the windows along with an ABC sign with ‘ON’ highlighted.
Already gathering outside are the local street urchins. Rising from the dark underbelly of the small, college town, the townies as they’re called, all meet here for their misguided congregation. Addicts, dealers, hookers, and other embodiments of shame discuss their nightly plans. 
Henry feels their eyes upon him like bugs crawling on his skin. He quickens his walk to safely get inside the store, where he walks over to the milk freezer and picks up a gallon of whole milk. As he walks to the counter to pay, he notices someone looking at him through the food shelves. All he can see are eyes. No other features. He again tucks his head and walks to the counter, moving a little faster. He places the milk on the counter; he reaches for his wallet-
“Wait! I got it,” shouts the wild, raggedy woman, who quickly runs to the counter with a small change wallet.
Henry stares, confused at what is happening. Hope reaches in her wallet, puling out single dollar bills and some loose change. She pays the exact amount. 
“Excuse me, but what are you doing?” Henry asks, confused.
“Something bad is going to happen to you. I can feel it. In my bones. Those people outside are going to hurt you.” she says, panting, wild eyed. 
“And you’re going to save me? Please, I am sorry, but I will take my chances. Thanks for the milk,” he says lifting his milk and turning toward the door. 
She runs in front of him cutting him off and putting her hands on his chest to stop his progress.
“I am serious! Please believe me. I am deathly serious. I know these people. These people are rougher than you’re used to. You might think you know how bad this place is, but you don’t know these people. These people are dangerous. I will protect you,” she says speaking very fast.
Henry has a hard time keeping up with what she is saying. He rubs his forehead. He is exhausted. He does not need a complete stranger standing in his way of trying to get some rest, even though he knows he wouldn’t be getting that much needed rest anyways.
“Please, lady, I just want to go home. To my bed.”
She stares at him unfazed.
 “To sleep,” says Henry as if she did not understand what he was talking about.
“But that is the thing though. You will not make it home, without me. Look, I know them. Just walk out with me and you will be just fine.”
Henry really has no choice. He does not care either way. If he makes it out and to his home that is fine. If not, that is just how it is supposed to be. He just nods and they walk out together.
As it turns out, the junkies are not just loitering for the sake of it. They are waiting for someone. 
Henry and the wild woman quickly walk past them along the sidewalk. Henry has his head down so he does not make eye contact. Not out of fear, but because he does not want to look at them and become nauseous by their filth. They hide along the side of the store, waiting to see where the junkies will be spending their night.
“Can you please explain to me what exactly we’re doing?” he asks quietly.
“Look, I am a photographer. I am working on a new self help book in which I take pictures of addicts as a way for them to see themselves for what they really are.”
“What?! I thought they were going to kill me? And why do you need me? And why would a drug addict buy a book?”
“I can’t go alone again. And what else were you going to do tonight?”
Henry can only look at her, utterly confused 
A white Ford Mustang pulls up in front of the store. This is an old mustang, early 90s that is rusted at the bottom. The windows are black as midnight. 
“There he is,” she says, excited and rubbing her hands together.
Henry looks on, still confused.
The crowd of human waste surrounds the car. There is no clear view of what is going on or what is being said. The people are franticly fighting their way to the windows as if they are baby birds getting food regurgitated from the mother.
“It never amazes me. He has so much power over these people. He is like God to them you know?
She grabs a camera from around her neck and starts snapping pictures.
“What do we do now?” Henry asks.
“We wait. Once he pulls off, we follow the people.” 
Just then, the car screeches and peels away, out into the darkness of the city. A patrol car rides along the road in front of the store, obviously having seen the car and the junkies, but does not follow or slow down to gather information from the crowd. A street light which was green quickly turns from yellow to red, causing the patrol car to turn is sirens on to go through the light. Once through the light, the siren turns off. The people form their separate groups and leave the scene chattering, all heading towards their drug dens.
“Are you ready?” she continues.
Henry shrugs his shoulders. 
They begin to follow one crowd down a non-lit street. The filth on the street is incomprehensible. Henry sees trash piled on the sides of the road, like it was just pushed to the side by a brittle broom and just piling on top of itself.
The houses down this street either have boarded up windows or have cellophane covering them. Vines of dead, brown ivy have grown up the sides and the weeds are waist high. The wood fences are dry rotted and falling apart. The cars in the driveways have no wheels and are held up by cinder blocks. A few hoods are open as well. 
The faint sound of police sirens fill the air along with that of ambulances and fire trucks forming an ambiance of the piercing sounds of accidents and emergencies. 
“Here we are.” 
They stop in front of a white Cape Cod. The house is decorated with dead, scraggly bushes on both sides of the door. The grass is at least thigh high. The front yard is littered with needles, cigarette butts, beer cans and bottles. The smell is horrific; combination of all of the previously mentioned trash plus the garbage cans with decaying debris and oddments. Large metallic green flies buzz around the cans.
The woman stomps through the tall grass and waves her arm to Henry. “We have to go along the side here.”
The dogs, next door, start howling, barking, and jumping on the chain linked fence.
They come to an open door at the back of the house that was somehow left open. Once inside, the rooms appear smaller than they would seem from the outside. Henry is in the early stages of claustrophobia. The wall paper is peeling off the walls and there is a stench of death in the air. 
Henry keeps looking around, getting more nauseated. Cabinet doors are off hinges and empty. The counter tops are covered with dirt, grime and spoiled food. The sink is filled with dirty dishes and silverware, and the trash bag has been ripped and torn into by scavenging animals. Giant house centipedes spot the walls. A snake slithers by his foot. 
The interior is lit only by candelabras and filled with shadows, making the macabre setting ever more mysterious and dangerous than it already is. Henry continues walking in to the living room area and sees the wild woman in the living room with three wastes of flesh, setting up her equipment for a photo shoot.
The first junkie looks like he was a war veteran; or just dressed like one. He is the oldest looking out of the bunch; grey hair, no teeth, lips and cheeks sucked into his mouth and his jaw has severe under bite and extends past his nose. He is wearing a red bandana and a camouflaged Army jacket with the sleeves cut off. At the end of the frayed sleeves are tattoo covered arms so blurred and wrinkled from age and decay that they are indecipherable. He also has no left leg and is sitting in a rusted out wheel chair.
The next junkie is passed out on the floor with his face buried underneath the couch. He is pale and bald.  His clothes are covered in dried mud.
The last junkie is the most horrid. He is sitting on a worn out couch, skeletal. His skin is paper thin and greenish-grey His ultra stained white tank top looks large. Every bone from his shoulders to his chest is visible. His collar bones shoot from the top of his shoulders like knives. His face is even more disfigured. His eye balls are bulging out of his sockets, and his chest bones are almost cutting through his thin skin. Even his teeth are visible through the tops of his lips, and his tongue is swollen inside his mouth from the Devil’s dry kiss. He also has a tunicate around his upper bicep. His arm looks like he has repeatedly stabbed himself with a black inked pen. A syringe is still in the nook of his elbow, and dried blood is spread throughout his forearm like spider webs.
The junkies are not moving AT ALL. They are stoned frozen, staring into oblivion. They do not even realize that others are even there. They look like they are arranged set pieces of the photo shot. 
The wild raggedy woman has set up her tri pod and is steadily snapping picture after picture, obviously not affected by her surroundings.. 
Henry’s heart is about to burst through his rib cage. Sweating bullets, he doubles over and vomits on the floor. He turns and runs towards the bathroom. He pushes open the door but can’t find a toilet. The room is filled with a thick, white smoke. He thinks he can hear what seem to be screams. They get louder and turn into a joyous chant. The white smoke begins to clear and on the floor, a man lying dead. Henry’s vision blurs but he can make out that the man is bleeding profusely. The chanting gets louder and louder and it speckled with small explosions. Henry walks closer to the man rubbing his eyes to better view the mayhem. The man is wearing a grey suit and is bleeding from his abdomen. Just then he hears something from outside. It sounds like a wooden door slammed. Henry scurries out of the room and over to the back door where they came in and sees nothing. He goes back to the room he just came from, opens the door, and sees and hears nothing; just a hole in the floor where a toilet used to be.
A car screeches loudly in front of the house.
“RUN! RUN! We have to get the hell out of here!” screams the manic woman.
She grabs the spaghetti legged Henry by his shirt and heads out the back door. The front door is being kicked with the intention of breaking in.
They run to the side of the house and peer around to see who is there. A black Lincoln Continental is parked out front. No one is there so they sprint up the street. Henry looks back to see who was breaking in and sees a well dressed man in a black suit running out the front door. He is an older man with short gray hair and a big, pompous nose. They make eye contact. Henry freezes. She sees this and runs back to grab Henry.
“We can’t stop now, let’s go!” she says panting.
They continue sprinting up the street and turn to cut through a heavily wooded forest, constantly running through thick spider webs that crack when they are torn. The tall pine trees are thin and swaying violently in every conceivable way, knocking into one another, only moments from snapping and falling to the earth. The other trees that have reached their fallen fate only serve as more obstacles.  The branches. Which are wrapped with ivy and throns, look as if they are trying to grab and swallow them. The rain has made the ground soft and muddy, and with every step the entirety of one foot sinks into the ground. 
Henry is panting, exhausted. His legs are already weak from the visual sickness he has endured. Every step requires full body strength. Henry hears sirens again in the background and can see the vague blue lights racing through the air. He can see the strange woman flailing her arms in the air as she runs. Her hair is wild and wet. 
They reach the end of the forest and come to a street with a lone abandoned office building. The wild woman, who was far ahead, walks into the front door of the building. Henry is struggling to take deep breathes. Sharp pains in his chest feel like stab wounds. He slowly walks towards the abandoned office building, not knowing what exactly lies behind that closed door.
He carefully walks through and sees emptiness. There is nothing in this building other than pillars, dust, stairs going directly into a wall, no door or opening at the top and another door on the first level left ajar with amber lighting shining through. He walks to the door slowly, placing his left hand on the door and cautiously pushes it open. She is hard at work at her work table, developing her newest pictures. The amber lighting protects the photographs from the damage of the visual spectrum. Henry walks around the room quietly, unnoticed. He looks at some photography hanging up to dry. He sees a woman lying next to train tracks, cut in half, entrails scattered across the ground. He walks closer to get a better look, reaching up, he grabs the photograph.
“No! Do not do that. You could sabotage my picture. It isn’t done drying,” the woman says furiously but carefully grabs the picture from Henry.
“Oh sorry. It is just an incredible picture. I wanted a closer look. What’s the story behind it?”
“I was walking home along the train tracks one day. And saw what I thought was a mannequin. Well, with blood,” she begins to snicker. “She apparently passed out drunk on the tracks and when the train came…split! Right in two! And I always have my cameras with me. Never know when something like that comes along.
“Incredible. I can think of a thousand places I would rather be if I were intoxicated than near train tracks.”
“You know what I kept thinking though? I wondered if her conscious mind knew what happened after the fact Like when people were guillotined, executed, they would make faces or cry. Some smile. I wondered when that train cut her in half, could she look and see that she was cut in half. Did she feel it? If so what is that pain like?”
Henry’s mouth drops. That is all she could think about? He thinks to himself ‘What if this dead woman was a mother?’ She surely had to be someone’s daughter. ‘How did her family feel?’
“I, I think shock sets in and takes over. I don’t think she would feel anything,” Henry says. 
She shrugs her shoulders and turns back to her table developing pictures. 
Henry continues walking around the room looking at different photographs. He scratches at his head. He feels something crawling on him. His eye catches a frightening image. A picture already developed but still hanging. 
Against a black background is a white face with a clean shaved head. Eye sockets black, pupils are red; which is the only color in the picture. His eye balls are bulging out and wide, so much so it may have broken the orbital bones around them. The head itself looks like just a human skull, covered with a thin layer of flesh and black lips. The cheeks are and sharp. The photograph draws Henry in closer he cannot take his eyes off of it. He grabs it, it is magnetizing. His hands start to shake, he is starting to sweat, he -
“That one was taken at a viewing I had the privilege of attending. I think every picture I take involves some sort of pain really,” she says interrupting the pictures hold over Henry.
Henry drops the picture on the floor. The red eyes follow Henry on the way down. He slides it under the table with his foot. “You don’t say. What do you plan to title your book?” 
“Circle the Drain, Tears in Vein.” But I spell vein like a vein for heroin. Do you like the word play? Whether it is physical or emotional, that is what I want to capture. My work will be able to help people see, really open their eyes. It’ll be a mirror, but also a way to see your future. People can live their life differently if they see their own future.”
Henry continues to look around the dark room. “Those people don’t live for anything, especially a future that offers nothing. Life is just something to live through, not for.” 
He scratches at his head and arms, once more pulling away shards of thick spider web from his head.
“You are very lonely aren’t you? I can see in your eyes you’re in a lot of pain. “
“Do you want to take my picture? Hey, who was that guy, at the house? I should’ve asked sooner.”
“That was nobody,” she quickly interrupts without even thinking.
“It had to be somebody. He was dressed a little too nice to be in such a dump like that. Do you know him?”
She is working more frantically, getting more frustrated.
Henry continues, “You looked so scared. A normal person would have been more scared of the deathly-looking people on those nasty couches. I –”
“Don’t worry about it, alright!” she yells high pitched and manically.
“Oh wow ok…”
The woman drops everything she is doing rather abruptly. She starts flapping her wrists to fan her and tears begin to well in her eyes. She tears her jacket off, slings it on the ground and starts crying hysterically. She rips photographs off her drying racks and knocks over her equipment. Henry stands back in awe. She throws herself in the corner of the room and sits down with her head in her hands between her knees. Henry slowly walks over in an attempt to consol her.
“I’m really sorry. I didn’t mean to pry.”
Henry is creeping closer to her, cautiously. A violent outburst could happen again at any minute, as the wild woman is crying uncontrollably.
“You just don’t understand what I have been through. All ever wanted to do was to just have a normal life, like everyone else.”
She wipes away some more tears and uses the bottom of her shirt to wipe her runny nose. 
Henry squats down beside her. He is now at her level.
 “Do you want to hear a story?”
“As long as it doesn’t involve vampires or werewolves sure.”
She clutches her hands together and looks towards the unlit ceiling.“It was Christmas and I was thirteen years old. I had just set up my new vanity I got. It was white wicker with and overlarge mirror. We were going to attend a party at City Hall. I didn’t want to go for obvious reasons, but my father thought it was important that we make an appearance. We got all dressed up. I used my vanity. The ride there was ironically tense. My father kept looking to my mother, who was silently weeping, and telling her that everything would be alright. She never looked back at him. I was so confused but all I could keep looking at was the first snow falling into the windshield. Once we got there my father grabbed me tightly and held me close. I could feel his hands squeezing my shoulders and his body tensing up. The dance hall was large and beautiful. Everyone was wearing black and white and dancing on the black white tile floor. There wasn’t the first table or chair anywhere. My mother was still crying, but wiping all her tears away with her kerchief. He lead me over to the bar where he ordered himself an Amaretto sour and my mother a vodka and cranberry. He was telling me over and over again how much he loved me which made me both happy but nervous. Instead of going back and finding my mother, who disappeared, he led me down a long hallway with one door at the very end straight ahead. There were no pictures on the wall or anything. Just white, like a hospital. At the door we stopped and one final time he said, ‘you know how much l love you right’? I said quietly, ‘yes I do father.’ he opened the door and guided me inside. It was dark. Once the door shut I stood there for a moment confused. Then the light came on. There a bunch of dressed up uniformed police officers. Hats, mirrored glasses and shirts with badges on them. They didn’t have any pants on, but had long black socks and black boots. They were all holding hands. I was drawn to the center of the room where an incredibly fat man sat on the ground like a dog. He was wearing a cowboy hat, bolo tie, a gold watch and white underpants. Nothing else. He wasn’t looking up at me. I stared for a moment, and then I realized the circling cops were inching closer and closer and closer, moving me inward to the center of the room until I stand next to the fat cowboy. Finally he slowly rose, but not like a normal person. His stomach was so big that his legs needed to be placed wider and he slumbered up with a labored grunt. He bumped me with his belly. His skin was so pasty and white but his forearms, neck and face were tan. He took his tooth pick out of his mouth and said to me, ‘you ever rode a stud?’ I didn’t understand what that meant but the circling cops were steadily moving even closer until I was stomach to stomach with him. I looked in their glasses and saw myself. They didn’t smile or have any emotion. I stared at each and every one of them and saw myself. After that I could never look in my white, wicker vanity the same way.”
Henry has sat down on the floor, weakened.
“So I ran, and I loved and hated what I saw. There were no emotions. No love, pain, suffering.  Just death. I found death in that moment. In the reflection of the protectors’ eyes I saw my own death.”
 Henry is heart-broken and slightly bewildered. He contemplates putting a hand on her shoulder. He reaches slowly over, fidgeting along the way until it finally lands. 
She relaxes her shoulders and is somewhat at ease, feeling better that she has connected with someone. Her volcanic explosion has released some of her dormant demons.
Well I think you are just fine doing what ever you want. You don’t seem to be hurting anyone. But until you confront him you will never truly be free. Running away is not revolting.”
Hope is lost. 
He continues, “I think I am going to the restroom. I am still a little ill from earlier. And from what you just told me.”
He is stunned with how dirty and squalid the bathroom is. The sink is a stand alone sink mounted against the wall. The knobs are broken off and the drain pipes are broken before they reach the ground. They are also rusted through. The color of the sink used to be white, but the layers of dirt and grime permanently changed the color to brown. The toilet was beyond unusable. There was no seat and no water in the bowl. It was the same color as the sink. Dirt and dust explode off the floor with each of Henry’s steps. Wood planks were also on the floor with rusty, tetanus covered nails on each side of them.
He walks over to the mirror and tries to pull himself together. The mirror is broken so he can see inside the medicine cabinet. He opens the cabinet and sees burned, metal spoons, a black case and a cloudy plastic bag with the remnants of white powder inside. 
Henry slowly unzips the black bag and sees her refuge; a contaminated syringe. He puts everything back into the cabinet and shuts the mirror. A reflection in the mirror is of the beaten and bruised man. The face is beaten beyond recognition. His eyes are blacken and swollen. The left side of his face is another swollen mess. The left eye may be lost for good. Blood is dripping from the cuts around the mouth and eyes. Henry walks backward out of the bathroom; the reflection remains unchanged and unmoved.
He walks back in the dark room; the wild and now fragile woman is frantically looking for something. She is knocking over containers, equipment and pictures. She tears through her cabinets and drawers until she finally finds what she is looking for: a small razor blade. She rolls up her sleeve which is adorned with other small cuts and scars, most on her forearms. They vary in length, some small, maybe and inch or two. Others could be upwards of six inches long. The worst of all is the one from the palm of her hand to the middle of her forearm. She puts the blade against her skin. She presses the blade into her arm. Blood trickles out. She relaxes. Henry, who was unnoticed, runs over and grabs the blade, tosses it aside and grabs her arm forcefully. 
“What are you doing? What are those?”
“They’re cuts and scrapes, what do they look like?”
“Did you do all of this to yourself?”
“It is the only pain in my life that I can control,” she insanely giggles.
She crosses her arm to cover the scars and looks away from Henry. 
Henry rises and is slightly alarmed.  Her struggle towards freedom is not only a physical one but she still struggles with emotional freedom. 
She doesn’t acknowledge him. She starts rocking back and forth mumbling to herself and shaking.
“I think it might be best if you at least try to get some help. I know someone you can talk to.”
She raises her head; eyes are gigantic and turning red with anger. 
“I can’t imagine it being any worse than where you are or where you’re going to end up,” he says softly and carefully as if his words were walking on thin ice.
“Excuse me! Who are you to tell me what is best for me? Are you kidding me?”
“If you’re mind isn’t even free how do you expect to be free at all?”
“Get out!!”
She grabs her camera and heaves it across the room at Henry, connecting with the left side of his face right by his eye, opening him up. She starts terrorizing her work space. She starts knocking over her equipment and ripping up her pictures. Her screams are blood curdling. 

Henry, who was briefly knocked out, awakens and is now semi conscious on the ground, lying in a pool of his own blood. He tries getting up, using the table as a means to lift him. He struggles back to his feet and he sees a photograph he passed over. It is of him; by his mother’s grave. Paper clipped to that picture is of another woman lying dead on the floor. She is dressed in nice clothes that are assembled poorly. Her hair is a scattered mess and covering her face. Her shoes are missing and there is a gun beside her head, which is missing its entire back half. He raises, picture in hand, utterly confused. 
“What is this? Have you been following me? Was I going to be a part of your book? You just wanted to use me! Who is this woman?”
“STOP IT, PLEASE STOP IT!” she screeches.
“This is so wrong and so disgusting. I cannot believe this! You know what; this is never going to work, your idea. You can’t induce a personal apocalypse on people and be a hypocrite at the same time. You are no better than the people you try to help. And you want to help save, show them their future? What about yours? There is nothing you can do for those who don’t want change. You of all people should know. Maybe instead of trying to change others change the world of the drug addict’s, maybe you should start by changing yourself. There is no future for them, for you, for me. Wake up!”
The woman lets out another screeching scream. “OH MY GOD! PLEASE STOP! PLEASE! YOU ARE HURTING ME MORE THAN ANYTHING BEFORE! PLEASE GO! STOP IT! GET OUT! LEAVE ME ALONE!”
She throws her tri pod towards Henry who finally runs out of the dark room, through the empty and dusty corridor and back outside. 
Henry walks quickly out of the building and down the sidewalk, blood dried to his head, side of his face, and also covering the front of his shirt.
There’s a junkie sitting on the ground along side the building. He looks like an out of work rock and roller. He has short, black hair that is like spikes and chains around his neck.  His tight, black leather pants are littered with holes. Upon further examination, he looks more like a cliché. He is completely out of it, catatonic, although he has a one hundred dollar bill tuckered into his front pant pocket.
Henry merely steps over top of him without the junkie even flinching. He walks down the street and finally looks back towards the abandoned office building. The junkie is gone.
  He looks around; infinitely confused. There are other buildings around, apartment buildings, with lights on the inside. He sees a shadowy silhouette staring at him through one of the windows. Henry quickly turns and walks down the road back towards the darkness of the city.



V



Henry can’t sleep. His stomach is knots and his face and head are swollen. He lies in bed on his side staring at the clock, waiting for the alarm to ring true. Hopefully once that alarm goes off his day will start just as the others and provide a renewed sense of familiarity. He inhales deeply, closes his eyes and when he begins to slowly exhale the walls begin to rumble and shake violently. The plastic crate night stand falls over, clock radio also. Henry jumps out of bed confused. He cannot regain his footing and is stumbling around his room. The floor is flowing and bending as if it were water. He hears something crash in another room in the house, maybe and old picture frame. He cannot gather his footing and falls over onto the floor crawling helplessly towards his the door.
As quickly as the quake happens, it ends. He grabs his clock radio, still on the ground; it shows no time. Henry is panicking. He rushes to the shower; he turns the knob but no water. He runs towards his sink; no water from the sink either. He cannot shower or brush his teeth. As he attempts to run through his bathroom doorway, he steps on something which pops like a blown light pulp. He looks down to the ground and sees the mirror to the medicine cabinet has fallen to the floor. Blood starts running from the bottom of his foot. He grabs a large band aid from the cabinet and tries his best to cover the wound. Finally able to leave, he runs in front of his closet and blindly yanks his work clothes out. 
The talk radio show turns back on somehow with breaking news surrounded by static and white noise,” we have just received word from Sheriff Wharton that a body has been found and was taken to the hospital where this person was pronounced dead on arrival. The body has since been transported to the coroner’s office for identification. The investigation is still ongoing but it is believed to be an apparent homicide. This is a developing story and we will have more for you later when we get more information. But let me repeat a body of a young female has been found.” 
Henry finishes getting ready for work and grabs his keys. The radio is now suffering from complete signal loss. A massive storm has arrived with torrential rains colliding into the home like bodies and strong, whistling winds. He runs across the room to turn his radio off then proceeds toward the door. He does not even have a jacket on.
The sky is dark grey and purple from a thick cloud cover. The down pour continues with rain drops the size of large marbles. Not only that but it is cold, so much so that when Henry exhales it looks like he could breathe fire.
He looks at his wall mounted mail box and notices a white envelope partially sticking out. He grabs it. The letter is not sealed, stamped nor addressed. There’s something inside. Henry pulls it out. It is a cut out portion of a newspaper article. The headline reads:
‘PARANOID SCHIZOPHRENIC MOTHER KILLS SELF IN HOTEL ROOM WITH YOUNG CHILD WAITING AT HOME’
Henry begins to read the article aloud, “After a 5 hour hostage situation authorities finally detained the couple were spotted stealing drugs from a local college dormitory.” He skips ahead in the article because the names in have deliberately blacked out. “During interrogation the male was sweating profusely, stammering and slurring his words and was talking nonsensical gibberish. Prominent interrogator Detective Pash asked the young man if he was alright and he answered that he had been smoking and shooting heroin for two hours prior to the police arrival.” he skips ahead to the last paragraph of the article and reads, “the woman at the scene was an older woman, a mother, and had died of a self inflicted gun shot wound to the head.”
Henry, confused, angrily crumples up the article without reading another word and discards it on the ground. The crumbled paper floats along the water following him as he runs up the stairs.
Henry sloshes his way down the same streets as he does every morning onward to the cemetery, pushing open the creaky gate and following the path that leads to where the grave of his deceased mother lies. He is being pelted by the rain drops and now hail which are falling much faster and harder. He is unfazed. 
He hears a camera clicking and popping. He snaps his head around the graveyard, sees nothing. All he sees are endless headstones, small scraggly bushes and trees being pushed astray by the gale force winds. The winds are lifting his wet hair from his head. While bringing his head back around he sees the statue of the bereaved angel. Her head has been taken off, not by the strong winds, but by a vandal; evident by the pulverized stone that used to be her head.
He refocuses his attention back to his mother’s headstone, when he hears it again. He angrily turns, clinching his teeth and starts the hunt for the photographer, knowing it is probably crazed woman from the night before who left the throbbing, swollen mass on his head. He stomps through the graveyard, surveying his surroundings. The ground is loose so he cannot keep his footing very well. He looks behind the bushes and up trees. He still cannot see much beyond the dense fog which is finally starting to rise. He begins to wonder if the spirits of the dead are merely playing tricks on his fragile mind, this being a somber day. He frustratingly ends his search and leaves the graveyard in disappointment, built upon a foundation of sadness. He passes through the creaky cemetery gate and onto the street.
The wind is blowing the pouring rain side ways. The dense fog remains as well and visibility is only about three feet. Henry doesn’t even have a jacket on. He hears something in the distance other than the rain. A voice. He cannot see who it is coming from but it seems to be getting closer and closer. Louder and louder, but he still can’t make out what exactly is being said or who is saying it. Just then a violent collision sends Henry on his back on the side walk. The back of his head bounces off the concrete. He slowly raises when another black shadowy figure hits him again in the back and disappears into the fog. While dazed another shadowy figure rams into him, then another. More and more heavy impacts send him spinning and falling listlessly to the wet concrete. Finally, they all completely disappear into the dense fog before Henry can get a decent look at them.
Henry starts to run down the street blinded in pain. Another massive, violent collision stops him. He cannot move. Henry is seized by two hands on his upper arms. Squeezing tightly. A dark face fades into his view. It is the drunk, psychotic Holy Roller. Reeking of gin, cigarettes and bad breath; he closes in on Henry, who is shocked, bringing his face in close to Henry’s.
“Do you not know? Have you not heard? The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth. He will not grow tired or weary, and his understanding no one can fathom. He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak. Even youths grow tired and weary, and young men stumble and fall; but those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint.”
Holy Roller has a sense about Henry. He can sense that there is no God in his life. This aggravates him. He clinches his teeth and squeezes Henrys’ arms even tighter to where his grimy, untrimmed and germ infested finger nails dig into Henry’s skin and blood begins to trickle down. He starts shaking Henry violently. Henry can only groan and struggle for deep breaths. He is unable fight himself free.
Holy Roller brings his head even closer. They are nose to nose. He lowers his voice and speaks sternly and slowly. This a voice ravaged by years of alcohol and smoke.
“The people of the land have practiced extortion and committed robbery. They have oppressed the poor and needy, and have extorted from the sojourner without justice. He holds victory in store for the upright; he is a shield to those whose walk is blameless, for he guards the course of the just and protects the way of his faithful ones. Then you will understand what is right and just and fair—every good path. For wisdom will enter your heart, and knowledge will be pleasant to your soul. Discretion will protect you, and understanding will guard you. Wisdom will save you from the ways of wicked men, from men whose words are perverse, who leave the straight paths to walk in dark ways, which delight in doing wrong and rejoice in the perverseness of evil, whose paths are crooked and who are devious in their ways. It will save you also from the adulteress, from the wayward wife with her seductive words, who has left the partner of her youth and ignored the covenant she made before God. For her house leads down to death and her paths to the spirits of the dead. None who go to her return or attain the paths of life. Thus you will walk in the ways of good men and keep to the paths of the righteous. For the upright will live in the land, and the blameless will remain in it.”
Henry finally breaks free by shoving the man with his foot and runs down the street as fast as he can.
The Holy Roller laughs at Henry and yells to him, “Don’t you be afraid, for I am with you. Don’t be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you. Yes, I will help you. Yes, I will uphold you with the right hand of my righteousness.”
He runs through the downtown streets, passing the train station, the old paper factory and finally makes it to Al’s Used Auto Parts. Once in the parking lot he slows down, panting as he walks with his head down and hands in his pockets, he is rattled and at his wits end. He brings his head up and sees two men in black uniforms and black sunglasses leaving the front door of the shop. They both stare down him as they walk towards their car. They keep their gaze on him throughout their walk to the car and while they are in the car.
Henry arrives at the back ‘Employees Only’ door staring at the car in bewilderment. He opens the door and walks to his desk. He is late. Of course Maxwell hasn’t arrived either. To his surprise, his desk is empty. There is no Encyclopedia of parts inventories on his desk or any form of transaction sheets. He sluggishly lowers himself down into his chair to rest just for a second. Maybe work can be his sanctuary. Henry throws his head back and inhales deeply. Before he can exhale a voice comes over the intercom, “Henry to the office, please. Henry could you please come to the office.”
Henry remains seated just for a minute. He just can not get a moments peace. He eventually gets up and walks by the window to the office and stops to look in before he enters. Tim is sitting at his desk with papers scattered everywhere. His head is in his hands. He takes his head out of his hands to rubs his forehead and eyes raw. John is standing behind him leaning against the wall with a cup of coffee, looking sadly down at Tim and his desk. John is also shaking his head and talking to Tim, who doesn’t seem to be listening.
Henry walks nervous because Tim looks absolutely distraught. John, however, looks like he has accomplished something. His new confidence makes Henry even more nervous. Henry rubs his sweaty palms together and looks down at the ground.
“John, you’re going to have to excuse us for a moment,” says a Tim solemnly.  
John walks towards the door, not taking one eye off of Henry. 
“You wanted to see me, sir?”
“We have a problem, Henry, we have a big problem. These inventory reports you have been doing are not matching up. There are too many variations.”
“I don’t understand. I can’t be wrong. I know what I am doing.”
“We are getting audited. That is what you need to understand. Somehow, someway you haven’t been doing your job. “
“That is not true. I do my job well. I have been doing this for a long time and there has never been a problem.”
“Well there’s a problem now, a big problem. Al doesn’t like to see that there is any chance that he is losing money. And when these reports don’t match up with what comes in and what goes out, he assumes he is losing money. He actually thinks someone is stealing from him. And John tells me you go into the break room and steal the newspaper every evening. So he has an auditor coming to look at the books and look at our inventory. This is all on you.” He sighs and sits back into his chair with his arms raised and clutches each behind his head. He continues, “I understand things get hard on you this time of year. Personally I know. Al doesn’t want to hear excuses however, not from me or you.”
“Yeah, I guess I haven’t been seeing things clearly lately.”
Tim rises in his chair. His face goes pale. His stomach is starting to turn and he goes cold.
“Al wants you gone, Henry. I have the last of you pay checks here.”
“I am beyond words. This is coming out of nowhere. I just hope you know how hard I have worked for you. I have never caused you problems. I am never late, and I have always been reliable and dependable. Other than that, I have no idea what is going on. I have no idea.”
Tim hands over an envelope which Henry reaches for and grabs. Henry gets up, and walks towards the door. 
“What happened to your face Henry?” Tim yells trying to reach him before he leaves.
“I fell during the earthquake.”
Tim looks down to the ground and shakes his head.
Henry immediately walks into the break room and picks up today’s paper again and tucks it under his arm. The television is on and there is a press conference taking place outside of Radcliffe City Hall. The man at the podium is eerily familiar. He is Sheriff Wharton, smirking, chewing on a toothpick with his turkey neck swinging below his chin. His large cowboy hat is shielding his eyes. 
“This morning I was awaken by one of my deputies to arrive a particular crime scene. Upon arrival we noticed a beaten body of a young woman. This was a woman full of intellect, adventure, and ambition. A sweet woman who bled the colors of our flag. Unfortunately, I knew this woman. I knew her real well. The hardest thing I had to do was pick up the telephone and call this young lady’s folks. That, my friends, is a phone call I never want to make. I am sure that it will take a life time to get over the pain from losing something you created. Her life was taken from her too soon. However, we are encouraged. The Radcliffe Police Department did not and absolutely does not rest. We work hard to make this the safest damn city in this here country. Our meticulously detailed investigation is almost wrapped up. As a matter of fact we plan to make an arrest this evening on the suspect. This clearly eases no pain or brings this beautiful lady back. But-”
A sharp ringing commences in Henrys’ ears. He is able to see the televised press conference but cannot hear it. The mouths continue to move. His body goes numb and his legs give out. He stumbles into a chair at the table where he picked up the paper. He clutches his chest and is gasping for air and having a hard time catching his breath. He grinds his teeth, closes his eyes and frantically gets up runs out off the break room. 
Henry, panicking, sits back down at his desk, picks up the phone and dials numbers faster than he ever has before. The phone rings twice and goes to an automated voice message system, “Hello Mr. Hoffer how are you? I have been better. Look, I know I am not supposed to see you for another couple days but I really need to talk to you. These past few days have weird and different and I just need someone to talk to about it.”
Out of the corner of Henry’s eye, he sees Maxwell arriving late as always. And as usual he immediately switches on the old radio to his favorite classic rock station, but it is all static.
Henry continues, “Fit me in anywhere. Now later whichever, I hope you have time but I just need to talk to you. So much has gone on this morning. It has nothing to do with the accident or the significance of today, but then again I can’t be sure. I guess I can’t be sure of much right now.”
Maxwell continues turning the tuning knob but to no avail. The static seems to be growing louder and louder. The white noise has returned and so have the mysterious voices. A high pitched ‘rise’ is said repeatedly. The static has taken on a life of its own and now seems to be attacking and taunting Henry. It slithers into his ears and into his brain. His heart starts to thump rapidly inside his chest. His blood is boiling and irrational thought are being considered. Finally another vocalization is heard; a guttural growl, ’FALL.’ 
Maxwell is absent minded and unconcerned. 
Henry slams the phone on his desk and walks over to Maxwell and his radio with a vengeance. 
“Hey man, I was getting ready to ask you for help with this old piece of…” Maxwell is interrupted as Henry seizes the radio and picks it up over his head and smashes it to smithereens on the concrete floor.  He grabs his computer from his desk and throws it on top of the radio. A black heavy torsion bar is leaning up against the wall, which Henry grabs. He swings it at the pile of broken old technology and shatters it all to pieces, constantly swinging and swinging.
Maxwell stares for a moment in awe then finally runs to the front of the shop in absolute terror.
Henry continues slamming the bar into the ground and begins screaming loudly. Sweat is pouring from his head. He yells and screams with each swing. Finally after a few more minutes of trying to smash each piece of plastic into a fine powder, he stops. He looks down at his mess and for once he has released some form of tension. He merely drops the bar to the ground and the clanging echoes of the walls of the shop. He stares up to the ceiling where there are large cracked windows, slowly dripping water onto the floor. He lets some of the drops fall on him before he turns and walks out of the door.
Henry is sitting alone waiting for Mr. Hoffer. 
The office has completely changed. The room is much smaller. The walls seemed to have closed in. Henry can sit in the old, rusted steel chair, extend his arms from his side and touch the walls with the palms of his hands. They are also empty. Gone are the shelves of medical books and journals. There isn’t even any wear on the walls as if they were there in the first place. The only wear on the walls seem to be structurally. There are cracks running from the ceiling to floor. The wallpaper looks like it has been peeled off, but not all the way as some pieces are still hanging. There are also holes in the wall revealing the studs behind the dry wall. The studs look as though they have been feasted on by generations of termites
The rain is pounding against the roof of the office causing it to leak and form puddles on the floor, creating a mixture of upswept dirt and water. 
Mr. Hoffer bursts through the door looking flustered and haggard. His hair is not wet from the rain, but greasy as if he hasn’t kept up with himself. The water must have just slipped right off after it couldn’t be absorbed. He is panting and anxious. His clothes are filthy. He looks as if he has been sleeping outside in the mud.
The lights begins flickering on and off like a strobe light.
“Ok Henry, let’s go. How can I be of service to you?”
“Well, it just seems like a lot of strange stuff is happening to me. I would hate to think it has any meaning, but I do. It is all too coincidental…”
“…to your mother’s death?” Mr. Hoffer interrupts.
“I don’t know. That’s the problem. I just have this feeling like I’m being watched and targeted. Like at any moment something really bad is going to happen to me. I don’t think at this moment my mind is in sanity. This paranoia is becoming reality to me.”
“Of course it is. None of our minds are completely sane. You are not alone or special. And it will only get worse. There is a lot of change on the horizon. Your life will change, forever, everything that you have become accustomed, forever being different, it will be painful. You will have to adjust. And then something else will happen and you will have to repeat over and over again. Everything is the same but different. When you try and keep the status quo you will be swallowed up by those who induce the revolution.”
Revolution?
Mr. Hoffer is getting excited and his nerves make him wiggle and fidget in his rusty metal chair.
“Yes, yes, Henry! The revolution! The personal apocalypse! The change of us all. When it all happens where do you think you will be? In your dumpy little shack? One day you are going to be inside that place when they board it up. Never to see the light, never to see the new world around you, is this how it is going to be? “
“I really think I just need rest. Sleep may help. I can just fall back asleep and sleep through it all. “
“Leave the sleeping for the dead,” Mr. Hoffer says in a deep, guttural voice. “The rain will stop and the storms will pass. The streets will be as clean as our conscious. The trees will bloom the most beautiful leaves. The sun will shine brighter than it ever has a blinding light but not a burning light. “
Mr. Hoffer is now standing looking towards the water damaged ceiling. The lights are still flickering.
“I do not know how much more of this I can take. I have come so accustomed to the way I live my life. I have become tolerant of the misguided hopes of the people here. This place is too absurd for hope.” 
His face begins to throb and pulsated again. Blood slowly trickles down his face causing Mr. Hoffer so divert his attention from the ceiling to the red. He is transfixed and slightly turned on. 
“Everything in my life was neither good nor bad,” Henry continues. “It was managed and dictated by me. No one else. Not anymore. My life is being managed and dictated someone or something else and I am in now in a place where I am being pushed and pulled in directions I have never thought existed. It’s like my endings have no beginnings. I just need rest. I don’t think I have truly slept in weeks. Maybe my mind is torturing me. I think that is what it is. My mind is deprived. It is starving. I’m so tired.”
“Everything will be as it needs to be,” says Mr. Hoffer who is staring at the blood intensely. 
“Or maybe everything I do and say is really meaningless?”
“No, Henry. You have a meaning. Your life has a meaning. It may not be meaningful to you, but it is to someone else. Justice has a meaning and a reason. We are in a time where justice’s meaning may be twisted and manipulated to accommodate those who have the power to use it.”
“Are you talking about the girl who died?”
“She will be used as the symbol for them. A means to let the people know that the change is for the good, a means let the city know that good will outweigh evil. It will be a means to let the city sleep with their doors unlocked having been blessed by the venom of bliss. The black sunshine will rise, Henry. The reign will rise to unprecedented heights. You will not see them. It is far from your comprehension. The abuse and illusions will be the result of the high which we all look for and will continue to chase to no avail. The madmen will be wiser then the wise men, for the wise men have been banished into death’s graces clutched in the frozen pit of the ninth circle. Their morals gnawed on by blunt teeth that can’t tear. But to the madman what are morals? And what of hope? Hope and morals lay on the wings of and insect that aimlessly flies around the spider whose web was spun with webs laced with injustice and failure. Once trapped, ambition is lost and freedom comes from death’s release. Hope has been extinguished by the man who created her. He sat atop her and silenced her demons. Now rest.
“What if the men or spiders as you call them, who bring this change, are evil?
“You and I both know where this is headed. There is not the need to waste breath or energy on something as pointless and nonexistent as hope should be. The spiders will look for those on the fringe. The people who can easily be disposed of will be the guilty and subsequently persecuted. I think that will be all for today Henry. I hope I helped. If I were you, run. Sleep will do us no good right now. “
Mr. Hoffer runs out of the door, leaving Henry by himself in the small room. The lights are still flickering.
Henry finds himself sitting in a clean room sitting at a small table across from an older, bearded man in a white sleepwear. Henry doesn’t quite know how he got to where he is at, but somehow feels an ironic sense of comfort.
“This doesn’t make since,” Henry mumbles.
“It’s complicated,” says the old man trying to comfort Henry.
“How did this happen?” 
“He’ll be fine Henry, don’t worry,” says the nurse who is knitting but otherwise not paying much attention.
“Can I get a minute with my dad alone?” asks Henry
“Yeah sure, just try and make it quick. The doctors don’t like being held up,” says the stuck up nurse.
 Henry turns and looks at the nurse with disgust. The nurse turns to leave Henry alone with his father.
“I need to tell you something, Dad. And I was hoping that you would tell me something also. Honestly. Man to man.”
“What’s that? You look worse than I do. Is everything ok?”
“No Dad. No. This is hard for me because I know how much you want to see me do well and succeed and all, but I don’t think Radcliffe is a place I can do that. Like you said, I look like a freak, and I feel different. I think I have found myself in some trouble. And I don’t know how, but I just want to get out of this place. 
“You’re just saying that because I’m in a hospital.” 
“No dad, this is something that’s been on my mind. I’m so lonely here. There’s nothing here for me. I’ve become something I want no part of. I see things I want no part of. And it’s hard for me to see you being so far from home. You’re here with all these things constantly hooked up to your head and monitoring everything and I’m hundreds of miles away. I miss someone being home. I miss the bed I sleep in. I miss the smell of our house. I miss mom freaking out when the dishes aren’t done or when she gets off of work and there’s laundry everywhere and she complains about how she’s the only one who does anything around the house. don’t you remember those days? I miss everything. Don’t you?”
Tears flow from both of them.
“Sometimes, I miss those days, too. Unfortunately those days are why I am here and you are there. All we wanted was what is best for you. And if deep down you know that you need to leave, and then leave. I’m behind you one hundred percent.”
“I know dad. I know.”
“Can you give it until the end of the semester? Just take care of that, find out where you want to go and I’ll help you.”
“Thanks dad. Wait. Semester? I don’t go to school Dad.”
“Oh.”
“Look I know you may have a hard time talking about this although I’m sure you talked about it with someone and had it run through your head a million times, but I  gave to know. I got this newspaper article in the mail this morning unmarked.”
“That’s tampering with a mail box! That’s a federal crime!”
“Yeah I know Dad, but that’s not the point. It was the article itself. About a woman who shot herself in a motel with a college student. It is eerie that I got this letter on the anniversary that you say you found Mom dead.”
“Strange day indeed. Rather peculiar.”
“How did she really die?”
“Did you read the entire article?”
“Not all. The names were blacked out.”
“Of course.” Henry’s dad takes a deep breath and sits back down on his bed shaking his head. “She was always full of dreams which changed everyday. But she never pursued her dreams. What’s the point of having them if you fail to act upon them? Well she met someone, someone who said they could fulfill her desires, really open her mind up creatively and to new possibilities. Then everything took a turn for the worse. I never saw her anymore. She wasn’t the same woman after that. She would leave and be gone for days and I would be relieved. When I found out that she literary opened her mind of with the revolver, I was happy for the first time. I was sick of caring due to caring so much it made me sick. A widower can’t be happy after the death of his wife. However I couldn’t say that to a young boy whose mother abandoned him and his existence. Everything I did was to protect you.”
Two nurses walk into the room, “Time for your prep,” says the plump nurse who walks slowly from arthritis. The plump nurse is the muscle of the team and grabs Henry’s dad by the shoulders, holding him still while he sits up. The other nurse pulls his long hair and starts slicing it off with a knife, yanking his head in a different directions in a quick, jerky fashion. Henry’s dad merely sits there looking up through a lowered brow and with an empty and absent minded look upon his face.
“If we could afford razors this would be some much easier and quicker,” the slicing nurse says with a laugh, causing the other to laugh as well. 
Henry sits and watches as they slowly slice his dad’s hair with a blunt knife. More hair comes out from the pulling and grabbing than with blunt knife causing blood to slowly begin trickling down, which the plump nurse wipes with an old, torn rag. 
Blotches of hair still remain and decorate the cut and torn skull of his dad as they slowly lay him down on his bed and position him comfortably. The plump nurse stuffs a used mouth piece in his mouth, “this will keep your tongue in place,” she chuckles. They engage the wheels on the bed and begin to push him out towards the hallway as Henry helplessly watches, still sitting. 
Henry is walking towards his house, hoping to get some peace of mind, even for a moment. Peace of mind is hard to come by when walking the streets with water up to your ankles and rain still pounding. The murky water is slowly being gargled up by the sewers and vents. 
Cold, black clouds darken the skies above. No stars can be seen and darkness covers the light from the moon. The only light on the street are the old, flickering streets lights and the occasional lightning strike
It is eerily quiet, especially for a college town. Not a soul is out. The fear of murder is lying like a tremulous blanket over the city. 
The downtown strip malls on both sides of the street used to be a likely night spot. There was a bar, two tattoo shops, antique stores, a Latin food grocery, a Radcliffe grocery, a restaurant only serving chili burgers and hotdogs, an appliance store, a hardware store, a small one dollar cinema showing old films, the town locksmith and a pawn shop. Now the strip has been abandoned, looted and abandoned again. No signs remain of what would tell a newcomer what was there, every pane of glass has been shattered and the stores have been devoured by looters and left to emptiness. The trees on the sidewalk which used to be lush green and covered in string lights have fallen over into some of the shops.
Henry comes to his house, built by the blind carpenter and walks down the stairs only to find the door bolted shut and wood over his windows. He angrily starts kicking the door, but to no avail. Lying on the ground next to the door is a hammer which was presumably used to board up the windows. He repeatedly strikes the lock, it still will not open. He walks to the window and uses the back end of the hammer to pry the wood off the siding. It works. The glass has already been shattered, so he slides through.
The darkness remains in the room. Nothing is visible. Henry blindly walks over to where his light switch is and flicks it on. No light. He keeps flicking it on off and gets the same results. No light. 
Lightning FLASHES. As quickly as the flash, Henry sees a pale faced man in front of him. He throws Henry down to the ground. He pounces on top of him, sitting on his chest. Henry is struggling and trying to fight back. Blackness again. With every flash of lightning Henry sees the face. Pale. Thin. Unfazed. Unmoving. Eyes, bulging from their sockets. Lips dried and wrinkled. Nose; no existent. He has one hand under Henry’s jaw pushing it upwards locking his teeth together. The other hand is pinching Henry nostrils like pliers. The intruder is cloaked in black. He looks like he is wearing an officers hat but Henry can’t be sure. The lightning reflects off of what would be a badge in the center. He is seemingly as heavy as the Hell he crawled out from. All of Hell’s weight is compressed and weighing down on Henry’s chest. Henry begins to go limp. His flailing legs and swinging arms lose power and velocity and slow down. They drag. They stop. With that, the intruder slowly crawls away from Henry on his finger tips and toes like a lizard and bounds effortlessly out of the broken window unscathed. 
Henry regains his breath, but is panting. A surge of electricity hits. His bedroom light powers on. All of the furniture in the room is rearranged and ransacked. The plastic crate night stand is lying on the ground with the drawer thrown across the room. His small refrigerator is placed in the bathroom. The sheets from his bed are ripped off and the bed is tilted against the wall. His closet is opened and all of his closes are missing.
As Henry stands frozen he looks at the center of the floor and sees a set of photographs. They are of him at the graveyard this morning. All in different angles, close-ups of his face, the head stone are all indicative of more than one photographer. The last photograph however sends chills throughout his body. The hair on the back of his neck is standing. He feels as if someone has just punched him in the stomach after already being sick from eating something that gives him food poisoning. It is the pictures of him and the woman that were taken by Hope. He drops the pictures and they slowly flutter on their way down to the floor. Henry doubles over in pain, and on the floor he can see the scant reflection of blue lights coming in through the broken out window. He hears officers running on the ground outside.
“B and E, B and E. he is in there!” shouts one officer who may be standing by the window that was already broken before Henry got there.
There is nowhere for Henry to run. They have formed a perimeter outside, but even still, his door has locked him in. He hears a loud banging on the door. They’re trying to break in. Then finally the officers slide through the broken window, guns drawn. 
“Down on the ground! Hands in the air and down on the ground! You aren’t running anymore are you?” shouts a bear of and officer.
Henry does as he is told.
The front door finally gives way and splinters and disintegrates as the officers pour in as if they are a rising river breaking through a levy. 
Another officer from behind Henry grabs him by the shirt, spins him around and SLAMS a worn out and defenseless Henry to the ground. His head bounces off the floor as if it were a rubber ball
This room is bare, old and gray. The only things in the room are a table and two chairs. Bulbs are blown on the lights overhead. 
Henry is sitting in one of the chairs by the table. The entire left side of his face is swollen, his eye is black and blood has filled his eye ball, making the whites of his eye red. He is unsettled and unsure. He blinks his eyes rapidly trying to adjust them. He stares at the observation window, finally knowing where he is. Now he can only imagine who or what is one the other side of the glass. He tries taking a deep breath, knowing he needs to exude confidence as a way of showing his innocence, however, through reading his paper, he knows that in small town justice you are guilty until proven innocent. Unfortunately, that deep breath does not come.
The door opens and a man in his mid 30s in a dress suit and badge around his belt walks into the room. He is a detective; Detective Pash. He is carrying a case file, a note pad and a small rotating fan, which he positions in front of himself.
“Hello Henry. How are you?” says Detective Pash with a fake pleasant smile sliced on his face. He extends his hand toward Henry, which he shakes. “Rough night? I am detective Pash, I am sure you have heard of me before.”
“Yes sir.”
“It has been a wild few hours hasn’t it? You know, I didn’t have a lot of friends growing up Henry. I was kind of a loner in a roundabout way. Would you say the same about yourself or do you have lots of friends?”
“I don’t have any friends. Any person my age that I may have been acquaintances with before is gone. Once they went to college and graduated, you never hear from them again. Nowadays people just annoy me. What does this have to with anything? Why am I here?” 
“Did you go to college?”
“No sir. No college. I went to work right after high school.”
“Man, I hate to say it but you missed out. College was the time of my life. But you know; I had always wanted to be a cop. My dad was a cop, his dad was a cop. I guess you can say I was born and bred for the badge. Was there anything you had dreams of doing?”
“No. Not really. I would be content with whatever it was that I would be doing. One dreams as he lives and dies – alone. You stay with something so long, that is how you end up. I mean, it wasn’t a given that you would become a detective. How disappointed would you be if you weren’t one? Would you look at yourself as a failure? What about your dad? Grandfather?”
Detective Pash has had enough of the questions from Henry, but stays calm and ends the first stage of his interrogation.
“Tell me about the night that Hope died?”
“Why am I here?”
“You are here because I want to know about the young girl you killed, Henry.”
Henry is dumbfounded but knows that this is where he has to stay calm. Everything he does is going to be interpreted in a certain way not only by the interrogator, but the people on the other side of the glass. Every moment is studied including the direction his eyes move, his posture, if he’s sweating, how much he moves or fidgets. They are all examining.
“I have never killed anybody.”
“We know you were the last one to see her alive. We have your blood on the floor of her work space, a picture of you that she took. Her father saw you leaving a house after you tried scoring. We also know how that your mother passed away a few years back, on this day.”
“Yes I was with her-”
Detective Pash brazenly interrupts, “Yes I know you were. I just said that. This conversation is going to take twice as long if you just repeat everything I say.”
“Not when she died. I don’t even know how she died. They never said it in the papers or on news“.
“You are really not as clever as you think you are. How about you tell me why you did it?”
“I did not do it!” It did not take Henry long to get frustrated but he knows he has a long way to go. He unknowingly slouches in his chair. 
Detective Pash does the same. “Henry, I just want you to know that I am trying to help you, so I would like for you to help me. We know you were there. Henry your blood is there. We know there was a struggle. I can see the dent in your head where you were hit by something. I just need you to tell me the truth. That is all Henry. It is really that easy. All you have to do is help my investigation which in turn will help you later. So let’s start with the night. Tell me everything. “
“I met her at a convenience store where she staring at me like a psycho and told me that the drug addicts outside were going to kill me. Then- “
Detective Pash interrupts again, “Why would they want to kill you? Do they know you? Are you a person who frequents these gathering tribes of the morose?”
“No. I don’t know. She didn’t say. Seemed strange.”
Detective Pash is taking notes from everything Henry says.
“But you followed anyways?”
“Yeah. What else was I going to do? I quite frankly don’t think it mattered either way if they had wanted to kill me or not. Then she took me to this house to take pictures of these other drug addicts for her book. Then this guy who was dressed up broke into the house so we ran to the building where she works. I saw drugs in her bathroom then I left. You know she had a terrible story to tell about her dad and the sheriff, have you talked to them?”
There’s a loud banging on the other side of the observation window followed by some muffled yelling.
“I’m asking the damn questions here, Henry. No one at this point is worried in the slightest bit about your opinion of other suspects in our investigation. You are not telling me everything, Henry. How did your blood find its way onto her floor?”
“Look-”
“Let me explain to you what it means to tell the truth. By telling some of the truth and not all, that is lying. You are hiding something. Now like I told you before. We need to help each other. That starts with honesty, and a little respect. Will you start being honest with me Henry? If you are going to continue to be a pad locked chest of information, I will be a hammer and bust you open.”
Henry knows what Detective Pash is doing so he takes a deep, labored and painful breath, knowing that not only he but everyone is taking notes on him.
“She told me she didn’t want to go back with her dad because he was over bearing or over protective. I went to the bathroom because I didn’t feel good and I saw drugs in the medicine cabinet. When I confronted her about this, she got mad and threw her camera at me.” 
“So that is where the blood came from? Why do I have a feeling she may have done that out of self defense.”
“Yes. It came from the camera hitting me in the head and no, she had nothing to defend herself from.”
“How did you come to asphyxiate her Henry? There was no sign of strangulation but some how she was asphyxiated.”
“I don’t-”
“Where did you learn burking, Henry? The barbaric, militant method you used to kill Hope.”
“I didn’t kill anyone!”
“Henry, please, work with me here. We both know how and where this is going to end. What I need you to do is just truthfully tell me what you did. Honestly I know why you did it and I know how. All I want is for you to tell me. I just need you tell open up and tell me everything.”
“I can’t tell you anything. I-”
“Yes. You. Can! What are you trying to hide Henry? “
The temperature is starting to rise in the room, making Henry sweat. He wipes the sweat from his face using his shirt.
Detective Pash takes note.
“I am not trying to hide anything, I didn’t do it. Can I have some cold milk please?” He shakes the collar of his shirt to let some hot air out. 
“I think you could ease a lot of the pain of her parents if you just told me you did it. That’s a start. The pain of losing a loved one is such that has no equal. You should know this, Henry.”
“What are you trying to say? The loss of my mother has absolutely nothing to do with this in any way shape or form. I did not do it. I did not do it!
“Henry I am not sorry when I say this but I think it has everything to do with this particular predicament.”
Henry’s eyes grow. He now fully understands why the newspaper article was placed in his mail box. It was by the police department. He has been targeted from the on set. Henry leans forward in his chair, as does Detective Pash.
“Explain.”
Henry leans over, grimacing from pain. Detective Pash leans over as well. They are staring each other right in the eyes.
“You are the text book example of someone with mommy issues. The loss of your protector has been detrimental to your overall psyche. It manifested itself in Hope. You took out all of the anger you have for your mommy on Hope. You watched in enjoyment while Hope struggled for her life and took her last breath.”
Henry sits back in his chair, trying to relax. Detective Pash does the same.
Detective Pash continues, “You try to mask your pain with drug use. That is why you visited the drug house. Also explains the drugs found in the bathroom with your finger prints all over them. I do believe however that you got upset over the picture you saw of yourself by your mother’s grave and that is why you attacked her. Those repressed feelings emerged in a blind and malicious rage.” Detective Pash pauses to collect himself, and begins to speak with a more stern tone. “She did her best to defend herself from you. She used the camera as a means to fight. The cuts on her arms show definite defense wounds-”
“No wait-” says Henry, interrupting.
Detective Pash blasts out of his chair like a rocket and nearly comes across the table. “You had you turn to talk Henry! This is my time!”
Henry sits stunned.
Detective Pash gets back into his seat and calms down. He adjusts his dress coat and loosens his tie. “You did your absolute best to make this look like an accident, like this is just another overdose by another no name drug addict. Like I said before, you are not that clever. Unfortunately Henry, it doesn’t really matter what you say. There is enough evidence here to put you away for a long time. You will never see the light of day; you will never know freedom, for all of eternity. If I were you, I would get used to small rooms without windows.”
Detective Pash collects his notes, and walks towards the door to exit. He stops at the door and turns around. “Do you even have any remorse for what you did?”
“Remorse? No, I have no remorse. How am I supposed to have remorse when I did not do anything wrong?”
“Sheriff Wharton will be with you shortly.”
Detective Pash walks out the door. The sound of the slamming echoes off the walls.
Henry rests his arms on the table and lays his head down. His face is throbbing. He grits his teeth and feels a grinding. He sticks his hand in his mouth and chucks of his teeth fall out. He spits more pieces on the floor.
The door rattles and a large man walks in wearing a cowboy hat, a large belt buckle, white button up shirt, bolo tie around his neck, a leather vest and a large badge that says ‘Sheriff Wharton.’ He also has a mound of chewing tobacco lodged in the side of his mouth.
“Son, might I ask what in the hell you think you’re doing spitting on my interrogation room floor,” bellows Sheriff Wharton.
“I’m sorry, but my teeth are falling out,” says Henry with a mouthful of blood, saliva, and chunks of teeth.
“I don’t really give a rat’s ass. Where you’re going you won’t need them I can guarantee you that, yes sir. Now, boy, let me explain something to you, and I want you to hear me loud and clear.”
The Sheriff Wharton moves right beside Henry, standing directly over top of him, to let Henry know exactly where they both stand. “I know you killed my town’s little girl. There’s no two ways about. Her father is on the other side of that there glass. We have officers holding him back because he wants to come in here and beat you about the head until you die. Consider yourself lucky that I don’t want your dead carcass on my interrogation room floor. Hell I might just have my officers escort you out back to my Ford pick ‘em up truck and tie your ass to the bumper and let him drag you about town. . .”
Henry turns his head toward the glass.
“. . .Look at me when I talk to you, boy. You’re going to prison for the rest of your natural life. What do you think about that?”
Henry looks back at the Sheriff Wharton and then down at the ground. What can he really say that will make this any better?
“You stupid, son?” 
“No sir, I –“
“You are stupid and crazy. I think you are crazier than a shithouse rat. So here’s what I am going to do for you. We’re going to make this trial speedy, you understand. You will agree to this. We’re going to get you in front of a judge and jury of your peers and convict you quicker than you can say your mommy’s name. I can’t have you taking up space within my holding cells. And from there you and I go down in history as the man who killed Hope and the man who brought Hope justice?”
Sheriff Wharton adjusts his belt, shaking his large belly around then adjusts his vest.
“Yes sir, you just got me re-elected. Hope will lay in her grave peaceful now that justice has been served,” he says with a chuckle.
“This isn’t justice, and Hope lies in a grave with nothing. If anything this is a miscarriage-“
Sheriff Wharton slams both of his fat fists down on the table, gritting his teeth, in front of Henry, rattling the room. Henry can only stare at his turkey neck that is red and swinging from side to side.
“The only miscarriage should’ve been you,” Sheriff Wharton says with a scowl.
Sheriff Wharton motions towards the observation glass. Shortly afterwards a dopey police officer roughly puts Henry back in handcuffs and leads him out the door and down a hall towards an exit.
Henry is sitting on small concrete block next to a toilet. The arresting officers have striped him of his belt and shoes strings so that he doesn’t try to kill himself with. An officer walks in and throws an oft white jump suit at Henry which he proceeds to put on. The same officer comes back, cuffs Henry and leads him outside where a group of officers are there waiting to lead Henry outside. One officer throws a towel over Henry’s head.
A patrol car is parked outside with blue lights flashing. There is a crowd of people cheering the officers who lead Henry to the car. Camera bulbs are flashing and cracking. There are some yelling and screaming. Others are cheering. Bottles, trash and rocks are being thrown at Henry also, some connecting, other crashing into the patrol car or the road.
“Shoot him now! Shoot him now!” shouts one heathen.
“We want a public execution!” shouts another.
When the officers try and throw Henry in the car, they purposely expose the swollen left side of his face so it connects with the top part of the patrol car. He lets out a loud, painful scream which is welcomed with cheers and applause by the red neck onlookers. The officer waves to the crowd, smiling, which draws even louder applause.
Once inside the courthouse, Henry is seated at the table assigned for the defendants, next to his court appointed attorney who has been rushed into action. Henry is emotionless and distant. His attorney is overwhelmed but aloof.
He turns his look to the jury who stares back at him in disgust and also fear. They turned a blind eye for so long because it was easy, but now with a man brought before them by someone else and in a controlled environment, they are now free to be on their high horse. This ‘partial’ jury, astonished, horrified and spellbound by the details of the crime, is listening to the Commonwealth’s Attorney Marshall Scott give a rousing closing argument. 
“…Ladies and gentleman of the jury let me open my statement by repeating an answer Henry here gave to one of Radcliffe’s finest during an interview,” he walks over to the prosecution table and pulls a paper document from manila folder and reads, “The detective asked Henry if he had any remorse for what he had done. Henry replied, and I quote, ‘I have no remorse.’”…
The crowd and the jury collectively gasp in unison. 
“. . . This man is a cold blooded killer of the worst kind. Neither sympathy, nor empathy lies inside his body. . .”
Henry looks over to his attorney, Counselor Lundwiig who looks as if he really wants to be elsewhere. He lifts the sleeve on his jackets to check the time on his watch.
“. . . We have a sworn witness to the crime. He was there, outside that building. He heard it all. He heard her screams, her cries for it all to end. . .”
The addict who was outside the building is sitting stoned in the audience without a clue of where or who he is. Eyes are glassy and red. His skin yellowed from liver damage and decorated with collapsed veins. 
“. . . She begged and pleaded to Henry for her life. . .”
The Commonwealth’s Attorney is walking, staring Henry in his eye, delighted as he gets the audience and jury worked up.
“. . . He watched the young woman struggle for her last breathe, not thinking of her or her family. And he tried to cover it up and ruin her families name by saying she died of a drug overdoes. . .”
The Dean and his wife are sitting in the crowd. The wife throws her head into her husband’s chest in full blown tears that become contagious throughout the courtroom.
“. . . There is not a doubt in my mind that if he was not in the chair right in front of us, he would be out looking for his next victim, leaving another family to deal with the lose of a loved one. . .”
The Commonwealth's Attorney sees the vulnerability in the jury. They are wiping their eyes from being subjective. He struts over confidently to their stable, ready to attack.
“. . . Our little town used to be peaceful. There was a time when we knew everyone by their first name. We used to be able to leave our doors unlocked while we were sleeping. Not anymore. But ladies and gentlemen, by putting people like Henry away is the first step in purifying our city. We are a tight nit Christian community; we are all God fearing people. The demons within our population should be found and brought to justice before us and God. God is testing our devotion with creations like this and we will prevail! All I ask of the jury is to make the right decision, a guilty verdict, before the eyes of God and continue our path towards righteousness. I have nothing more. Thank you very much. . .”
The jury and the audience clap in exuberance as the Commonwealth’s Attorney walks back to his table where he sits. The claps continue for minutes, cheering starts and people slowly begin to rise and give his resounding performance a standing over. He notices and the other assistant attorneys begin to nudge him. Finally he stands up and tips his figurative cap to them all which draws more cheers.
Henry’s court appointed attorney stares in awe, as if he were a prophet of judicial harmony. He claps under the table.
“I believe the jury doesn’t even need to deliberate to reach its verdict?” says Judge Knox who is smiling with glee and approval.
“Yes, your Honor,” says the jury foreman, unable to overcome his sense of euphoria. “On the count of first degree murder, we find the defendant…guilty!” he says smiling and clapping for himself.
The courthouse is erupts. People in the crowd are overjoyed with the verdict. The prosecution are shaking hands and congratulating one another. Sheriff Wharton walks over to the Commonwealth's Attorney, they bear hug and laugh. He looks at Henry and gives him a wink and gun with his hands.
Henry is standing like a stone statue in front of the Judge who bangs his gavel for order. 
“Henry when I look at you I see a lost soul without direction and devoid of the necessary lessons in life to succeed,” says Judge Know. “I see an individual who does not belong in civilization, a community. It is people like you, if I should even refer to you as a person who makes my belief in God more powerful. Because believing in God makes me believe in hell. And that is where you will go when you are judged by the Lord, our Savior. Fortunately I am the closest human embodiment to God on Earth, which allows me to judge you here, and sentence you to serve the rest of your physical life in Hell on Earth. Court is adjourned.”
The judge slams his gavel to a thunderous applause. The spectacle is over. Henry is numb, but feels dehydrated and impoverished. His attorney has already left the courthouse. The bailiff grabs and cuffs Henry and takes him out of the courtroom. The media parasites are gathering around him, bumping into, shoving microphones, recorders, boom microphones and large cameras into his face. The questions they ask blur together, obscure and indescribable jabber. The caterwauling from the jubilant, unwashed cattle in the court room and the bloodsucking stringers are causing delirious nausea within Henry’s head. His brain has turned into a rat’s cage, spinning to no end without a purpose.
The path to the North River Correctional Center is peaceful. The road is straight and narrow, only two unmarked lanes. When cars pass each other one has to swerve to the shoulder of the road. The land is flat and covered in grass until it meets the rolling hill which lay at the foot of the dead tree covered mountains.
Henry walks off the convict carrying bus with a load of new convicts, all shackled around the wrists and ankles. He does his best to get a quick view of the facility which has a high chain linked fence with rows of razor barbed wire at the top and observation towers with armed guards, aiming and ready to fire. There are also prisoners outside lifting weights, exercising, and playing basketball. Others are either watching or socializing amongst themselves.
Henry passes through the clunky, automatic gate and gets a full look at the prison itself. The stone building is four stories high and has been beaten by the weather and the cold like and old English castle. Rain and wind have damaged the stone foundation. The glass on the windows is partially stained from decades of dirt to the point it is almost impossible to see in or out. 
The convicts and inmates cheer ungodly loud and clap obnoxiously as each new arrival passes them by and into the doors to be checked in at the administration building.
Once inside, Henry notices the floors are dusty and dirty, as if they have never been cleaned or buffed. The lights inside are dim and gloomy. Henry and the other inmates follow the long corridor through a doorway into something of a dark auditorium, theatre seats and all. The newly arrived inmates are on the stage. Armed guards walk out and each one grabs one prisoner at time to another room to the side. When the door opens to the Henry tries to peek. The room is white and there is a doctor inside. Henry waits his turn. Slowly inmates come out of the room naked and covered and white powder, shaking and shivering from the cold. 
“They took my crucifix!” says one inmate on the verge of tears. “I can’t believe they took my crucifix.” He wipes his nose with his wrist. 
Henry’s turn is next. An armed guard grabs him by the shoulders and leads him to the doorway with a rifle in the middle of his shoulder blades. Inside the door, the armed guard tells him to strip, which he does. The guard throws his clothes in a large green trash bag. 
“What’s your affiliation?” the guard asks sternly.
“None,” answers Henry.
“No crucifixes or rosary?”
“No.”
“Good.”
“Can you do twenty squats, please?” the doctor asks. The doctor has a clip board and begins to scribble notes on Henry’s physical form. 
Henry does his twenty squats with some difficulty due to his injuries.
“Ok, good. Cough?” asks the doctor feeling Henry stomach and then grabbing his genitals. “Ok, very well. Say ah.” The doctor grabs a tongue suppressor from his pant pocket and sticks it in his mouth and looks inside. “Ok officer he is clean.”
The guard throws the white powder on him also and leads him outside.
Prisoners yell and scream at the guards who lead Henry and the other along the long prison corridor to the showers. Henry stares at the ground and makes eyes contact with nobody.
A group of guards are in the security room atop the shower looking on as Henry is showering up with a group of convicts. Everyone looks at Henry, he is the new guy. Henry feels their looks digging into him like a dull butter knife, he glances back and a few prison thugs are staring him down. The guards begin to throw some money on a small card table in the middle of the room.
Prison thugs, three of them, are rather large men that wear their rap sheet like a badge of honor. ‘Might is right’ for these men who try to show their prison power to any and everyone. 
Henry quickly turns his head hoping they did not notice. Unfortunately -
“Did you see the looks that little bitch gave me?” says the enormous thug. His arms, shoulders, neck and chest are large. His head is shaved bald and he has tattoos scribbled on there as well. His legs are not close, making his body look disproportioned. 
“Damn right,” says the second thug who also has a shaved head but isn’t quite as muscular.  
“What you lookin’ at fish, you like what you see?” says the enormous thug. He cracks his knuckles by squeezing his fists and cracks his neck by jerking his head around. He circles his arms around quickly, loosening them up.
“Answer him, mother fucker!” says a third thug who appears from nowhere. This thug is leaner than the enormous thug. He looks much quicker.
Henry continues to ignore and merely walks away to get his towel. 
The second thug runs over to him, corrals him, and then throws him against the shower wall. “Why you being so disrespectful?” he say through clinched teeth.
“I am not a punk man. I don’t want any trouble.”
The second thug laughs, and let’s go of Henry who slowly turns around.
“No trouble!” The third thug sprints over and swings his right fist across the left side of Henry’s face which is still tender. It shatters like an egg shell on concrete shower floor. Henry collapses to the ground like a bag stone and is quickly pounced on by the three thugs. Other convicts either watch or go along as if nothing out of the ordinary is happening. The guards continue watching from the security room.
The thugs are stomping viciously on Henrys’ ribs and face. The water at the base of the shower is filling with blood and turning completely red. Henry is relentlessly trying to get up but with each attempt he is stomped back down. He yells in pain as sends he first thug sends his right fist across the left side of Henry’s face again. The second thug pounces on top of Henry as grabs the side of his head and slam the back of it onto the floor violently and repeatedly.
Feeling as though they have done enough, they back away content with the feeling as if they have conquered a new land. Henry uses all of his remaining strength the get back to his feet. Once on his feet, but still bent over he accidentally stumbles back into the thugs who were watching with amazement. The second thug looks at the first thug in amazement. However, now that he is up, their work is not done. The second thug holds Henrys’ arms behind his head in a full nelson to expose his body, which the enormous thug uses as a punching bag. His body absorbs the thunderous punches. The shower not only echoes with the sound of wet flesh hitting wet flesh, but also cracking bones. Henry’s breathing is labored as his ribs are broken and his lungs are collapsing. 
The second and third thugs are laughing at Henry who seems to bleeding from every opening in his body. The left side of his face is blackened and swollen. His body is badly bruised. The third thug finally throws Henry down to blood covered floor with a loud splash and crash.
“Get up now bitch!” says the second thug laughing.
The group of thugs washes Henry’s blood of them as Henry lies motionless. As they get their towels and leave, a guard finally walks and sees Henry gasping for air and trying to get up.
“Man down in the shower, over.” says the guard on his radio.
The guard, not knowing the severity of the injuries or not caring, tries to pick Henry up. Henry lets out a distressful, caustic scream that rattles the walls.
Henry is seated in a chair with two armed Guards holding him up with one hand and pressing a small semi automatic hand gun to his temples with the other. He is being questioned about the fight. His face is swollen and puffy, both eyes are fused shut and blood is dripping from the wounds under his eyes and from his mouth. His left eye is practically falling out.
“Can you tell me who did this to you?” says the fat, curly blonde haired woman behind a desk.
Henry is in too much pain to move a single muscle fiber and cannot answer. The officer does not seem to care, just wants answers.
“Would you be able to identify who did this?” she asks.
Still no answer; he cannot even shake his head.
“If he can’t help us he needs to be put in solitary. Take him away,” she says to the officers.
The two armed guards grab Henry from underneath his arm pits, lift and drag him out of the room. 
Henry is in a small closet of a room for his actions in the fight. The room is moist and warm and seems to get smaller and smaller by the second. The walls are secreting mucus. The dark room is slightly lit by cracks alongside the door jams. 
Henry is lying weak and impoverished. Fatty, unhealthy prison food is shoved through the small food chute and thrown about on the floor, which Henry does not touch. Henry’s mind is slowly being minced and eaten away by savage-like suicidal thoughts. His anguish and pain can all be gone if were to end it all. With his breathing still labored it would not take long for strangulation to finish its job. His flaccid arms try to push his body to an upright position. He grabs the bottom of his shirt and attempt to lift the shirt over his head. Once half way there the pain in his ribs ignites like wild fire, burning his soul. Another loud scream shreds his vocal cords as he falls back down on the slimy and damp ground. The scream fades into cries. His muscles contract with every cry, causing even more pain.
Henry finally begins to calm himself. He closes his eyes and inhales through his nose, holds it, then exhales through the nose. He tells himself that his stomach must extend past his chest as his lungs fill with oxygen. Through repetition his body takes control of the movement. He imagines the top of his skull opening and a light water fall pours in; an endless stream of rich, clean, blue water. His blood pressure and heart rate slow. He imagines the muscles relaxing to the point they could painlessly melt from the bone. The mental and physical anguish begins to fade as well. His mind, which was working against him before, has now faced the pain and overcome it. Rather than try and numb the pain, he faces it head on. He knows that this is integral to his survival in prison.



VI



Henrys’ eyes rapidly flicker.  He is alone in his deathless cell. His cell is six feet by eight feet with a concrete slab and a thin mattress on top which serves as his bed. The toilet is scrubbed and so white it shines. The sink, likewise, but the chrome handles look like mirrors.
A sudden and uncontrollable urge lifts him from his bed. He falls to the ground stomach first, but before he hits, his hands break his fall and he begins doing elevated push ups with his feet on his bed. The sound of forceful, strained breathing, growls and grunts reverberate off the cell walls. He alternates going slow then fast. Sweat is rolling off his body, which is bulky and muscular. Muscles are bulging from places he never thought he had. He has transformed into that of an intimidating monster. His body is chiseled like a Michelangelo stone sculpture of a Greek god.
He stops, returns to his bed and begins reading a law manual. His room is filled with them. Each manual has tagged pages containing information relevant to overturning his conviction. The rest of his book collection consists of philosophical and psychological texts.
Morning buzzer goes off.
Henry makes his bed, puts his uniform shirt on, and waits for his door to open. He looks fresh for once. His blue uniform is pressed and his shoes are a glossy black. 
Another buzzer sounds and his door comes unlocked and he steps outside his cell, standing tall, waiting to be accounted for.
An armed guard walks along counting heads. Only a few prisoners come out at a time. Once one group is counted, the others come out. There are guards posted all along the wing wearing bulletproof vests and aiming rifles at the prisoners.
Once he is done, they uniformly walk in a single file line to the day room where they await for the cafeteria doors to open and serve their food. Along the way Henry looks up to the roof of the corridor and sees small windows showing the blue morning sky. 
The cafeteria is a vast space with sixteen metal tables with four chairs at each. Guards are posted all throughout the cafeteria with their rifles loaded, cocked and aimed at the prisoners.
Henry has chicken fried chicken, runny mashed potatoes and cup of water and sits to himself, until he is ultimately followed by others.
One convict that sits down at the table, a young man named Ronnie. Today is Ronnie’s first full day in prison. He is doing time for assault and battery on his under aged girlfriend. His dark hair is slicked back and he has beard stubble. He is a charming man with the intelligence of a ten year old.
He motions to Henry to get his attention. “Hey, why do all the guards have their guns drawn at us?”
“To shoot us,” he says sarcastically. “Something usually happens during chow anyways. We had a big fight yesterday. Sorry you missed it.”
“Did they actually use the rifles? What happened?”
“They had to. A runner was settling a debt with a guy who wouldn’t pay up. He used a shank that he made from a bed leg and stabbed the guy in the chest.”
Ronnie is frightened but tries to play tough.  “My name’s Ronnie,” he says extending his hand to be shaken.
“Henry. I don’t shake hands. Why are you talking to me?”
“First thing you do when you come to a place you haven’t been before is to make nice with the baddest guy around, right?”
“That’s not me.”
Ronnie shovels a spoonful of slop into his mouth and immediately spits it out. “This shit is nasty,” he says while wiping his mouth. “How can you sit there and eat this stuff?”
“It is institutional food, you will get used to it.”
Ronnie uses his plastic fork to stab the mystery meat and place it on Henry’s tray.
“So what are you in here for?” asks Ronnie.
Henry takes a minute to pause. He lifts his head up from his meal. “Word of advice; do not ask anyone what they’re doing time for. And also, don’t answer.” Henry scans the room with electric eyes. “There’s something brewing now.”
A group of prisoners are sitting at a table; they are all staring and sizing up a new guard. He is a younger, baby faced man, perfect target for a prisoner who is trying to make a name for himself. One of the prisoners, a white man who is acting like he is black, is messing with something underneath of the table, fidgeting as if he has a nervous disorder.
A buzzer sounds indicating chow time is over. Henry places his fork, knife and spoon all on the table to be verified by the guards. Two Guards come to him; one puts his rifle to the back of his head, the other counts the silverware.
All convicts are walking in a straight line out of the cafeteria. Henry is the second from last in line with one of the prisoners who was sizing up the Young Guard is bringing up the rear. The Young Guard is the last person to leave the cafeteria when for a moment he loses his head and the prisoner swings around with a shiv that looks like a small bayonet. He grazes the side of the Young Guards neck, who is taken by surprise. The prisoner lifts the shiv over his head in a stab ready position, but before he can strike down, Henry turns around and forcefully grabs the prisoner, stripping him of his shiv and holding it against his neck until the Young Guard can compose himself and take the prisoner away. 
Other guards come to the aid of the young guard while other convicts come back to check the scene. Some guards start yelling at the convicts and taking them to their jobs or back to their cells, while the remaining guards beat the prisoner with the butt of their rifles.
Henry works in the prison library. He is carrying a cart full of old, hardcover books through the aisles and placing them on the shelves where they need to go. He is also carrying a newspaper, which he is reading while working.
An article within today’s paper freezes him to his core. The article reads:
‘DRUNKEN POLICE CHASE LANDS DEAN IN JAIL. ‘
Henry begins to quietly read to himself, “Radcliffe University Dean faces drunk driving charges after flipping university-owned vehicle. The chase started last night when a caller reported a vehicle driving with three blown tires and swerving into on coming traffic. When police found the vehicle a chase ensued and ended when the Dean ran into a guard rail and the vehicle over turned. He failed a field sobriety test and refused a breathalyzer at the scene. He registered a 0.18 at the station. The University has no comment.”
He tucks the paper under his arm, as always, and continues putting books on the shelf.
Another cold, gloomy day and Henry is sitting on the ground against the building writing in a journal. He is by himself, no interruptions. 
Typical activities during rec time are weight lifting, basketball and other forms of exercise. Although physical, it is an emotional refreshment to be outside of the walls. Henry looks over across the yard towards what seems to be the minimum security ward and they are planting small flowers and/or flowery bushes. He cannot really tell. He sees Ronnie and they make eye contact which prompts Ronnie to excitedly walk over to him. Ronnie is smoking an unfiltered cigarette and has another on his ear.
“Man, you got everybody talking. The guy who saved the hack. That is incredible. Why’d you do it? I thought it was us against them?”
“This isn’t TV. This is reality. They’re people no different than us. Flesh, blood, whatever. No one has said anything to me.”
Ronnie extends the cigarette from his ear toward Henry, which he refuses.
“Hey, you don’t mind if I have a look at that paper do you?” he asks while trying to sit down beside Henry.
“Actually, yes I do. There’s an article in here that is extremely important to me. Has anyone told you anything about prison? I had to tell you not to ask about what got me here, it’s meddling. But meddling means other things too. It means meddling with everything. Like coming over here uninvited and asking for my paper; or just coming over in general. It could get you in a lot trouble.”
Ronnie bows his head and flashes a cracked, broken smile.  “Yeah, yeah, you’re right; sorry I bothered you.”
He turns and walks away saddened, which prompts Henry to feel sorry for the young and naïve Ronnie. 
“Hey kid!” Henry shouts loudly.
Ronnie quickly swings his body around in the direction of Henry, with a smile on his face. Henry waves him over and Ronnie walks back to him. He hands him the paper and Ronnie sits down beside him, but not too close.
“Only until rec time is over then that paper is mine again.”
The sudden urge returns and Henry begins his last workout of the day before lights out, triceps pushups on the edge of his bed. He is blood red and covered in sweat. The backs of his arms are pumping with blood; the triceps muscle is forming the perfect upside down ‘V.’ 
After his final set, he unstitches a portion of his mattress pad and pulls out a collection of papers. This is Henry’s book of collages of his old home town. All newspaper articles have been cut and pasted on multiple pieces of paper.  
He rips the article from today’s paper, squeezes glue on one side then finally pastes the article down next to another article which reads: ‘SHERIFF WHARTON RETIRES ONE DAY, DIES THE NEXT. ‘
His mail is also sitting on the floor, untouched. He sees a letter from the Virginia Court of Appeals. He opens the letter and reads quietly to himself, “Court of Appeals number 01VA1986. City of Radcliffe District Court number 04VA1962. Honorable Judge Benjamin K. Whitlock. The People of the State of Virginia versus Henry T. Horace. Judgment denied.
Henry folds the letter back and fits it into the envelope. He sticks the envelope in his collage book next to another ‘Judgment Denied’ letter, and then places his collection back into the opening inside the mattress. 
He does his best to calm his nerves again. He practices his breathing exercise and slowly relaxes. He grabs another large hardcover criminal law manual, opens it and hops into his bed. He is unable to sleep, so he reads throughout the night.
He reads until he can see some form of light shining through the roof windows which prompts him to start his routine of push ups and sits. He finishes and is dressed before the alarms sounds to start of another day and the same routine for him. The alarms sound and lead Henry and others to the cafeteria. Everything is exactly same as the day before except now instead of chicken fried chicken for breakfast, it is ‘eggs’ and ‘sausage’ and a plastic cup of orange juice. The other prisoners are glaring at him for his actions the day before- saving the enemy.
Ronnie is rambling on to the people at the table about his conviction and how he was an innocent man. “My dad hired the best, and highest priced lawyer who proved in court that all she did was date a guy and said they beat her. It was a sickness. It happened to her other boyfriends too! ”
One of the convicts from the table gets up and leaves, he does not want to be associated with a sniveler and also the traitor. Just as he leaves another comes down beside Ronnie. He is a skinny man with short brown and a thin mustache and beard with Chinese eyes. He stares at Ronnie waiting for the rest of his story.
Ronnie continues, “The system is all jacked up man, aren’t we all innocent. Well maybe not innocent, but surely not guilty. Right? That Commonwealth’s Attorney is dirty. I heard he is Supreme Court judge, now. 
Ronnie is looking around the table, searching for an agreement, a response anything.
“Tell me about it,” says the new coming Chinese eyed prisoner. 
Henry can only shake his head, as Ronnie has brought some unwanted attention to himself. A sniveler is degenerable, not to mention a sex offending sniveler. 
“Why don’t we keep it down for a second? You don’t want these people to view you as weak.”
“Weak? What do you mean? I ain’t weak?”
“I am going to give you my last piece of advice and I want you to listen closely.”
Ronnie draws closer to soak up the intellect from a prison educated man.
“Stop talking. Don’t talk. Ever,” advises Henry as sternly as he possible can.
The Chinese eyed prisoner stares at Ronnie, not even noticing anything Henry has said.
With that, the buzzer goes off and all prisoners place their plastic cutlery on their trays to be checked. Once again the two guards conduct their gun drawn routine. 
Henry is casually walking with some guards as they lead him from the cafeteria to work.
“Henry, come with me. You have a visitor,” says a voice from behind him. He turns around suspicious and prepared for anything. It is the Young Guard.
“How? I don’t even have a list,” he says.
“Just follow me.”
The guards release him to the custody of the Young Guard.
The visitation room looks just like the interrogation room, just white walls and a window. It is also much cleaner. There are two white chairs and one white table. 
An armed guard leads Henry, who shackled along the hands and feet. He shuffles to one of the chairs and is slammed down by the guard, who positions himself in the corner of the room, in view of Henry with his gun drawn ready to fire if needed.
At that moment, a uniformed police officer walks into the room with a case file in his right hand and a steaming cup of coffee in his left.
He is a middle aged man with dark, salt and pepper hair, mustache and a strong cleft chin. He is Sheriff Martin Johnson, the newly appointed sheriff of Radcliffe. Sheriff Johnson sits down in the chair across from Henry and extends his hand.
“Henry, my name is Sheriff Martin. I am the Sheriff of the City of Radcliffe, and I just wanted to ask you a few questions,” he says.
“Alright. Something else you want to pin on me?”
“No sir, Henry; I just wanted to show something; maybe you could help me out with a recently opened investigation.”
“I’m not a specialist, or Ted Bundy or anything, but ok.”
“Great, thanks Henry. Let me find it in my file here.”
Sheriff Johnson fumbles through his file, desperately searching for something. He loses control of the folder and all of his papers fall to the floor. “Oh no. I know it is in here somewhere,” he says quietly to himself. “So I understand you saved a guard yesterday? You must be a popular guy within the convict community.” 
“The code of humanity is much more important than the prison code. I was just doing what I thought was right. Consequences from unintelligent white trash hypocrite convicts be damned. It looks much better for me now; I am having a conversation with a sheriff.”
“Interesting,” he says while lifting a piece of paper. “Here it is! Here, Henry, I would like you to take a look at this. Read it to me and tell me what you think.”
Henry cannot read the type, so Sheriff Johnson hands him his glasses.
“Psychological evaluation. Confidential. Hope T. Dickson. Dickson? As in…”
“Oh yeah.”
Henry may have just been metaphysically punched in the gut, but he keeps reading, “…is a Caucasian female sent to me for symptoms relating to drug induced schizophrenia. Symptoms include restlessness, paranoia, depression and delusions.” 
Henry scans down the paper. “Behavioral observations. She was brought in unwillingly by her father. She never made eye contact with anyone in the room and could not sit still. The patient had self inflicted cuts or scratches on her arms.”
“Stop there Henry. Self inflicted cuts or scratches. Tell me the date of the evaluation. Should be right up top.”
“June 22, 1995. Ok, tell me what this means?”
“The prosecution withheld this information from your defense.”
Anger is boiling in Henry’s gut like magma underneath a volcano. He takes the glasses off and hands them back to Sheriff Johnson. He hears the rifle cock as the exchange is made.
Sheriff Johnson continues, “Henry, Hope was an escaped mental patient who hopped a train to Radcliffe. Only the prosecution knew this. Her father finally found her here, and coincidentally the University had an opening.”
“I am having quite a hard time understanding. Why was evidence withheld? They knowingly put an innocent man in prison for life? The Dean, Sheriff Wharton and the Commonwealth’s Attorney, they all knew?”
“Sheriff Wharton knew he needed a conviction and fast. He found that drug addict outside the building who led them to you. He had no physical evidence, but minute circumstantial evidence. If he needed to hide or manipulate evidence to bring about the quick conviction, he did it.”
“He told me I would get him re-elected.”
“You did; and he won over me. I was on the force then and always had my doubts as to how a man with no criminal record could come from nowhere and commit murder. You didn’t even have one driving citation. I had a hard time just trying to find your name in databases. You didn’t even have a damn parking ticket.”
“I never had a car.”
“Ok. Well you never jay walked. The strange thing about this is that we found this information in the trunk of the Dean’s car. He kept this privileged information with him at all times. To the Dean’s credit however, he was apparently told to hide or destroy this information. He was applying a lot of pressure on Wharton to find a killer.” 
“So now that you have this, what are you going to do? You going to sit on it too?”
“I have been investigating this for awhile now. I have always had my doubts, like I said. I have a team that is reviewing everything as we speak. If we find evidence to suggest that you killed her, then you stay and this meeting never happened, if we find anything that brings reasonable doubt or even a flat out acquittal then we take it to trial and hope the judge sets you free. Although I think this alone devastates the prosecutions claim of defense wounds.”
“I am going to act as though this meeting never happened. I will continue to file my appeals as I always have. You keep investigating as you like, but right now I just don’t know if I can trust that the replaceable liars who put me in here now want to help me.”
“Perfect. We will be in touch, Henry.”
The armed guards come over to Henry and grab him underneath the arms and lead him out of the room.
Henry is sitting alone on the same spot on the ground looking at a newspaper, too distracted to read. He can’t help but see and feel like the looks the other prisons are giving; like he was a leper. And also can’t stop thinking about the meeting with the Sheriff.
He sees Ronnie and another group of prisons being led outside by a smaller group of armed guards. He immediately looks for Henry in his spot on the ground and waves at Henry, walking towards him.
At that moment the prisoner who tried to stab the young guard comes from behind Ronnie and slits his throat with the same shiv.
“Let’s hear you bitch now! You punk bitch!” shouts the prisoner.
He turns his stare to Henry and smiles as the guards rush over to the prisoner and throw him down to the ground and cuff him. One guard confiscates the weapon, while the others beat him more. 
Ronnie is convulsing on the ground clutching his throat as blood pours through his fingers, down his prison shirt and forming a red puddle on the ground.
Henry drops his paper and sprints to Ronnie but before he can get to him he is corralled by other guards who tell him sternly to calm down.
The Chinese eyed prisoner looks on for the corner of the yard with a member of the prisoner’s entourage.
Later that evening, Henry is sitting on his bed reading the same criminal law book, not doing his work out. His routine has been destroyed by the Sheriff revelation and  then Ronnie’s sudden death.
The noise of the prisoners seems to get louder and louder to Henry. He had become adapted to operating within himself, now that he has become noticed and singles out by the others, paranoia is setting in. The looks they give eat away at his skin and a new feeling from his gut is also eating him from within. Fear. Anxiety. Hope. They all need to be extinguished. The noise from the prisoners gets louder and louder. Lights out could not come soon enough.
Henry is again led in, shackled wrist and ankle, by an armed guard, who throws him down in the same chair. The guard walks over to the same spot in the room and aims his high powered rifle at Henry’s head. Another sleepless night has Henry exhausted and dark eyed. Sheriff Johnson is already seated in his chair.
“This is getting deep Henry. The prosecutions case is completely falling apart. We have documents upon documents that weren’t turned over. Your blood was at the scene but nowhere on her, the psyche evaluation, her history of suicide attempts, the prosecutions key witness now saying he remembers a white car pulling up to the building-“
“Wait a second. A white car? Was it a Ford Mustang?”
“Yes. Do you know something else?”
“Yes, I saw that car the night she was killed. He was a dealer, right? I think I had an incident with him as well.”
“Yes he is.”
Henry sees another man walking through the door in a suit, but looking rather sloppy. His suit is wrinkled and untucked. He is a very strange looking man. He is pear shaped with skinny legs and small feet. He is bald but has hair on the sides and back of his head which are long, gray and scraggly. His skin in olive colored with a greenish hue. He walks hunched over due to his age. His nose is long and pointy.
He sits down and smiles at Henry and his teeth are yellowish green and sharp like a piranha. His eyes are red, burning with contempt. This is Henry’s new attorney, Mark Rigby. And with a gravely voice- “Henry, I filed a petition to the court on your behalf to have your charges vacated; a post conviction writ of habeas corpus. Not only are there ethical and legal ramifications for the prosecution, reasonable doubt but also, us both-“
“We both feel you’re innocent Henry. Feel, hell, we know it!” interrupts the Sheriff.
“Please Sheriff,” says Rigby, holding his arm across the Sheriff’s chest. He turns his fiery gaze back towards Henry. “Now, Henry. This is a case of unjustified imprisonment and an unfair trial. We’re going to attack the prosecution for the suppressed evidence and also prove your innocent beyond a reasonable doubt. And from there the judge can do three things: retrial, deny the motion, or throw your conviction out entirely. We have all the documentation and people who are willing to testify on your behalf.”
“Ok. This whole process can take months, years, who knows? So I will sit here, in hell with this over my head. I haven’t been hopeful about anything my life. Just stop trying to fill me with something as absurd as hope.”
“Henry,” says the Sheriff.
“No, don’t Henry me,” says Henry, angrily interrupting.
As the argument gets heated, the armed guard runs over behind Henry, cocks his gun and puts it to the back of his head. He presses it so hard it is bruising.
“Henry, we are trying to help you. If you could just take the prison mask off-“
Rigby interrupts, “Oh, Sheriff, this isn’t a mask. Masks get broken in prison. You have to change who you are and become something else. Something that can neither be broken or corrupted, something not built on defective principles. You need to be built on the essence of survival in an environment were its people cultivate fear, and look for which people are overcome by it. And those who cannot overcome are dismantled and eaten alive. Those who look fear in the eye and ask for more, they survive. . .”
Henry stares at Rigby as he continues his diatribe. He is cutting right to the core of Henry. 
“. . . I understand, Henry. You don’t have to trust me. I know behind these walls trust is used against you, but with me taking full control over this, you will not have to worry about these walls much longer. 
“These walls are my home. I don’t even care about being set free anymore. I shouldn’t even be saying this, but imagine I do get set free, how do I adjust? I don’t know what the world is like out there. I couldn’t acclimate myself to everything then. What makes you think that I am going to be able to succeed now, if I am released?
“Do your best to integrate back into society? You can speak up for those who have been mistreated, such as yourself. Maybe talk to prisoners about their transition to life in prison.”
“Talk to prisoners? Sheriff let me tell you a story. I knew a man, a naïve man, who came into prison looking to accustom himself to his surrounding. But see there are different rules inside. You don’t look to make friends so you have someone to talk to and confide in. You stay aloof and alert. So one day this man made the mistake of saying he had money within his grasp. Very. Bad. Decision. So when someone else who is trying to be accepted hears this he looks to take advantage of the naïve man. He has him set up and here is how it goes. Prisoner sets up a fake sneak attack so he could be the one to save the day. Once naïve man is saved by,” he pauses, thinking. “Let’s call him the savior prisoner. So savior prisoner tells the naïve man I will protect you for this amount of dollars. However the prisoner savior is looking for protection also and will take this money to a gang he is looking to join. Unknowingly, naïve man agrees. However when a payment is not met, naïve man is stricken down from behind by the blade of a homemade knife to throat to lie convulsing on the ground. Innocence and naiveté lie convulsing on the floor.”
“What of the savior prisoner?” asks the Sheriff. 
“He will die too, along with everyone the naïve man knew. That is justice in here. Maybe it isn’t too much like the outside.”
Rigby is laughing and says, “You enjoy your freedom in a way that makes you and only you happy. The biggest crime and injustice of oneself in this world is to live confined from happiness.”
Henry nods his head approvingly, still with the gun in the back of his head. 

Henry is being transported to the courthouse for the first day of his hearing. He is like always; shackled again on his wrists and hands. On both sides of him are two armed guards with their rifle, both staring at him waiting for one wrong or sudden move. The van is making hard turns causing Henry is to jostle around, and with every move the guards bump into him purposefully and forcefully. 
Once at the courthouse, unlike before, there is not a large crowd gathered outside the courtroom. There are no people holding signs wishing for Henry’s immediate death, no cameras filming or flashing and of course no signs of encouragement acknowledging the insanity and abuse of justice. 
The guards whisk Henry through the back door of the courthouse. Officers and lawyers within stare at him through their inexpedient eyes as if he was an incongruous savage. They lead him into a room with Rigby and they both sit in chairs, staring at the walls in silence.
An officer grabs the still cuffed Henry and leads him to the defendants table. He looks across to the table of the Protectors of the State; all wearing the same grey suits and ties. He turns his head around to look out to the almost empty courtroom. Conspicuously absent are the Dean, who cannot be found, Wharton who is slabbed, bagged, and tagged, and the former Commonwealth’s Attorney, who is wearing a white wig elsewhere. For now.
The bailiff hollers, “All rise for the honorable Judge Madden.” Everyone obliges. “Court is now in session. You may be seated”
“Proceed,” motions Judge Madden to the defense. 
“I’d like to call Russell Johnson to the stand, please,” says Rigby, sound as if he had eaten a breakfast sandwich of peanut butter, sand and gravel. 
Henry stares Russell down as he stumbles weakly onto the stand. He is the addict who was said to be outside the building when Henry left. He is uncomfortable, timorous and ill at ease.
“What I have in my hand right now is the official court transcript in which you identified this man,” Rigby says pointing to Henry. “as the last man who left that building the night Hope died. Also in this hand I have a retraction after your most recent bust, in which you blabbed your ass off for leniency, that you actually remembered a white car arriving after my client left. Elaborate, please. Describe the man who last left that building.”
“He, he was very tall, ya know. He was white, real white. Just like those papers. Very white. His eyes were red, maybe contacts. No I think he was albino. He was bald, he did have no hair. He was wearing all black clothes but I could tell he was very skinny. It didn’t look like he walked; he slithered, like a serpent. When he looked at me. . . If looks could kill, I wouldn’t be here today. He was with a man in a suit”
“Thank you, no further questions. Please get off the stand. Your Honor I would like to call Counselor Lundwiig to the stand please.”
Lundwiig walks down the aisle and sits on the stand across from his counterpart. He is terrified. His former client’s new representation is far more superior then he. 
Rigby grabs a handful of documents from the defense table and hands them to Lundwiig without saying a word. “If you could, sir, flip through those and tell what they all have in common.”
Lundwiig licks his finger and flips through the papers. He looks absolutely confused and dumbfounded. “I am sorry; I cannot identify one similarity in here.”
“Ok, well let me ask you a simple and straightforward question. Have you ever seen these?”
Lundwiig flips through the documents again. Rigby is getting slightly frustrated. He looks to the judge and then looks at Henry, and shrugs his shoulders.
“No sir I have not.”
“Exactly. That is because the prosecution withheld these. That, your honor is systematic abuse of prosecutorial discretion. 
“I wish I would’ve had these then. This is surely enough to challenge the jury’s verdict.”
“Exactly,” says Rigby, motioning his hands and bowing down as if he were waiting for claps and roses.  “You may step down.”
Rigby walks back to the defense table and tells Henry, “Talk about ineffective counsel.” He rises back up and announces, “the last witness I would like to call to the stand is the real victim in this all, Henry Horace.
Henry, still shackled, shuffles his way to the witness stand, as his rusty chains ring throughout the courtroom. 
 Rigby continues, “Henry, all I would like you to do is to address the courtroom, address the state that has wrongly and maliciously conspired to strip you of your freedom as a means to propel themselves into the stratosphere of saint hood.”
He takes a deep breath and tried to compose himself.
“The world waits,” says Rigby through a devilishly slanted smile.
Henry, solemn, clears his throat. “I remember the day I found out Hope died. I remember what I was doing and where I was. I was numb and frozen for one moment but at that point in my life, I was stuck on a vessel going at light speed in one direction. Any time I looked back, time stood still. The hands on the clock never moved. Frozen. The hands have never moved since. I appeared to be on a fast track to a slow death . . . which I was ok with.” Henry stops and digs his finger tips into his eyes and grinds his teeth. He then takes a few deep breathes to collect his thoughts.
“Dealing with lose requires steps, a process we use to get over the anger and pain on the road to acceptance. Some of us come out on the other end a better and more whole person. Imagine though, it being taken away, ripped out with a blunt knife by those who are assigned and elected to protect you. The process takes longer. Not only do you have to try and accept it, but you also have to survive. No one in this room can fully understand what it is like to be an innocent man branded a killer. To have their own pain used against them as a means to arrange a false verdict. It was nothing more than a pop psyche excuse created by buffoons and was efficiently used to persuade a panicky population who already had their minds made up. I guess I am surprised they did not use Satan worship or heavy metal music against me; just to go with the other lies. I imagine afterwards that those who lied to convict me enjoyed a toast in my honor and slept in their blood money. They had put a city to sleep by convicting an innocent man, and I hope you slept well. I can spin this positively and say I finally helped my community. I do not need sympathy or for you to empathize, just know that the shield or flag can turn on you also, to benefit itself. A city built on defective principles and injustice can never see the end they envision, only an illusion. Reality catches up with us all, and then it’s all over. Until then, I hope you all have sweet dreams.”
Henry gets up and walks off the stand and over to the defense table, next to his lawyer who looks upon him approvingly. He sits at his table nervously with Rigby who as always is more than confident. 
Judge Madden has heard all he needs to hear. The anger in his voice is controlled and calculated. “It is uncharacteristic of me to come to a decision this fast, but what about this case is characteristic of anything that has happened before. This sets a catastrophic precedent. The system of jury trials is the government’s instrument of protecting its people, not the government’s instrument of protecting and covering up its mistakes. This system, our system, has failed in every possible way. It is unfortunate that only now after years of imprisonment that you are given actual innocence. I am ashamed of the way my government has operated within its own confines, using its rules not as a means to bring about justice, but as a means to silence its subjects. Situations like this that bring upon revolt. With that, I am dropping all charges effective immediately free of bail. Court is adjourned. Welcome home.”
Henry and Rigby shake hands. 
Sheriff Johnson comes up to Henry and wraps his arms around him, Henry lightly pats his back. He notices the Young Guard is with Sheriff Johnson, and also has the same cleft chin.
The new Commonwealth's Attorney J. Christopher Jett also walks over to Henry to shake his hand. He has a camera man following him. “Henry, I just wanted to be the first to apologize on the behalf of the City of Radcliffe. I just want you to know however that what was done to you was with the best intentions of the city as a whole. We are prepared to work out any settlement you may want. We would rather keep it out of the court.”
Commonwealth's Attorney Jett pulls out a velvet box and opens it. Within it is a silver and gold Rolex. 
Henry stares at the watch, resting on the fingers of his suppenated hand and brings his head up slowly, looking him directly in the eye and slowly laughs. His laugh gets louder and loud until it is knocking in the tilted door of hysterical. Tears begin to flow down his face in an avalanche of irony. He wipes his tear of joy and tries to calm himself down. “Fuck you.”
He turns and walks towards the exit door of the courthouse by himself.

Henry is in his cell for the last time, going through all of his belongings, trying to figure out what he will take or throw away. Everything within his room is tossed into the trash. He unstitches his mattress and pulls out his newspaper collage. He stares at it one last time and throws that away as well.
An alarm has sounded. The loudest alarm Henry thought was possible. 
The prisoners start yelling and screaming, a riot has started. The armed guard by the cells cocks his rifle and leaves Henry in his room. The lights and heat have been shut off. Tears gas begins to rise from the floor to the ceiling within the corridor.
As Henry walks cautiously towards his cell door, a STRIKE- he has been stabbed in the stomach. He stumbles back into his bed and falls, doubled over with blood pouring into his hand as the riot continues. The sound of SCREAMING, YELLING, guns FIRING fades in Henry’s ears until the silence accompanies him into the darkness.



EPILOGUE



An alarm goes off. 
Henry wakes up in his bedroom, refreshed for once after a long, long, long, deep sleep. His hair is long and an absolute shaggy mess.
The radio switches on, “Welcome back ladies and gentleman this has truly been a wild show today. Let me bring on our last guest of the day and certainly not the least, Radcliffe’s newly appointed-” Henry knocks the clock radio of the plastic crate night stand. He looks at the clock, which doesn’t reveal a time of day, just flickering numbers. He rubs his eyes, gets up out of bed and makes his way directly into the bathroom. 
He gets out his tooth paste and tooth brush and begins to brush his teeth. Once done, he spits and rinses with out the first sight of blood. He picks up some clothes on his floor, a white t-shirt and jeans and makes his way to the door.
The sun is SHINING. The streets have completely transformed. They have fresh pavement with fresh yellow and white paint unscathed by storms and filth. The sidewalks have new concrete and are not covered in trash. Also on the sidewalks are lush green trees surrounded by mulch. The sun light is even reflecting off the dew from freshly cut grass.
Children are playing at the playground across the street, laughing and having the times of their young lives. Mothers are sitting with other mothers watching them. There are even people in the crystal clear, shimmering pool..
He takes a deep breath and begins to walk up the street.
The graveyard grass is green and lively. Flowers and balloons decorate all the headstones, which are intact and solid.  
Henry is standing over his mother’s headstone. He wipes away tears from his eyes and crouches down. He lifts the small metal handle on his mother’s head stone to reveal an old, cardboard shoe box. He reaches in and grabs the box to open it. It is filled to top with cash. He tucks the box underneath his arm and turns to walk away. He notices the stone angel, her head is back on her shoulders, but her position has changed. She is no longer face planted in her hands. She has her head tilted down and to the left and with her wings and arms wide open. Henry looks at the angel, wipes another tear away from his eye and leaves the graveyard.
He goes to the location of Mr. Hoffer’s office which is now a large, brick medical practice. The front door is in a huge glass archway with black tinted glass. The sign next to the parking lot does not list his name on the board. He walks into the office and is in a waiting room filled with children and their parents. He makes eye contact with the young, beautiful receptionist who opens her window. When she smiles her white teeth RADIATE between her lips, which sparkle from her pink glittery lip gloss, and light up the room. 
“Hello there! What can I help you with? Do you have an appointment?” gleams the receptionist.
“No. Is Mr. Hoffer here?”
“I’m sorry, who?”
“Mr. Hoffer. He used to practice here.”
“I am sorry. There is no one here by that name. Was he a pediatrician or a physician?”
“He was a psychiatrist.”
“No, again I am sorry, but there’s no one here named Mr. Hoffer. I actually did not know this used to be a psychiatric office. Learn something new everyday, right?
Henry nods his head and slowly walks away from the window and out the door.
He stands across from Al’s Used Auto Part’s. He sees Tim and John arrive on the same time and walk into the building for another day in greasy paradise. Neither of them notices Henry.
He continues walking down the street, shoe box in hand, and can barely see due to the SHINING of the sun. He sees the Quick Mart he used to frequent, which no longer has steel security bars on the windows. He walks over to a spinning rack of sun glasses. He finds a pair of gold brimmed glass with brown lenses. As he is walking over to the counter to pay, he spots a black book bag which he also picks up. He pays in cash, which the clerk takes hesitantly and stares suspiciously once seeing inside the box.
Henry walks out of the door and is still taking in the scenery. Everything seems too peaceful and bright. It is energizing and blissful. He stops at a house with freshly cut, lush lawn. He takes in the smell and looks at the small, white rambler with black shutters. The porch is stained a beautiful brown and the front door is opened. Blooming pink, red and purple flowers decorate the garden on both sides of the porch which is filled with rich brown mulch. A light breeze passes through the wind chimes hanging on the roof of the porch.  
There is a man in the front yard polishing a Harley Davidson chopper with his back turned to Henry. He is a tall, thin, Older Gentlemen with shaggy, dark brown and grey hair, which is covered by a straw fedora.
Henry looks at the bike which has chrome ape hanger handle bars, chrome frames and rims with an oft white body. 
The man moves to the other side of the chopper to reveal a ‘For Sale’ sign. Upon seeing his face Henry notices he also has a beard. He spots Henry, and put his hand over the brim of his hat to shield his eyes from the sun. “Hi there neighbor. Can I help ya?”
“That’s a nice bike.”
“Yes, Yes indeed. She sure is. I have to sell her though. I hate to see her go. I think my driving days might be over though.”
“Why is that?”
“I have done enough riding in my time. I’m just ready to settle down. I just don’t know what I will do to replace the feeling I got from riding; the freedom.
There is absolutely nothing like it. Being on this bike, I just felt apart from everything.”
“How much do want for it?
“Well. . .”
“I have cash,” interrupts Henry. He unzips his book bag and pulls out his shoe box. He opens it to show the money to the Older Gentleman, whose eyes grow large. Henry grabs a few handfuls of cash and hands them over to him. “Are there any problems or anything that I need to know about?”
He is astonished and his face is covered in awe. “No, not at all. I had to put some money in the gas tank not too long ago but other than that she’s pristine”
Henry slides on the black leather seat and straddles the chopper with an enormous feeling of empowerment. 
The Older Gentleman reaches into his pocket and pulls out a set of keys.
“Why don’t you start her on up?” he says with a smile. He tosses Henry the keys, which he catches and stares at for a moment.
Henry puts the keys into the ignition, engages the kill switch and turns the key. It growls and roars like a pissed off dragon, leaving them both with grins that go from ear to ear. The vibration of the bike and Henry are one.
The Older Gentleman is talking, but Henry cannot hear him. He is euphoric.
He turns and finally notices the Older Gentleman trying to get his attention.
“She can growl cant she? She will get you wherever you need to go.” He pauses looking around, “Where are you going, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“Nowhere and everywhere.”
He nods with approval. He knows exactly what Henry is talking about. “Don’t forget your helmet.” He hands Henry a black Skull Half helmet. “This will keep everything in your head. No one wants to see inside of that, except a doctor, maybe.”
Henry grabs the helmet, places it on his head and buckles the straps underneath his chin.
“You know, I have been here a long time, but I have never seen you before. Do you live here?” 
“No, I was never here.”
Henry kicks the kickstand and engages the clutch, puts it first gear and slowly releases the clutch. He is off down the street, speeding with the sun beating down on his back. 
Henry passes the drunken psychotic Holy Roller, who is walking along the clean sidewalk with his hands in his pockets, looking down at the ground kicking rocks. No longer a preacher of and to the creatures; he has nothing to say.
As Henry continues down the straight path, the suns light gets brighter and brighter, like that of a million supernovas, until the city of Radcliffe is white, totally blocked by light.







































































An alarm goes off.

 

 

 




 






