

CUT-THROAT DEFENCE
by
MARK DRYDEN 

(Second in the Brad Norton Series) 

Copyright 2019





CHAPTER ONE

Justice Robert Benson was one of the worst judges I had the misfortune to appear before. He had the right pedigree for judicial office. He belonged to the third generation of an illustrious legal dynasty that had produced two High Court judges, a Federal Attorney General and several prominent silk. However, while he inherited the noble foreheads, solid jaws and rampant arrogance of his forefathers, he received only a squirt of their ability. When he was conceived, the sparkle had left the Benson seed. 
Despite that, he became a barrister at a ridiculously young age and hit the ground running. His fabulous surname opened plenty of doors. Solicitors assumed that a “Benson” knew what he was doing and showered him with work. It took them a long time to realise that he didn’t and stop briefing him. His income dried up. A couple of nasty divorces further depleted his assets and a bank started breathing down his neck.
However, in his hour of need, powerful family friends sprang to his rescue and persuaded the Attorney-General to appoint him to the Supreme Court bench. That gave him a solid salary, the prospect of a generous pension and protection from the bank, which would not bankrupt a sitting judge.
When he was appointed, five years ago, a few of my colleagues predicted he might “grow into” the job. He did not. He started badly and flat-lined after that. He was lazy and had a shaky grasp of the law. But what really annoyed me were his peevish manner and firm conviction that all defendants were guilty until proven innocent. He was more interested in removing “riff-raff” from the street than dispensing justice. He would have leaped for joy if capital punishment was re-introduced. That made him the natural enemy of a defence barrister like me.
His surly presence darkened several trials in which I appeared. However, I controlled my tongue until the trial of a client called Lenny Osborne, accused of manufacturing crystal meth for sale. Then Justice Benson and I went for each other’s throats.
Lenny was a veteran drug-trafficker who lived on a large property in a semi-rural area, just outside Sydney. At the bottom of his garden was a tin shed. One Saturday afternoon, the peace and quiet of this idyllic setting were torn asunder by a large explosion that blew the roof off the shed and engulfed it in flames. Lenny staggered out of the maelstrom, clothes and hair alight, and rolled around on the grass.
Startled neighbours phoned Emergencies Services. An ambulance was dispatched. The two ambulance officers found a semi-charred Lenny screaming in pain. They shipped him off to a hospital where he was treated for severe lacerations, perforated eardrums and third-degree burns to 40 percent of his body. 
The good news for Lenny was that the inferno destroyed any incriminating chemicals inside the shed. However, unfortunately, a piece of paper with the recipe for crystal meth, written in his fair hand, caught an updraft, then a downdraft and then a puff of breeze. It miraculously wafted out of the shed and landed safely on the lawn.
The police alleged that piece of paper, some burnt-out laboratory equipment and the explosion itself proved that Lenny was a meth cook and the shed was his lab. While in hospital, Lenny foolishly spoke to some detectives and denied the allegations. He claimed that he had some bags of fertiliser in the shed, which must have exploded, and the note was an “intellectual exercise”. He could not explain why he needed so much fertiliser or when his “intellectual” cravings began.
The prosecution case was very strong. I advised Lenny to plead guilty and seek a reduced sentence. However, a man dumb enough to blow himself up does not take sensible advice “I hear what you say, but I don't plead guilty - ever.”
Since he had been tried and convicted three times for drug trafficking, that was a bold approach. I shrugged. “A matter for you.”
His trial was held in the Downing Centre Court Complex, situated in the Harbour-less part of the city centre. Justice Benson gave me a hard time from the start. He let the prosecution introduce inadmissible evidence, heckled me while I cross-examined and looked like he was stoically chewing glass when I made submissions. The jurors enjoyed our testy exchanges more than the trial itself. I had decided not to put Lenny in the witness box and let him scuttle his case. The Judge's behavior confirmed that decision.
The crowning affront to justice was his summing up to the jury. The numerous facts detrimental to Lenny were polished and mounted for display, and every hole in the prosecution case was skipped over. Further, he only mentioned the facts favourable to Lenny in passing and undermined them with frowns, scowls and eye-rolls the transcript did not capture.
The Judge finished summing up and glanced mildly at the Crown Prosecutor, Bernard Phipps, and me. “Are you gentlemen happy with how I have charged the jury? Is there anything you want me to correct?”
Though my client had a ropey defence, he deserved a fairer trial than he had received so far. I’d had enough. “Your Honour, I think we should discuss that issue in the absence of the jury.”
A surprised look. “Really?” 
“Yes, your Honour.” 
The Judge shrugged and asked the jury to leave the courtroom. They looked annoyed as they filed out, aware they were going to miss the climactic round of my fight with the Judge. 
When they were gone, the Judge turned to me. “You disagree with my summing up?” 
“Yes, your Honour.” 
A frozen stare. “Why?” 
“You basically told the jury to convict my client.”
“I did nothing of the kind. My summing up was most even-handed.”
I spent ten minutes listing the flaws in his summing up and describing his contemptuous body language while he delivered it. He watched like a hawk about to stoop. I didn't scare him one bit. My arguments did not matter. He was refereeing this fight and, whatever happened, would award himself victory. Of course, the Court of Appeal might censor him later. But he didn't fear it either. It usually dished out staid criticism. Only Parliament could take his job.
He said: “I reject your arguments and deny making the gestures you allege.” The Judge looked at the Crown Prosecutor. “What do you say, Mr Phipps?” 
The Judge expected the Prosecutor would side with him and was not disappointed. Nick Phipps had toadied to him for the whole trial and would not stop now. He rose to his feet and put on the ultra-serious expression he often wore when crawling to judges. “I noticed nothing untoward, your Honour - nothing at all. I thought your summing up was eminently fair.”
“Thank you, Mr Phipps.”
Nick sat down suffering from grovel rash.
I looked at the Judge. “Does this mean that your Honour will not correct his summing up?” 
The Judge's eyes glinted. “Yes, it does. There is nothing I need to correct.”
If I asked him to discharge the jury on the basis of his bias, he would definitely refuse. But, if I wanted to argue on appeal that the trial miscarried, I had to make that application now. “Then, I must ask your Honour to discharge the jury.” 
Instead of responding, the Judge carefully adjusted his yellowish wig - probably a family heirloom that once sat on much brighter heads than his - and re-arranged some pens and paper before looking up ominously. “On what grounds?”
“Your Honour's rulings and behaviour have ensured that my client has not received a fair trial. Your summing up was merely the latest indication of your bias. Your conduct has tainted this trial.”
A scowl showed that I had, at last, got under his skin. “Mr Norton, I do not intend to abort this trial or revisit my summing up.”
I always tried to work with judges rather than against them. I was not paid to have tantrums. But there are limits. I had always wondered where mine was. I now found out. White-hot anger surged through me. I knew I was about to say something I would regret and did not care. “In other words, we have to continue with this farce until the Court of Appeal declares it was a farce.”
That remark shocked both of us.
He went crimson. “How dare you. Withdraw that remark, now.”
Pride grabbed my tongue. “I refuse.”
For a moment, I feared he would hold me in contempt and order that the Sheriff's Officers drag me off to the cells below. My legs shook.
A deep frown. “Mr Norton, your conduct during this trial has brought great discredit to yourself. You have shown consistent rudeness and discourteously to the bench. I was not, of course, personally offended. However, you insulted the dignity of my office.”
I was still too angry to back down. “Your Honour, I merely tried to defend my client, to the best of my ability, in the face of great provocation.”
His face reddened. “You can't help yourself, can you? I probably should hold you in contempt, but won't. However, I may report you to the Bar Disciplinary Tribunal for unprofessional conduct. I will ponder that when the trial is over.”
“On what ground?” 
“Flagrant discourtesy to the court.”
He kept hoping I would drop a knee. 
I shrugged instead. “That is a matter for your Honour. I trust you will keep me informed.”
Lightning flashed in his eyes. But he realised that I would not be cowed and arguing with me eroded his dignity. “Have no fear on that score. Now, your application to discharge the jury is dismissed.” He turned to the Court Officer. “Please bring the jury back into court.” 
The jurors reassembled in the jury box and the Judge gave them some final instructions on how to reach a verdict. As he did, I simmered quietly and fantasised about forcing him to eat his shabby wig. 
The Judge sent the jury away to consider its verdict and remanded my client in custody. After giving me a baleful stare, he disappeared off the bench.
I turned to Nick Phipps and raised an eyebrow. “Eminently fair?”
He had the decency to wince. “You think I went a bit over the top?”
“Way over the top.”
A shrug. “Sorry, I try not to suck up to judges, but I just can’t help myself.”
I had to laugh. “That’s obvious.”
I turned and looked at my instructing solicitor, Clint Andersen from the Legal Aid Office. I was a little nervous he might think that my attack on Justice Benson went too far. I need not have worried. Clint was one of the laziest lawyers I had ever met. He was now snoozing away in his chair.
I turned towards Lenny Osborne, standing in the dock. His thin face beamed with excitement and gold earrings jiggled. “Great work. You showed the miserable prick, you really did. He’s the worst judge I’ve ever had - easily.”
I sighed inwardly. Clients love seeing their counsel rough up a judge or witness, no matter how counter-productive it may be. I said: “I'm glad you enjoyed it. But your situation is still very grim.”
A frown. “You really think I'm stuffed?”
“Yes, I warned you about that.”
“I know, but I thought you were just covering your arse.”
“I was telling the truth.”
He almost looked philosophical. “Well, my mum always said my life was gonna be a fuckin’ disaster. She was right, of course.”
A couple of Sheriff's Officers hustled him through the door behind the dock and Clint Andersen appeared at my shoulder, blinking like he’d just emerged from a cave. “What was that about?”
“Oh, I asked Benson to disqualify himself for bias.”
A blank stare. “You did. What did he do?”
“Told me to get lost.”
“Not surprised. Good move, though. You obviously made the client happy. Let's go and have a coffee."



CHAPTER TWO

Clint and I only had time to down a couple of cups of coffee each, in a local café, before the Judge's Associate phoned him to say the jury had reached a verdict. We scurried back to the courtroom and listened to the Foreperson announce that Lenny was very damn guilty. The Judge smiled slightly and remanded him in custody, pending a sentencing hearing. Then he adjourned the trial and, after giving me a frosty stare, disappeared off the bench.
Clint and I descended to the holding cells to confer with Lenny before a prison van whisked him away. He didn't seem upset. There is something truly noble about a veteran criminal who accepts that going to prison is an occupational hazard. You rarely see that sort of professionalism anywhere else.
He said: “Can I appeal?”
I said: “Of course. You did not get a fair trial. But, if you win the appeal, the Court of Appeal will order a retrial. Then you'll probably get a fair trial and still get convicted.”
A frown. “Well, I want to appeal.”
Clint said: “If you want Legal Aid to fund an appeal, you'll have to apply for another grant."
A frown. “Shit. More paperwork."
"That's how it goes, I'm afraid."
We left Lenny and went upstairs. As we descended the front steps of the court complex, Clint said: "Don't blame yourself for losing that one. It was a stupid defence. But, to make up for it, I may be able to offer you a murder brief. You interested?"
I wasn't surprised that he raised that possibility, despite my lack of experience. He had briefed me to appear in my one and only murder trial, which I won handsomely. "Absolutely."
"Good. But I warn you, it won't be easy. Our client is going to run a 'cut-throat defence'."
That meant the trial would involve two defendants, both charged with murder, who would blame each other to save themselves. Prosecutors loved that sort of defence. The defendants usually destroyed each other.
I said: "That defence rarely work."
"I know. There's more chance of me hurdling the bar table. Do you still want the brief?"
I was paid per-day, not per-victory. "Of course."
"Good. But it may be a while before I send it to you. I have to get the approval of my boss and his boss."
"Because I'm so junior?"
"Yup. The rules have changed since I sent you the other murder brief."
"No problem. I can wait."
I farewelled Clint and walked back to chambers through Hyde Park, bar bag over my shoulder. It was a blistering hot day and I hugged the shade of the Morton Bay fig trees while mentally reviewing my performance during the trial.
The only other time I asked a judge to abort a trial for bias was when I was a baby barrister. I thought the judge was yelling at me in an unfair manner. On reflection, he was rightly angry at my incompetence. This time, I was on firmer ground. Justice Benson richly deserved an upper-cut, though I probably should not have called the trial a ‘farce’. He was unlikely to report me to the Bar Disciplinary Tribunal. But, if he did, the Tribunal would go easy on me. I had a spotless record, so far, and a barrister can commit far worse sins than defending his client with too much enthusiasm.
I wondered, though, whether I could have managed the Judge better during the course of the trial. Maybe, if I sucked up a bit more, he would have been less hostility. Probably not. He was a bully. He would have walked all over me and I would have lost the respect of my client.
After leaving Hyde Park, I passed through the shadow of the Supreme Court Building, which looked like a vertical bunker rather than a courthouse. Most Sydney barristers worked in a small legal village spread around the building. Their chambers usually contained 30 to 40 members. I belonged to Thomas Erskine Chambers, which occupied the entire fifth floor of a green-tiled building opposite the Supreme Court.
The reception area had mahogany walls lined with portraits of famous former members and a fleur-de-lis carpet. It projected permanence and tradition. I stepped from a lift and found our receptionist, Jill, chatting with a phone-pal about some clothes she bought. I darted past her and headed up a corridor towards my room. 
Our Head of Chambers, Derek Hoogland, emerged from his room and headed in my direction. He was tall and spindly, with hollow eyes and papery skin. Alive, he looked slightly dead and, when dead, would look slightly alive. Despite the heat outside, he wore a three-piece suit with pinstripe trousers. I’m sure he would have worn a four-piece suit if he could buy one.
Hoogland was one of the top commercial barristers in Sydney and, therefore, Australia. He spent most of his time advising big-firm solicitors and corporate titans on how to torture the law until it confessed. Sometimes, he shuffled off to court to whisper politely to a judge or flog a witness with a wet lettuce. The hearings had no drama or human interest, no poetry or emotion. They were all prose. 
The Bar in New South Wales was a museum of quaint customs. One required that barristers dress for work like time-travellers from the 18th century. Another was that the most senior silk in a set of chambers was appointed the Head of Chambers, no matter how unsuitable he might be.
Hoogland had benefited from that custom. He certainly would not have been appointed on merit. He had neither tact nor charm. Further, his reputation received a beating when our receptionist sued him for sexual harassment. The receptionist originally persuaded a floor colleague called Wayne Newman to represent her. When Wayne had a skiing accident, I replaced him and extracted a large settlement from Hoogland. I owed Hoogland no loyalty. I was a colleague, not a serf on his estate. But, for some stupid reason, he thought I acted disloyally and refused to talk to me after the case.
Now, as he approached, he gave me a piercing stare. Our shoulders almost touched as he went past.
I ducked into my small room. Barrister's rooms were once decorated with law reports that impressed clients and were rarely opened. No longer. Mine had blond-wood paneling and windowed onto Philip Street. It was the only real estate I owned; both a place of business and my sanctuary from the world. 
I tossed my bar bag into a corner and prowled around my small domain, discharging my last anger towards Justice Benson while studying the ugly facade of the Supreme Court Building. I eventually reminded myself that I was a self-employed businessman with bills to pay. I was recently briefed to represent a high school teacher accused of raping a female student 20 years ago. I had waded through the prosecution brief several times, looking for flaws in the prosecution case, and was reluctant to repeat the exercise. But I forced myself to get started.
Ten minutes later, I sensed a presence and looked up. A guy with frizzy grey hair, chubby features and a portly build stood in the middle of my room. His eyes signaled that, somewhere inside, a fire raged out of control.
Wayne Newman excited my admiration and despair. He behaved in court like a lion with a tooth-ache, taunting opponents, berating judges and brawling with witnesses. When a judge recently praised the “elegant” submissions of his opponent, Wayne turned to his instructing solicitor and made a jerking-off motion. The judge yelled: “I saw that Mr Newman!”. Wayne claimed he was merely shaking his pen to free the ink and demanded his own apology. None was given and their relationship continued to spiral downward. If Wayne had appeared before Justice Benson, instead of me, there would have been mayhem. He might be standing in the courthouse car park, right now, waiting to confront the judge on his way home.
Not surprisingly, the Bar Disciplinary Tribunal had twice reprimanded him for discourtesy to the bench. If he got a third strike, it would probably rub him out. So, while I admired his bravery, I had serious misgivings about his judgement.
As usual, he looked very pleased to be himself. “Afternoon digger. Where have you been? Can I buy you a cup of coffee?”
I was wary about accepting invitations from colleagues to have coffee. Vast chunks of the day could slide effortlessly down a plughole. But Wayne was a good mate and ceaselessly entertaining. I also preferred having coffee with him instead of a boozy lunch that definitely killed the whole day.
We ambled around the corner to our favourite café in Macquarie Street and sat at an outside table, the heat still trapped under a hazy sky. 
He said: “How did your trial go?”
I recited the gory details, including my stoush with Justice Benson at the end.
He smiled. “You really told him the trial was a farce?”
“Yep.”
He smiled. “Well done. Good to see you’ve got some nasty in you, though I would have applied the blow-torch a lot earlier. I wouldn’t let Benson judge a flower show. He gives over-entitled white guys like us a bad name.”
We ordered coffees from a cruising waiter and I said: “What happened to your trial?”
Wayne had spent the last few days defending a client charged with rebirthing stolen motor vehicles.
He sighed: “A disaster. The jury only took 10 minutes to convict.”
“Wow. That probably should be in the Guinness Book of Records.”
“Maybe, but I don’t plan to tip them off. I mean, how the hell can jurors make a decision like that in only 10 minutes? They obviously didn’t discuss any of my submissions. Hell, they didn't even have time to take a piss. They rushed straight back into court and sent my client to the slammer. Fucking rude, if you ask me. Made me look bad.”
“Your client was guilty, I trust?”
"As hell." He sighed. "Anyway, I'm glad that trial's over: it got pretty weird."
“Why?”
“'Smiley' Morton was the judge.”
Whoever bestowed that nickname was being ironic. Judge Morton always looked like someone just drove over his foot. “So what?”
“I helped destroy his marriage.”
“Really? How?”
“I had an affair with his wife.”
“Christ. And he knows about it?”
“Yup. She told him when they were still married. She wanted to annoy him. I think she succeeded.”
“Jesus. So, how did he treat you during the trial?”
“Like someone who shagged his wife and wrecked his marriage. Got snarky every time I opened my mouth.”
“What did you do?”
“I cut him some slack, at first. After all, according to some moral philosophers, I did the man a great wrong. But I will only turn the cheek for so long. I said: ‘Your Honour, I seem to have offended you in some way. Please tell me how so that I can make amends’.”
“My God. How did he respond to that?”
“He looked like I had just thrown a fresh turd at him.”
“I bet he did.”
“But he backed down and simmered on the bench for the rest of the trial.”
“Jeez, you never have normal trials, do you?”
“Alas, that's not my lot in life.”
“His wife was Pamela Sweetacre, right, the Crown Prosecutor?”
“Correct.”
“So, you slept with her?”
“Yes, why?”
She's, umm, pretty tough.”
“I'd say 'gristly'. Shagging her is the closest I've ever come to sleeping with a guy.”
Our coffees arrived and I mentioned my non-encounter with Hoogland in the hallway. “He still hasn't forgiven me for representing Tania Carmichael. I've made an enemy for life.”
Wayne was the doughty veteran of numerous chambers civil wars, most of which he initiated, and had carried on a jihad against Hoogland for some time. He represented the receptionist in her sexual harassment claim against Hoogland until a skiing accident sidelined him and I had to take over. He resumed his campaign against Hoogland at a recent chambers general meeting when he proposed that the floor adopt a sexual harassment policy. “We don't have one and it's important to move with the times.”
Hoogland’s pallid features caught fire and his Afrikaans accent grew harsher, which I thought impossible. “We don't need a policy.”
“Why not?”
“People on this floor know how to behave.”
Wayne pounced on his mistake. “I'm sure they do. But there are a few rotten apples in every group who must be carefully controlled. I’m sure you understand that.”
If Hoogland had a pistol, he would have shot Wayne in the chest, and Wayne would have strangled him with his last breath. “If you have a policy you want to put forward, do so. Otherwise, you are wasting our time.”
Wayne smiled. “Leave it to me; I’ll do some drafting.”
Now, sitting at the café table, Wayne said: “Hoogland won’t forgive or forget your insubordination. But, don't worry, he can't do you much harm, except stop you getting silk.”
It would be several years before I was senior enough to apply for silk. “He can do that?”
“Of course. About the only power a Head of Chambers has left is the power to veto someone getting silk. The selection committee will ask him if you're ready for silk, and he'll umm and aahh and say, in a sad tone, that you’re still a bit raw. The selection committee will conclude that, if your Head of Chambers won't endorse you, you don't have the right stuff. Verily, it is easier for a barrister to pass through the eye of a needle than become a silk without the backing of his Head of Chambers.”
“That sucks.”
A shrug. “Only if you care about such things.” 
The Bar Association would confer silk on a convicted mass murderer before Wayne got it. Did that rankle him? You bet.
“What can I do to stop him?”
“Hah. Make sure he's not Head of Chambers when you apply.”
“How?”
Wayne grinned. “We could have him whacked.”
I assumed he was joking. “Yeah? By whom? My clients are too stupid. I wouldn’t trust any of them.”
Wayne giggled. “Yeah, and your accomplices always send you to prison, don't they? But there is good news. He might not be around much longer.”
“Why not?”
“I've heard that the Attorney-General has offered him a slot on the Court of Appeal. The Chief Justice is a good mate and is backing him.”
Hoogland was a high-flying commercial barrister. His resume made him an ideal pick for the Court of Appeal. I only objected on character grounds. “But he's not fit for the job. I mean, he had to settle a claim for sexual harassment.”
“True, but nothing was proved and the terms are confidential. Frankly, I hope he does get the nod. We’ll be rid of him and he’ll waste his remaining years churning out judgments about rubbish. Being a judge is no bed of roses.”
“So, when can we expect an announcement?”
“I don’t know. I’ve heard the offer has been made. I don't know if he's accepted it.”



CHAPTER THREE

I rented an apartment high in a tall block in Edgecliff, a couple of train stops from the city centre. I bought some Chinese takeaway at the train station and took it home, where I ate in front of the television. The ABC Late News had just started. The male news presenter had apex predator teeth. A couple of political items flowed right through me. So did an item about someone, somewhere in the world, being pulled out of a collapsed building a week after an earthquake. 
The next story grabbed my attention. Several months ago, a prominent television actor called Stephen Gilroy was stabbed to death in his home. His wife, Sonia Russell, was charged with murder and manslaughter. The story had dominated the news media ever since.
The news presenter said that Sonia Russell had appeared in the Local Court, that morning. He crossed to the ABC's court reporter, Karen Grogan, standing in front of a sandstone courthouse in thickening light, and asked her what happened in court.
I had chatted with Karen several times when she covered trials in which I was involved. She was one of the better court reporters in a fairly uncompetitive field.
She said: “Sonia Russell appeared this morning before Magistrate Barber in the Local Court to formally plead to charges of murder and manslaughter. She entered pleas of 'not guilty' to both charges. Her solicitor, Mr Sandy Westbrook, told the Magistrate that she stabbed her husband in self-defence. The Magistrate set the matter down for trial, in the Supreme Court, in four weeks' time. Ms Russell left the Local Court shortly afterward with her solicitor.”
Footage appeared of Sonia Russell and her solicitor running a gauntlet of television cameramen and news photographers as they left the courthouse. The involvement of Sandy Westbrook sparked my interest. He briefed me quite frequently. However, there was no chance that he would brief me to represent Sonia Russell. She would have plenty of money to spend on a top-drawer silk. This was one of those cases that determined who was hot and who was not at the Bar. I was not even lukewarm.
While Sandy and his client ploughed through the media scrum, a reporter asked him for a comment. Sandy slowed and said: “Ms Russell strongly maintains her innocence and will prove it at the trial. That is all I intend to say at this time.”


CHAPTER FOUR

I had arranged to have dinner with Patricia Ransome, the following evening, at a something-fusion restaurant on Crown Street, Darlinghurst. Our relationship had gone through plenty of ups and downs since I first met her six years ago. She was a partner at a small law firm in the city who briefed me to defend a client charged with drink-driving. As soon as I lost the trial, I invited her out to dinner. That spawned a relationship that lasted for a couple of years until I got cold feet and ran away.
I recently wised up and persuaded her to start seeing me again. However, she now kept me at a distance. We had sex, sometimes, at her place, but she rarely let me stay the night. Nor would she discuss the state of our relationship or tell me how to bridge the gap between us.
I often wondered why she hung back. Did my past behavior make her wary? Was she punishing me? Was she stress-testing my commitment? Had I lost my appeal? Or, did I have a competitor? I flip-flopped between those possibilities. One thing was sure: her indifference was tiring me out. If our 'relationship' did not improve soon, I would have to cut my losses and move on.
The restaurant was little more than a hole in a wall, full of noisy couples still in office gear. Patricia was seated when I arrived. She was in her early thirties, tall, with fine features and olive skin. Her business suit said she came straight from work. A feather tickled my heart. I was mad when I ran away from her. Hopefully, I was now a lot smarter. But only time would tell.
I said: “Hi.”
She stood and gave me a firm kiss. “Hi.”
I dropped into the chair opposite. “Been waiting long?”
“Only about ten minutes. What have you been up to?”
“Oh, busy losing trials and fighting with judges.”
“Who did you fight with?”
I described my stoush with Justice Benson.
She looked horrified. “You really called the trial a farce?” 
“I'm afraid so.” 
She giggled. “That doesn't sound like you.”
“He pushed me too far.” 
“I’m sure he did. He's a nasty bastard. But it’s your job to stay cool.”
I shrugged. “I’m not a robot. I have a heart and soul. I have feelings – real ones.”
She laughed. “I'll take your word for it. But don't make a habit of doing that. Don’t end up like your mate, Wayne.”
A stab of concern. “God forbid. So, what have you been doing?” 
She fingered the menu. “I got a very interesting new client. In fact, I bet you’ve heard of him.”
“Who?”
“Doctor Derek Oldfield.”
I was impressed. Oldfield was a prominent Eastern suburbs surgeon whose wife went missing. After her body parts were found in bushland, he was charged with murder. The police claimed she was cut up with surgical precision.
I said: “Congratulations. The media will feast on that trial. How did you get the work?”
“He's a good friend of a partner at work. The partner referred him to me.” Patricia did most of the criminal law work at her four-partner firm.
“Have you spoken to him?”
“Yup.”
“What did you think?”
“Seemed rather nice, actually.”
“I’m sure he is. Just don’t go bush-walking with him. Does he have a defence?"
“He claims the wife was having an affair with another surgeon who bumped her off.”
“Which explains the surgical way she was sliced and diced?”
“Yup.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Good luck with that.”
A shrug. “We’ll see.”
It was highly unlikely she would brief me. Since we resumed seeing each other, she had only briefed me once, in a pro-bono matter. She obviously did not want to intertwine our professional and private lives. She would also be reluctant to brief a junior barrister like me in such a high-profile murder trial. However, I was curious to know who she would brief to defend Oldfield. That would help me assess who was hot and who was not at the criminal law Bar.
I said: “Who are you going to brief?”
She paused for a beat. “Probably Murray Maher.”
She had mentioned a few times previously that she had briefed him in matters. Maher was in his early forties and, if not already the “number one” criminal defence barrister in the State, soon would be. Jurors expect barristers to be tall and handsome, with a smooth tongue and elegant manners. They found most a squalid disappointment. But 'Movie Star' fitted the bill and they loved him for it. 
Why did she pause slightly before mentioning his name? Was she reluctant to reveal she would not brief me or to reveal that she would brief him? Was he the competitor I feared? Was their relationship beyond professional? I knew little about his private life, but had heard he was a ladies’ man.
I said: “He’s a good choice.”
“I think so.”
“You brief him a lot?”
Another pause? “Yes, he’s very good.”
I told myself I was jumping at shadows and should calm down. However, I filed away my suspicion for future reference.
We ordered food and wine, which quickly arrived, then spent an hour chatted amiably about friends and family, and films we had seen. I paid the bill and walked her home. She lived in a small red-brick apartment building about a block away.
As we walked, I reflect that we could have had a very different conversation in the restaurant. It would have focused on the roadblocks in our relationship and where it was going. But we didn't have it. She wanted to avoid it and I lacked the courage to start it. I would have it later, in my head, and get nowhere.
At the front entrance, I shuffled on my feet. “Umm, do you want me to hang around?”
She sighed. “Not tonight. I’m a bit tired. Let’s go out early next week; I'll be more fun, then.”
As usual, after we had a good time, she had drawn the curtains.
I said: “Sure.”
After giving me a tender kiss, she ducked into her apartment building.


CHAPTER FIVE

Wayne Newman rarely looked flustered. Angry, yes; flustered, no. However, the next morning, he marched into the middle of my room and looked exactly that. “Mate, you got time for coffee?”
I wanted to keep working on a brief, but could not refuse him. “Sure.”
We wandered a couple of hundred metres to our favourite café in Macquarie Street, where we snared a pavement table and ordered coffee.
Across the road, a couple of protesters had chained themselves to the front fence of the State Parliament building. I could not read their signs and a warm breeze carried away their chants.
Wayne still looked upset. “Mate, I need your help.”
Did Mary wise up and finally leave him? I would console him if she did. But I would not say she made a mistake. “What's wrong?”
“I'm in big trouble.”
“Why?”
“I may have, umm, overstepped the mark.”
Wayne spent his life doing that. This must be a large transgression. “You mean, in court?”
“Well, just outside of court.”
“What did you do?”
 “I, umm, punched a prosecutor.”
I was shocked rather than surprised. “You what?”
“I punched a prosecutor.”
“Shit. Where?”
“On the jaw. I mean, it wasn't a big punch. It couldn’t knock the skin off a rice pudding, but he fell over.”
Jesus. “Tell me all.”
Wayne mangled a sugar satchel. “I was appearing in a heroin importation trial. Victor Lomax was the prosecutor. After the trial, out in the hallway, he complained that I tried to distract the jury when he was making his final address.”
“Did you?”
A grin. “That interpretation is available.”
I bet it was. “What did you do?”
“I made an origami figure.”
“An origami figure?”
“Yeah, a crane.”
I had to giggle. “You're kidding me?”
“Of course not.”
“What did the jurors do?”
A wicked grin. “They seemed far more interested in my origami than in Lomax. That's no surprise: he’s a crashing bore.”
Barristers love distracting juries when their opponents are making key points. They knock over water jugs, drop books and mangle paper clips. The great Marshall Hall was notorious for noisily inflating and deflating a rubber cushion. However, Wayne had displayed a sense of fantasy I did not know he possessed. He turned a stunt into an art form. I was impressed.
I said: “What did Lomax do while you were making your crane?”
“He snarled at me a few times, that’s all.”
Wayne had put Lomax in a tough position. Lomax had to decide whether to continue his address or complain to the Judge and risk creating an even bigger distraction. He decided to press on.
“What happened outside of court?”
“He claimed I was a disgrace and flicked up my jabot,” Wayne said, referring to the small bib that falls from a barrister’s throat. Wayne wore a wide and lacy one, I vaguely recalled. The jabot was certainly the most decorative item that a barrister wore. Touching it would affront most barristers. Wayne was guaranteed to blow his stack.
 “He what?”
“He flicked up my jabot.” 
I suppressed a smile. “Disgraceful. No barrister should ever interfere with another barrister’s jabot. It's a gross insult.”
“That’s what I thought. So, I threw a punch and he fell onto his arse.”
“You shouldn’t have done that.”
“He messed with my jabot.”
“It wouldn’t have mattered if he attacked it with scissors. You shouldn’t have punched him.”
A sigh. “I know, I know. But I didn't hit him hard. I just sort of grazed his jaw. He seemed to slip or trip, or something like that. It was like watching someone dive in soccer.”
“Are you saying he faked his fall?”
Wayne stroked his chin and looked serious. “That is quite possible. There is no way my punch knocked him over.”
“Was he down for long?”
“Nope, he jumped back up, waving his finger and called me a ‘grub’.”
“Nasty.”
“He could, of course, have taken a swing at me. But he’s a total weasel, so he went back to his chambers and wrote a long letter of complaint to the Bar Association.”
“What has the Association done?”
 “It's already sent me a ‘Please Explain’ letter.”
“How will you respond?”
“I’m not sure. But, whatever I say, the Association will send a complaint to the Bar Disciplinary Tribunal alleging unprofessional conduct. That’s obvious.”
He was right. He had been a thorn in the side of the Association for years; it would love to rub him out for going medieval on a colleague. Until now, I had regarded the whole ruckus as a joke. Now, I realised that Wayne faced professional oblivion. One barrister assaulting another was a very serious offence. Barristers were supposed to prevent violence, not engage in it. There was a high likelihood Wayne would be struck off the Roll of Barristers.
I said: “The Tribunal won’t blow you any kisses.”
“I know. Maybe, if I’m lucky, I’ll get a reprimand.”
“You’ve already collected two of those. The Tribunal’s patience has worn thin. It will probably strike you off the Roll. You'll be lucky if you're only suspended.”
He sighed. “Jesus, that’s not what I wanted to hear.”
“I can’t sugarcoat it, I'm afraid.”
“I know. Maybe, this is the end of my not-quite-glorious career.”
“Well, if there’s anything I can do to help, let me know.”
“There is, actually. Will you represent me at the Tribunal?”
Wayne had jeopardised his career with an act of epic self-indulgence. Now, he wanted me to save it, for free. I was not amused. However, I had no choice and tried to sound gracious. “Of course.”
“Thanks, mate.”
Our coffees arrived and we exchanged Bar gossip with less relish than usual. The possibility that Patricia might be going out with Murray Maher had preyed on my mind. During a gap in the conversation, I fished for information about him. “How well do you know Murray Maher?”
“’Movie Star’? Not that well. He doesn’t talk to trash like me. But I’ve seen in action. I hate to admit it, but he’s quite talented. Juries love him.”
“Married or single?”
“He was married to a barrister called Felicity Blomstedt, who specialises in environmental law, but they divorced a few years ago.”
“Any kids?”
“I don’t think so.”
“What went wrong with the marriage?”
“How the hell would I know? They didn’t confide in me. But I’ve heard that he likes to hide his sausage around town. I don’t blame him. If I looked like him, no woman would be safe.” A suspicious look. “Why are you interested in him?”
“I can’t tell you.”
“Why not?”
“Because you’re a shocking gossip.”
A frown. “That’s what I dislike about you: you take, but you don’t give.”
I shrugged. “Deal with it.”
Wayne had not told me much. I already knew that Maher was a good-looking dude with a roving eye. Wayne certainly gave me no reason to bin my suspicions about Patricia and Maher.




CHAPTER SIX

There is an old saw at the Bar that a barrister ends up getting briefed by the solicitors he deserves. That worried me. Quite a few of the solicitors who briefed me were drunks, incompetents or shady operators, and I was in no position to do any pruning.
However, thankfully, several were quite good. The best was Sandy Westbrook, a sole-practitioner in the city centre. He was smart, hardworking and paid my bills with alacrity. If he said a client had put money in trust to pay my fees, it was true! That someone as competent as him briefed me gave my morale a big boost.
About a week after Wayne Newman described his impersonation of Rocky Balboa, Sandy phoned me in chambers and, after politely inquiring about my health, said: “I’ve got a client who needs counsel. Can you take the brief?”
I vaguely recalled that he was acting for Sonia Russell, who stabbed her television-star husband to death. Her trial would be the biggest show in town. But she was obviously not the “client” Sandy was talking about. She would be able to pay for a top silk. Sandy would not even consider me for the job. However, I made a mental note to gossip with him about that case after we discussed the business at hand.
I would take any brief that Sandy sent me. “Of course, I can take it.”
“Good, because I think you’ll like it.”
“Why? Who’s the client?”
A pause for effect. “Sonia Russell.”
I did not expect that. “Holy Jesus.”
“You sound impressed.”
“Of course, I’m impressed. Her trial will be huge. You’ve briefed a silk, right? You want me to be his junior?”
“Nope, you won’t have a leader. You’ll be on point. Is that OK?”
A stab of fear. Was I up to the job? Would I fold under the pressure? “Are you sure you want me? If you whistle, every silk in town will come running.”
“I know. But I want you.”
“Really? Umm, why?”
“I ran into Clint Andersen from Legal Aid a few days ago. He said he briefed you in a murder trial and you did a great job.”
“Hah, I've always admired Clint's judgement.”
“Good. There is also, umm, a financial reason to brief you.”
“What?”
“Sonia's short of funds. Her husband was a wealthy man. But she won't inherit anything unless she's acquitted of murder.”
The Forfeiture Rule in probate states that a person cannot unlawfully slay a benefactor and take his bounty. The policy reasons behind it are pretty obvious.
“You mean my main qualification is that I’m cheap?”
“Of course not. I think you’re the right man for the job - I really do.”
“And I’m cheap.”
He laughed. “… and you’re cheap. So, are you still interested?”
“Of course. I'd appear for nothing. You know that, don't you?”
“I do. But I don’t want to see you starve.”
“Thanks. When’s the trial?”
“It starts on the 12th of next month and will run for at least a week. You available?”
I flipped open my diary and saw I was available. “I can squeeze it in, just!”
“Good, I’ll send you the brief.”
“OK. Have we got much of a defence?”
“I’ve seen worse.”
That aroused my suspicion. “And, you’ve seen better?”
“Oh, definitely.”



CHAPTER SEVEN

The next morning, the floor’s junior clerk tottered into my room, pimples straining, and dumped five lever-arch folders on my desk. A cover-sheet said they contained the brief in R v Russell.
I was preparing for the sentencing hearing of a client convicted of sexual assault. That could wait. This would be my second murder trial and, without a doubt, the most high-profile. I nervously opened the first folder, hoping to find at least a glimmer of a defence - something I could work with.
The five folders contained the usual assortment of police witness statements and police expert’s reports, and copies of exhibits. There was also a witness statement of my client that Sandy prepared. After reading for a couple of hours, I understood the main issues in the case.
My client, Sonia Russell, was a 43-year-old thespian who had spent two decades playing bit parts on television and the stage, without ever snaring a starring role. In her late 20s, she married an accountant called Vincent Parker. Their only child, Rachel, was born a year later. That marriage foundered after four years.
Three years ago, she met a prominent television actor called Stephen Gilroy who, though in his mid-fifties, still had the looks and charm to play romantic leads, and the acting range to play character roles. He was best known for starring in two major television series. The first was Bartlett QC, in which he played the eponymous criminal defence barrister. The show ran for four seasons. I watched a few episodes when I was a law student, but soon got tired of watching the hero introduce inadmissible evidence, ask witnesses ridiculous questions and perform theatrical stunts that no judge would tolerate. Why did nobody object?
His other major television series was Father Drysdale. Once again, he played the eponymous hero. Father Drysdale was a hard-drinking Catholic priest in a 19th century outback town, who spent more time solving murders than tending to his flock. Sonia Russell played the heart-of-gold prostitute who passed him brothel gossip that helped solve murders and drove him to drink even more.
Their on-screen chemistry was fairly average. Off-screen, though, it sizzled. They married within a year and she moved, with her ten-year-old daughter, into his large Victorian terrace in Paddington. However, she should have considered his matrimonial track record before she did. Both of his previous marriages barely outlasted the honeymoon. Their marriage soon turned sour and they spent a lot of time making each other miserable. He eventually decided to divorce her.
The prosecution alleged that, on the day he died, Gilroy spent the morning at a television studio in Surry Hills, filming an episode of the eighth season of Father Drysdale. That afternoon, he visited his solicitor, Simon Blackstone, to discuss his plan to divorce his wife and the effect of a pre-nuptial agreement he made her sign. The prosecution had obtained a witness statement from Blackstone in which he described their meeting. According to Blackstone, he explained to Gilroy that, if he divorced his wife, the pre-nuptial agreement meant she would only receive $400,000 of his assets, which were worth $10 million. Gilroy was pleased to hear that.
When Blackstone asked Gilroy why he wanted a divorced, Gilroy described his wife as a “nasty bitch” and said he wanted “out”. He said that, when he got home, he would inform his wife that he intended to divorce her and commented: “She will probably kill me”.
Blackstone said: “Surely not.”
Gilroy responded, “You don’t know her.”
Blackstone thought little about that exchange until subsequent events imprinted it in his mind.
According to the prosecution, Sonia Russell already suspected that her husband planned to divorce her and was deeply concerned about the prenuptial agreement. The prosecution based that allegation on information found on her home computer. A police computer technician had discovered that, in the three days prior to the stabbing, she read numerous internet articles about the enforceability of prenuptial agreements.
In any event, after conferring with his solicitor, Gilroy drove home and arrived there at about 5.30 p.m. His wife was alone in the house. He found her in the kitchen. According to the prosecution, she already feared that he would divorce her and leave her impoverished. So, when he announced that he intended to divorce her, she flew into a rage, grabbed a knife and lunged at him. The knife penetrated deep into his chest and nicked his heart. He fell onto his back, spraying blood, and died within a minute.
She then phoned the Emergency Services hotline and wailed that he was dead. A police officer soon arrived at the scene. A blood-spattered Sonia Russell met him at the front door and led him into the kitchen where a blood-drenched corpse lay on its back with a carving knife beside it.
That was the prosecution case. Sonia Russell had a different version of events. My instructing solicitor, Sandy Westbrook, had obtained a witness statement from her in which she admitted that she stabbed Gilroy, but claimed she did so in self-defence. According to her, Gilroy arrived home at around 5.30 p.m. in a bad mood and found her in the kitchen. He brutally announced that he intended to divorce her. Instead of getting angry and stabbing him, as the prosecution claimed, she said she also wanted a divorce. She said their marriage was a “farce” and she would claim half his assets.
He said the prenuptial agreement she signed only gave her $400,000 and that was all she would get. She replied that it was not worth the paper it was written on.
He grabbed her throat, shoved her back against the refrigerator and yelled that he would make sure she got nothing at all. Terrified, she grabbed a carving knife from the cutlery drawer and lunged at him. She was only trying to defend herself. But, to her surprise, the knife penetrated his chest and he fell onto his back, spraying blood. She tried to staunch the flow with a dishtowel, to no avail. Then she called the Emergency Services hotline. A police car and an ambulance were dispatched. A police officer was the first to arrive.  He found her covered in blood and her husband dead on the kitchen floor.
Detectives from the Homicide Squad arrived soon afterward. They made her submit to a medical examination, as they were entitled to do. A clinical forensic physician examined her and provided a medical report that said there were no obvious scratches or bruises on her throat or anywhere else on her body.
The detectives took her to the local police station and conducted a videoed interview. A DVD of the interview was included in my brief. I pushed it into my computer. Three people, sitting around a table, jumped onto the screen. The two detectives spoke in the semi-friendly, semi-official tone detectives use to keep interviewees talking. Not surprisingly, Sonia Russell looked haggard and sounded washed-out.
When the interview began, they advised her that she had the right to remain silent and talk to a lawyer, and asked if she wished to exercise those rights. If I was in the room, at that stage, I would have screamed at her to shut up. She would get no marks for frankness and merely set her version of events in stone. Despite that, she told the detectives she had nothing to hide and was happy to answer their questions.
The version of events she gave the detectives was the same as the one in her witness statement. She described how her husband announced he was going to divorce her. After she claimed she would get a big divorce pay-out, he grabbed her throat and pinned her against the refrigerator.
A detective said: “What did you do?”
“I grabbed a knife from the cutlery drawer.”
“While you were pinned to the refrigerator?”
“Yes. I knew where the drawer was. Then, I … I …. thrust at him.”
“Why?”
“To protect myself. I thought he was going to strangle me; I wanted to get him away from me; I was desperate.”
“Did you ask him to let go of you?”
“Umm, I don't know. Maybe. It's hard to remember. I was afraid; I was trying to defend myself.”
After watching the interview twice, I flipped through about forty photographs that a police photographer took of the kitchen before the corpse was carted away. The kitchen was obviously immaculately clean, with clear benchtops, until Gilroy got stabbed and sprayed blood everywhere. 
I rose and paced around my room. Sonia Russell was charged with murder or alternatively manslaughter. To establish murder, the prosecution had to prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that she intended to kill or seriously harm her husband. If a juror had a reasonable suspicion that she acted in self-defence, he had to vote for acquittal. But that would not be the end of the story. She could only defend herself in a reasonable and proportionate manner. If the prosecution proved, beyond a reasonable doubt, that she used excessive force, she would be guilty of manslaughter.
It looked like the prosecution had a strong case against her for murder. Her husband told his solicitor that, when he got home, he would tell her that he wanted a divorce. She had already anticipated that move and investigated the enforceability of the unfavourable prenuptial agreement she signed. It was safe to assume that, when he said he wanted a divorce, she became angry and upset. It was also easy to imagine her grabbing a knife and maliciously inserted it into his chest.
It was harder to believe her story that she acted in self-defence. She claimed that, after she threatened to take him to the cleaners, he grabbed her throat and pinned her against the refrigerator, and that was why she stabbed him. But the clinical forensic physician who examined her, shortly after the stabbing, found no bruises on her throat.
Much would depend, of course, on how she performed in the witness box. Her acting skills would be given their ultimate test.
I phoned up Sandy Westbrook and said I had read the brief he sent me.
“Any questions?”
“Yeah. How much do you know about prenup agreements?”
“Quite a bit. I often advise my clients about them.”
“Good. She claims she told Gilroy that their prenup agreement was not enforceable. Was she telling the truth?”
“No. That prenup is a nasty document - very unfair. I would have advised her not to sign it. But she got independent advice and signed it anyway. It was binding.”
“You mean, if they divorced, she would have only got a smidgen of his wealth?”
“Yes.”
“So, she had good reason to be angry about their divorce?”
“Definitely.”
“And stab Gilroy?”
“Yes.”
“Then she’s in a lot of trouble. It’s easy to believe that, when he said he wanted a divorce, she went nuts and stabbed him; it's harder to believe that he grabbed her throat, particularly when it has no bruises. A lot will depend on whether the jury likes her.”
“I agree.”
I liked to know what was going on around the fringes of a case. You never know when an “irrelevant” fact will become decisive.
I said: “Does the prenup still apply, now he's dead?”
“No, it only operated while both parties were alive. When he died, the law of probate kicked in.”
“Did he leave a will?”
“Yes and no,” Sandy said with a smile in his voice.
“What do you mean?”
“I've been trying to sort out what Sonia will inherit from her husband. So, I rang his solicitor, Blackstone, a few weeks ago to find out if he left a will. Blackstone said Gilroy made one, soon after he married Sonia. It left her about 30 percent of his estate - that's about $3 million - and the rest went to relatives, friends and charities.”
“What a miserable bastard.” 
“I agree. Anyway, Gilroy executed the will in Blackstone’s office and Blackstone witnessed it. But Gilroy took the original version with him and Blackstone only kept a photocopy.”
“Is that normal?”
“Yes. Lots of clients want to keep the original will in their possession.”
“So, what happened to the original that Gilroy took with him?”
“Nobody knows. Blackstone searched Gilroy’s house for it, without success.”
I slept through most of the lectures on probate at Law School. “What’s the effect of that?”
“If the original will can’t be found, the starting position of the Court is that the deceased did not have a will. It’s assumed the will-maker destroyed or discarded it for some reason. That presumption can be rebutted, of course. But, in the present case, there is no basis for doing that.”
“So, it looks like he died intestate?”
“Yes.”
“Wow. So, she gets the lot?”
“Yes, if the Forfeiture Rule does not apply.”
“Of course. So, if she beats the murder and manslaughter charges, she will stay out of gaol and inherit about $10 million?”
“Correct-o.”
“Is there any evidence that she might have, umm, destroyed the original will herself?”
A laugh. “You have a devious mind.”
“I'm eternally suspicious.”
“I’ve seen no evidence so far - none.”
“Mmm, the prosecution certainly hasn’t suggested that, when she stabbed her husband to death, it was part of a dazzling plan to inherit his whole estate. It doesn't need to. It has a very straightforward case. It would be stupid to complicate it.”
“Unless, of course, some evidence pops up that she did destroy the will.”
“Yes. That might change things. But we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. Alright then, you’d better wheel her in for a conference. When’s convenient?”
She’s anxious to see you as soon as possible. What about some time tomorrow?”
“Three o’clock?”
“See you then.”


CHAPTER EIGHT

Just before three o’clock, the following afternoon, the floor receptionist phoned to say some clients had arrived. I wandered out and found Sandy and Sonia Russell sitting on a hefty grey-leather couch. They stood as I approached. Our client was tall and slim, with handsome features, She wore a pure white dress, probably to assert her innocence. 
Sandy introduced us. She gave me a firm and dry handshake.
I said: “Good to meet you. Please come around to my room.”
When we reached it, I sat behind my desk and they sat facing me. 
I looked at our client. “I've read through the brief that Sandy sent me, but I’ve got some questions.”
“Go ahead.” 
“How would you describe your marriage to Stephen Gilroy?”
“Well, at first, it was wonderful. He was charming, witty and famous, of course. I was proud to be married to someone at the top of my profession. But I was wrong about him. I know it’s hard to believe, because he looked so handsome and charismatic on the screen, but he suffered from insecurity and depression. He was also a miser.”
“That's why he made you sign a prenuptial agreement?”
“Yes. He insisted on that. He said his previous divorces cost him too much and he would only marry me if I signed. Looking back, I should have walked away. But I thought our marriage would last and it wouldn’t matter.”
“OK. When did your marriage start going downhill?”
“After a year or so, I guess. He got bored with me and started harping on everything I did: what I wore, how I behaved and, of course, how much I spent. He even accused me of cheating on him.”
“Did you?”
“No, he was the only one who cheated."
"How did you find out?”
“I knew some of the cast of Father Drysdale; they told me he was always chasing the female actors. His main squeeze was Anne Newbolt.”
“Umm, who’s she?”
“The female lead. She played the priest’s housekeeper. In fact, when they invented her character, they wrote mine out of the show.”
“Too bad. Did you and your husband argue much?”
“Towards the end, we screamed at each all the time. Not surprisingly, we both liked a bit of drama. We got really loud after a few drinks.”
“How often did you both drink?"
“Too often. Drinking and fighting became our main hobby."
“Did he ever get violent?”
“He shoved me a couple of times and slapped me once.”
 “Did you report that to the police?”
“No, I still hoped we'd get back on track."
"Did anyone else see him assault you?"
“No.”
“Not even your daughter?”
“No. He behaved himself when she was around. I'll give him credit for that.”
 “You could have left him?”
“Maybe I should have. But I hoped he would improve: I did love him, you know: he was tremendous fun, when in a good mood.”
“Did you ever assault him?”
She paused. “Yes, sometimes."
“What did you do?”
“Not much. I scratched him a couple of times and once threw a plate at him; it gave him a black eye.”
“Then, you got wind that he planned to divorce you?”
“Yes, he often muttered that he would divorce me if I didn't treat him better. Then, I overheard him talking to his solicitor on the phone about a divorce.”
“That was when you started researching prenuptial agreements on the internet?”
“Yes, I wanted to know if he could enforce the one I signed. I knew that, if he could, I’d only get $400,000. That was nothing. I had a 14-year-old daughter in a private school; I had expensive habits and my career was going nowhere fast. There are few good acting roles for women in their thirties, and none for them in their forties.”
“What did your internet research tell you?”
“It looked like the agreement was binding and I would get screwed.”
“That’s not what you told your husband in the kitchen?”
“I know. But I wanted to needle him.”
If that was true, she succeeded brilliantly. “OK, so let's talk about the evening of the stabbing. I've read your witness statement and watched the police record of interview; now, tell me what happened in your own words.”
She gulped and squeezed her hands together. “OK, though I'm tired of talking about it.” 
“I'm not surprised. But you’ve got no choice, I'm afraid. Your husband arrived home at about 5.30 p.m, correct?”
“Yes.” 
“You were alone in the terrace?” 
“Yes.” 
“Where was your daughter?”
“She was staying with her father, my ex-husband, that week. He had parental access every second week. We alternated.”
“Did you daughter mind that?”
“Not at all. She got on well with her father and hated my husband. She also found the tension in our house pretty unbearable and loved escaping it.”
I turned to Sandy. “Have you spoken to her?”
“Yes.”
“Can she help us?”
“Not really. She didn't like her step-father, but did not see him act violently towards her mother.” 
I leaned forward. “Now, tell me what happened in the kitchen.”
She perched on the front of her chair, enjoying the attention. Haltingly, then with greater fluency, she recounted how Stephen Gilroy walked into the kitchen of their Paddington terrace and abruptly announced that he intended to divorce her. Instead of getting angry and stabbing him, as the prosecution alleged, she said she was happy to get divorced. Their marriage was a “farce” and she wanted half his assets.
She continued. “He said the prenuptial agreement only gave me $400,000, and that was all I would get. I replied that it was not worth the paper it was written on and I would get a lot more than that. That really set him off. He grabbed my throat and pushed me back against the fridge, and screamed that he would make sure I got nothing at all. That was when I grabbed the carving knife and stabbed him.”
“You pulled it out of the cutlery drawer?”
“Yes, I knew the drawer was beside me. I reached into it and felt for a knife handle.”
“OK. Then you stabbed him?”
“Yes. I was terrified. I thought he was going to strangle me and I tried to defend myself. But the knife hit his heart and he screamed and fell onto his back with blood spraying everywhere.” She choked up. “I … I … I … pulled out the knife and tried to stop the bleeding with a dishtowel, but that didn't work. He had this look of incredible surprise on his face. Blood came out of his mouth and he tried to say something. Then he stopped breathing.” She shuddered and sobbed. If this was a performance, it was a great one. I hoped she repeated it in front of the jury. “I … I … I … knew he was dead. I called the Emergency Services hotline and a couple of policemen turned up.” 
I said: “The prosecution claims that, when he said he intended to divorce you, you got angry and stabbed him straight away?”
A fierce shake of the head. “Totally untrue. I taunted him. Then, he grabbed my throat and I had to defend myself.” 
“The police physician who examined you soon afterward found no bruises on your throat or anywhere else for that matter?”
A shrug. “He pinned me against the fridge and I had trouble breathing. He didn’t choke me. But I was terrified he would. I mean, he was a lot bigger than me and his face was red with anger. So, I pulled the knife out of the cutlery drawer and used it to defend myself.” 
I leaned forward. “OK. Now, do you understand the charges against you?”
“I think so. Sandy has explained them to me.”
“Good.”
She gulped. “So, what are my chances?”
“I'm not a bookmaker. I don't give odds. However, I can say that the prosecution case is very plausible. It is easy to believe that, when your husband said he wanted a divorce, you became furious, particularly when you knew a prenuptial agreement would cap your divorce payout at $400,000. To express that anger, you picked up a knife and stabbed him.” 
“That didn't happen. He pinned me against the refrigerator. I was terrified.”
“I accept that. However, unfortunately, there are no signs of bruising on your throat and he was unarmed at the time.”
“Like I said, he didn't choke me, but I was afraid he would.” She frowned. “You think I’ll be convicted?”
“I don't know what a jury will do. You should take comfort from that. Sometimes I am sure a client will lose. Here, I don't know what will happen. The Crown has a strong case, but much will depend on how well you perform in the witness box.”
“I’ll have to give evidence?”
“Of course, I can’t argue self-defence if you don't. Then, a lot will depend on whether the jurors like you or not. If they do, they may give you a free pass. If they don’t, they’ll convict you of murder or manslaughter.”
A nervous smile. "OK. If I'm convicted, how long will I spend in gaol?”
“For murder, somewhere between 15 and 20 years; for manslaughter, somewhere between 5 and 10. That's why, if the prosecution is prepared to drop the murder charge in return for you pleading guilty to manslaughter, you should seriously consider doing that. If you do, you'll probably only spend three or four years inside. Sandy can float the idea with the prosecution if you want.”
Her face sagged. “I can't go to prison. I have to stay out and look after my daughter.” Her mouth went firm. “No, I won't plead guilty: I did nothing wrong.”
If I pressed her any harder to make a deal, she would lose faith in me. “I understand. I'm just canvassing the options; that's all.”
“I understand.”
Sandy gave me a restless look. “Is that all?"
I considered asking her about the original will of her husband that went missing. But there was no point. The will wasn't relevant, yet, and I did not want to spook her. I shook my head. “Yes, that's all for the moment.”
 We all stood and I shook her hand. “We’ll meet again.”
Sandy escorted her out to the lifts and came back to my room. “What do you think?”
I said: “I think the prosecution has a strong case. But at least our client should impress the jury. Few of my clients do that.”
He laughed. “Very true. However, I'm worried that she killed the wrong man.”
“What do you mean?”
“Stephen Gilroy had a lot of die-hard fans. In fact, my wife was one of them. She loved Father Drysdale: watched every single episode for eight seasons; she says that Gilroy was a kind and gentle man who would never lay a finger on his wife; she'll do hand-stands if Sonia is convicted. I hope nobody on the jury is like her."
We could not prevent that happening. In the United States, trial lawyers could interrogate jurors. That did not happen in Australia. We were allowed a few peremptory challenges on the morning of the trial and that was all.
I said: “There's nothing we can do about that.”
“I know.” 
As I showed him out to the lift, I said: “I hope your wife gets over the death of Stephen Gilroy.”
“It will be a long, slow process, believe me. I wish she loved me that much."






CHAPTER NINE

I spent the next two weeks reading and re-reading my brief, scribbling out cross-examination notes, preparing jury addresses and refining legal submissions. The trial was due to start on a Monday morning. On the Friday evening beforehand, the sight of the brief made me sick and my brain had filled with viscous fluid. It seemed to be losing rather than storing information. I should switch it off until the trial began.
I leaned back in my chair and stared out the window at the unchanging ugliness of the Supreme Court Building. Someone shuffled into my room. I swiveled and saw Bert Tolsen of Queens Counsel. Now in his mid-seventies, he had a face like a dropped pie and a round waist. As usual, he wore bright suspenders holding up pinstripe trousers.
Bert was a semi-legend at the Bar. During his golden period, which lasted for more than 30 years, he was the prosecutor or defence counsel in most of the big criminal trials. He talked to jurors like an old and trusted friend, and cross-examined with a well-judged mixture of brutality and grace. His stare made the lies of witnesses stick in their throats.
However, about five years ago, he realised that he had lost his lust for battle and was coasting through trials. That was unacceptable. He told me: “You have to know your brief inside out. Otherwise, you're an actor, not a barrister.”
I said: “Then, there are lots of actors around.”
“True, but I did not intend to become one.”
Now, he only made rare cameo appearances in court. But he still turned up to chambers every day to advise clients and dole out priceless tips on advocacy to junior barristers like me. 
He said: “Evening, I hear you’ve got a date with murder on Monday morning?”
“That’s right. The Russell trial.”
“That’s big-time. How many murder trials have you done so far?”
“This will be my second.”
“Is this one easier?”
“Not much. For some reason, they’re a lot more stressful than other trials.”
“I know what you mean. But at least we don’t have capital punishment anymore. When I started at the Bar, back when the law was printed in books, there were still barristers around who lost clients to the rope. The great Frank Grigg once told me that he sometimes appeared in back-to-back murder trials and threw up every morning before court.”
I shuddered. “I’m not surprised. How did they cope?”
“They drank - a lot.” A shrug. “So, good luck. Try to get a good night’s sleep and pace yourself. Make sure you've still got something in the tank when you make your final address.”
He turned and disappeared out the door. It was good advice that I would try to follow.
I had agreed to meet Patricia Ransome at 7.30 p.m., at her apartment. We planned to eat in a nearby restaurant. I glanced at my watch. Almost 7.00 p.m. I spent 15 minutes tidying up my room and caught a taxi to the small red-brick apartment block in Woollahra where she lived. It stopped 20 metres from the entrance. I jumped out, looking forward to seeing Patricia. She was still keeping me at arm’s length. But I needed a distraction from the on-rushing murder trial. This would be my last chance to see her before I entered that long tunnel.
I had almost reached the entrance when a tall, blond man in a cashmere overcoat emerged and turned in my direction. I immediately recognised him: Murray Maher of Senior Counsel. What the hell was he doing inside the apartment block? Patricia had mentioned that she often briefed him and I wondered if they were having a relationship. Was my suspicion now confirmed?
We exchanged surprised looks and slowed to a halt.
He said: “Hello, Brad, what are you doing around here?”
I was instinctively coy. “Oh, out for a walk. And you?”
“Same, same.” He glanced at his watch. “Must keep moving.”
He stepped past me and I tried to collect my thoughts. He had obviously just left Patricia's apartment. I desperately hoped they were conferring about a case, but knew that was a stupid idea. They must be having a relationship. That was why she was so cool towards me. 
I was tempted to turn around and go home. I had caused Patricia a lot of grief in the past and she had now caused me some. I should stop bashing my head against a wall and get on with my life.
However, I was reluctant to take such an irrevocable step on the spur of the moment. I promised to have dinner with her and might as well go through with that. I would decide later what to do about our relationship.
I nervously punched her apartment number into the intercom and told her that I had arrived.
A bright voice. “I’ll buzz you up.”
The glass front door clicked open and I climbed a couple of flights of stairs to her apartment. She opened her front door wearing a broad smile and a plain black dress. My stomach turned hollow. I considered mentioning that I saw Murray Maher below and lost my courage. She would either lie about their relationship, which would be unpleasant, or tell the truth, which would be worse. 
She gave me a solid kiss. “Hello, ready for dinner?”
“Of course.”
“Good. There’s a new Indian around the corner. I’ve heard good things. We can try it.”
I contrived a smile. “Sounds good.”
She led me downstairs and out of the building. As we walked along the pavement, she said: “You must be excited about the Russell trial.”
“Terrified, is a better description.”
She laughed. “I'm not surprised.”
We reached a small Indian restaurant, packed with boisterous patrons, and snared the last vacant table. After ordering food, we gossiped about friends and colleagues, and discussed movies we had seen. After a couple of beers, I started to forget Murray Maher and relax. I eventually paid for the dinner and we walked back to her apartment block.
At the entrance, she smiled: “Do you want to come up?”
Murray Maher barged back into my mind. “No, not tonight.”
She looked surprised. “Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
A concerned look. “Are you OK?”
“Yes, why do you ask?”
“You’ve seemed a bit, well, distracted, this evening.”
I shrugged. “I guess, I’m a bit wound up about the trial.”
A shrug. “Fair enough. Good luck. I’ll see you when it’s over.”
“OK.”
We kissed and I was about to leave when something snapped inside. I couldn’t just slip away and not mention seeing Maher. Our relationship - if you could call it that - was a waste of time. I should bin it and move on. Time to bell the cat.
My mouth went dry. “Umm, I saw Murray Maher come out of your apartment block this evening.”
She looked shocked. “You did?”
“Yes.”
A long pause and a sigh. “I was worried you might have.”
“You’re seeing him, aren’t you? You two are an item?”
She bit her lip and looked sad. “Yes, we’re seeing each other. I’m sorry, I should have told you about him, but I didn't know how.”
 “How long have you been seeing him?”
“I first started seeing him about four years ago, soon after you ran away. We broke up about a year ago. Then, I started seeing you again. But he reappeared and said he wanted another chance. Now, it’s a mess.”
“Is it serious with him?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“Even though you broke up before?”
“Yes.”
“Are you going to keep seeing him?”
She hesitated. “Yes, I … I … have to.”
I almost winced. It would be nice if she was to blame for this mess. But I didn’t have that consolation. I sabotaged our relationship many years ago. This was just the reckoning. “That’s OK. It’s my fault. I had my chance and screwed up. It’s time for me to move on.”
Half of me hoped she would beg me to stay and the other half wanted to be cut free of this tangle. 
After another long pause, she whispered. “I understand. I’m sorry, I really am.”
At least, I had finality. I shrugged. “That’s OK. I’m the one who should be sorry. I wish you the best.”
On that note, I spun around and headed along the pavement. I vowed to not look back and didn’t. 




CHAPTER TEN

I spent the rest of Friday night feeling depressed about the end of my relationship with Patricia, while consoling myself that now, at least, I had clarity in my life. I was tired of the wall she built between us and had feared I had a competitor. Now, I knew the awful truth and could head off in a fresh direction. That would be good for me, in the long term. I just had to endure the short term.
Fortunately, an approaching murder trial concentrates the mind like cancer. One's private life and personal problems fall away. The next morning, R v Russell started to haunt my thoughts. Was I ready for it? Did I overlook something important? Should I insist my client plead guilty? Patricia receded into the background and then disappeared.
On Saturday night, I went with some friends to Homebush Stadium to watch the Wallabies play the All Blacks in a rugby test. Normally, I would have focused intensely on the game. However, I kept hearing the steady tread of the approaching trial. I ran my mind back and forward over the evidence, wondering if I had missed something vital. I was still doing that when the Wallabies scored a late try to win a famous victory against the odds. I hardly noticed.
On Sunday, I went for a four-hour bicycle ride around the Eastern Suburbs, hoping that would calm my nerves. To my surprise, it did and I slept quite well that night. When I woke, the next morning, the forthcoming trial was all I thought about.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

At 9 a.m., I was pacing around my room, mumbling my opening address to the jury, when the receptionist phoned and said that Sandy Westbrook and my client had arrived. I told her to send them around.
Ten seconds later, Sandy led Sonia Russell through the door. A second woman, with a strong family resemblance to Sonia, though a little older and stouter, trailed behind them. They all wore sober clothes and dour expressions.
I exchanged greetings with Sandy and Sonia, who at least look resilient. That was good. I hated having to prop up a client who was falling apart.
She nodded towards the other woman. “This is my sister, Grace Stokes. She's supported me throughout this ordeal and will stick with me during the trial. “
We exchanged greetings. I sensed that Grace Stokes had a natural warmth and humour that would blossom on any other occasion.
I glanced at my watch. “Alright, the trial starts at 10 a.m, in the Darlinghurst Courthouse. We're not allowed to be late. Let’s get going.”
I hefted my bar bag over my shoulder and led everyone downstairs, where I waved down a taxi. It skirted around Hyde Park and zoomed up Oxford Street, past grubby shops and nightclubs still asleep, to the Darlinghurst Courthouse on top of the rise. It was an imposing colonial sandstone structure, with a Greek Revival façade, that housed three antique courtrooms. A century ago, the barristers who appeared in them pleaded like actors for the lives of their clients. Melodrama and pathos were their stock-in-trade. If they gave a bad performance, their clients danced on the air. That age had passed. Advocacy was now cooler and more detached, and the stakes lower.
The taxi pulled up outside the courthouse and we clambered out. As we strode across the forecourt towards the building, five cameramen ambushed us. They orbited around, jostling for better angles, until we entered the Doric-columned portico.
We passed through a small foyer into Courtroom 2. It had oak panelling and a long judge's bench with an ornate canopy. A couple of dozen spectators sat in the public gallery.
The Director of Public Prosecutions usually assigned one of his best prosecutors to high-profile trials like this one. So, I wasn't surprised to see Jane Tomasic, sitting in her robes at the bar table, scribbling on a pad. She was the prosecutor in my only other murder trial. Though I bested her, she won my respect. She was attractive, charming and bright. The Bar Association recently awarded her silk. That honour was rarely bestowed on the worthy. She was an exception.
While Sandy seated our client and her sister in the front row of the public gallery, I approached Jane and tried to sound like we weren’t about to start a murder trial. “Hello, Jane. Congratulations on taking silk.”
A broad smile. I once invited her out to dinner, only to be told she was happily married to another woman. That did not wholly extinguish my ardour. “Hello, Brad. Thanks. You're appearing for the defendant?”
A smiled. “Of course.”
“No leader?”
“No, just me.”
She looked a touch surprised. “Good, then I’ll have a chance for revenge.”
“For what?”
“The last time we appeared against each other.”
That loss obviously still rankled. “I’m afraid you’re going to be disappointed, again.”
“Really? Your client stabbed an unarmed man to death. The best she can hope for is a manslaughter conviction.”
“I think the jury will love my girl. But let’s wait and see.”
I opened my bar bag and started placing folders on the bar table. Behind me, the public gallery kept filling up with murder trial groupies. About a dozen journalists had filtered into the press box and sat with pens poised, ready to ship news about the trial out to an entranced nation.
Just after ten o'clock, the Court Officer called for everyone to rise and the roly-poly figure of Justice Brian Taylor rolled onto the bench and sat in his chair. He wore the traditional scarlet robe of a criminal judge and a sorrowful wig that sat askew. His jolly and informal manner hid a diamond-bright mind and a sense of fairness. He was definitely one of the better judges on the Supreme Court bench. Justice Robert Benson would have to die and be born again to become half as good.
After Jane Tomasic and I had announced our appearances, the Judge asked if the defendant was in the courtroom. I said that she was.
“Please ask her to step forward.”
I nodded to Sonia Russell, who stepped into the well of the court.
The Judge’s Associate reads aloud the charge of murder and asked: “How do you plead, guilty or not guilty?”
She spoke firmly. “Not Guilty.”
The Associate read out the manslaughter charge and asked the same question, and got the same answer.
A large jury panel was brought into the court and seated in the public gallery. A ballot was conducted and the twelve “winners” stepped into the jury box. The prosecution and defence had three peremptory challenges each. I wanted to know if any were big Stephen Gilroy fans, but I was not allowed to cross-examine them. 
The latest theory floating around the criminal bar was that male jurors were more sympathetic to women in trouble than female ones. On that basis, I used my three peremptory challenges to exclude three women. Jane Tomasic made no challenges, and eight men and four women swore the juror's oath.
The Judge gave a short speech to the jurors about their role and the main ingredients of the charges against the defendant. Then he turned to me. “Mr Norton, please ask your client to sit in the dock.”
I looked at Sonia Russell. She stepped into the mahogany dock and sat nervously on a red-leather cushion. 
The Judge turned to Jane Tomasic. “Madam Crown, are you ready to open?” 
She stood.” Yes, your Honour.”
“Please proceed.”
She turned towards the jury and explained her role, and the main elements of the murder and manslaughter charges. “It is not disputed that the defendant stabbed her husband to death in the kitchen of their house on 11 June last year. The big question is whether she intended to kill or seriously harm him. If she did, she is guilty of murder. The prosecution will lead evidence which shows that she harboured that intention."
Jane summarised Stephen Gilroy’s illustrious acting career and explained that he married the defendant, a fellow actor, four years ago. “You will hear evidence that they often fought and she sometimes scratched him or threw objects at him. Their marriage became so toxic that, on the day of his death, he visited his solicitor to discuss divorcing her. He told the solicitor that he intended to inform the defendant, when he got home, that he planned to divorce her. He then went home, found her in the kitchen, and told her just that.
“That news did not come as a great surprise to her. We know, from a police examination of her home computer, that she had spent the previous few days searching the internet for information about the effect of a prenuptial agreement that she signed. That agreement meant she would have only received about $400,000 of assets worth about $10 million.
“There is an irresistible inference that, when her husband told her that he wanted a divorce, she became incredibly angry. She was angry that he was leaving her and angry that she would get so little from the divorce. She exploded with rage, grabbed a large carving knife and stabbed him in the chest. The thrust nicked his heart and killed him almost instantly.”
Jane put a hand on the portable podium. “The defendant's version of events is very different. She claims that she acted in self-defence; she claims that, when her husband arrived home, he entered the kitchen and said he intended to divorce her. They had an argument during which he put his hand around her throat and pinned her against a refrigerator. She claims that she pulled a knife out of a cutlery drawer and stabbed him to protect herself.
“The prosecution will ask you to disbelieve that claim. It is self-serving and conflicts with several important facts. One fact is that Stephen Gilroy was unarmed when stabbed; another is that a doctor who examined the defendant, soon after the stabbing, found no bruises on her throat. That strongly suggests that Stephen Gilroy did not grab her throat, as she claims. There is also no evidence that he previously acted violently towards the defendant.”
I glanced over at the press box and saw that the reporters were scribbling furiously. The Crown Prosecutor was almost writing their stories for them.
The Prosecutor continued. “However, the prosecution concedes that, if you decide there is a reasonable possibility that the defendant stabbed her husband in self-defence, you must acquit her of murder. But that would not be the end of the story. She was only entitled to defend herself in a reasonable and proportionate manner. If you believe, beyond a reasonable doubt, that she defended herself in an excessive manner, you must convict her of manslaughter. The prosecution says that she is, at the least, guilty of that. 
“Now, let me describe the evidence the prosecution intends to lead.” 
Jane Tomasic heaved a heavy folder onto the small podium and spent almost two hours summarising the evidence of the main prosecution witnesses and how it would support the prosecution's case. I had read their witness statements many times and soon grew bored. Indeed, I reflected on how quickly a trial could shift from high-stress to mind-numbing. A couple of times my mind drifted. When I refocused, I felt the familiar clammy fear that a deadly piece of evidence had escaped my notice.
Jane Tomasic finally sat down and I rose to address the jury. After explaining that I represented Sonia Russell, I said that she admitted stabbing her husband to death in the kitchen of their home. However, she acted in self-defence. “Sonia Russell won't be hiding in this trial. She intends to walk across this courtroom and step into that witness box over there …” I pointed dramatically at the relevant item of furniture “… and tell you what happened in the kitchen on 11 June. She will explain how her husband entered it around 5.30 p.m. and said he wanted a divorce. However, she did not, as the prosecution claims, get angry and grab a knife. She instead replied that she was happy to divorce him, because their marriage was now a farce and she would sue him in the Family Court for half his assets. He said the prenuptial agreement she signed only gave her $400,000 and that was all she would get. She replied that it was not worth the paper it was written on.
“That last threat obviously stung. He grabbed her throat, pushed her back against the refrigerator and screamed that he would make sure she got nothing at all. He was a large man and she was a small woman. She feared he was going to strangle her. She pulled a knife out of the cutlery drawer and struck out to defend herself. She just wanted to make him back off. However, the knife slid just under his sternum and nicked his heart. That, unfortunately, was enough to kill him.”
I tried to look defiant. “Finally, I emphasise that the prosecution had the burden of proof at all times. The defendant does not have to prove that she acted in self-defence or that she did so in a reasonable and proportionate manner. The prosecution must satisfy you beyond a reasonable doubt that she did neither. Otherwise, you must acquit on both charges. Further, when judging her actions, you must keep in mind that she acted in the heat of the moment. She did not have the luxury of hindsight. She did not have a chance to carefully weight her actions. She was frightened; she faced an immediate danger. You should not judge her behaviour with the advantage of hindsight.”
I sat down and Jane Tomasic started calling witnesses. The first was an actor who appeared in all eight seasons of Father Drysdale, until the death of Stephen Gilroy brought the show to an abrupt halt. Bill Brown played the pompous local squire. His television character had a stout frame, bald head and mutton-chop whiskers. In the witness box, he looked much the same. After taking the witness's oath, he glanced around, obviously pleased to appear in such a popular and meticulously staged production. 
Jane Tomasic asked him to state his name and occupation.
“William Brown; I’m an actor.”
“How long have you engaged in that profession?”
“Since I was 18. I’ve never had a real job.” Brown soaked up the laughs that rolled around the courtroom. That encouraged a further sally. "This isn't the first time I've been involved in a trial, you know.  I appeared on the stage in Twelve Angry Men. I was probably the angriest of the lot. The show was a big hit - ran for six months." 
The Crown Prosecutor's frown said her witness had gone rogue and she did not like it. "Really?" 
"Yes."
A smile creased Brian Taylor’s merry features. "Well, try to remember that this is a courtroom, not a theatre." 
"Of course, Milord." 
The Judge looked stern. Only he made jokes in his courtroom. "You should address me as 'your Honour'. This isn't Gilbert & Sullivan."
"Yes, Mil … your Honour."
The Prosecutor said: “How well did you know Stephen Gilroy?”
“Quite well. We were drama students together. So we knew each other off and on for about 30 years. But we only really got close when we started working together on Father Drysdale. It ran for eight seasons.”
“Did you talk to him about his wife?”
“Sonia? Yes, he often brought her up.”
“What did he say about her?”
“At first, of course, he was happy with her. Then he complained that she didn't love him; spent too much money; was probably cheating on him - that sort of thing. He said they had blazing arguments.”
“Did he mention any physical violence?”
He said that she sometimes scratched him or threw objects at his head; he said that was how he got his black eye.”
“What black eye?”
“He turned up to the set, one day, with a black eye. He said she threw a plate at him. It took the make-up artist a long time to cover it up.”
“Did he mention retaliating?”
“No, he claimed it was unfair that men could not strike back.”
“Did you talked to him on the day he died?”
“Yes.”
“What about?”
“Oh, he complained about Sonia, as usual. Said she was unloving, greedy - stuff like that. He really was a total bore on the topic. Then he said he'd had enough: he was going to tell her, that evening, that he wanted a divorce.”
“What did you say?”
“I said that was a matter for him, of course. I didn't want to interfere." A smile. "I also had some lines to learn for the next scene.”
“Thank you.”
The Prosecutor sat down and the Judge asked if I had any questions.
I stood and looked at the witness. “You say that you knew Stephen Gilroy for thirty years?”
“Yes.”
“During that time, he chased a lot of women?”
A crinkly smile. “Definitely. He was a leading man, and he acted like a leading man.”
“Even when married?”
“Marriage did not inhibit him.”
“He was married a number of times, wasn’t he?”
“Yes, Sonia was his third wife.”
“And you spoke to him about his previous divorces?”
“They sometimes came up.”
I took a punt. “He was unhappy about how much they cost him?”
A rubicund smile. “Oh, yes, that really irritated him. That’s why he made Sonia sign a prenup. He said he would not let that happen again.”
“He was very tight with his money, wasn’t he?”
A smile. “Notoriously so. When we were drinking together in a pub, he always seemed to disappear before it was his turn to buy a round."
“He told you that he had blazing arguments with his wife?”
“Yes.”
“Some were about money?”
“Yes, he thought she spent too much.”
“And he complained to you that his wife scratched him?”
“Yes, a few times.”
“You did not see the scratches?”
“No, he just mentioned them.”
“He also claimed that she threw a plate at him?”
“Yes, with a good aim.”
“And that was the extent of her savagery?”
A grin. “That's all he complained about.”
“No mention of knives?”
“Of course not.”
“Thank you.” I looked at the Judge. “No further questions, your Honour.”
The witness looked askance that his time in the limelight had drawn to a close. “Is that all?”
The Judge smiled. “I’m afraid so. You are free to go. You can leave the courtroom, or stay and watch the proceedings if you wish.”
The actor looked unsettled and I sensed we were about to get a rousing closing speech. "Umm, I know it doesn't have anything to do with this trial, and who's right and wrong, but can I just say, for the record, that Stephen Gilroy was one of the finest actors that this country has ever produced. He was a natural in almost every role he played. He should have had a big career in Hollywood. I don't understand why he didn’t."
The Judge did deadpan well. "Thank you, Mr Brown.  But I'm afraid we're not here to record testimonials." 
"I understand that your Honour. I just wanted to get that off my chest. I'll go now."
The actor sighed and exited stage right.
The Prosecutor wanted the evidence of what transpired on the day of the murder to come out in chronological order. So, she called the solicitor with whom Gilroy conferred shortly before he died. Many of the solicitors who briefed me looked like they should be in gaol. Simon Blackstone belonged to another species. In his mid-fifties, he had carefully curated grey hair and handsome features that probably allowed him to charge a couple of hundred dollars an hour extra.
After he swore the required oath, Jane Tomasic elicited his name and occupation. Then she asked how long he had been a solicitor.
 “Oh, about thirty years.”
“How long were you Stephen Gilroy’s solicitor?”
“I did his legal work for about twenty years.”
What did that entail?”
“Oh, I advised on contracts, helped him buy and sell properties, assisted him with his divorces, and so forth.”
“He married his last wife, Sonia Russell, about four years ago, didn’t he?”
“Yes.”
“They signed a prenuptial agreement before that?”
“Yes, I drafted it. But I did not represent her. She had her own legal representation.”
“You met with Stephen Gilroy on the afternoon of 11 June last year?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
He phoned and said that he wanted to divorce his wife, Sonia, and wanted to discuss that.”
“He attended your office in Double Bay?”
“Yes, at about four o'clock.”
“What happened when he arrived?”
Blackstone said Stephen Gilroy asked how much he would have to pay his wife if he got divorced. The solicitor explained that the prenuptial agreement that his wife signed meant she would only get about $400,000 of his total wealth.
“What was his total wealth?”
“He brought a list of his assets with him. We went through it and calculated that he was worth about $10 million.”
“How did he react to the news his wife would only get $400,000?”
“He was pleased, of course.”
“Did you ask him why he wanted to get divorced?”
“Yes, he said that Sonia was a ‘nasty bitch’ and he wanted ‘out’. I didn’t ask for any details. I am not a marriage counsellor. He said that, when he got home, he was going to inform Sonia that he planned to divorce her. He said: ‘She'll probably kill me.’”
I surreptitiously glanced at the jurors. Several of them flinched.
The Crown Prosecutor said: “How did you respond?”
“I said: ‘Surely not’, and he said: ‘You don’t know her’.”
“Did you think he was serious?”
“No, I thought he was joking, at the time.”
Having detonated that mine under that defence case, the Prosecutor told the Judge that she had finished her examination-in-chief.
The Judge invited me to cross-examine. I stood and immediately tried to draw the sting of that last remark. “When Stephen Gilroy said that his wife would probably kill him when he announced he wanted a divorce, he was joking, correct?”
“That’s what I thought at the time.”
“And you still think that?”
“Umm, I guess so.”
“Because, if he wasn’t joking, you would have warned him to not go home?”
“I suppose so.”
“And you would have told him to be careful?”
“Yes.”
“But you didn’t?”
“No.”
“You didn't because you held no fears for his safety?”
Blackstone would never admit that he feared for the safety of his client and did nothing. “That is correct.”
“You agree that, when you spoke to Stephen Gilroy in your office, he was angry with his wife?”
“Yes.”
“Very angry?”
“Yes.”
“And he was keen to ensure that she received as little of his money as possible from the divorce?”
“That was my impression.”
“He did not talk about giving her a fair share?”
A faint smile. “No, he did not.”
I told the Judge I had no further questions and sat down. He glanced at the wall clock, which had just ticked past 4 p.m. “I see it's time to adjourn.” He turned to the jurors and asked them to return before 10 o'clock the next morning. “Please don't discuss this trial with anyone or do your own research on the internet. I know it's very tempting to do that. But you must resist the urge. I now adjourn.”
The Judge rose and left the courtroom with his retinue. I took off my court attire and tossed it onto my chair, where I could safely leave it overnight. I told Sonia Russell and Sandy that nothing of interest had happened during the day, and they wandered off.
The distance from the courthouse to my chambers was a couple of kilometres. I decided to walk it. It was a glorious day outside. A couple of cotton-ball clouds crawled across a tall blue sky. I soon realised I was far more relaxed than when the trial started. I was getting into its rhythm. Soon, I would be travelling downhill.
I disliked watching television news coverage of trials in which I was appearing. The reports were often so lop-sided and inaccurate that I wondered if they were about a different trial. That evening, though, I forced myself to watch a couple of news programs. The trial was the lead item of both. As I expected, the news presenters focused on the opening address of the Crown Prosecutor. My contention that Sonia Russell acted in self-defence was barely mentioned. The programs also screened footage of me and Sonia Russell walking into the courthouse.
After a whole day trying to process a blizzard of information, my brain cried “enough”. I resisted the temptation to have a drink and went to bed. Sleep soon tumbled from the ceiling and knocked me out cold.



CHAPTER TWELVE

When the trial resumed, the next morning, Jane Tomasic played a recording of the call Sonia Russell made to an Emergency Services operator soon after the stabbing. 
Sonia Russell's screeching tone filled the courtroom. “My husband is dead, he's dead.”
A deadpan response. “What happened?”
“He’s been stabbed.”
“Are you sure he’s dead?”
“He must be: there’s blood everywhere.”
“Alright, please provide your address.”
A quavering voice recited that information.
The Emergency Services operator said that an ambulance and a police car would soon be there.
The call triggered a thought, deep in my mind, that I could not drag to the surface for examination. I had no time. The trial moved forward restlessly, spitting out new facts that I had to digest.
The Crown Prosecutor called the first police officer to arrive at the scene. Senior Constable Brian Townsend had the easy-going and gentle demeanour of someone who had not been a cop for long. He explained that he was driving around Paddington in a patrol car when a computer message on his COPS system directed him to a nearby house.
“What time was that?”
“5.45 p.m.”
“What happened when you arrived at the house?”
He described how he knocked on the front door of the terrace and Sonia Russell opened it
“How did she appear?”
“Totally shaken. Her face and hands, and clothes, were covered in blood.”
“Did you have a conversation?”
“A brief one. I said: ‘I understand a man has been stabbed.’ She said ‘Yes’ and led me into the kitchen.”
“What did you see in the kitchen?”
“A body on the floor and blood everywhere.”
“What did you do?”
The policeman took a few deep breaths and wore a haunted expression. “I, umm, approached the body - it wasn’t easy because of the blood - and felt for a pulse. I couldn’t find one.”
“Did you talk to Sonia Russell?”
“Yes, I looked up at her and said: ‘He’s dead.’”
“How did she respond?”
“She looked very upset, as you can imagine.”
“What did she say?”
“Can I refer to my notebook?”
“Of course.”
The police officer opened his notebook and started reading. “She said: ‘I didn't mean it; I didn't mean it; he attacked me; I was trying to defend myself.’”
“That’s all she said?”
“Yes. Then the ambo guys turned up and quickly confirmed that the victim was dead. I notified the local station that it was a homicide and created a crime scene.”
The next witness was the pathologist who examined the corpse. Professor Marilyn Ho was an attractive Chinese woman in her early forties, wearing a shimmering blue satin dress. She looked like a socialite rather than a cadaver carver, though I suppose you can be both. She explained, in a smoky voice, that she examined the body of the deceased at the city morgue about 20 hours after he died.
“There was only one knife wound?”
“Yes, he was very unlucky.”
The Prosecutor said: “How?”
“The knife went just under the sternum and nicked his heart. If it went anywhere else, he would still be alive.”
“What was the cause of death?”
“Chronic exsanguination.”
“You mean, he bled to death?”
The pathologist frowned at the crude language. “Yes.”
“How long did that take?”
“Not long. Maybe a minute. The heart would have immediately stopped pumping blood to the brain; then, the victim would have quickly lost consciousness and suffered brain death.”
The Prosecutor sat down and Justice Brian Taylor invited me to cross-examine.
I rose and looked at the witness. “Professor Ho, you only found one knife wound, correct?”
“That’s right.”
“In other words, there was no frenzied attack on the victim?”
“Of course not.”
“And, the knife did not penetrate far?” 
A shrug. “About 10 centimetres. Deep enough to kill, but not particularly deep.”
“You mean it was not thrust with much force?”
“A reasonable amount, I would say. I’ve seen a lot - and I mean, a lot - worse.”
“So, you saw no evidence the stabber was angry when she lunged at the deceased?”
Jane Tomasic reared to her feet and objected, as I expected she would.
The Judge didn’t even ask for her grounds of objection. He just looked at me, slightly bemused. “Mr Norton, I really don’t think this witness is qualified to crawl into the mind of your client and make that assessment.”
“Your Honour …”
“I uphold the objection.”
His ruling did not concern me. I had made my point to the jurors who, I hoped, would think I was unfairly muzzled. I nodded. “As your Honour pleases. I have no more questions for this witness.”
The next witness was the police clinical forensic physician who was summoned to the Gilroy house, soon after the stabbing, to examine Sonia Russell. Doctor Gregory Dawson was in his mid-thirties with dark eyes and a hang-dog expression. I was not surprised. One of his principal chores was to examine and collect evidence from rape victims.
After he swore the witness’s oath, Jane Tomasic extracted his name and occupation.
She said: “You examined the defendant at the Gilroy house, about an hour after she stabbed her husband?”
“Yes.” 
“How would you describe her condition?”
He said that she was in shock and covered in “foreign blood”, but in good physical shape.
“Any bruising?”
“I did not observe any.”
“What about around the neck?”
“I did not see any.”
“Did you look?”
“I examined her whole body.”
The Prosecutor told the Judge that she had finished her examination in chief and sat down.
The Judge looked at me. “Mr Norton?”
I rose to my feet and turned towards the witness. “Doctor, do you say that you saw no signs of bruising on the neck of Sonia Russell?”
“I do.”
“You did not look at that area specifically?”
“I examined her whole body.”
“But you could have easily missed some bruising around the neck?”
“I don’t believe I did.”
“But you could have?”
“I don’t think I would have missed a large bruise, but I could have missed a small one, I suppose.”
I had not cross-examined the doctor before and had not known what to expect. But I may have struck that exotic creature: an honest prosecution expert. It was important not to get greedy and make him defensive. “You examined Sonia Russell about an hour after she stabbed her husband?”
“Yes.”
“Bruising is a very poor indicator of whether an injury has been suffered, isn’t it?”
“It is an indicator, though a crude one.”
Well said. “By that, you mean, that it is possible to have a bad injury and little or no bruising?”
“That is possible.”
“Further, it can often take a day or two for bruising to show up?”
“It can take quite a long period for it to appear. Bruises are caused by bleeding under the skin. If the injury is deep, it may take longer for the blood to rise to the surface.”
“So, the fact that you saw no bruising on the neck when you examined Sonia Russell, an hour after the stabbing, does not prove she suffered no injuries to the neck, does it?”
“It is certainly not conclusive.”
Good man. “So, if someone tightly gripped Sonia Russell’s neck, an hour before you examined her, you might have seen no physical signs of that.”
“That is possible.”
The overriding rule of cross-examination is to quit while you are ahead. I told the Judge I had no further questions and dropped into my chair.
The Judge asked the Prosecutor if she wanted to re-examine. She briefly pondered her response. She desperately wanted to get her expert to walk-back some of his answers, but knew that her rescue mission might just highlight the damage I had done. Wisely, I think, she declined the Judge’s invitation.
The next witness was the head of the forensic squad which examined the crime scene soon after the stabbing. Sergeant Alan Dougherty was short and round, with a gruff manner. The Prosecutor got him to authenticate numerous exhibits including the blood-encrusted knife, the deceased’s blood-stained clothing and dozens of photographs of the crime scene. These were all tendered without objection. 
Having called witnesses to paint a picture of what happened on the day of the stabbing, the Crown Prosecutor next screened a video recording of Homicide detectives interviewing Sonia Russell at the local police station, a couple of hours after the stabbing. The interview lasted for almost an hour. Each jurors was provided with a transcript.
After she had screened the video, she closed the prosecution case and the Judge adjourned the trial to the next morning. Tomorrow morning, Sonia Russell would have to get into the witness box. Then she would sink or swim.







CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Defence barristers hate seeing their clients get into the witness box. Nerves and inexperience often make those clients look shifty, forget their stories or make stupid concessions. The fact that most are guilty as hell and lying to hide that fact also impairs their credibility. So, defence barristers prefer to keep them out of the firing line and tell the jury, ad nauseam, that the prosecution carried a heavy burden of proof.
However, when a client is claiming self-defence, like Sonia Russell, she usually has to take the stand and tell the jury what happened. Otherwise, the defence has no content. I was tempted to use her interview with the Homicide detectives, during which she gave her version of events, as a sort of ersatz evidence. But I did not think the jurors would buy that. They would want to look her in the eye when she explained what happened.
I certainly had much higher hopes for Sonia than I did for most clients who ventured into the witness box. She was a beautiful and bright actor. Surely, if she avoided being too actressy, she would excite the sympathy of the jurors.
Despite that, the next morning, when I announced that she was my first witness, an acidic fluid drained into my stomach. If this was a bad move, it had just become an irreversible one.
She left the dock through a small gate and strode purposefully towards the stand, where she sat on a red-leather cushion and looked surprisingly composed, as if glad to finally have some lines to speak.
The Court Officer administered the witness's oath and I asked her to state her name, which she did.
“You’re the defendant in these proceedings?”
“Yes.”
I extracted some evidence about her acting career and provoked the comment that: “I've made a living, I suppose; but I’ve only ever been a supporting actor.”
“You married Stephen Gilroy about four years ago?”
“Yes.” 
“That was your second marriage?”
“Yes.”
“You have a daughter by your first marriage?”
“That's right, Rachel.”
How old is she?
“Fourteen.”
“She's not here today?”
“No, I couldn't put her through this. She would get too upset.”
Hopefully, the jury would give her brownie points for her motherly concern. She had seemed quite natural, if slightly nervous, so far.
“Have you ever been charged with a criminal offence?”
“Only for speeding a few times, in my car.”
“Nothing else?”
“No.”
“No offences involving violence?”
“Of course not.”
“Now, when you married Stephen Gilroy, he was a well-known actor?”
“Yes.”
“Did you have a harmonious marriage?” 
A wry smile. “No. It started off well, of course, but quickly went downhill.” 
“What went wrong?”
“Lots. I probably wasn't easy to live with, but he wasn't either. He often had black moods during which he criticised everything I did. For instance, he often complained that I spent too much money.”
“Was he tight with money?”
“Yes, he was a real miser.”
“So, you had loud arguments with him?”
“Yes, particularly towards the end. We screamed at each other a lot.”
“Was he ever violent?”
“He pushed me a few times and slapped me once.”
“Were you ever violent?”
“I think I scratched him once or twice, and I once threw a plate that gave him a black eye.”
“That's all?”
“Yes.”
“Alright. Now, tell us what happened on 11 June last year?” 
She described in a halting manner how her husband arrived home at about 5.30 p.m. and found her alone in the kitchen of their terrace house. 
“What happened?”
“He was obviously in a nasty mood. He immediately said our marriage was a disaster and he was going to divorce me.”
“How did you respond?”
“I said I was happy to get divorced; I said our marriage was a farce and I would ask the Family Court for half of his assets. He said the prenuptial agreement I signed only gave me $400,000, and that was all I would get.
“I said it was not worth the paper it was written on. That was when he exploded. He grabbed my throat and pushed me back against the fridge; he screamed that he would make sure I got nothing at all.”
“How did you react?”
“I was terrified. He was a lot bigger than me, of course, and was incredibly angry - his face was red. I thought he was going to choke me.”
“Had he grabbed you like that before?”
“No, that was the first time.”
“What did you do?”
“I reached into the cutlery drawer and grabbed a big knife, and stabbed him.” 
“Why did you do that?”
“Like I said: I was terrified he was going to choke me. I was trying to protect myself.”
“You mean, he still had his hand around your throat?”
“Yes.”
“Did you intend to kill or harm him?”
“No, I was just trying to protect myself.”
“Alright, and what happened after you stabbed him?”
Recalling what happened made her sob for about a minute in, I thought, an affectless way. She dabbed her eyes and apologised. “Sorry,”
“I know this is very distressing, but please tell the jury what happened.”
She hesitantly described how her husband fell onto his back and lay still. “I pulled out the knife and tried to stop the bleeding with a dishtowel for about a minute. But he was obviously dead, so I called Emergency Services.” 
“Thank you.” I looked at the Judge. “No further questions, your Honour.”
I sat down thinking Sonia had performed well, so far. However, a good cross-examiner was about to apply a blow-torch to her belly.
Jane Tomasic stood and glared at the witness. “Before you married your husband, you signed a prenuptial agreement, didn't you?”
“Yes.”
“That severely limited how much money he would have to pay you in the event of a divorce?”
“It was bad for me, I see that now.”
“In fact, if he divorced you within five years, you would only get $400,000?”
“Yes, that's right.”
“You were married for four years?”
“Yes.”
“And you stabbed your husband on 11 June last year, didn’t you?”
She gulped. “Umm, yes.”
“Shortly before that, you became concerned that he planned to divorce you, didn’t you?”
“Ah, yes.”
“That is why you spent many hours on your computer researching the effectiveness of prenuptial agreements?”
“Yes.”
“And you concluded that it was binding, didn't you?”
“From what I read online, yes, it was. I should not have signed it.”
“You were angry about that, weren't you?”
“I was unhappy.”
“You had little money of your own?”
“That's right.”
“You had a lifestyle to maintain?”
“It was not an extravagant lifestyle.”
“But you could not maintain it on your own?”
“I suppose not.”
“You had a daughter in a private school?”
“Yes.”
“Now, let us talk about what happened in the kitchen on 11 June last year. Your husband came home and told you that he planned to divorce you?”
“That's right.”
“When he said he intended to divorce you, you were deeply angry, weren't you?”
“I was upset.”
“You were angry because he intended to abandon you?”
“I was upset.”
“And you were angry because the prenuptial agreement meant you would only get a small divorce pay-out?”
“I did not think about that when he said he wanted a divorce.”
“You must have?”
“I did not.”
“When he said he wanted a divorce, you were so angry that you grabbed a knife and attacked him?”
“I did not.”
“Your frustration with him boiled over and you stabbed him?”
 “Not true. I stabbed him after he grabbed my throat.”
“He never grabbed you by the throat?”
“Yes, he did.”
“And he never pushed you back against the refrigerator?”
“He did.”
“That is just a tissue of lies, isn’t it?”
“It’s the truth.”
“A doctor examined you about an hour after the stabbing, didn’t he?”
“Yes.”
“He found no bruises on your throat, did he?”
“I know. But my husband didn't choke me. He held me against the refrigerator. I was afraid he was going to choke me. That’s why I stabbed him.”
“You say that he pinned you against the refrigerator?”
“That's right.”
“The back of your head was against the door?”
“Yes.”
“The cutlery drawer was beside the refrigerator?”
“Yes.”
“If your head was pinned against the refrigerator, you could not have looked in the drawer for the knife?”
“I didn't have to. I knew where the drawer was. I opened it and grabbed a knife.”
“You had no way of knowing whether you were grabbing a knife or a spoon.”
“Yes I did. I knew what the handle of a knife felt like - that's what I grabbed.”
“That's a complete concoction, isn't it?”
“Absolutely not.”
“You did not keep the carving knife in the cutlery drawer, did you?”
“Yes, I did.”
“In fact, you kept that knife in a knife block on the other side of the kitchen, near the door, didn't you?”
I felt a stab of nausea. Did I miss something while looking through the crime scene evidence?
A pregnant pause. “No, I didn't.”
“Really? The police took a photograph of the knife block very soon after your husband's body was removed. Let me show you?”
The Crown Prosecutor picked up a photograph and passed it to the Court Officer, who passed it to the witness, who looked at it suspiciously.
“That photograph shows the knife block, doesn't it?”
“Yes.”
“That knife block has six slots, doesn't it?”
“Yes.”
“The photograph shows five knives in the block and one empty slot, doesn't it?”
“Umm, yes,” the witness squeaked.
“The missing knife was the carving knife which you used to stab your husband?”
“No, no, the carving knife did not come from the knife block. I don't know what happened to the knife that went into that slot.”
Jane Tomasic looked like she had tasted something unpleasant. She turned to the Judge. “Your Honour, can the defendant be shown the knife used to stab Mr Gilroy?”
The Judge nodded to his Associate who picked up a plastic exhibit bag containing the blood-encrusted carving knife and handed it to Sonia Russell.
Jane Tomasic said: “You see that the handle of that knife has a distinctive hatched pattern?”
Sonia Russell studied the knife and looked like she sat on a crumbling bridge. “Umm, yes, I see that.”
“The handles of all of the knives in the knife block - all five - have that same hatched pattern, don't they?”
The witness studied the photograph of the knife block. “Yes, they do.”
I groaned inwardly. I had accepted Sonia's assertion that she took the carving knife out of the cutlery drawer. I missed its similarity to the five in the knife block. I should have paid more attention. No good would come from this line of questions.
The Crown Prosecutor said: “The carving knife that you used to stab your husband belonged to the set kept in the knife block, didn't it?”
“I guess so.”
“So, you usually kept that knife in the knife block?”
“No, no, I kept it in the cutlery drawer for some reason. I can't remember why. I must have misplaced it.”
“You kept your kitchen very tidy, didn't you?”
“I tried to be tidy.”
“You would never break up a set of knives, would you?”
“I don't agree.”
“That would have annoyed you?”
“Not necessarily.”
“In fact, the carving knife was in the knife block when your husband entered the kitchen at about 5.30 p.m.?”
“No, no, it was in the cutlery drawer.”
“It was in the knife block with the other five knives in that set?”
“No.”
“You didn't argue with your husband near the refrigerator, did you?”
“Yes, we did.”
“He never pushed you up against the refrigerator?”
“He did.”
“In fact, you argued with him on the other side of the kitchen, near the knife block?”
“Sonia Russell looked seriously rattled and I felt seriously rattled. “Not true.”
“And, during that argument, you took the carving knife out of the knife block to stab him?”
“I took it out of the cutlery drawer.”
The Prosecutor raised her voice. “You took it out of the knife block to stab him, didn't you?”
“No, I didn't.”
I groaned behind a mask of impassivity. Sonia Russell's whole defence depended on showing that, while pinned against the refrigerator, she opened a cutlery drawer, grabbed a knife and used it to defend herself. However, Jane Tomasic's cross-examination devastated that claim. Sonia Russell obviously extracted the knife from the knife block, across the kitchen from the refrigerator, before stabbing her husband. Her defence was in shreds. I always thought Jane a good cross-examiner. She was better than that.
She could have easily sat down at that point, mission accomplished. However, she gleefully went back over the ground she had already covered and made Sonia Russell look even more desperate and shifty. Then she shifted gears. “You’re an actor, aren’t you?”
Sonia Russell looked surprised at the new topic. “Yes.”
“You graduated from a drama school when you were 21?”
“Yes.”
“Since then, you have appeared in numerous television dramas and stage productions?”
“Yes.”
“You would describe yourself as a good actor?”
“That’s not for me to say. I do my best. But I've never had any big roles.”
“You're using your acting skills right now, aren't you?”
“No, I’m not.”
“You're pretending to be a victim when, in fact, you murdered your husband?”
“That's not true.”
Jane turned casually towards the Judge and did a bad job of hiding her self-satisfaction. “No further questions, your Honour.”
She sat and glanced at me. The glint in her eye said her cross-examination was brilliant, and she knew it. I knew it too. Sonia Russell would only be acquitted if some jurors went mad.
The Judge looked at me with a trace of pity. “Any re-examination, Mr Norton?”
I was allowed to clarify ambiguous answers the witness gave. However, her answers were very clear. They were also very unhelpful. If I re-examined her, I would just highlight that fact. 
I said: “No, your Honour.”
The Judge asked Sonia Russell to return to the dock. As she trudged towards it, he looked at the clock. “I see it's almost 4 p.m. This seems a good time to adjourn.” He looked at Jane Tomasic and me. “Do you agree?”
We said we did and he turned to the jury. “Members of the jury, I’m going to give you a small early-mark; please be back here by ten o’clock tomorrow morning. I now adjourn.”
The Court Officer called for everyone to rise and the Judge steamed off the bench.
As he disappeared, Jane Tomasic turned towards me with barely concealed glee. She was obviously still smarting over me winning our previous murder trial, and wanted to serve her revenge hot. She leaned close. “I just buried your client.”
“Why? She said she misplaced the carving knife.”
“The jury won't believe that.”
I had to agree. “We'll see.”
“Hah.”
“However, now you’ve seen my client on the stand, maybe we can do a deal.”
“What sort of deal?”
“Drop the murder charge and let her plead to manslaughter. What about it?”
A fierce shake of the head. “Nope, as I said before, she'll have to plead guilty to murder.”
Sonia Russell left the dock and headed towards me, face still pink from the stress of giving evidence. I rose and guided her to the side of the courtroom, away from Jane Tomasic. Sandy joined us.
She looked like she had just survived a heavy bombardment. “How did I go?”
The truth would depress her and I did not want to do that. But I didn't want to lie either. “Most of your evidence was good. However, the Prosecutor did a lot of damage when she asked about where you kept the knife you used to stab your husband?”
She knotted her hands. “You think that is important?”
“Yes. She'll claim your answers show you pulled it out of the knife block. If the jurors believe that, they have to reject your claim that your husband pushed you against the refrigerator and you acted in self-defence.”
“Will they believe that?”
All the sane ones would. I imagined her spending the next couple of decades - the rest of her prime years - in gaol and filled with despair. “Juries can believe anything they like. But there is a strong possibility they will believe the knife was in the knife block when you grabbed it. As I said, if they do, that will scupper your defence.”
Her face went pale and she bit her lip. “Oh, goodness. Maybe I should plead guilty to manslaughter.”
“I just raised that with the Prosecutor. She said the Crown will not drop the murder charge.”
“Then maybe I should plead guilty to that.”
“That would be pointless, at this stage. It would be a very late plea, so you would only get a small discount on sentence. You may as well pin your hopes on the jury; they are very unpredictable.”
Her sister, Grace, put an arm around her shoulders. “Alright, Sonia, I'd better take you home.”
Sonia glanced at me. “Can I go?”
“Yes.”
“Alright, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
The siblings wandered off and Sandy said: “We’re in big trouble, aren’t we?”
“Yup. I should have realised that she pulled the knife out of the knife block.”
A shrug. “Don't kick yourself; I didn't either. But, even if we did, we would have still put her in the witness box and hoped the prosecution missed that angle. We had no choice. It's too bad she ran into a good prosecutor who knew what she was doing. So, don’t beat yourself up. Tomorrow is another day. Let’s see what happens. Surely, there's still a chance of an acquittal.”
“The jury would have to ignore the evidence.”
“Juries have done that before.”
“True.”
I felt too weary to walk back to chambers. I wandered out to Oxford Street and caught a taxi. In my room, I sat at my desk and stared out the window at the streetscape, trying to forget about the trial. Unfortunately, the next morning, I had to return to Courtroom No 2 at the Darlinghurst Courthouse and resume command of a sinking ship.
I should have read the transcript of that day’s evidence or started preparing my final address to the jury. However, my client’s effort in the witness box knocked the stuffing out of me. Best to go home and try for a good night’s sleep.





CHAPTER FOURTEEN

I got off a train to Edgecliff Station and walked to my apartment through crumbling light. I had been riding a wave of adrenalin since the trial began. Now, I had barely enough to fuel self-loathing. I should have seen that my client's story - that she pulled the knife out of a cutlery drawer - was too cute. I had looked at the facts through her eyes, rather than mine. That was a big mistake. Of course, as Sandy said, if we had realised the truth, we would have still put her into the witness box and hoped the prosecution was blind to it. But I did not like having the prosecutor dig deeper than me. Not at all.
Once inside the apartment, I made myself a toasted ham and cheese sandwich. I ate it over the draining rack and reflected bitterly that I was not at home in a kitchen, as I proved in court.
I throttled self-pity. A worthless self-indulgence. I had to salvage something from the wreckage. Bert Tolsen liked to say that half of an advocate's job - the most important half - was damage control. Do some.
Sonia Russell's claim, that her husband pushed her up against the refrigerator and she pulled a knife out of the cutlery drawer to defend herself, was now untenable. She obviously pulled the knife out of the knife block near the kitchen entrance and used it to stab him.
However, that raised a big question in my mind. Why did she claim, in the first place, that he pushed her up against the refrigerator? She could have easily alleged he pushed her against the knife block and she pulled a knife out of it to defend herself? Why mention the refrigerator? Why site the argument on the wrong side of the room?
When her call to the Emergency Services hotline was played in court, something about it bothered me, though I did not know what. Now, I realised what troubled me. When the Emergency Services operator asked Sonia what happened to her husband, she said: “He’s been stabbed.” She did not say that she stabbed him or claim that she acted in self-defence. Maybe, at that stage, she was not ready to accept responsibility for her actions. But her language was strange. 
An idea trickled into my mind and started to pool. Maybe some of her story was true - her husband really did push her up against the refrigerator - and the rest was a lie. It was a lie because there was someone else in the kitchen. A torrent of ideas flooded my mind and I grasped what really happened.
My God.
I stomped around the living room for five minutes while I ran a scenario through my head. Then I assessed it for flaws and inconsistencies, and found none. I had surely discovered the truth, and that Sonia Russell was a much better actor than I thought.  She had been giving the performance of her life.
I stared out at the glittering cityscape. I now knew what really happened in the kitchen. But how could I use that knowledge to help my client? She had already given evidence on the stand that scuppered her defence. She would not get another bite of the cherry. 
I glanced at my watch. 8.30 p.m. I considered phoning Sandy Westbrook and telling him what I had deduced. I restrained myself, with great difficulty. I would sleep on it. Maybe, in the morning, my deductions would look far less brilliant than they did now.




CHAPTER FIFTEEN

I woke the next morning after a frayed sleep with a sore jaw from grinding my teeth and a dull throb in the back of my head. I revisited my speculation of the night before and saw no reason to discard it. Now, I had to work out how to use it. The first step, obviously, was to confront my client and demand the truth. If she confirmed my deductions, I would have to change her whole defence. That would resemble jumping off a cliff and trying to build wings on the way down. 
After a long walk around the neighbourhood and a quick breakfast, I caught a taxi straight to the Darlinghurst Courthouse. I arrived about 40 minutes before the trial was due to resume and found Sandy chatting to Sonia Russell and her sister, Grace, in the foyer. The door of Courtroom 2 was locked.
Sonia turned towards me. Until now, I had assumed she was either a tough cookie or in denial about her predicament. Raccoon eyes now peered out of thick foundation. Her sister Grace also looked exhausted.  They were faltering.
I looked at Sonia. “Morning. How did you sleep?”
“Badly.”
“I'm not surprised. Let’s find a room and have a chat.”
“What about?”
“Something that occurred to me last night.”
 Sandy shot me a questioning look and I muttered: “Fasten your seatbelt.”
He floated an eyebrow. “OK.”
I led everyone into a mahogany-panelled interview room off the foyer. A large oak dining table sat in the middle for some reason. We sat around it.
I looked at Sonia Russell. “I realised last night that you have only been telling half the truth about what happened in the kitchen.”
Sonia Russell bit her lip. “What do you mean?”
“I think your husband came home and found you in the kitchen. He said he wanted a divorce. You exchanged heated words and he pushed you up against the refrigerator. I believe all of that.”
“It is true.”
“I know. However, I don’t believe the rest of your story. You did not pull a knife out of the cutlery drawer. It is obvious from yesterday’s cross-examination that the knife that stabbed your husband was taken from the knife block on the other side of the kitchen. You, of course, were pinned against the refrigerator and could not have taken it out. That means that someone else - a third party - took it out of the knife block and stabbed your husband.”
Sandy, sitting beside me, said: “Shit.”
Sonia Russell shivered and her voice cracked. “That's crazy, crazy. There was nobody else there.”
“Yes, there was.” 
“Who?”
“Your daughter, Rachel.”
She shook violently. “My daughter? She was with my ex-husband.”
“No, she wasn’t. I'm sure she came home from school and heard yelling in the kitchen. She stuck her head through the doorway and saw that your husband had you pinned against the refrigerator. She thought he was choking you and, I assume, hated him anyway. She pulled a knife out of the knife block and approached him. As he turned around to confront her, she stabbed him and down he went.”
Sonia Russell kept shaking. “That's rubbish - total rubbish.”
“When you realised he was dead, you became terrified that Rachel would be charged with murder and decided to airbrush her out of the picture. You sent her away and cooked up a story that you stabbed your husband in self-defence. You tried to stick to the truth, as far as possible, but, as yesterday's cross-examination showed, that created inconsistencies.”
If Sonia Russell was a car, her wheels would have fallen off. “That’s crazy. I don’t want to talk about it.”
“That’s your right. But let me give you some legal advice. Your defence is going very badly. I expect that the jury will find you guilty of murder. It won't even need to consider manslaughter. That means that, unless we change direction, you will probably spend about 20 years behind bars. Do you understand?”
She bit her lip. “I know I'm in trouble.”
“Good. Now, be careful about what you tell me, because I will be bound by your instructions. But I think your best chance of being acquitted is for your daughter to give evidence and admit that she stabbed your husband.” 
She paused and weighed her words. “But I’ve already given evidence.”
“True, and I probably can’t put you back in the witness box, though I may try. But I can explain to the jury that, when you gave evidence, you were trying to protect your daughter. It should understand that dynamic.”
“But, if I'm acquitted, Rachel will be charged with murder.” 
“Not necessarily. I can’t give you any guarantees. But, if she gets into the witness box and admits that she stabbed your husband, to protect you, she probably won't be charged with anything. The Director of Public Prosecutions would consider her age and the circumstances, and do nothing. And, even if she was charged and convicted, I doubt she would go to prison. A judge would be very lenient.”
“If convicted, would she be taken away from me?”
“I doubt it. It’s not your fault that she stabbed your husband; if anyone is to blame, he is.” 
Grace Stokes leaned towards her sister and spoke sternly. “Sonia, it's time to stop playing games and face up to what happened. You and Rachel can't keep it a secret any longer.”
My client looked surprised. “You know what happened?”
“Yes, Rachel told me. She said she stabbed Stephen to protect you. I know you’ve been telling her that you’ll be acquitted. But she’s worried you won’t be and wants to give evidence.”
“She does?”
“Yes. And you should let her. It will be good for her. She can't hide what she did for the rest of her life. That will crush her. She has to take responsibility, and maybe some blame, for what happened. And think what will happen if you get convicted and sent to gaol - she’ll be devastated. You’ll serve the sentence inside and she’ll serve it outside.”
Eyes and lips trembled. “You're sure she wants to give evidence?”
“Yes.”
Sonia Russell looked at me. “If she gives evidence that she stabbed Stephen - I’m not saying she did - it will be reported everywhere: on television and on the internet. The publicity will ruin her life. It’ll follow her, forever.”  
I said: “There will be no publicity.”
A surprised look. “Why not?”
“If a defendant or witness in a criminal trial is under sixteen, the media can't report their name or anything that might identify them.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“I didn’t realise that.” A despairing look. “I don't know what to do.” 
“I’m not a priest or psychologist. I don't know what is best for your daughter. Grace is obviously a better guide. But I can say that, if she gives evidence, it will definitely boost your defence.”
“I’ll be acquitted?”
“I can’t promise that. But, right now, you’re in desperate trouble. You have nothing to lose.”
After sobbing huge tears for almost a minute - they glistened with sincerity - she took her sister’s hand and looked at me with red eyes. “Alright, alright, Rachel stabbed Stephen - she did it to protect me.”
“What happened?”
“The day he died, she had band practice after school and got home at about 5.30. She heard Stephen and me yelling in the kitchen about getting a divorce. She snuck into the kitchen and thought he was choking me. I mean, he really did pin me against the refrigerator and scream at me. She just wanted to protect me, and hated him, I guess. She pulled a knife out of the knife block near the door and rushed towards him. He heard her and spun around. As he did, she stabbed him. She didn't want to kill him; she just wanted to protect me.” 
“But the knife nicked his heart?” 
“Yes. It was bad luck - terrible luck.” 
My pulse raced as I tried to take on-board what she said and chart the best course of action. “What happened next?” 
“I tried to stop the bleeding, of course, but that didn't work. I realised he was dead and told Rachel to go to Vince’s house.”
“You mean, your ex-husband?”
“Yes. Rachel often stayed at his place.”
“Is he married?”
“No, single.”
“Where does he live?”
“In Double Bay. It’s only a couple of suburbs from Paddington.”
“And you stayed and took the blame for stabbing your husband?”
“Yes, I was afraid Rachel would be charged with murder and that would ruin her life. I also felt responsible for what she did.”
“Responsible - why?”
“I married Stephen and created that situation.”
“You weren't to blame.”
A shrug. “That’s how I felt.”
“Anyway, she obeyed you?”
“Yes. I said that, if I took the blame, I would not get into trouble.”
“And your ex-husband was prepared to help with the cover-up?”
“I spoke to him later and said it was the best thing for Rachel.”
“And, he agreed?”
“Yes. He didn't have much choice.” An imploring look. “What would you do in that situation? I thought I was doing the best thing.”
I had no children, but hoped that, in her situation, I would have the moral courage to do the same. “None of this is your fault; it just happened. However, we now have to remedy the situation. Where are Rachel and your ex-husband right now?”
“Rachel refused to go to school while the trial was on. So Vince took time off work to look after her. They’re probably at his house right now.”
“You’ve got his phone number?”
“Of course.”
“Good. Phone him and tell him what has happened. Tell him that you want him and Rachel to give evidence at the trial. If he agrees, he will have to attend my chambers for a conference after the trial adjourns this afternoon.”  
“You don’t want them to come here?”
“No, I have to confer with both of them before they give evidence. I’d better do that at my chambers. I’ll also have to arrange for them to get independent legal advice.”
“Independent advice - why?”
“If your daughter is going to admit that she stabbed someone, and your ex-husband is going to admit he helped her cover that up, they should get independent legal advice before they give evidence.”
“You can arrange that?”
“Yes, I’ll organise for them to see another barrister on my floor.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know yet.” I glanced at my watch. “Fifteen minutes before the trial resumed. You’d better call your ex-husband right away.”
She reached shakily into her handbag and pulled out a mobile phone. “Will do.”
She dialled a number and spoke to her ex-husband. She tremulously explained that her barrister had deduced that Rachel stabbed Stephen Gilroy and the barrister wanted Rachel and him to give evidence. After listening for a while, she whispered to me. “He’ll do it.”
“Good. Let me speak to him.”
She handed me the phone and I introduced myself. “Will you and Rachel see me, at my chambers in the city, at four this afternoon?"
He sounded wound up. “No problem. I'll do anything to help. So will Rachel.”
“Good.” I gave him the address of my chambers and said it was vital they arrived by 4 p.m.
“We will.”
“Thank you.”
I ended the call and handed the phone back to my client. “He'll be there.”
“He's very dependable.” A strange giggle. “I used to think he was boring. God, I was a fool.”
I stood up. Alright. We’d better head for court.”
Sandy said: “We're almost out of witnesses. What are you going to do until four o'clock?”
“Stall for time.”
As we crossed the foyer and entered Courtroom 2, Sandy, looking a little shell-shocked, whispered to me. “I wish you’d warned me about all of that.”
“It was an evolving situation. If I knew earlier, I’d have told you earlier.”
“Fair enough. But, if we put Rachel and her dad in the witness box, we’ll be calling our own client a total liar.”
“Yep.”
“You think that will work?”
“No idea. But it's better than doing nothing. Right now, our client is in the express queue into gaol.”
“Very true.” He grinned. “This will be quite a stunt.”
It would be, if we stuck the landing. 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

I had left my court attire on my chair at the bar table overnight. I donned it and glanced across at Jane Tomasic who still had the chirpy air she acquired the day before.
When the trial resumed, my overriding priority was to ensure that the defence case was still open when the Judge adjourned at 4 p.m. After that, I could talk to Rachel Russell and her father. Unfortunately, I had only three character witnesses to call and there was no guarantee that, if they finished before 4 p.m., the Judge would grant an early adjournment. He could force me to close my case, and thereby foreclose the option of calling Rachel and her father. 
My three character witnesses were a theatrical director and two acting colleagues of Sonia Russell. They each got into the witness box and, after describing their friendship with her, commended her compassion and integrity, and said it would be out of character for her to stab anyone.
Unfortunately, it only took me two hours to extract their evidence and Jane Tomasic did not bother cross-examining any of them. When the last one left the witness box, Justice Brian Taylor looked at me with his usual well-lunched expression. 
“Any further witnesses, Mr Norton?”
Time to throw myself on the mercy of the court. “I have two more witnesses, your Honour, but neither is presently available.”
A deep frown. “When will they be available?”
“Not until tomorrow morning.”
A grimace. “That is very unsatisfactory, Mr Norton. I don't mind the delay and I’m sure that Madam Crown can live with it.” He pointed at the jury box. “However, the jurors have interrupted their normal lives to be here. They should return to them as soon as possible.”
 “I fully accept that, your Honour; I apologise to the court and the jurors. However, these are important witnesses - vital to the defence.”
“Do you wish to identify them?”
“Not at this stage, your Honour.”
A bigger frown. “So, I suppose, you want an adjournment until tomorrow morning?”
“Yes.”
He looked at my opponent. “What do you say, Madam Crown?”
A shrug. “The prosecution would like to keep things moving, obviously. But this is a matter for the court.”
The Judge looked unhappy. He could have forced me to close my case. Some judges would have. But he wanted to give the defence every opportunity to present its evidence. I also sensed that, as I had never messed him about in the past, I was in credit with him. 
Now, he debited my account. “Alright, I will adjourn until tomorrow morning. But you had better have your witnesses here, Mr Norton.”
“I will, your Honour.”
He told the jury that witnesses were often unavailable in criminal trials and apologised for the delay. Then he adjourned the trial until 10 a.m. the following morning. 
As he left the bench and the court cleared, Jane Tomasic appeared at my shoulder, looking suspicious. “Who are these witnesses?”
No point boasting about them until I had confirmed I would call them. “Oh, nobody interesting. Just a desperate last fling.”
“Really? You’re up to something, aren’t you?”
“Yes, a desperate last fling. I'll see you tomorrow.”
She wandered off, looking a touch worried and I turned to my client, standing with her sister, Grace Stokes. “You'd better phone your ex-husband and ask him to head straight for my chambers, with Rachel.” 
She pulled out her phone and conveyed that request. Then, she terminated the call and looked at me. “They're on their way.” 
“Good. We'd better get moving, too. Looks like we're gonna have a late night.”
“Do you want me to come with you?”
I wanted both her and her ex-husband to consent to her daughter giving evidence. “Yes, you should.”
Grace looked at her sister. “I’ll go home, if you don’t mind, and see you back here tomorrow.”
“Sure.” 
The pair embraced and Grace departed.
I looked at Sandy. “You'd better bring your copy of the brief along, in case we need it.”
“Will do.”
While he loaded folders into a trolley bag, I took off my court attire and left it on my seat for the next morning. When Sandy had finished packing, I said: “Let's go.”
The three of us wandered out to Oxford Street and caught a taxi back to my chambers. I sat next to the driver. On the way, I glanced over my shoulder at Sonia Russell. “What does your ex-husband do for a crust?”
“He's an accountant.”
“Which one of you wanted the divorce?” 
“I did. He was very upset.”
“Why did you want to split up?”
“I know you'll find this ridiculous - I do, now - but I found him a bit boring. I’ve learned to appreciate that quality.”
“But you stayed on good terms?”
“Reasonably good. Being parents of a child kept us in contact, of course. He really dotes on Rachel. That's why he agreed to help with the cover-up, I suppose.”
We caught a lift up to the reception area of Thomas Erskine Chambers. A tall, thin man in his forties and a slim, ginger-haired girl with freckles sat on a couch.
The girl leaped up and rushed over to Sonia Russell, looking excited. “Mum, Mum, I want to give evidence - I want to say what happened. Please let me.”
Sonia Russell embraced and kissed her daughter, before stepping back. “I have to talk about that with your father and the lawyers, OK?”
“Sure, but I want to do it.”
Sonia Russell looked at the man. “Thanks for coming, Vince.”
A wry expression. “No problem. I told you your plan sucked."
A strained smile. “You were right.”
She glanced at Sandy and me. “Let me introduce you to Vincent Parker and Rachel.”
We shook hands with Parker and Rachel.
I said to him: “Thank you for coming. I’d better chat with you and Sonia first.” I looked at Rachel. “Will you wait out here for about ten minutes, please? Then, I'll speak to you.”
A tight smile. “OK, but I want to give evidence.”
“I understand.” I glanced at her parents. “Alright, please follow me.”
I led the two parents and Sandy around to my room, and slung my bar bag into a corner. “Please be seated.”
I sat behind my desk and they all sat facing me.
I looked at Vincent Parker. “You understand why you're here?”
He looked nervous. “Yes, Sonia has told you that Rachel stabbed Stephen Gilroy …”
“That's right.”
“… and you want Rachel to give evidence about that?”
“Yes, and you as well.”
He looked shocked. “Me? Why me?”
“Rachel turned up on your doorstep very soon after the stabbing. You can give evidence about what she said and how she behaved.”
His Adam's apple danced solo. “I understand. So, you think that, if we give evidence, it’ll improve Sonia’s chances?”
“Definitely.” I explained how Sonia's performance in the witness box put her defence in the palliative care ward. “It is highly likely she will be found guilty of murder; if not, she will certainly be found guilty of manslaughter.”
“And, if she's convicted, she'll go to gaol?”
“Of course. Even for manslaughter. she will serve at least five or six years.”
Vincent Parker looked at his ex-wife. “That’s not what you've been telling Rachel and me.”
A long sigh. “I didn't want to worry you.”
“You mean, you didn't want to tell us the truth.” Vincent Parker looked back at me. “If Rachel gives evidence, what will happen to her?”
I repeated what I told Sonia: that I did not think Rachel would be prosecuted but, if she was, a conviction was unlikely and any punishment would be mild. 
“What about the publicity? That will hurt her a lot.”
“There will be no publicity because she’s under sixteen years of age. That is the law. The judge will make sure the media is aware of that.”
“I didn't know that.” He shrugged. “Frankly, I never thought that trying to protect her was the best move. I thought she should own up to what she did and accepted the consequences. As you’ve seen, she's keen to give evidence.”
“You mean, you agree that she did stab Stephen Gilroy?”
“Yes, that’s what she told me when she arrived at my place that night. She was dreadfully upset, of course.”
“Tell me what happened. Give me all of the details.”
He explained how Rachel arrived at his house, at about 6.30 p.m. on the night of the stabbing, almost hysterical, and explained that she killed Stephen Gilroy to protect her mother. 
When he finished, I looked at the two parents. “Alright, then, do you two agree to Rachel giving evidence?”
They both said: “Yes.”
I looked at Vincent Parker. “Will you also give evidence about what happened that night? If you do, you'll expose yourself to prosecution for misprision of a felony. If you were convicted, you could get a gaol term, though I'd be surprised if you did.”
He shrugged. “I don't care. I always wanted to tell the truth. This is my chance.”
Sonia gave him a tender look. “I'm sorry about this, Vince.”
He smiled. “Forget about it. This is what being a parent is all about. We all got dealt a shitty hand. It will be good to put things right.”
I said: “Alright then, let’s wheel in Rachel and get her version of what happened.”
Sandy rose. “I'll get her.”
He disappeared and soon returned with a tense-looking Rachel. I sat her on a spare chair and gently coaxed from her what happened on the night that Stephen Gilroy was stabbed. She described, in a jittery voice, how she stabbed her step-father in an attempt to protect her mother.
When she finished, she cried. “I'm sorry about what happened, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to kill him; I just wanted to stop him from hurting Mum.”
I said: “I understand. Will you give evidence, at the trial?”
She looked relieved. “Yes, yes, I want to.”
“There are legal dangers if you do.”
“What?”
“You would be admitting in a court of law that you stabbed someone to death. That is a very serious step. Despite your age, you could be charged with murder. I don’t think that would happen and, if it did, you would probably be acquitted. But I can’t guarantee anything.”
“I don't care. I want to give evidence.”
 “You can, after you take one more step.”
“What?”
“You and your father have to get independent legal advice. The Judge will, quite rightly, want to know, before you get into the witness box, that you have received independent advice about the potential repercussions of giving evidence.”
Vincent Parker said: “Is there someone we can see?”
“I've got someone in mind who, I expect, will act pro bono.”
“He's experienced?”
I smiled. “He's over-experienced.”
“Is he available?”
“I’ll check. Please wait here; I won't be long.”
I left my room and strode down the corridor, praying that Bert Tolsen was still in chambers. His room was a blast from the past, with heavy mahogany bookshelves, stuffed with law reports, and a massive partner's desk. Fortunately, he sat behind that desk, reading a print-out of a legal decision.
I said: “Hah, caught you. You said you don't read decisions anymore.”
He looked up. “I don't, usually. But the High Court has spewed out another crap decision on trial procedure. Most of those guys have never set foot in a criminal court. They were all commercial barristers, and it shows. This decision is a joke.” He tossed the print-out aside. “Anyway, how's your murder trial going?"
“Lots of ups and downs. Yesterday, it looked like my client was dead and buried."
“Oh? Why?”
I described how Sonia Russell nosedived in the witness box.
He sucked his teeth. “Not good.”
“I know. However, there's been a big twist.”
“What sort of twist?”
“I've discovered that Sonia Russell did not, in fact, stab Stephen Gilroy.”
He looked puzzled. “Not at all?”
“Correct. Did not even scratch him.”
“She said she did?”
“I know.”
“You mean, she lied to the police and she lied in the witness box that she stabbed him?”
“Yes.”
“Wow. Why the hell did she do that?”
“To protect her daughter, who was the real perpetrator.”
Bert had appeared in hundreds of criminal trials during his long career at the Bar. They had made him shock-proof down to a depth of 50 fathoms. Now, though, his mouth dropped open. “Sweet Jesus, you don't say?”
“I do, I do.”
“You got any proof?”
I explained how, after I challenged Sonia, she told me the truth. “I've just spoken to her daughter and her ex-husband - the father - and they’ve both confirmed what she said.”
“So, what are you going to do?”
“I want to put the daughter and the ex-husband into the witness box and get them to tell the truth.”
“In other words, call your own client, the defendant, a liar?”
I grinned. “That's the plan.”
“My goodness. That's quite a trick. Do you really think you can get away with that?”
“I don't know. Only time will tell.”
A shrug. “I guess you don't have much choice, do you?”
“No. Right now, the defence is going over a cliff. But I'm concerned that, if the father and daughter give evidence, they might be charged with something. I’m most worried about the daughter, of course. She might be charged with murder.”
A smile. “Only if the mother is acquitted; if she's convicted, the cops can’t touch the daughter.”
I had considered that. “Very true.”
“But, whatever happens, I don’t think the cops will worry about the daughter. She was obviously trying to protect her mother and is very young. They’ll leave her alone."
“I agree.”
He leaned back and folded his hands on his rotund stomach. “So, umm, is there some way I can help?"
“Yes. The daughter and ex-husband should get independent legal advice before charging into the cannon's mouth. I obviously can't give it. I act for the mother. Your mission, should you chose to accept, is to give them that advice … ahh … pro bono.”
A long pause. “With no instructing solicitor?”
“I can’t arrange one, I'm afraid. My solicitor also has a conflict, of course, and can’t instruct you.”
Another long pause and a small sigh. “I guess one of the floor’s readers can sit in on the conference and make a file note. That’s all a solicitor would do anyway. It’ll be a good experience for him.” 
“Thanks, I'll owe you big-time.”
A shrug. “Glad to help. I haven't had much excitement recently. This is a whole month's quota in one go. Where are the ex-husband and daughter right now?”
“In my room.”
“Alright, wheel 'em around here. I'll find a reader who'll make a file note and meet you back here.”
I escorted Vincent Parker and Rachel around to Bert's room and waited for him. He returned with one of the floor's readers, a gangly baby barrister called Geoff Richfield. 
I looked at Geoff. “Thanks for doing this.”
A smile. “No problem. I'm fascinated.”
I introduced Vincent Parker and Rachel to the two barristers and everyone shook hands.
I looked at Bert. “Alright, I'll wait in my room. Let me know when you're done.”
I spent the next hour in my room with Sandy and Sonia Russell, making tense small talk, until Bert finally wandered in with Geoff at his shoulder. Sandy already knew the visitors. I introduced them to Sonia, who thanked them profusely.
Bert shrugged. “Just part of the job.”
I said: “How did it go with Rachel and her dad?”
“I explained the potential risks and they said they were happy to give evidence.”
“Thanks.”
“However, I’d better turn up at court tomorrow morning and apply for certificates against self-incrimination. I probably won't get them, but I might as well try. Best not to die wondering.”
“I’ll see you there.”



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

I slept hardly a wink that night. I kept wondering if I made the right decision when I forced Sonia Russell to admit that Rachel stabbed Stephen Gilroy. Maybe I should have kept my mouth shut and let her defence follow its natural downward spiral. Then, nobody could have blamed me when it hit the deck. Instead, I took control and would be blamed for whatever went wrong.
When accursed dawn finally arrived, I rolled out of bed, tired but with plenty of nervous energy to keep me going. I took a long walk around the neighbourhood, to clear my head, and breakfasted on porridge before catching a taxi to the Darlinghurst Courthouse, arriving at 9.30 a.m. 
Several cameramen and reporters stood chatting outside the main portico. They had filmed me several times previously and let me pass unmolested.
Sandy had agreed to pick up Vincent Parker and Rachel from Parker's house and make sure they arrived at court on time. Inside the courthouse, I opened the door of the interview room and found the three of them sitting at the incongruous oak dining table. Sonia Russell and Bert Tolsen, wearing a pinstripe suit, were also present. The conversation died away and everyone looked at me. A heavy burden landed on my shoulders.
I shook off my tiredness and projected confidence. “Morning all. Glad everyone’s here.” I looked at Bert. “Have you seen Jane Tomasic?”
“I saw her duck into the courtroom.”
“Then let’s go and see her.”
A smile. “Why not?”
Bert picked up his bar bag and followed me across the foyer into the courtroom. It was empty, except for a robed Jane Tomasic, sitting at the bar table, writing on a pad.
I said: “Morning.”
She spun around. "Hello." She noticed Bert Tolsen. “Oh, hello, Bert. What are you doing here?”
He smiled. “I'm going to make a cameo appearance.”
“You mean, in this trial?”
“Yes.”
“Really? Why?”
“I’m going to make an application on behalf of the defendant's new witnesses.”
Puzzlement and suspicion jostled for control of her face. “An application?”
“Yes.”
“What sort of application?”
Bert nodded towards me. “I’d better let Brad explain.”
She frowned at me. “What the hell is going on?”
Despite my tiredness, I started to enjoy myself. She thought that, after her cross-examination of Sonia Russell, victory was assured. Time to dynamite that notion. “My client has just given me some information which changes the whole, umm, complexion of her defence.”
A suspicious look. “What do you mean?”
“She has now informed me that she did not - I repeat, not - stab her husband to death.”
Her jaw dropped and bounced slightly. “What?”
“Let me repeat: she did not stab her husband to death.”
“Are you crazy? She told the first cops to arrive at the house that she stabbed him; she told the Homicide detectives that she stabbed him; hell, she got into the witness box and said she stabbed him.”
Her confusion gave me a perverse pleasure. “I know. But she now maintains they were all pork pies. She's very clear about that.”
“This is total bullshit: she stabbed him; this is a scam.”
“It's not, actually.”
A big wrinkle popped out on her forehead when she was stressed. It surfaced. “Then who the fuck does she say stabbed him?”
I had never heard her swear before. “Her daughter.”
A gasp. “Her daughter?”
“Yes, her daughter.”
“Bullshit, total bullshit.”
“It's not. The daughter stabbed Stephen Gilroy to protect her mother; then, her mother took the blame to protect her daughter. I only discovered that yesterday, after your brilliant cross-examination. You're the reason I learned the truth.”
That news earned a frown. “So, what are you planning to do, now that your client has changed her whole story?”
“I now intend to call the daughter to confirm what I have just told you. I’m also going to call her father, who saw her later that evening, to corroborate her story.”
Jane looked bewildered. “You can't do that.”
“Why not?”
“You're changing your whole case. You’re calling your client a total liar.”
“I'm being flexible and agile.”
“You just can't do that.”
“Last I heard, the prosecutor did not get a vote on defence tactics. So, just watch me.”
She glared at Bert. “And you - what are you doing here?”
He smiled. “Before I explain that, let me congratulate you on taking silk.”
His compliment threw her off stride, as he intended. “Thanks. Now, what are you doing here?”
“I represent the two new witnesses. I advised them about their legal position last night, and I’m going to apply for certificates against self-incrimination.”
“Seriously?”
“Yes.”
“You’ve got zero chance of getting them.”
“I can but try.”
I interjected. “Jane, I know this comes as a big shock to you. It was a big shock to me when I found out, yesterday. But I’m absolutely convinced that Sonia Russell did not stab her husband. She pretended she did to protect her daughter. So, the big question is whether you’re going to continue prosecuting her. If you do, I’ll be forced to put a 14-year-old girl into the witness box and get her to explain how she stabbed her step-father. We should avoid that, if possible. I'm happy for you to talk to both witnesses to confirm what I’ve been telling you. We can ask the Judge to delay the trial for a couple of hours while you do that.”
She shook her head. “No way.”
Bert interjected. “Jane, I spoke to both witnesses, last night, for an hour. For what it’s worth, I’m convinced that Rachel, not Sonia, stabbed Stephen Gilroy.”
Jane pondered that. She did not believe me, but Bert was known as a straight shooter and was unlikely, at the fag-end of his career, to trash that reputation. However, she shook her head. “I’m sure you believe that. But that’s just your assessment of what happened.”
“True. Then make your own assessment.”
“There’s no point. Even if I wanted to withdraw the charges - and I don’t - I would have to get the approval of a Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions, who will refuse. I'll be told to run the case through and leave it to the jury.”
Bert mobilised all of his wrinkles. “You sure?”
“Yes.”
I shrugged. “Matter for you. Let’s see what happens.”
Bert and I robed and sat on the defence side of the bar table. We watched the courtroom slowly fill up with journalists and spectators. Sandy and Sonia Russell entered and sat in the front row of the public gallery. Grace Stokes soon joined them.
Just after ten o’clock, there were three raps on the door behind the bench and the Court Officer called for everyone to rise. As we did, Justice Brian Taylor strode onto the bench exuding his usual good-humour and sat down. He saw Bert, sitting at the bar table, and looked askance. “Mr Tolsen, what are you doing here? Are you now leading Mr Norton?”
Bert rose to his feet. “No, your Honour, Mr Norton doesn’t need my help.”
“Then why are you here?”
“Your Honour, I think Mr Norton should explain what has happened. Then you will understand my presence.”
The Judge looked at me. “Mr Norton, what is going on?”
“Your Honour, there have been developments - quite profound developments - since the defendant finished giving evidence. As a result, the defence case is about to take a radically different direction.”
Eyebrows shot up. “Oh, in what way?”
The jury was still outside of the courtroom. However, a number of journalists sat in the press box and I didn’t want them to report what I was about to say. “Your Honour, before I disclose that, would you please remind the press in the courtroom that they are forbidden from reporting anything said in the absence of the jury.”
The Judge nodded and turned towards the half-full press box. “Did you hear that, members of the press? The law states that you are not allowed to report anything said in the absence of the jury. If you do, I will come down on you like a tonne of bricks. You have been warned.” The Judge looked back at me. “Alright then, Mr Norton, what is going on?”
A deep breath did not slow my galloping heart. “Your Honour, until now, the defence case has been that the defendant stabbed Stephen Gilroy.”
“I know that,” the Judge said impatiently.
“Well, that is no longer the case.”
Judicial eyes bulged. “It is not?”
“It is not.”
“Your client has already sworn on oath that she stabbed Stephen Gilroy to death?”
“I know. In my final submissions, I will ask the jury to disbelieve that portion of her evidence.”
A volley of gasps erupted behind me.
“Disbelieve your own client?”
“Yes, your Honour. I will ask the jury to instead believe the evidence of the two witnesses I am about to call.”
“Who are they?”
“The daughter and the ex-husband of the defendant.”
“What will they say?”
“The daughter will admit that she stabbed Stephen Gilroy, to protect her mother. The ex-husband will confirm that version.”
The judge leaned forward and spluttered. “How old is the daughter?”
“Fourteen.”
“And, you propose to call her as a witness?”
“Yes.”
“Does she have a guardian in these proceedings?”
“Yes, her father.”
“He has consented to her giving evidence?”
“Yes.”
“And she has agreed to give evidence?”
“She is determined to give evidence.”
“Have they both received independent legal advice?”
Bert rose to his feet. “That is one of the reasons why I am here, your Honour. I had a long conference with the father and daughter last night and explained the ramifications of giving evidence. When I finished, they both expressed a firm desire to do so.”
The Judge knew Bert well. Indeed, Bert was often his leader when they were both at the Bar. If the Judge trusted anyone, he trusted Bert.
A wry smile. “Thank you, Mr Tolsen. That answers my concerns on that score.” He looked at me. “Mr Norton, when did you become aware of the evidence these new witnesses will give?”
“Only after my client gave evidence, your Honour. Certain aspects of it aroused my suspicion. I made some inquiries and uncovered the new evidence. I could not confer with the two potential witnesses until yesterday afternoon.”
The judge's expression said he had seen everything now. “This is all, most unusual.” He looked at Jane Tomasic. “What do you say, Madam Crown?”
She rose and frowned. “This development comes as a complete surprise. The prosecution has had no warning. It has been ambushed.”
“Maybe. But Mr Norton is entitled to call whoever he wants as a witness, provided the evidence is relevant. I can't stop him.”
“They will contradict his own client.” 
“Maybe. But that is a tactical decision that Mr Norton has made. He is the master of his client's fate. I am not here to second-guess his decisions.”
“Well, as I said, this is an ambush.” 
A wolfish smile. “Maybe. But, as I said, I cannot stop him. See this as a challenge.”
She bowed her head. “I will do my best.”
“I am sure you will.” The Judge glanced at both counsel. “Now, before I recall the jury and we hear the evidence of these two witnesses, are there any rulings I need to make?”
Bert rose and asked that the Judge provide the two witnesses with certificates against self-incrimination. They jousted for about 30 minutes. The Judge liked to smile, especially when he was shredding a barrister's arguments. Finally, he said: “I'm sorry, Mr Tolsen, I won't let Rachel Russell get into the witness box and say, with impunity, that she stabbed someone to death. The legal system would look ridiculous. The same goes for her father. They will have to live with any consequences.”
Bert nodded. “As the Court pleases. I have fulfilled my responsibilities. May I be excused?” Non-party witnesses were not entitled to legal representation during a trial. Bert could not sit at the bar table and ride shotgun for Rachel and her father. 
The Judge said: “Of course. Thank you for your assistance.”
I leaned over and whispered to Bert. “Thanks, mate.”
He whispered back. “Pleasure. Good luck.”
Bert left the bar table and sat in the front row of the public gallery, obviously keen to watch the spectacle unfold.
The judge looked at me. “Should I now recall the jury?”
“Not quite. Rachel Russell is 14 years old. It is a criminal offence for the news media to publish her identity or any information which might identify her. That means it cannot report her name or even that she is the daughter of the defendant. Would your Honour please emphasise that to the reporters in the courtroom.”
The Judge turned to the press box. “Members of the press, you heard what Mr Norton just said. It was an accurate summary of the law. You cannot name this witness or report anything which might identify her. That is a very wide prohibition. If you do, the punishment will be severe. I guarantee it.”
The Judge's words produced a lot of long faces in the press box as the reporters realised they could only report a badly mutilated version of a great story.
The judge looked at me. “Of course, as a child, she is entitled to give evidence via closed circuit TV.”
Rachel's evidence would have more impact if she sat in the witness box, facing the jury. “I am content for her to give evidence in the traditional manner.”
“Alright. Time to recall the jury?”
“Yes, your Honour.”
The Judge glanced at the Sheriff's Officer, who ducked out through a side door and returned with the jurors. They soon filled the jury box. 
The judge looked at me. “Please call your next witness, Mr Norton.”
I said: “I call the daughter of the defendant, Rachel Russell.”
Rachel was sitting beside her father in the front row of the public gallery. She rose and I nodded towards the witness box. As she strode purposefully towards it, you could have heard a pinstripe drop. The jurors woke from their stupor and leaned forward in their chairs.
I leaned over to Jane Tomasic. “You want the other witness out of the court?”
“Of course.”
Sandy heard her demand and told Vincent Parker to leave the courtroom, which he did.
After Rachel swore an oath to tell the truth, I asked her to state her name. 
“Rachel Gloria Russell.”
“How old are you?”
She looked surprisingly composed. “Fourteen.”
“Your mother is the defendant in this trial?”
“Yes.”
“Alright, I want you to tell us what happened on the day Stephen Gilroy died. You went to school?”
“Yes.”
“What time did you leave school?”
“At about five o'clock. I had band practice, so I left a bit late.”
“What happened when you got home?”
In a halting manner, she described how she heard yelling in the kitchen. Her mother and Stephen Gilroy were screaming at each other about a divorce. She snuck into the kitchen and saw that Gilroy had grabbed her mother by the throat and pinned her against the refrigerator. She thought he was trying to strangle her and was terrified. She pulled a knife out of the knife block near the door and approached him.
“Did you say anything?”
“I think I yelled 'Don’t hurt her'.”
“Then what happened?”
“He turned around, looking incredibly angry.”
“What did you do?”
“I was trying to help Mum and I thought he was going to attack me, so I sort of poked him with the knife and it went into his chest.” Her chin wobbled and tears gushed out. The Court Officer rushed over with a box of tissues, which she used to dab her eyes. “I … I … didn’t want to kill him; I didn’t mean to; I just wanted to protect my mum.”
“I fully understand. What happened after that?”
Her fragile composure broke again and she sobbed for a minute. It was, without a doubt, one of the most authentic scenes I had seen in the witness box. While she sobbed, I glanced at Sonia Russell, crying into a handkerchief, and peeked at the jurors who were transfixed. Jane Tomasic wore a stoney expression which throbbed with anger.
Rachel wiped away tears and stared at me with red eyes. “He fell over onto his back and there was blood everywhere, everywhere. Mum tried to help him - to stop the bleeding - but he looked terrible. Then, he stopped moving. I started screaming. Mum kept shaking me to make me listen to her. She told me to go to Dad’s house and stay there. She said she would talk to the police.”
“And you agreed?”
“Yes. Mum said that, if she stayed behind, she wouldn’t get into trouble. But that wasn’t true, was it?”
“And you told your father the truth about what happened?”
“Yes.”
“Why didn't you tell anyone else about this earlier?”
“Mum and Dad told me not to say anything. They said that was the best thing to do. If people found out what I did, it would ruin my life. They said Mum would be OK, that this would all go away.”
“Why are you giving evidence now?”
“You worked out that Mum was lying and made her admit what really happened. Then you spoke to Dad and me.”
“When was that?”
“Yesterday. Then Dad said I should give evidence if I wanted to.”
“Which you have done?"
“Yes.” Rachel stared at the jurors. “She's a good mum; she’s always done her best. She shouldn't go to prison for something I did.”
That was a good note on which to finish my examination-in-chief. I looked at the Judge. “No further questions, your Honour.”
The Judge looked unusually somber as he turned to Jane Tomasic. “Any questions, Madam Crown?”
Jane Tomasic rose to her feet. “Yes, your Honour.”
She looked warily at the witness. She obviously did not relish cross-examining, on short notice, an emotionally fragile teenager who was obviously telling the truth about a brutal death. I sympathised with her, though not much.
Despite that, she did her best. She made Rachel repeat her story about what happened in the kitchen, hoping that Rachel would provide a different version to the one she just gave. Rachel didn't. Then Jane kept accusing Rachel of concocting her story with her mother and lying in a desperate attempt to save her mother from prison. Rachel warded off those attacks with sincerity and growing aplomb.
After cross-examining Rachel for an hour, Jane said she was finished and sat down. I said I had no re-examination and the Judge told Rachel she could leave the stand and remain in the courtroom if she wished. Rachel left the witness box and sat beside her aunt, Grace Stokes, in the public gallery, looking flushed and oddly satisfied.
I called Vincent Parker to give evidence. He explained how, on the evening of 11 June, the previous year, his daughter appeared on his doorstep, terribly distraught, and announced that she had stabbed her step-father to death. When he spoke to Sonia Russell the next day, she demanded that he keep quiet about what happened and he agreed.
I said: “How do you feel about that decision, now?”
“I deeply regret it. I should have gone straight to the police. Keeping quiet was not the right thing to do: it was bad for Sonia and it was even bad for Rachel.”
“Why are you giving evidence now?”
“You forced Sonia to tell the truth about what happened.”
“When?”
“Yesterday.”
“Thank you.”
I sat down and Jane Tomasic cross-examined Vincent Parker. The wind had left her sails. She abandoned cunning and craft and spent 20 minutes hurling accusations at him, hoping for a puncher’s luck. In a way, it was sad to see. She was much better than that. He stayed calm and remained credible throughout.
He left the witness box and the Judge asked if I wanted to call any more witnesses. I said I had an application to make in the absence of the jurors. I didn’t need to tell him what it would be. He had been around the block enough times to guess and sent the jurors out.
When the last one had disappeared, I said: “Your Honour, I would like to put the defendant back into the witness box.”
Justice Brian Taylor's expression said he had now seen all that the world had to offer. “You mean, to contradict all of her previous evidence?”
“Not all of it.”
“Let's not split hairs.” The Judge looked at the Crown Prosecutor. “What do you say, Madam Crown?”
“I strongly object, your Honour. The defendant had her chance. She is not entitled to two bites of the cherry.”
“I agree.” The Judge scowled at me. “I hate to sound old-fashioned, but sometimes people have to take responsibility for their actions. Your client had a chance to tell the truth. If she spurned it, that is her fault. I will not give her another one. This is a trial, not a pantomime. Your application is dismissed.”
I was not too disappointed that he refused my application. Rachel and her father had performed well in the witness box. Sonia Russell would not have added much to the defence case and might have done something stupid.
I said: “As the Court pleases.”
“Have you finished presenting your case?”
“Yes, your Honour.”
“Thank you.” The Judge turned to the Prosecutor. “Madam Crown, are you ready to make your final address to the jury?”
Jane Tomasic popped to her feet and bit her lip. “I would like a little time to prepare, your Honour.”
The judge glanced at the clock and saw it was almost lunchtime. “You're in luck. I need some time to prepare my directions to the jury. I will adjourn until tomorrow morning. You can start your final address when we resume.”
“Thank you, your Honour.”
The Judge apologised to the jurors for the delay and, after asking them to return the next morning, scampered off the bench.
Bert Tolsen left the public gallery and approached me. “Well, that was entertaining. If I didn't know better, I’d have assumed you planned the whole thing.”
“It went well?”
“I thought so. If your witnesses were lying, they’re true artists. Now, I'd better head back to chambers.”
“Thanks for all your help.”
“No problem. All you have to do is buy me lunch, in a restaurant of my choice, and listen to all my war stories. I've even got a few you haven't heard.”
I always enjoyed listening to Bert talk about his career and barristers now shrouded in myth and legend. “I’ll pretend that I'm interested."
“Good.”
“Just name the time and place.”
“I will.”
As he departed, Sonia Russell and Rachel approached me, with Sandy just behind them.
Sonia said: “How did that go?”
“I thought it went well. Rachel and Vincent did a great job. But don't get your hopes up. We’ve still got to stick the landing.”
They wandered off and I stowed my brief in my bar bag. Jane Tomasic had already left the courtroom, obviously too angry to chat with me.
“This isn't fair,” a voice behind me said.
I turned and saw Carol Rolfe, the court reporter for the Sydney Morning Herald. “What's not fair?”
“My news editor will have conniptions when I tell him that I can't identify the daughter.”
“Tell him he can identify her but, if he does, he will go to prison.”
She smiled. “I would enjoy that; he wouldn’t. I thought everything is supposed to be made public these days. Nothing is private.”
“The courts still haven't got that message. How is my client going?"
“I thought she was pickled in shit after she gave evidence. You've dragged her back from the edge. But I don’t know what the jurors will do. They're strange beasts.”
That evening, in my apartment, I watched the ABC Evening News. The newsreader had geometric eyebrows and barracuda teeth. When the program began, an image of the Darlinghurst Courthouse appeared behind him. He said: “There was a dramatic development today in the murder trial of Sonia Russell, accused of murdering her husband, the famous television actor, Stephen Gilroy. Until today, Sonia Russell has claimed that she stabbed Stephen Gilroy to death, in the kitchen of their home, in self-defence. However, today, her defence counsel called a surprise witness who contradicted that claim. The surprise witness claimed that she, in fact, stabbed Stephen Gilroy and Sonia Russell took the blame to protect her. Due to legal restrictions, ABC News cannot reveal the identity of the new witness. Counsel for Sonia Russell will now tell the jury it should disbelieve his own client and believe the evidence of the new witness …”
For once, I sympathised with the news media. A great story had unfolded in front of its eyes, but it could not report a big chunk. Of course, some smart viewers would read between the lines and realise the “surprise witness” was probably a child of Sonia Russell. But it would be much worse if the new media plastered Rachel’s name all over the airwaves and internet.



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Rachel insisted on attending the trial the next morning and sat in the public gallery with her father. When it resumed, Justice Brian Taylor told the jurors they would now hear the final addresses of counsel, starting with the prosecutor’s. He looked at my opponent. “Madam Crown …”
Jane Tomasic stood and delivered an address that was, I suspect, more subdued than originally intended. She emphasised that Sonia Russell confessed to stabbing her husband on several occasions, including in the witness box. “It is clear that she murdered her husband in a fit of anger. She thought she could get away with it if she claimed she acted in self-defence. However, when I cross-examined her, that defence went up in smoke. So she cooked up another story with her daughter and ex-husband. Do not believe them; do not be distracted. The defendant is throwing out red herrings in a desperate attempt to stave off a conviction.”
Jane Tomasic spent about an hour citing the evidence that supported her contentions - often reading from transcript - before repeating her central contentions and sitting down.
The Judge invited me to speak. I got to my feet and realised that I would, for the first and probably last time, argue that my client told a pack of lies on oath.
I made eye contact with several jurors. “This is a most unusual case. My client, Sonia Russell, got into the witness box and claimed that she stabbed Stephen Gilroy in self-defence. However, I must tell you, very bluntly, that she lied about that: she did not stab him; her daughter Rachel did. She pretended that she stabbed Gilroy in an attempt to shield her daughter from blame. In retrospect, that was a foolish thing to do. However, there is nothing more natural than a mother wanting to protect her daughter. What she did must have seemed quite rational to her at the time. It was only recently, when her legal team confronted her about discrepancies in her evidence, that she revealed the truth.
“To correct the record, the defence called Rachel and her father to give evidence. Rachel explained that she entered the kitchen and saw Stephen Gilroy with a hand around her mother’s throat. She pulled the knife out of the knife block and stabbed him in an attempt to protect her mother. Her mother then sent her to the home of her father to shield her from blame. Like any 14-year-old in that situation, she did what her mother told her to do. The parties involved found themselves in an unusual predicament, but their motivations were timeless.
 “Rachel was clearly an honest and truthful witness who found recounting what happened in the kitchen an incredibly painful experience. If you want to convict Sonia Russell of the charges against her, you will have to believe, beyond a reasonable doubt, that Rachel lied on oath. How could you be convinced of that?
“Further, you would have to believe that Sonia Russell persuaded her 14-year-old daughter to get into the witness box and lie on oath that she stabbed Stephen Gilroy when she did not. Only a monster would do such a thing. You may not like or approve of Sonia Russell, but there are no signs she is that.
“You would also, of course, have to believe that her natural father, who has no dog in this fight, allowed his daughter to do the same. What possible motive could he have, other than to ensure that the truth emerged?
“And finally, I note that the witnesses have no immunity from prosecution. When Rachel admitted to stabbing her step-father, she exposed herself to prosecution; when her father gave evidence, he did the same. Their sole concern was, obviously, to ensure that the truth came out and justice was done.”
I opened a folder of transcript and read out the critical portions of the evidence of Rachel and her father. Then I listed all of the matters that the prosecution had to prove to establish guilt and explained why the prosecution fell short.
Finally, I said: “You may feel annoyed and affronted that Sonia Russell lied to you. That is a natural human reaction. However, she is not charged with lying to you. She is facing the gravest criminal charges that can be brought against a person. So, I am sure, you will set aside your annoyance and judge her fairly. I am convinced that, if you do, you will find her not guilty of the charges against her.”
I sat down and the Judge spent the rest of the day charging the jury in his usual clear and succinct manner. He finished just at 4.20 p.m. and asked if counsel had any objections to his summing up. We both said “no”.
He turned to the jury box. “Members of the jury, it is now time for you to begin your deliberations. However, I note we have already run overtime. I want you to go home now and start your deliberations tomorrow morning. Please make sure you are back here before 10 a.m.”
He adjourned the proceedings and stalked off the bench. 
A huge burden slipped off my shoulders, and a new one replaced it.


CHAPTER NINETEEN

Just after noon, on the second day of the jury's deliberations, the Judge's Associate phoned me in chambers to say the jury had reached its verdicts and would deliver them in half an hour. A jolt of electricity went through me.
I rushed back to the courtroom and joined the other lawyers making nervous small talk at the bar table while the verdicts steamed towards us at full throttle. Journalists piled into the press box and a smattering of spectators popped up in the public gallery. Sonia Russell entered with Rachel and her sister, Grace. No Vincent Parker. Sandy Westbrook went over and chatted with our client.
The Judge sortied onto the bench and ordered that our trembling client return to the dock and the jurors return to the jury box. As the jurors filed into it, through a side door, I studied them carefully, trying to judge their moods. Several looked happy. But that was probably because the trial was almost over. None gave Sonia Russell a reassuring look. That was a bad sign.
The Judge asked the Foreperson to stand. A stout middle-aged guy rose to his feet.
“Has the jury reached a verdict?”
“Yes, your Honour.”
The Judge nodded to his Associate, who stood and looked at the Foreperson. “How say you: is the defendant, Sonia Russell, guilty or not of the charge of murder?”
For a brief moment, everything hung in the balance. Two huge metal hoops snaked around my chest and squeezed tight. I stopped breathing and felt faint.
The Foreperson looked down at a piece of paper and incanted. “Not guilty”.
Voices bubbled behind me. Several of the jurors smiled. I had braced myself for an adverse verdict and it took me a few moments to realise that Sonia had escaped the murder charge. Thank God. A metal hoop fell away and I smuggled air into my lungs. However, Sonia still faced the manslaughter charge. Less serious, but still serious. The remaining hoop tightened.
The Judge said: “Now, the second charge.”
The Associate looked again at the Foreperson. “How say you: is the defendant, Sonia Russell, guilty or not of the charge of manslaughter?”
This time, the Foreperson did not even glance at his piece of paper. “Not guilty.”
The courtroom erupted. Relief washed through me. I rose on crumbling legs, heart thumping and mouth dry, and tried hard to sound off-hand. “Will your Honour discharge the defendant?”
Amusement flickered across his face. “Yes, the defendant is discharged. She can leave the dock.”
Sonia stepped from the dock and hugged her daughter. They cried on each other’s shoulders while well-wishers patted their backs. Eventually, Sonia released her daughter and hugged her sister, Grace, then Sandy and me.
She tearfully thanked us both for our efforts.
I smiled. “Forget it.”
Sandy and I discussed with her the best way for her and her daughter to exit the courthouse and deal with the news media outside. We agreed that the three of us would leave together and I would make a brief statement. Grace and Rachel would wait around inside and leave when the press pack had dispersed.
Sandy had arranged for someone to collect my brief. I stuffed my wig and robe into my bar bag and, wearing my bar jacket, led Sonia and Sandy out of the courthouse main entrance. A horde of reporters and cameramen swarmed around like a drunken mob. Someone could easily get trampled.
I stopped and ignored a barrage of loud questions. When the pandemonium had settled, I said: “I just want to say, on behalf of Sonia Russell, that she is very pleased with the result. She has always maintained her innocence. She wants to thank her family and friends for standing by her and the jury for acquitting her of both charges. That is all I intend to say. Thank you.”
A number of reporters turned to Sonia and demanded her reaction to the verdict. She ignored them and we strode across the forecourt to Oxford Street. Four persistent cameramen filmed us hail down a taxi and climb inside. I told the bewildered driver to take us to Philip Street.
When we emerged from a lift into Thomas Erskine Chambers, I grabbed a bottle of white wine from the stock in the kitchen. We drank it in my room, while chatting about the twists and turns of the trial. We were in high spirits. However, lurking in the background was the sombre knowledge that, if events had unfolded differently, Sonia would now be sitting in a gaol cell with a left-over life to live.
She sipped some wine. “I'm sorry I gave you two guys the runaround. It seemed like a smart idea at the time.” She looked at me. “Thank God you saw I was lying.”
I said: “It wasn’t easy. I'm used to clients lying to protect themselves, not other people. Will Rachel be alright?”
A sigh. “I hope so. I’m glad she’s taken responsibility for what she did. Now, we can discuss it and get her some counselling.”
I topped up everyone’s wine glass and looked at her. “I guess this means you’ll now inherit Stephen Gilroy’s whole estate, on intestacy.”
A frown. “Not exactly.”
“Oh, why not?”
She looked at Sandy. “You’d better explain.”
Sandy smiled. “You will recall that Simon Blackstone said he did not have Stephen Gilroy’s original will - the one that gives Sonia a third of the estate - because Gilroy took it with him when he left Blackstone’s office.”
“I remember that.”
“Well, Blackstone phone me yesterday and said he has found the original in his office.”
“How is that possible?”
“He obviously lied when he said that Gilroy took it with him.”
“Why did he do that?”
“It’s obvious: when he couldn’t find the original will in his office, he fibbed to cover his arse. But a fresh search turned it up. Now, he says that he ‘misremembered’ Gilroy taking it with him.”
“I’m appalled.”
 “So am I. I’m also fairly impressed. Blackstone showed neat footwork. And, at least, when he found the original, he admitted that he had it.”
I looked at Sonia Russell. “So, you'll only get a third of the estate?”
A shrug. “That’s still over $3 million. I can't complain about that.”
“I guess not.”
She put down her wine glass. “Now, I'd better go and see Rachel, and make sure she’s alright. Before I go, I want to thank you guys from the bottom of my heart.”
Sandy said: “You should really thank Brad, he did most of the work.”
It was impossible to steal all the credit. “That's not right.”
“Well, thank you both.” She looked at me. “I didn’t understand most of your legal talk. But I did keep thinking you’d make a good actor.”
I was pleased. “Really? In Shakespeare?”
A smile. “Not quite. You have the timing needed for light comedy."
Sandy giggled.
I said: "You mean, prancing into a drawing room swishing a tennis racket?"
"Don't knock it: light comedy is hard."
I shrugged. “Thanks, but I’ll stick to the law. I bet it’s easier to get a gig.” 
She smiled. "Well, you're good at that, too."
I reached out to shake her hand, and she kissed me on the cheek. Sandy got the same treatment.
“Thank you very much, guys,” she said and headed for the door.
Sandy and I finished off the rest of the wine while chatting about the trial. As I led him out to the lifts, I said: “I hope your wife isn’t too upset about Sonia getting off.”
“Don’t worry. Gilroy did not survive long in her affection. Now she’s crazy about a show called “Chopping Block”. The hero is a professional chef who solves murders. She just drools over him or the food, or both.”
I went home and slumped onto my couch, just in time to watch the ABC Evening News. The lead story was the acquittal of Sonia Russell. The fish-eyed presenter said: “The dramatic murder trial of Sonia Russell, in the Supreme Court, has ended with her acquittal. She was charged with murdering her husband, the prominent television actor, Stephen Gilroy. Our court reporter, Karen Grogan, is outside the Darlinghurst Courthouse, where the trial was held. Karen, I understand the trial had lots of twists and turns.”
The court reporter appeared with the darkened courthouse behind her. “It certainly did, Terry. The most dramatic twist occurred when counsel for Sonia Russell called a witness to contradict evidence that Sonia Russell gave on the stand. Sonia Russell claimed that she stabbed her husband to death, but acted in self-defence. However, her counsel called a shock witness who claimed that she stabbed Stephen Gilroy and Sonia Russell took the blame to protect her. Her counsel told the jurors they should believe the new witness rather than his own client. The jurors evidently agreed. They acquitted Sonia Russell of both murder and manslaughter. After the trial, her counsel spoke to the media …”
The news item finished with a clip of me, standing outside the courthouse with wig-mangled hair, giving my short speech to the news media. I was chuffed with the exposure; I would have been even more chuffed if my name was mentioned.
My mind had been in overdrive for several days and I just wanted to park it in neutral. I lay on the couch for an hour, staring out the window at the glimmering skyline, while thoughts wandered in and out. Patricia Ransome eventually appeared. 
 I had heard people say that the best way to get over a relationship was to get involved in another one. I now disagreed. The best way was to appear in a murder trial. I broke up with Patricia only a week ago. The intervening murder trial was so tumultuous that it turned our relationship and break-up into ancient history. After a few twinges of regret, she faded from my mind. I rose and went to bed.

CHAPTER TWENTY

The acquittal of Sonia Russell was achieved at a price. I had to get a 14-year-old girl to admit in court that she stabbed her step-father to death. The girl was anxious to confess, but I feared she would suffer legal and psychological repercussions, and hoped I did the right thing.
Barristers are notoriously stingy with their praise. Wins, and losses, are a daily event and a poor indicator of performance, anyway. I expected few plaudits when I arrived at chambers on Monday morning, and proved prescient. Only two colleagues popped into my room, and they congratulated me on my television appearance rather than my victory.
Only Bert Tolsen was complimentary. He appeared about mid-morning and smiled. “Morning Brad. I see you cruised to victory. Congratulations.”
“Thanks.”
He dropped into a leather armchair and folded his hands on his bulbous belly. His nose resembled a squashed grape. “What happened after I left?”
I spent five minutes bringing him up to date.
“Well done. You must be glad you called the daughter and her father to give evidence.”
“I am. But how do I know I made the right decision or just got lucky?”
He laughed. “You don't. That’s the blessing and the curse of this job.”
“I hope the DPP leaves Rachel alone.”
“Don't worry. She's a hot potato. They’ll steer well clear of her.” He climbed to his feet. “You promised me a lunch. What about next Wednesday?”
“Fine. Name the restaurant and I’ll make the booking.”
“I’ll let you know. Then I’ll bore you rigid with stories about my glory days.”
“I’ll drink plenty of coffee.”
“Good.”
He wandered out and I went back to reading the brief open on my desk. 

I had hoped that Wayne Newman would drop past and share my moment of glory. However, he did not appear until the following afternoon, when he bowled into my room, looking red-faced and announced: “The bastards have gone and done it.”
I looked up from a law report. “What are you talking about?”
Wayne looked stressed. That was unusual. He usually caused stress rather than suffered it. “The Bar Association has lodged a complaint against me at the Bar Disciplinary Tribunal.”
“Over your scuffle with Victor Lomax?”
A frown. “It wasn’t even a scuffle. My fist brushed his chin and he fell over.”
At least he was sticking to his story. “What is the precise complaint?”
“That I engaged in unsatisfactory professional conduct, below the standard of dignity and courtesy expected of a barrister. Jesus, the Association has been gunning for me for years; this time it might get me.”
He had been reprimanded twice for discourtesy to judges. The Tribunal would show no leniency over his latest infraction. There was a strong chance it would strike him off the Roll of Barristers. “You still want me to appear for you?”
“Yes, if you will.”
An inward sigh. I was flattered that Wayne wanted me to help him. However, barristers do not usually charge colleagues they represented and Wayne was a good mate, anyway. I would be trying to save his career for free. “No problem.”  
“Thanks, I knew I could depend on you. I thought about representing myself, but might get too aggressive.”
There was no might about it. “I think you're doing the right thing. Have you instructed a solicitor?”
“Yep, I’ve asked George Rogers to hold your hand.”
Oh, no. George had briefed me several times. He was a superb lawyer, when sober. However, he drank steadily throughout the day and, by mid-afternoon, was a zombie. I would have to prepare for Wayne's disciplinary hearing with no assistance. However, I was not surprised that Wayne brought him on-board. They were drinking buddies of long standing.
“My God,” I blurted out.
“Have you dealt with George before?”
“Yes, he’s instructed me several times. He’s a drunk.”
“I know. But he’s a damn good solicitor when off the sauce.”
“He hasn't been sober since he was a baby.”
“That’s not fair.”
“It is a statement of fact.”
A shrug. “I guess he's got a bit worse, recently. But he’s the only solicitor who’ll work pro bono, I’m afraid.”
I shrugged. “Don’t worry, he’ll do.”
“Thanks.” For once, he realised he was being selfish and tried to make amends. “I saw on the tele that you got Sonia Russell off the hook. Well done.”
“Thanks.” I leaned back. “If you buy me a coffee, I’ll tell you all about it.”
He edged towards the door. “I’d love to. But I’ve got no time right now. Maybe later in the week. Then, you can tell me everything.”
“Will do.”
On that note, he shot out the door, leaving me wondering why I agreed to represent him. No good would come of it.






CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

During the fortnight after R v Russell, I dreamed several times that I had lost the trial and woke doused in sweat. I lay in the darkness and reassured myself that I won and all was right with the world. I also had moments, during the day, when I thought how badly wrong the trial could have gone, and shivered. It could have taken a different route to a very nasty destination.
My biggest fear, of course, was that the Director of Public Prosecutions would prosecute Rachel Russell for murder. Fortunately, a week after the trial, I got a call from Jane Tomasic who said the Director had decided not to do that.
I sighed. “That's a big relief. Thanks for telling me.”
“I thought you’d want to know.”
“I certainly did, and I’m very grateful that you told me.”
“You see, prosecutors are not as bad as people think.”
It was very decent of her to tell me about the Director’s decision, particularly after the aggravation I caused her during the trial. However, I had to needle her. “I have never shared the common perception that prosecutors are drunks and layabouts.”
She giggled. “Yeah, right. Anyway, I look forward to our next trial. That will be the decider.”
“The decider?  I'm two-nil up.”
She growled. “It will be the decider.”
She had earned a break. “OK, OK.”
After hanging up, I called Sandy Westbrook and passed on what Jane told me. He expressed pleasure and said he would give the news to Sonia Russell. I said goodbye and went back to reading a brief.
After I represented our receptionist in her claim for sexual harassment against my Head of Chambers, Derek Hoogland, he only gave me surly stares. So, I received a big surprise when I heard someone enter my room and peered up to see his gaunt features and spindly frame. He looked like he was back from Hell for a brief visit.
He said: “Umm, do you have a moment?”
I leaned back. “Yes.”
“I want to discuss a private - very private - matter with you.”
“What sort of private matter?”
“I will tell you if you promise to keep it confidential.”
I once found Hoogland rather aloof and intimidating. No longer. While he played silly word games in court, I appeared in murder trials. Now, I enjoyed myself. “How can I promise that without knowing what you want to discuss? What if you disclose a serious criminal offence?”
He frowned. “It’s nothing like that. I know we have had some, umm, differences in the past, but I want to use your services.”
Another big surprise. “Really?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“What I say will be confidential?”
Now, I was curious. “Yes, yes, it will be confidential.”
“Good.”
“Why do you need my services?”
“I have been charged with a drink-driving offence and I want you to represent me.”
The screws that attached my jaw popped out. It was hard to imagine him inebriated and out of control. Maybe that was how he escaped from himself. “What happened?”
“About a month ago, late at night, I crashed my car into a pole. A couple of police officers turned up and breath-tested me.”
“What was the reading?”
“0.16.”
Drivers who achieved that sort of “mid-range” reading usually received a conviction and a one-year disqualification from driving. “That's quite high. Where were you before you got into the car?”
“At a wine tasting.”
“You obviously didn’t spit much out.”
Pursed lips. “I drank with moderation. The reading was faulty.”
I doubted that. The breathalyzer machines were usually accurate and his collision with a telegraph pole suggested intoxication. “And you want me to represent you?”
“Yes.”
“Why me?”
“I know we have sparred in the past. But I need a barrister with experience in this area. I could get someone senior, but he would be out of touch.”
When I was a baby barrister, not long ago, I often voyaged out to Local Courts scattered all over Sydney to represent clients charged with drink-driving offences. The work kept me solvent. “I certainly know the area.”
“Exactly. I also know, from first-hand experience, that you have ability.”
His grudging tone enhanced my pleasure. “Thank you.”
“So, will you represent me?”
The cab-rank principle said I had to take the brief, unless I had a legitimate excuse, like a lack of expertise or reasonable fear I would not be paid. Neither was available. Indeed, the principle applied right now or had no meaning at all. I nodded. “Yes.”
“Good.”
“Instead of briefing me, you can, of course, plead guilty and catch a taxi for the next year.”
A frown. “That is not an option.”
“Why not? I bet you don't drive much anyway.”
“That is not the issue.” He hesitated. “I have been offered a judicial appointment which I cannot accept unless this charge is dismissed.”
“You mean, you’ve been offered a slot on the Court of Appeal bench?”
He looked startled. “Who told you that?”
“There are no secrets at the Bar.”
“Well, yes, I have been offered one. But I cannot accept it until this matter goes away. The Attorney-General is afraid of adverse publicity.”
I was not surprised. He ploughed his car into a telegraph pole while seriously pissed. A conviction for doing that would not affect most careers. However, judges have to be squeaky clean. Otherwise, the gutter press kicks up a stink.
I said: “I can't guarantee an acquittal.”
“I understand that. But I’m sure you'll do your best.”
“Of course I will.”
“Good. I have instructed a firm of solicitors. They will send you a brief.”
“Which firm?”
“Scullin & Crosbie.”
Skull & Crossbones was a big commercial law firm that rarely acted in drink-driving matters. Hoogland obviously had a mate at the firm who was doing him a favour. “I’ll wait for it.”
“Good.”
Though barristers did not usually charge colleagues they represented, I had no intention of extending that courtesy to Hoogland. He could and would pay. “I will bill you, of course.”
His reservoir of suppressed anger sprung a leak. “Is that necessary?”
What a cheap bastard. “Yes."
A frown. “Alright.”
“As long as that is understood.”
“It is,” he said starchily.
As he headed out the door, I realised that my duty of confidence forbad me telling Wayne Newman I was acting for Hoogland. That was probably for the best. If Wayne found out, he would be mighty pissed.




CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

The next morning, I got a call from a solicitor at Scullin & Crosbie, named Alex Michaelis, who said his firm wanted to brief me to appear for Derek Hoogland in a drink-driving matter.
I said: “OK, I’ll send you my fee agreement.”
A pause. “You’re not doing this for free?”
“Definitely not. I expect to be paid for my services.”
“Really? I thought you were one of Derek’s mates.”
Did he have any? “I don't have that honour,” I said archly.
Another pause. “OK, send me your fee agreement.” He gave me his email address and I jotted it down.
After hanging up, I typed up a fee agreement. I emailed it to him and reflected that I would probably earn more representing Hoogland in a drink-driving matter than I did representing Sonia Russell in a murder trial. I wasn't sure if that was good or bad.
The following afternoon, the brief from Scullin & Crosbie arrived. Most briefs I received were shoddily assembled. This one was almost a work of art. I was obviously dealing with a top-line firm.
I flipped through it quickly and noted it contained a charge sheet, a blood-alcohol certificate, a police statement of facts and the like. Hoogland had also provided a comprehensive statement about what occurred. I read through it. When he approached me, a few days before, he did not mention that the telegraph pole he clobbered was right outside his home or that, after the crash, he went inside to call a tow-truck driver. A neighbour notified the police about the crash and a couple of police officers knocked on Hoogland’s front door soon afterward. Hoogland stepped out onto the verandah and one of the officers breath-tested him.
It is hard to poke a hole in a drink-driving charge. The police breath-test lots of drivers and follow a near-invincible routine. Most drivers who blow over the limit are forced to plead guilty and throw themselves on the mercy of the court, usually without success. However, I quickly realised that Hoogland had got a lucky break he definitely did not deserve. The law did not allow the police to administer a breath test at a person’s home. An Australian's home was his castle, and all that. Yet, that was where the police officers tested Hoogland. The breath-test was inadmissible in court.
I did not know whether to be happy or sad that I found a way to get Hoogland off the charge and onto the Court of Appeal bench. I felt better as a barrister and worse as a person.
With a heavy heart, I phoned up Alex Michaelis and told him that I had read the brief. “Come and see me when you have a chance. We'll have a chat about it.”
“OK. What about 10 a.m. tomorrow morning?”
“That will be fine.”
“Should I bring Derek along?”
I did not want to see Hoogland's pleasure when he heard about the wheeze I had spotted. Nor did I want to hear him congratulate me. “There's no point bothering him yet. I'll speak to you first."
“You sure?”
“Yes.”
The next morning, just before 10 a.m., the floor receptionist phoned to say that Alex Michaelis had arrived to see me. I wandered out to the reception area and met a guy in his mid-thirties with longish brown hair. His narrow face wore a harried expression.
We exchanged greetings and I escorted him around to my room, where we sat facing each other across my desk.
I said. “How long have you been at Scullins?”
“Five years now.”
That told me a lot. Anyone who endured more than two years at a big corporate law firm was chasing a partnership like a rat up a drainpipe. The main difference was that a rat has more fun.
I said: “What’s your field?”
“Mergers & Acquisitions.”
“So, how did you get this file?”
“My overseeing partner and Derek Hoogland are buddies. In fact, I think they attend the wine-tasting together. He accepted instructions on the basis that we could brief a barrister who actually knows about drink-driving offences - that’s you.”
“You mean, neither of you has done any criminal work?”
“Correct. This is my first time. I wish it was a bigger charge, like murder."
I smiled. "You should blame Derek Hoogland for that."
He giggled. "Good point." He leaned forward. “So, you’ve looked at the brief?”
“Yes.”
“What do you think?”
“I think I've found a big hole in the police case.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
He smiled. “Goodie. Tell me all.”
I explained how the police breached the prohibition on breath-testing someone at home.
“That makes the breath-test invalid?”
“Yup. Kills it stone dead.”
“Wow, that’s a sneaky way to get off the charge.”
“It is, but we didn't make the law - we just struggle to obey it."
“Derek will be pleased. Should I bring him in here and let you tell him?”
“No, you tell him.”
A surprised look. “You sure?”
“Yes.”
A raised eyebrow. “You’re no fan, huh?”
“Correct.”
“Why not?”
“It’s not presently relevant.”
“Fair enough. So, what do we do now?”
“You should write a letter to the police that explains the flaw in the drink-driving charge; ask they withdraw it.”
“Will that work?”
“It should.”
“Will you draft the letter?”
“Sure, I’ll email it to you.”
Thanks.”





CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Several barristers had told me that, after a long struggle at the Bar, they suddenly entered a “golden period” when they were deluged with briefs. After the Russell trial, I wondered if my time had come. I was not sure why - maybe my television appearance after the trial played a role - but I started getting better briefs from my regular solicitors and good briefs from new ones. The Supreme Court became my stomping ground.
Of course, I feared my run of good luck would shrivel, and counselled myself not to get too excited or spendthrift. Sometimes, I heeded that advice; sometimes, I did not.
The stress of the murder trial pushed Patricia Ransome from my mind. Then I was so busy attending to my practice that I had little time to think about her. When I did, I felt a twinge of pain. But each time the pain diminished.
One matter that occupied plenty of my time was the complaint against Wayne Newman for professional misconduct. I had agreed to represent him when the Bar Disciplinary Tribunal heard the complaint. The hearing was scheduled to take place about a month after the Russell trial.
The Bar Association's complaint alleged that a Crown Prosecutor called Victor Lomax confronted Wayne after a trial. Lomax accused Wayne of playing origami at the bar table to distract the jury when Lomax made his final address. After Lomax called Wayne “a disgrace”, Wayne punched Lomax on the chin and Lomax fell over.
Wayne's version of events was slightly different. He admitted that he struck Lomax. However, he claimed he did so after Lomax flicked up his jabot. He also claimed he only landed a soft blow and Lomax effectively took a dive.
An old tart with a handbag could have done more damage than Wayne. Indeed, the whole affair was inspired slapstick until Lomax pompously complained to the Bar Association, and the Association dragged Wayne before the Tribunal.
I was sure the Tribunal would find Wayne guilty of professional misconduct. Barristers are not allowed to punch other barristers. When Wayne did that, his goose was cooked. The only question was what punishment the Tribunal would dish out. The Tribunal had already reprimanded him twice for discourtesy to the bench. Instead of learning his lesson, he was now brawling with colleagues. It was highly likely the Tribunal would strike him off the Roll of Barristers.
Wayne could only avoid that fate if he pleaded guilty to the complaint and argued, in mitigation, that he was provoked. If he did, the Tribunal might suspend him from practice for a year or two, rather than rub him out.
A couple of weeks before the hearing, I had a conference in my room with Wayne and the solicitor instructing me, George Rogers. I said to Wayne. “You can’t win this hearing. You will be found guilty of professional misconduct. And, if you fight the charge, you will get struck off. You’ve got to plead guilty and claim you were provoked. If you do, you might escape with a suspension.”
He snorted like a rhino about to charge. “Bullshit. The idiot chased me out into the hallway and flicked up my jabot. My punch barely grazed him. His tumble was all theatre. He should get an Academy Award. This whole thing is a set-up.”
“Maybe. But nobody forced you to take a swing. That was all your own work. The Tribunal will not let you get away with throwing a punch at a colleague. You will be punished. The only question is how severely.”
He shook his head. “I won’t plead guilty. If I go down, I will go down all guns blazing.”
I felt a deep desire to punch him. “Jesus, listen to yourself. Be rational. You’re supposed to be a barrister, not Wyatt Earp.”
A grin. “Why can’t I be both?”
I wondered, once again, if he was half-mad and shook my head. “You’re being ridiculous. This is not a showdown at high noon. You’re facing a disciplinary tribunal.”
“I've spent my whole career telling clients they should never plead guilty. I will look like a hypocrite if I cut and run now.”
I shrugged. “It’s up to you whether you plead guilty or not. But, if you don’t, I will not represent you. I will not help you commit career suicide.”
He looked a touch contrite. “You’re serious?”
“Deadly serious.”
He looked at George. "What do you think, mate?”
It was only mid-morning and George was semi-sober. “Brad is right. The game is up. You’ve got to plead guilty and hope for leniency.”
Wayne sighed and nodded. “Oh, alright.”
I looked at him and sighed. “You are already the worst client I have ever had.”





CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

The Bar Disciplinary Tribunal was housed in a large suite high in a city office building. The suite had two small hearing rooms. The Attorney-General had appointed three practising barristers - two silk and a senior-junior - to hear the complaint against Wayne Newman. The presiding Tribunal Member was a lugubrious probate barrister called Frank Brannigan. The other silk and the senior-junior were both commercial barristers. I knew none of them personally and asked my colleagues about their characters. None of my colleagues mentioned their compassion.
Counsel for the Bar Association was Arthur Tucker who, when not acting in disciplinary matters, had a personal injuries practice. Arthur was a tall guy whose affable manner hid brains and tenacity.
The disciplinary hearing was non-judicial, so the Tribunal Members, Arthur and I wore suits instead of robes. When the hearing started, Arthur outlined the complaint against Wayne.
Hannigan looked at me. “Mr Norton, how does the defendant plead?”
I climbed to my feet. “My client admits that he punched Mr Lomax and is guilty of professional misconduct. However, he says there are extenuating circumstances which the Tribunal should consider when deciding the punishment.”
“What circumstances?”
“Mr Newman maintains that he was provoked into throwing the punch. For that reason, it will be necessary for the Tribunal to hear evidence about what happened.”
“Are the facts in contest?”
“Yes, they are.”
Hannigan looked at my opponent. “Mr Tucker, do you agree that the Tribunal should hear evidence about the altercation?”
I had phoned Arthur the previous day and obtained his agreement on that point. He now looked at Brannigan. “Yes, Tribunal Member.”
“Alright then, you had better call your first witness.”
“I call Victor Lomax to the stand.”
Lomax rose from a seat behind Arthur and strode over to the witness box. I had appeared against him in several trials. He was a slim, feisty man with a cookie-duster moustache who thought that all defendants were evil and all defence counsel ran criminal protection rackets. Wayne had received plenty of praise from colleagues for punching Lomax. Some colleagues had even dubbed him "One Punch”, which pleased him greatly. 
After Lomax swore an oath to tell the truth, Arthur asked him to describe the lead-up to his altercation with Wayne. Lomax whined that, while he was making a final address to a jury, Wayne made an origami figure to distract the jury. After the trial, he approached Wayne outside the courtroom and complained about his conduct. He called Wayne a “disgrace”. Wayne retaliated with a punch that hit him on the chin and knocked him over.
Arthur sat down and I rose to cross-examine.
“Mr Lomax, you concede that you approached Mr Newman outside of the courtroom?”
“Yes.”
“He did not try to approach you?”
“He did not.”
“In other words, if you did not approach him, you would have both gone your separate ways?”
“I suppose so.”
“And the altercation outside of the courtroom would not have occurred?”
“I guess that’s right.”
“But you were anxious to have a confrontation?”
“I wanted to express my displeasure. I had to say something: he played origami at the bar table!”
“You did not complain about that to the judge?”
“If I did, your client would have achieved his goal, which was to interrupt my flow.”
“You mean, you took a forensic decision to not complain?”
“I guess so.”
“Then, you waited until the trial was finished and ambushed Mr Newman outside of courtroom?”
“There was no ambush. I merely expressed my displeasure.”
“When you approached him, you were very angry?”
“I was angry.”
“Very angry?”
“No, just angry.”
“You accused him of playing origami during the trial to disrupt you?”
“Yes, I did.”
“You called him a disgrace?”
“He was a disgrace.”
“And you still think he’s a disgrace, don’t you?”
“Yes.”
“You’re still angry with him?”
He blinked. “I, umm, guess so.”
“And that anger has coloured the evidence you have given today?”
“It has not.”
“When you confronted Mr Newman outside the courtroom, you stood close to him?”
“Not too close.”
“You were close enough to touch him, weren't you?”
“I would not say that.”
“Really? Are you saying that he was close enough to punch you, but you were not close enough to touch him?”
Lomax realised he had to backtrack. “Well, maybe I was close enough to touch him.”
“Thank you. You got close to him because you were trying to intimidate him?”
“I was not.”
“And your hands were free, weren’t they?”
“What do you mean?”
“They weren’t in your pockets?”
“No.”
“You weren’t carrying anything?”
“I don't think so.”
“And when you yell at people, you usually wave your hands about, don't you?”
“I don't agree.”
“Really? That's what most people do, isn't it?”
“I can't speak for most people.”
“Are you telling the tribunal that, when you berated Mr Newman, your arms hung motionless by your sides?”
“I didn't say that either.”
“So, it is possible that you were waving your hands about?”
“Yes, I suppose that is possible.”
“And, while you were waving them about, you flicked up Mr Newman's jabot, didn't you?”
“I did not.”
“You could have easily done that accidentally, couldn't you, while you were waving your hands around?”
A scowl. “I did not flick up his jabot.”
“But you were within touching distance, weren't you?”
“Umm, yes, I was.”
“So, it is quite possible that, when you were waving your hands around, they came into contact with Mr Newman's jabot?”
“They did not.”
“In fact, you flicked up his jabot and he retaliated with a punch?”
 “I did not flick up his jabot; I did not touch him. I called him ‘a disgrace’ and he immediately punched me on the chin.”
“He threw a punch after you flicked up his jabot?”
“Wrong. I did not touch him.”
“His blow was very weak, wasn't it?”
“He hit me hard.”
“His punch barely brushed your chin?”
“Wrong.”
“Really? Look at Mr Newman over there …” - I pointed at Wayne, sitting in the front row of the public area, trying to look angelic - “… he's in his late fifties and far from healthy, isn't he? He could not hit you hard?”
“It was a heavy blow.”
“In fact, after his punch brushed your chin, you tripped and fell?”
“I did not trip. I fell because he struck me hard.”
“You could have taken a step back, to stop yourself falling?”
“I didn’t have time.”
“You mean, his action caught you by surprise?”
“Yes.”
“In other words, you were not properly balanced?”
“I fell over because he hit me hard.”
“You are exaggerating what happened?”
“I am not.”
“How long were you on the ground?”
“Umm, not long.”
“In fact, you immediately sprung back to your feet?”
“Like I said, not long.”
“The only thing Mr Newman wounded was your pride?”
“It was a heavy blow.”
I could have accused him of taking a dive. Wayne would have done that, in my shoes. However, I did not want to over-reach.
I looked at the presiding Tribunal member and said I had finished my cross-examination. Lomax left the witness box and sat at the back of the hearing room, as he was entitled to do.
A number of people were in the vicinity when Wayne threw his punch, but only one person saw everything from close range. That was the solicitor from the Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions who was instructing Lomax. Arthur called her to give evidence.
Veronica Nolan was an attractive woman in her early thirties who tried hard to be truthful. She told Arthur that there was an angry confrontation between Lomax and Wayne, and then Wayne threw a punch that knocked over Lomax.
When I cross-examined her, she agreed that Lomax was very angry when he approached Wayne, stood very close to Wayne and “probably” waved his arms about. She did not see Lomax flick up Wayne's jabot, but agreed she could have easily missed that. She also conceded that the punch looked rather “weak” and she was “surprised” when it felled Lomax.
I said: “You mean, Wayne Newman did not float like a butterfly and sting like a bee?”
She giggled. “Far from it.”
I told the presiding Tribunal Member that I had finished my cross-examination and he adjourned the hearing for a lunch break.
I descended, with Wayne and George Rogers, to a ground-floor café. Wayne and I ate sandwiches washed down with coffee; George confined himself to three glasses of wine.
Wayne bit on a sandwich and beamed at me. “You’re doing well - damn well.”
“Don’t get excited. I’m just trying to save some furniture from a burning house. The Tribunal is going to dish out some nasty punishment. I’m just trying to get you suspended rather than struck off.”
“You’re being too pessimistic.”
He had obviously lost contact with Mission Control. I always thought he was savvier than this. He was certainly a poor judge of his own interests. “No, I'm not."
A shrug. “Thanks, anyway.”
When the hearing resumed, Arthur Tucker said he had no more witnesses to call.
I immediately put Wayne into the witness box and extracted his version of events. He explained how Lomax angrily approached him in the hallway outside of the courtroom, berated him loudly and flicked up his jabot. “When he did that, I lost it, I’m afraid and took a swing. It was a pathetic effort: I barely grazed him. But he went down, anyway.”
“How do you feel about your behavior?”
“I’m, umm, embarrassed about what I did. It was wrong - really wrong.” His stab at contrition was an appalling sight. He looked like an actor who did not believe in his role and only half-remembered his lines.
I sat down and Arthur Tucker started his cross-examination. He immediately homed in on Wayne’s attempt to distract Lomax during the trial. “You admit that you played origami at the bar table while Mr Lomax was addressing the jury?”
“I made a crane, yes.”
I snuck a look at the Tribunal members and sensed they were mildly amused at Wayne’s behavior. It took a barrister with real imagination and pluck to pull the stunt that Wayne did.
Arthur said: “You wanted to distract the jury when Mr Lomax made his key points?”
“No, I was bored. He wasn’t saying anything interesting.”
“You were trying to distract the jury?”
“No.”
I wanted to weep. The panel members were experienced practitioners. They knew what game Wayne was playing. He should have made a simple concession. His failure to do so would seriously harm his credibility.
My fear that Wayne would prove truculent and dismissive in the witness box was prescient. He tried to be calm and moderate, but that was beyond him. The more Arthur badgered him, the snippier he became. However, he stuck ferociously to his story and Arthur extracted no concessions.
After Wayne finished giving evidence, I called several character witnesses on his behalf. Two were ex-judges. They said that, while Wayne could be unpleasant in court - one actually described him as a 'pain in the arse' - he vigorously defended his client’s interests. A couple of prominent silk expressed similar sentiments. Arthur Tucker got all of them to agree that punching a fellow barrister was very poor form, but the Tribunal panel already knew that.
I closed Wayne's case and Arthur made his final address to the panel. He made all of the obvious points. He said that Lomax was justified in confronting Wayne about his behaviour in court. The evidence showed that Lomax did not touch Wayne and certainly did not flick up his jabot. The Tribunal had already reprimanded Wayne twice for professional misconduct and he learned nothing from those episodes. Punching a fellow barrister was totally unacceptable and the Tribunal should order Wayne be struck off the Roll of Barristers.
I got to my feet and emphasised that Wayne had admitted his guilt and was clearly contrite about his behavior. However, that behavior should be seen in context. Lomax sought a confrontation and, the evidence showed, made contact with Wayne’s jabot. “It is not clear whether that contact was deliberate or not. But it is clear that Mr Newman reacted instinctively to what he saw as contemptuous behavior.”  
I noted that the character witnesses had attested that, while Wayne could be grumpy in court, he was a fervent advocate for his clients. “The main duty of a barrister is to represent his clients to the best of his ability. Mr Newman could never be accused of failing in that duty.”
I sucked in a breath and finished on a bold note. “In my submission, the appropriate punishment is a reprimand and a condition attached to his practicing certificate that he successfully complete an anger management course.” I did not expect the Tribunal would accept that submission; I just wanted to pull them away from the nuclear option.
I sat down and the presiding Tribunal Member conferred sotto voce with the other two members, before glancing at Arthur and me. “Thank you, gentlemen. We have decided to reserve our decision. We will deliver it at a later date. You will be given that date in due course."
The panel members strolled off the bench and I left the hearing room with Wayne and George trailing behind me. The doors of a lift were open. I steamed into the lift with the other two on my heels. Too late I realized that Vincent Lomax was already in occupation. Oh, shit.
Lomax saw Wayne and cringed.
The lift doors closed and I decided that, if Wayne attacked Lomax, I would ration him to two punches. Then I would step in.
Wayne leaned towards Lomax like a movie-monster sniffing its prey. As Lomax recoiled, Wayne whispered: “Boo.”
Lomax shivered.
Wayne often pissed me off. But moments like that inspired my devotion.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Like most barristers, I had a special affection for solicitors who briefed me early in my career and kept me afloat. Several fitted into that category, but Clint Andersen, from the Legal Aid Office, was the one I loved the most. He sent me one of my first briefs and briefed me regularly thereafter. He even briefed me to appear in my first murder trial. Legal Aid paid a pittance. But without its stipends, I might not have survived at the Bar.
The next morning, Clint phoned me. “You’re becoming famous.”
“Really?"
"Yes, I saw you on television last month. You won a big murder trial.”
“True. How did I look?”
“Your hair was sticking up.”
“Great news. What can I do for you?”
"Remember how I said I might offer you a brief in a murder trial?"
"Yes. The defendants are going to run cut-throat defences."
"That's right. Well, my bosses have finally given me approval to brief you. The trial will start on the 12th of next month and run for at least a week. You available?”
I felt a shiver of excitement as I flipped open my diary and saw I was. “Yep, I can do it. Pipe me aboard."
“You don't need to know the facts?”
“It's a murder trial. That's all I need to know."
“Good. You’ll be appearing for a bikie called Terry Boland. He and another bikie are accused of murdering a third bikie.”
Jurors hated bikies, with good reason. “All bikies? That’s bad.”
“I know, but it gets worse. Like I said, the defendants are going to run cut-throat defences.”
In other words, each would blame the other to save himself. Prosecutors love that sort of defence. They get to stand back and watch the defendants destroy each other. Then they count the dead and bayonet the wounded.
“That defence rarely succeeds.”
“I've been in this game for a long time and I’ve never seen one work.”
“There’s always a first time.”
“Famous last words. You still want the brief?”
“Of course. I love a challenge. Send it over.”
“I'll send it this afternoon.”
 “Thanks.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

When I arrived at chambers the next morning, three white folders - the brief from Clint Andersen - lay on my desk. I opened the first folder with some trepidation and read the letter of instructions. My client, Terry Boland, and his co-defendant, Gary Murdoch, were members of the Chieftains Motorcycle Club, one of the biggest outlaw bikie gangs in Australia. They were accused of murdering the president of the Chieftains, George Curtis, at his mansion in Campsie.
Clint Andersen had obtained a witness statement from Boland, who was languishing in a prison awaiting trial. Boland had included some biographical information. He explained that he grew up in a public housing estate in western Sydney. His mother was often pissed or stoned; he never met his father. He was a poor student who preferred burglary to homework. At sixteen, he was caught in the wrong house after dark and sentenced to 18 months in a juvenile detention facility. Soon after his release, he robbed a service station with a knife and was sent to an adult prison for three years. While inside, he met some Chieftains who invited him to join their club.
After his release, he rode as a probationary member of the Chieftains and struck up a friendship with the club's Sergeant-at-Arms, Gary Murdoch, who sponsored him for his membership patch. 
A Sergeant-at-Arms in an outlaw bikie gang kept order and enforced the rules. Only thugs need apply. Murdoch was a particularly nasty specimen. He had convictions for drug trafficking, grievous bodily harm, aggravated assault and theft. The last two offences were committed after he decided that another bikie was a police informant. He shot the guy in both knees and stole his motorbike. He denied being responsible. However, his victim limped into court and convinced a jury that he was. Murdoch spent six years behind bars for those offences. That took the total number of years he had spent in prison to eleven.
Boland and Murdoch were charged with murdering the president of their club, George Curtis, at his mansion in Campsie. Curtis had an even more impressive criminal record than Murdoch. He spent a total of 15 years in prison for offences ranging from drug-trafficking to assault and rape. He even managed, a week before he died, to get charged with beating up his wife, Veronica. She obtained an AVO order against him and went into hiding. 
The prosecution case against Boland and Murdoch was straightforward. It claimed that at 2.30 p.m. on 2 October, the previous year, the two bikies parked their Harley Davidson choppers outside the front gate of Curtis's mansion and pushed a buzzer. A CCTV camera mounted above the front door filmed Curtis leave the mansion, open the front gate and lead Boland and Murdoch back inside the mansion.
The prosecution claimed that Boland and Murdoch forced Curtis to open a safe in his study and stole its contents. That safe was later found open and empty. Then they marched Curtis into the living room and made him sit on a couch. One of them shot him three times in the chest, killing him almost instantly. The CCTV camera then filmed them dash from the mansion, jump onto their choppers and ride off. They spent only five minutes inside the mansion.
Neighbours heard the shots and summoned the police, who soon discovered the dead body. Within hours, detectives from the Outlaw Bikies Taskforce reviewed the CCTV footage and identified Boland and Murdoch as the pair who fled the scene. Police officers raided their apartments and found them vacant. Searches did not turn up the murder weapon or any other incriminating evidence.
Two days later, the police arrested Boland at his brother's house and Murdoch at a pub he frequented. Neither resisted arrest. Both wisely refused to talk to the police.
The prosecution had CCTV footage that proved Boland and Murdoch entered the mansion together and, five minutes later, left together. However, it could not prove who actually shot Curtis. But that did not matter. If the prosecution established that the defendants engaged in a joint enterprise to kill Curtis or rob him with violence, they were both guilty of murder. It did not matter who squeezed off the shots.
There was certainly plenty of evidence that Boland and Murdoch engaged in a joint criminal enterprise: they arrived at the mansion together; at least one had a pistol; the wall safe was found open and empty; they fled together. The prosecution would also emphasise they were both bikies with serious criminal histories. It had a compelling case.
Terry Boland's defence was set out in his witness statement. He claimed that, at 2 p.m. on the day of the shooting, he was watching television in his tiny apartment in Campbelltown. Gary Murdoch phoned and said they should go to the Chieftains' Clubhouse for a drink. Boland agreed and Murdoch said he would ride over to Boland's apartment and collect him.
Boland went downstairs and sat on his bike. Murdoch arrived and said that, on the way to the clubhouse, he wanted to visit George Curtis to pick up some money that Curtis owed him for a motorbike.
They rode over to the Curtis mansion in Campsie and parked their Harley Davidson choppers outside the front gate. Curtis came out and took them into the living room of his mansion. 
According to Boland, Murdoch then said: “Have you got my money?”
“Yep, it's in the safe.” Curtis disappeared into the adjoining study and soon returned, carrying a bulky sealed envelope, which he tossed to Murdoch.
Murdoch fingered it suspiciously. “How much is in here?”
Curtis sat on a couch. “$10,000, like we agreed.”
“No, we agreed on $20,000. You said you'd pay me $20,000 for the chopper.”
“No, I promised to pay $10,000.”
Murdoch scowled. “Bullshit.”
Curtis shrugged. “We agreed on $10,000. Take it or leave it.”
“Pay me $20,000.”
A dismissive wave. “Fuck off.”
Murdoch angrily reached inside his jacket, whipped out a pistol and yelled. “No, you fuck off.” He fired three bullets into Curtis’s chest and killed him stone dead.
Boland was shocked to discover that Murdoch had a pistol and even more shocked that he used it. He said: “Jesus, why the fuck did you do that?”
Murdoch replied: “The cunt had it coming.”
Boland said: “Shit, let's get out of here?”
Murdoch tucked the pistol and envelope inside his jacket. “Yeah, let's go.”
They fled on their motorcycles and soon split up.
I now understood Boland’s defence. He had, at least, ticked the two most important boxes: he denied shooting Curtis and he denied having a joint intention, with Murdoch, to kill or rob. Whether a jury would believe his story that an argument broke out between Murdoch and Curtis over a debt, and that sparked the shooting, was another matter. But at least I had something to work with.
I did not know the details of Murdoch's defence. However, as night follows day, he would claim that Boland shot Curtis and that came as a total surprise to him.
In other words, each defendant was going to run a 'cut-throat defence' in which he accused the other of murdering Curtis. 
That defence rarely succeeded for two main reasons. The first was that the prosecution did not have to establish who pulled the trigger. As I said, it only had to prove the defendants engaged in a joint enterprise to kill or rob, and there was plenty of evidence to establish the defendants did that.
The other reason that defence rarely succeeded was that the jurors were told all about the defendants' criminal records. In a standard trial, a prosecutor cannot reveal that information. But there is no character shield between co-defendants. They can throw as much dirt at each other as they like. In a normal trial, the jurors often suspect a defendant is a hardened criminal, but aren't sure. In a 'cut-throat defence' trial that information is rammed down their throats. True, Murdoch's criminal record was worse than Terry Boland's. But I doubted the jurors would draw that distinction.
The prosecutor at the trial would have a ball. He would serve up the prosecution evidence and then watch the defendants destroy each other.
After pacing around my room for a while, looking for a ray of sunlight that did not appear, I phoned Clint and said I had done my homework.
He said: “We got any chance?”
“This looks like a suicide mission to me.”
“I said it was a tough case.”
“Is that why the previous barrister dumped it?”
A pause. “What do you mean?”
“The trial's only three weeks away. Who did the bail hearing? The committal? Who advised on the plea? You applied for separate trials, right, and lost?”
A pause. “OK, OK, Legal Aid initially briefed Larry Parker. That wasn't my decision: I wasn't handling the matter back then.”
Larry Palmer was an off-the-shelf silk whose phenomenal self-belief was yoked to meagre ability. “And he applied for a separate trial?”
“Yup, which was refused.”
“So, what happened to Larry?”
“He snared a big drug importation trial and bailed out. Since then, I've been chasing approval from my bosses to brief you.”
Big drug importation trials were a gold mine for criminal defence barristers. Clients were loaded with money, for an obvious reason, and the trials ran for weeks. The temptation to jump ship was obviously too much for Larry. “Did you tell him he was already briefed in your matter?”
“Nope, I was happy to let him go. Truth be told, he's a lazy bastard and I really wanted you.”
Clint knew a legal team could only have one lazy bastard on it, and he'd reserved that comfy assignment for himself.
 I said. “Does this mean that Legal Aid will pay me at the Silk's Rate?”
A loud chuckle. “Don’t be silly. You'll get the Junior Counsel Rate.”
That was $1,100 a day, plus GST. “I'm amazed I'm still solvent.”
“You should be grateful. I've heard the government is going to cut the rates, again.”
“You're kidding?”
“Nope. It doesn't think crooks - sorry, alleged crooks - need representation.”
“Christ, and how many days of prep will you pay for?”
“Four.”
“Including a visit to the client in prison?”
“Yup.”
“In other words, I'll probably end up donating a week of my time.”
“That is your choice.”
“I have no choice when my client is facing 30 years behind bars,” I said pompously.
“Really? That doesn’t worry most of your learned friends. You'll only get four days' prep. Take it or leave it.”
“I'll take it, of course. But, out of curiosity, is Legal Aid acting for Murdoch as well?”
“Nope, he's instructed a private solicitor.”
“Who?”
“Mick Monaghan.”
Monaghan was a celebrity solicitor who often acted for prominent outlaw bikies. He charged a fortune. “Sounds like Murdoch was a far more successful crook than our boy.”
“That's no surprise. I’ve heard that Sergeants-at-Arms of major bikie gangs make a fortune selling drugs. Just a rumour, of course.”
“Who's Monaghan briefed?”
“He has spared no expense and briefed Murray Maher.”
I cringed slightly. Maher was a leading light of the Sydney criminal bar and would be a formidable opponent. But my main concern was that Patricia Ransome chose him over me. It was highly unlikely that she told Maher about our relationship. But dealing with him during the trial would re-open a painful chapter in my life.
I did not intend to turn the trial into a grudge match. It would be draining enough without making it personal. Of course, if my client was acquitted, I might gloat at Maher's expense. But, right now, that was a remote possibility far in the future.
I said: “Interesting. What do you think of Maher?”
“I haven't briefed him, of course. Legal Aid can’t pay his rate. But I've seen him around. His strength is his charm and his weakness is his charm."
Clint usually wore a mask of indifference. But he was an acute observer of the passing parade.
I said: “I agree. So, where’s our boy eating prison food?”
“Long Bay.”
“Murdoch is also behind bars?”
“Of course. He's in Silverwater. The bail judge thought they should have separate accommodation.”
“Smart move. When do you want to visit our guy?”
“What about next week - maybe Wednesday morning?”
I checked the diary on my desk. “I'm available. I'll pick you up in my car.”
“Fine, I'll make the arrangements and be in touch.”
“Great. So, what's our client like?”
“If he wasn't charged with murder, I'd say he's a nice guy. But I'll withhold judgement until that’s sorted out.”
“Hah.” 
“Wait till you see him. His nickname is ‘Big Terry’.”
“Is that ironic?”
“Nope, totally un-ironic.”
“You mean, he is a big guy?”
“Huge. He didn't need a pistol to kill George Curtis; he could have done it with his hands, maybe even his pinkies.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

On Wednesday morning, Clint and I entered the Visitors’ Block of Long Bay Prison and were shown into an interview room. Five minutes later, a prison guard led our client, Terry Boland, through the door. Boland was big enough to enter through a wall if he wanted. He wore a prison-issue olive-green tracksuit and white sandshoes.
His voice was ordinary size. “Hi, I'm Terry Boland.”
I offered my hand with some trepidation. “Hello, Brad Norton, your barrister.”
A crushing handshake. “Good to meet you.”
The guard said: “Keep the door open and yell when you've finished.”
Clint said: “Will do.”
The guard disappeared and we all sat around a small Formica table on which lots of initials and sex organs were scratched.
I studied Boland more closely. A handsome head sat on sloping shoulders with no neck for a rope. A tattooed serpent was wrapped around his right arm.
I said: “Alright, I've read the witness statement that Clint prepared. But there are some matters I want to discuss. Let's start with the time you robbed a service station with a knife. You'd just got out of a juvenile detention facility, correct?”
“Yeah, I had no job and no money; I was living on the street and got desperate, so I robbed a servo. Dunno who was more scared: me or the Indian guy behind the counter. He gave me a couple of hundred bucks and I ran away. Only got three blocks before the cops grabbed me.”
“You spent three years inside for that?” 
“Yes.”
“And got out two years ago?” 
“Yep.”
“Did you get a job after you were released?”
A grimace. “I was a night-stacker at a supermarket - shit job; shit wage.”
“And you lived on your own?”
“Yeah, I rented a tiny apartment - a dump, really.”
“No girlfriend?”
A shrug. “Couldn't afford one.”
“When did you first meet Gary Murdoch?”
“Soon after I got out of the jar. I met some Chieftains inside. They told me to contact Gary when I got out, and that's what I did. Gary sorta took me under his wing and introduced me to other club members. I loved the whole scene. I had a shit upbringing and the Chieftains were the first family I ever had. They were always there for me; they cared.”
“So, you got on well with Murdoch?”
“Yeah, I thought he was a cool guy and he seemed to like me. We were both single, so we lifted weights and rode around together.”
“Is that all?”
A squint. “What do you mean?”
“Sergeants-at-Arms are responsible for discipline?”
“Correct. He sometimes had to pull club members into line or make them hand back their patches.”
“You helped him do that?”
“Yeah. But we didn’t have to beat people up, much. We were big enough to frighten the shit out of them. When we turned up, they did what they were told.”
“He also sold drugs?”
“Yeah, mostly ice. He bought it from labs out west and sold it to dealers. He made a lot of money doing that.”
“Did you helped him?”
A wary look. “I didn't want to get involved in that scene - it's pretty scary. But, sometimes, I made deliveries or picked up money for him, that's all. I was tired of stacking shelves and needed the dough. He wanted me to do more, but I hung back.” A chuckle. “That did me no good. He shot the shit out of George Curtis and I ended up charged with murder, anyway.” 
He was probably telling the truth. If he was a big player in the ice business, he would have instructed a private solicitor instead of relying on Legal Aid. He was a follower, not a leader. Maybe that was why Murdoch befriended him.
 “OK, now tell me what happened on the day of the shooting. Take your time and leave nothing out.”
He nodded and basically repeated what I had read in his witness statement. He explained how Murdoch phoned him at his apartment and asked if he wanted to go to the Chieftains’ Clubhouse for a drink. When Murdoch arrived to collect him, Murdoch said he wanted to visit the club president, George Curtis, to pick up some money.
“Did Murdoch tell you why Curtis owed him the money?”
“He said that Curtis bought a chopper and still had to pay for it.”
“What sort of relationship did they have?” 
“I thought it was pretty good until Gary shot him. I mean, Gary moaned about George sometimes, but Gary moaned about everyone. He probably moaned about me when I wasn’t around.”
“OK, keep going …”
Boland explained how Curtis met them at the front gate and took them through the front door into the living room.
“George Curtis's wife wasn't home, was she?” 
A laugh. “Nope. George beat up Veronica about a week before that. She got an AVO and went into hiding.”
“So, Curtis led you into the living room …” 
“Yep, then Gary asked for his money and George went into his study. He came back with a fat envelope and threw it to Gary.”
“The prosecution claims that you and Murdoch forced Curtis to open a safe in the study and you robbed it?”
“Total bullshit. We never went near the study.”
“A wall-safe in the study was found open.”
“So what? Gary must have opened it to get the money and left it open.”
“OK. You said George Curtis threw a fat envelope to Gary. What happened after that?”
“George sat down. Then Gary asked George how much was in the envelope and George said $10,000. Gary looked pissed and said George owed him $20,000 for the chopper. George told Gary to 'Fuck off'. Shit, that was a big mistake. Gary's face went red. He pulled out a pistol and screamed: 'No, you fuck off, you fucker’.”
“OK, keep going …”
“When George saw the pistol, his face said: 'Oh, shit'. Then, Gary shot him in the chest: bam, bam, bam. George jiggled around on the couch and went to sleep. Adios George.”
“Did you know Murdoch was carrying a pistol?”
“No.”
“Did you know he owned one?”
“Yeah, I mean, he showed me one a couple of times and I knew he carried it around sometimes. But I didn’t think he was carrying it that day. I thought we were just going to the clubhouse for a drink.”
His defence depended on him claiming he did not know Murdoch was carrying a pistol and therefore was not involved in a joint criminal enterprise. We were over that hurdle.
I said: “So, you got a big shock when he pulled it out and started shooting?”
“Fuckin’ oath. I mean, one minute they were yelling at each about money, and the next Gary thinks he's Billy the Kid and puts three into George's chest. I couldn't believe how much blood came out. It was everywhere. It was like a movie.” 
“Do you think he only shot Curtis over the money or was there another reason?”
“I keep wondering about that.” 
 “Why?”
“After he shot George, I said: 'Jesus, why the fuck did you do that?' and he said: 'The cunt had it coming’. He spoke like there was some bad blood between them.” 
“But you don't know what it was?” 
“Nope. I've picked my brain and got nowhere.” 
“Then, you both ran away?” 
“Yup.”
“Did you know there was a CCTV camera above the front door?”
A smile. “I saw it every time I visited. But I didn't think about it right then. Gary didn’t either. He'd just shot someone and we wanted to get the hell out of there as fast as possible.” 
I said: “You understand, don’t you, that he will claim that you shot George Curtis?”
Our client balanced his chair on two legs and made it groan. “Yeah, I understand. Clint told me that. That’s a lie.” A loud sigh. “You know, I thought he was a mate.”
“Nobody's your mate when they're facing 30 years behind bars.” 
“I guess so. The Chieftains have a motto: 'Cut one of us and we all bleed'. Sounds like bullshit now.”
“It was always bullshit. You just didn't realise that.”
Our client tortured the chair further. “I guess so. So, what are my chances?”
It is always hard to tell a client that he is in deep trouble without looking like you're waving a white flag. However, I explained why it was difficult for defendants to win acquittals when they ran cut-throat defences. “It’s even harder when they’re bikies.”
“People don't like us, do they?”
“You're not exactly cute and cuddly.”
“So, I'm in a tough spot?” 
“Very.” 
“You think I should plead guilty?”
“That's an option.” 
“If I do, how long will I spend behind bars?”
“Maybe 15 to 20 years.”
A shake of the head. “No way. I did nothing wrong. I'm not going to sit around in the jar for that long, knowing I’m innocent.”
 “I understand. We'll do our best, I promise.” I rose and hit the button that summoned the guard. “We'll see you at the trial.”
When the guard arrived, Clint and I shook hands with Boland, who was led away.

Clint and I had decided that, while in the western suburbs, we would visit the crime scene to get a feel for it. It only took me 20 minutes to drive, under a slate-grey sky, from Silverwater Prison to the mansion. Even in a suburb full of monstrosities, it stood out like a sore thumb. It had sooty white bricks, dark-brown hacienda shutters, Moorish arches, Doric columns and concrete balustrades. Maybe Murdoch sold drugs to the architect. A high wall topped with razor wire ran around the perimeter and iron bars protected every window. It was a fortress sitting on a McMansion base. However, as George Curtis discovered, heavy security did not protect against friends.
I parked against the curb and we climbed out. A big real-estate agency sign said: “For Sale”.
Clint looked at the house. “I bet the architect is keeping quiet about this one. Curtis’s tax return said he was a professional floor tiler. That wouldn’t have paid for this baby.”
Clint had contacted the local cop shop to arrange for someone to let us into the house. A thin uniformed officer was lounging near the front gate. We exchanged greetings. He identified himself as Senior Constable Castle.
I said: “Anybody living here right now?” 
He smiled. “Nope, the wife disappeared before the murder and hasn't come back. She says the place gives her the creeps. That’s why she’s selling it.”
He unlocked the metal-grill front gate and led us down a short concrete path that bisected a hyper-green artificial lawn. The front door was sandwiched, like an after-thought, between two huge garage doors. Its solid oak frame was probably intended to protect against drive-by shootings. A CCTV camera sat above the lintel.
The Senior Constable used a key to release electric deadbolt locks and pushed open the door. He led us into a huge entrance hall with a pink marble floor and pendulous chandelier. I'd been on railway platforms with more personality. As we climbed the curved marble stairs, the cop trailed behind us.
Clint said: “God, I hope I don't die in a place like this.”
The cop said: “What's wrong with it?”
“It's horrible.” 
“Really? I kinda like it. Be expensive to keep warm, though.” 
George Curtis and his wife were childless. However, the upstairs floor had five bedrooms, each with an en-suite bathroom and a fake balcony. No books or paintings cluttered the walls. Just huge mirrors for preening. The main bedroom had a massive reproduction Tudor bed, with a canopy and curtains, and doll-house furniture blown up to life size. 
After wandering around the upper floor for ten minutes, we returned to the landing. I said: “OK, let's see where the shooting occurred.”
We went downstairs and crossed the entrance hall into the massive living room. Glass-topped coffee tables, onyx statues and bright leather furniture gave it a cheap-bordello vibe. A massive flat-screen TV dominated the main wall; the emblem of the Chieftains Motorcycle Club - a Cherokee Indian in profile - was the feature of a huge stained-glass window. 
George Curtis met his death on a yellow-leather couch. My brief contained several police photographs of his corpse slumped on the couch, head thrown back, brutal face turned strangely placid. They showed his wife-beater singlet was saturated in blood. His plate-armour muscles had offered no protection against three bullets. 
I bent down and studied the couch. Someone had washed away the blood. But three tightly spaced bullet holes pocked the back. 
The cop said: “Nice grouping huh?”
I looked at him. “What?”
“Nice grouping. All the bullet holes are close together. That's good shooting.”
I shrugged. “He was shot at almost point-blank range.”
A shrug. “So what? It’s hard to shoot someone three times in the chest. The shooter has to keep his nerve. That's not easy.” 
“Really? Have you ever shot someone?” 
A sigh. “I'm afraid not.”
Jesus, how long before he blew away the wrong person? “Thanks for your input.”
“A pleasure. Which one do you reckon shot him?”
Clint said: “Well, it wasn't our client.”
A chuckle. “You would say that, wouldn't you?”
I stood up straight. “OK, we’d better check out the study.”
We all filed into the study and inspected the wall-safe, empty and still open. According to the prosecution, Boland and Murdoch forced George Curtis to open the safe and then shot him. But Boland claimed Curtis open the safe voluntarily to take out the bundle of money he gave to Murdoch for the motorbike. Nothing in the study indicated which version was true. 
The cop said: “Ready to go?”
“Yes.” 
The cop led us out to the front gate and shook our hands. “Good luck. You're gonna need it.” 
I turned to Clint. “Can I buy you lunch?”
“I thought you would never ask.”
I took Clint to a noisy Malaysian restaurant in Cabramatta, where he scoffed roti like a serious addict. He was probably bingeing in the absence of his wife.
Afterward, I paid the bill and drove us back towards the city.
He said: “I know this trial will be an uphill struggle, but I'd love to win it."
“Why?”
“It'll probably be my last murder trial.”
“How come?'
“I'm going to retire in a couple of months.”
That was a kick in the guts. I enjoyed working with Clint, despite his laziness and the miserly rate that Legal Aid paid. He was smart and calm.  Few people did nothing with so much panache.
I said: “I'll miss you.”
“Thanks. But it's time to ease back.”
Christ, if he eased back any further, he would be cremated. Why did he want to sit at home doing nothing when he could get paid to do that? “Your call.”
“So, try to give me a good send-off.”
“That will be hard.”
“You’ll think of something.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

I spent the two weeks before the trial digging through my brief for forensic advantages, making cross-examination notes and planning jury addresses. I also crammed as many of the facts into my brain as possible. When that got hard, I tamped them down and tried to squeeze in more. On the Friday evening before the trial, my mental cogs stopped whirring. Time to down tools and forget about the trial. I would clear my head over the weekend.
On Saturday, I went on a five-hour bicycle ride south to the Royal National Park and back; on Sunday, I went for another long ride around the Eastern Suburbs. I hoped those efforts would tire my nervous system. They did. On Sunday night, I slept quite well. Nerves only snipped about 30 minutes off my usual quota. 
The next morning, I forced some breakfast into a tight stomach and caught a train to the city. At my desk, I scanned the Supreme Court website and saw that the trial would be held in the Darlinghurst Courthouse before Justice Sam Elman. I liked “Silent Sam”. He was smart and polite. Did his job with quiet efficiency. The trial would be difficult enough. At least, the judge would not make it worse.
I pulled my bar bag out of a cupboard and packed my brief and court attire inside. Then, I paced around, mentally running through my opening address to the jury.
I felt dreadfully nervous before my first two murder trials. This time, I felt slightly better. Maybe, if I reached ten, I would feel half-human.
Soon after 9 a.m., Clint Andersen wandered into my room pulling a large trolley bag holding his copy of the defence brief. “Morning, ready for action?”
I tried to look calm. “Chomping at the bit.” 
“Good. I see we've got Sam Elman.” 
“I saw that. I like Sam. Very competent."
“Agree. Ready to go?”
“Yup.” I grabbed my bar bag and slung it over my shoulder. It was ridiculously heavy. Maybe I should accept my physical decline and use a trolley bag, like Clint.
We went downstairs and hailed down a taxi which soon deposited us outside the mock-classical façade of the Darlinghurst Courthouse. We went through a side door and down into the prisoner holding area. A Sheriff's Officer led us through a couple of metal gates to an interview room where Terry Boland sat on a plastic chair, clean-shaven and wearing a cheap blue court-attendance suit.
The officer left, and Clint and I exchanged greetings with our client.
We leaned against a wall and I asked our client if he had any questions.
His smile had developed a few cracks. “Yeah, what are my chances?”
“Not good, I’m afraid. But anything can happen in a trial.” 
A shrug. “Fair enough.”
I described the standard procedure on the first day of a trial and told him to stay calm. “Don’t smile or laugh, OK, and don't get angry.”
He nodded. “Gotcha.”
“Good. We'll see you upstairs.”
Clint and I left the holding area and circled around to the front of the building. A couple of television cameras hovered under our noses as we passed through the main portico into a small foyer. 
The murder trial would be held in Courtroom 2. I strolled down the aisle towards the mahogany bar table. Plenty of murder trial groupies sat in the public gallery, waiting for their free entertainment. The press box bulged with about 15 reporters. The Judge’s Associate was arranging her boss’s papers on the bench.
A roly-poly barrister sat on the prosecution side of the bar table, staring into space; his female instructing solicitor sat at a small table behind him, shuffling papers. Malcolm Friedrich of Senior Counsel was definitely one of the best Crown Prosecutors with whom I had jousted. He was delightful company outside a courtroom. I loved having a beer with him. However, he was grim and relentless inside one. The “Killer Koala” didn’t miss a trick and never gave an inch. 
I slung my bag on the bar table. “Morning, Malcolm.”
“Morning Brad. I heard you were the patsy. You’ve got a tough week ahead of you.”
I feigned surprise. “Tough? Why?”
A broad smile creased chubby cheeks. “Mmm, let me see: I'm prosecuting two defendants - outlaw bikies, no less - who will run cut-throat defences. I can't believe I'm getting paid to do this. This morning, my wife kept asking me why I was giggling.” 
My cavalier smile felt heavy. “Please stay overconfident. It will be your downfall.”
“You're grasping at straws, though I can't blame you.” 
I felt obliged to test the unfriendly water. “Look, umm, if I can persuade my man to plead guilty to, say, manslaughter, will you drop the murder charge?”
A raised eyebrow. “Do you have instructions to put that offer?”
“Not yet. I’m putting a hypothetical.”
“Then let me tell you hypothetically that, if he pleads guilty, it will be to murder.”
I expected that response. His job would be a lot easier if both defendants ran cut-throat defences. Why let one loose and destroy that symmetry? I shrugged. “So be it. I’ll follow Napoleon’s advice …”
A grin. “What's that?”
“Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.”
He chuckled. “How many trials did Napoleon win?"
I fished my court attire out of my bar bag and slipped it on. Then I pulled out the three folders containing my brief and set them up on the bar table. As I did, I contemplated the day ahead and my nerves returned. I'd just finished building a neat row of folders when I heard Malcolm Friedrich mutter, "Ah, here comes the World's Greatest Barrister".
I turned and saw Murray Maher bound into the courtroom and head towards the bar table, his bouffant wig perched on bouffant hair and his silk gown flapping with cat-walk elegance. The expression on his handsome features said the show could now begin.
I last saw him, several months ago, when he emerged from Patricia Ransome’s apartment block. Soon afterward, she chose his company rather than mine. That memory produced a twinge of anger, which quickly subsided. Maher did not deliberately cause me pain. He did not know I was seeing Patricia, and probably still did not know. In any event, I had to focus on the murder trial. That would not be hard. The tunnel mouth was approaching fast.  
Walking just behind Maher was his instructing solicitor, Mick Monaghan, and a female junior solicitor pushing a metal trolley laden with folders. Monaghan was a hard-faced man wearing a pinstripe suit, black mobster shirt and luminous green tie. He was a ‘celebrity solicitor’ who often represented high-end drug-dealers and prominent bikies like Murdoch. I sometimes saw him on the evening news, publically defending a client. Most recently, he stood on the steps of a courthouse - with a fat, leather-clad bikie chief beside him - and waved his finger at a gaggle of news reporters. “This prosecution is a disgrace. Mr Blake is not a drug dealer. He runs a social club for motorbike fans, and devotes a huge amount of his time and money to help underprivileged children. He’s innocent of the charges against him.” 
Many criminal defence solicitors end up looking and behaving like their clients. Monaghan was a textbook example. He looked like a thug and was widely rumoured to bribe witnesses, script defences and deliver brown-paper bags stuffed with cash to the right cops. Of course, Murray Maher did not engage in such shenanigans. He just turned up to charm jurors.
However, Monaghan's career was not all smooth sailing. His clients paid him big money to obtain acquittals and were poor sports when convicted. I'd heard on the grapevine that several disgruntled outlaw bikies recently broke into his home, and tortured and robbed him. He did not complain to the cops. That would have hurt his business.
Maher reached the bar table and turned his prow of a nose towards me. He really was a handsome dude and well knew it. Though high above me in the Bar's caste system, he was always pleasant. “Morning, Brad. You’re appearing for Boland, right?”
“Yes.”
“Then I guess you’re my real enemy.”
I smiled back. “I’m sorry it’s come to this.”
A laugh. “So am I.”
While he fussed around, setting up folders on his zone of the bar table, half-a-dozen bikies sporting beards, mullets and tattoos appeared in the public gallery. Their presence was bad for the defendants. They reminded the jurors that bikies did not have regular jobs.
A slim woman in a plain red dress entered the public gallery and sat a few rows behind the Crown Prosecutor. She was about thirty, with high cheekbones and big eyes. She would have looked beautiful if a spark of life animated her features.
I nudged Clint and pointed. “Who's that?”
He glanced at the woman and smiled. “You don't recognise her?”
“No.”
“That's Veronica Curtis, the widow of the George Curtis.”
“How do you know?”
“When we visited the crime scene, there was a photograph of her and George Curtis on a sideboard.” 
“Oh, I didn't see it. Well spotted.”
“Thanks.” 
“He beat her up, a week before he died, and she went into hiding. Why’s she here? To grieve for him or dance on his grave?”
A grin. “She’s not wearing black.”
A minute later, at 10 a.m., an unseen Tipstaff rapped three times on the door behind the bench and the Court Officer ordered everyone to rise. As we did, the door opened. The Tipstaff appeared in a frock coat and carrying a white staff tipped with a gold crown. He led the Judge to his chair. 
Justice Sam Elman looked unimpressive. A ragged wig hovered above a spongey face, and his small frame seemed lost inside his scarlet robe. On the bench, he looked like he was watching a dull television show with the sound off. Everyone forgot his presence until he asked a question or made a remark that tore the cloak off an issue and pierced right to its heart. Then he became the smartest guy in the courtroom. If I became a judge, I would adopt his style and season it with a few jokes.
He sat in his chair and greeted the three barristers at the bar table. Then, he looked at Malcolm Friedrich. “Mr Crown, I see from the indictment that the defendants are charged with murder.”
Malcolm said: “That's correct, your Honour.”
“Who is appearing for them?”
I rose and said I appeared for the first defendant; Murray Maher did the same for the second defendant.
 “Thank you, gentlemen. Is everyone ready? Should the defendants be brought up?” 
Everyone at the bar table said they should.
“Good.” The Judge looked at a beefy Sheriff's Officer loitering near the dock. “Officer, please bring them up.” 
The officer entered the dock, which had Perspex glass wrapped around it, and trotted down the stairs inside it. A minute later, the two defendants appeared with two Sheriff's Officers shadowing them. 
They sat at opposite ends of the dock, avoiding eye contact. Both wore cheap suits and synthetic ties. However, Terry Boland won the beauty contest by default. His regular features and well-combed hair made him appear angelic beside Murdoch, who had a shaven skull and facial features that didn't fit together. Murdoch also had a savage scar on his right cheek and a swastika tattoo on his neck that screamed: “convict me”. His eyes never stopped glaring.
The Judge turned to the Court Officer. “Alright, bring in the jury panel and we'll see whose lives we can ruin today.” 
The Court Officer shot out through a side door and returned with 20 civilians who were corralled together in the public gallery. A ballot system was used to choose the jury. Several of those chosen asked the Judge to excuse them from jury duty. Only a few succeeded. Maher and I also weeded out several grumpy looking individuals with peremptory challenges. Eventually, 12 citizens had the dubious honour of forming a jury.
The Judge asked his Associate to arraign the defendants and I signalled for Boland to stand, which he did. The Associate read out the murder charge and asked him how he pleaded.
Boland looked the Judge in the eye. “Not guilty”. 
The Associate repeated the dose with Murdoch, who entered the same plea.
The Judge turned to the jurors. “Members of the jury, you will have to decide whether the evidence proves, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the two defendants murdered Mr George Curtis at his home in Campsie on 2 October last year.” The Judge explained to the jurors their role in the trial and the main ingredients of the charges against the defendants. “You will now hear the opening address of the Crown Prosecutor.”
Malcolm Friedrich put his notes on a portable lectern and turned to the jury. “We are here because, on 2 October, last year, George Curtis was shot dead in his house in Campsie. He was the President of the Chieftains Motorcycle Club, a notorious bikie gang, and had a long criminal history.
“The two defendants were members of that club. The prosecution alleges that, at about 2.30 p.m. on 2 October, they arrived on their motorcycles at the home of George Curtis. Mr Curtis was the only person in the house. He met the defendants at the front gate and escorted them inside. 
“Mr Curtis had a wall-safe in the study next to the living room. When the police arrived at the scene, soon after the shooting, they found it open and empty. The prosecution alleges that the defendants forced Mr Curtis to open the safe. They stole the contents and took him back into the living room, where they forced him to sit on the couch. One of them shot him three times in the chest, killing him outright.
“Both defendants then ran from the house, jumped onto their motorcycles and rode away. They were only in the house for about five minutes.
“Unfortunately for them, a CCTV camera above the front door filmed them arrive at the house and, five minutes later, flee the house. You will be shown that footage.
“There is obviously no footage of what happened inside the house. While it is absolutely clear that one of the defendants shot Mr Curtis three times in the chest, it is not clear which one did it. However, the prosecution does not need to tell you who fired the shots. You do not need to know that. The prosecution only has to show that the defendants entered the house with the joint intention of either killing Mr Curtis or robbing him with violence. If you are satisfied, beyond a reasonable doubt, that they shared that intention, you must convict both - I repeat, both - of murder, even if you have no idea who pulled the trigger.
 “The prosecution says the evidence will clearly show that they had that joint intention. In particular, I note that they arrived at the house together and Mr Curtis was shot dead within a few minutes. Then they fled together. Neither called an ambulance or contacted the police. That evidence alone proves they had a joint intention to commit a criminal act. However, the clincher is the wall-safe in the study. When the police arrived, they found it open and empty. It is obvious that the defendants forced George Curtis to open it and they stole the contents, whatever they were.”
The Prosecutor spent a couple of hours summarizing the evidence of every witness he intended to call and explaining how it helped prove the defendants were guilty. Then he sat down.
Counsel for the defendants could now outline their clients' defences to the jury. By chance, Terry Boland’s name appeared first on the indictment sheet. I was therefore entitled to speak first.
I sucked in a deep breath, rose to my feet and made eye-contact with several jurors. “Good morning. My name is Brad Norton. I appear for the first defendant, Terry Boland. His stance in this trial is very simple: he did not murder George Curtis; he is innocent of the charge against him. He accepts that he and Gary Murdoch went to see George Curtis on the day of the shooting. However, he had no idea there might be violence. Gary Murdoch phoned him at about 2 p.m. and suggested they go to the Chieftains' Clubhouse for a drink. They met up outside Terry Boland’s apartment. When they did, Murdoch explained that George Curtis owed him some money for a motorcycle and he wanted to visit Curtis to collect it. Mr Boland agreed to go with him. He had absolutely no idea that Murdoch was carrying a pistol or there might be a dispute over the money; he thought they were just making a social visit.
“George Curtis met them at the front gate of his house and led them to the living room. Later in this trial, Mr Boland will get into that witness box over there …” - I pointed dramatically at the relevant item of furniture - “ … and tell you that, when they reached the living room, Murdoch asked for his money. George Curtis went into the study, opened the wall safe and returned a short time later with a bulky envelope containing $10,000. A dispute broke out between Curtis and Murdoch about how much was owed: Murdoch claimed he was owed $20,000; Curtis claimed it was only $10,000. The dispute escalated. Murdoch angrily pulled out a pistol and shot Curtis dead.
“Mr Boland was shocked. As I said, until then, he had no idea that Murdoch was armed or there might be an argument. Of course, he should have contacted the police and ambulance service, and waited until they arrived. He didn't. He was in shock; he had just seen a man shot dead; the murderer had a pistol and was standing beside him; the police might not have accepted his version of events. Fear and panic made him flee the scene with Murdoch.
“As regards the open safe, that is easily explained. Curtis obviously opened it when he took out the envelope containing $10,000 that he gave to Murdoch and did not bother to close it. There was no robbery.
“The Crown Prosecutor rightly said that you can only convict the defendants of murder if he establishes, beyond a reasonable doubt, that they jointly intended to kill or to rob with violence. Mr Boland had no such intention. He is innocent of the charge against him.”
I desperately wanted to raise Murdoch's criminal record, but could not until he got into the witness box and accused my client of murder. Only when he trod on that tripwire would he lose his character shield.
I sat down and Malcolm Maher climbed to his feet. He delicately adjusted his wig, elegantly arranged the drape of his silk gown and smiled enticingly at the jury. I wondered if there was a school for barristers I did not know about.
I knew that he would accuse my client of shooting George Curtis, but did not know the details. I soon found out. In a smooth tone, Maher outlined to the jury a defence that was almost the mirror image of my client’s. He claimed that, at about 2 p.m. on the day of the shooting, Gary Murdoch phoned Terry Boland and suggested they visit the Chieftains' clubhouse for a drink. They agreed to meet outside Boland's apartment. When they did, Terry Boland said that he wanted to visit George Curtis to pick up some money he was owed for a motorcycle. Murdoch agreed and they rode over to Curtis's mansion. Curtis met them at the front gate and took them into the living room. After ducking into the study, Curtis gave Terry Boland an envelope containing $10,000. Curtis and Boland argued about whether Curtis owed Boland $10,000 or $20,000. Boland got angry, pulled out a pistol and shot Curtis dead.
Maher stood with a hand on the lectern and the other on his hip. He spoke with a faint Oxbridge accent, despite having been educated at a grittier university. “Boland's behaviour was, of course, a complete shock to Mr Murdoch, who thought they were making a friendly visit to collect some money that Boland was owed. Mr Murdoch had no idea that Boland was armed, and it never crossed his mind that Boland and Curtis might argue over the money or that Boland might start shooting. Unfortunately, he was in the wrong place at the wrong time when Boland went crazy with a pistol. 
“Of course, after the shooting, Mr Murdoch should have hung around and talked to the police. But he feared being falsely accused and panicked. Who can blame him for that? However, I am sure that, after you have heard all of the evidence, you will acquit him of the charge of murder. Thank you for your patience.”
As Maher sat down, what struck me was the symmetry of the two defences. They were basically the same, except that each defendant had slipped the other into the role of the guilty party.
Until now, the Judge had behaved like a judicial robot set to economy mode. He glanced at the clock and saw it was almost 4 p.m. “I see it's time to adjourn.” He turned to the jurors and asked for them to return the next morning before ten o'clock. “Please don't discuss this trial with anyone or do your own research on the internet. I know it’s very tempting to do that. But you must resist the urge. I now adjourn until tomorrow morning.”
The Judge asked the Sheriff's Officers to return the defendants to the cells and slipped off the bench with the minimum of fuss. As the defendants were removed from the dock, I took off my court attire and tossed it onto my chair. My attire and brief would be safe inside the courtroom until the trial resumed. 
The distance between the courthouse and my chambers was a couple of kilometres. A walk would help me relax and reset my brain. I turned to Clint. “I'm walking back to chambers. Want to join me?”
He grimaced. "Jesus, it's a long way and I'm growing old.”
He would only have to walk half the distance I did to reach his office. “You need the exercise. Come on, join the simple and humble folk who walk from place to place." 
"I've never liked pedestrians."
"Come on, give it a try."
A sigh. “Oh, alright. I’ll leave my brief here. But, if I collapse, you'll have to carry me.”
"Of course I will," I lied.
We went out to Oxford Street, turned right and strode down the hill, past numerous seamy establishments waiting for the arrival of party animals, towards Hyde Park. A thought blossomed. As we passed a tattoo parlour, I turned to Clint. “You know, there’s something very interesting about the two defences.”
“What?”
“Their similarity. Both defendants agree that George Curtis argued with one of them in the living room about money and that argument escalated into a shooting. They only dispute who engaged in the argument and who shot Curtis.”
“So what?”
“That suggests they did not go to the mansion to kill or rob George Curtis. It was only after they arrived that a dispute broke out about money and one of them shot Curtis.” 
“Which means?”
“There probably was no joint enterprise to kill or rob. One of them is truly innocent of this dastardly crime.”
We passed a nightclub where waist-coated bouncers were setting up a velvet rope. He rubbed his chin. “Mmm, I see your point. In fact, I think you're right. However, that argument’s too subtle for the jurors. They’ll feast their beady eyes on the criminal records of the defendants and send them both to gaol.”
“You’re probably right.”
“I know I am. But it's an interesting insight. I guess that's why we pay you the big bucks.”
“You don't pay me big bucks.”
A shrug. “It's just an expression.”

That evening, in my apartment, I flopped onto the couch and ate a takeaway curry propped up my chest. I resisted the temptation to have a glass of wine. It would taste too good and I would need another.
After binning the empty tub, I watched a BBC wildlife documentary which, I vaguely recalled afterward, was set in Africa. Then, I watched the ABC Late News. The third item concerned my trial. Footage appeared of me walking into the courthouse with Clint. But the item focused almost exclusively on the Crown Prosecutor's opening address and ignored the defendants' rebuttals. Most viewers would assume, after watching it, that the defendants were guilty as hell. I couldn't blame them. I thought the same.





CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

The next morning, when the trial resumed, the public gallery was almost full and the widow of George Curtis sat in her customary place, still brightly clothed. However, the population of the press box had dwindled significantly. Reporters usually only appeared at a trial for the prosecutor’s opening address and the jury verdict. The period between was a dead zone.
The Judge invited the Crown Prosecutor to open the prosecution case. Malcolm Friedrich started by playing, on a big screen overhanging the jury box, the CCTV footage of the defendants arriving at the mansion and, five minutes later, leaving in great haste. Their heavy leather jackets made it impossible to tell who carried the pistol or anything taken from the mansion.
The Prosecutor’s opening witness was the first police officer to arrive at the murder scene. Senior Constable Brian Judd was in his mid-forties, with a long jaw and morose eyes. He explained that a neighbour phoned the Crimestoppers Hotline to report the sound of gunshots. Judd and his partner, patrolling the area in a marked car, were dispatched to the scene. They arrived and found the front gate and front door of the mansion wide open; they entered the living room, pistols drawn, and found Curtis lying on the couch covered in blood, obviously dead. Judd summoned the Homicide Squad. Then he and his partner secured the scene. 
There was nothing controversial about his evidence, and Murray Maher and I did not bother to cross-examine him. The big rounds in this fight would arrive when our clients climbed into the witness box.
The forensic pathologist was, once again, Professor Marilyn Ho, who looked frocked up for a royal garden party. She added a touch of glamour to our tawdry proceedings.
She confirmed that three 9mm bullets pierced the heart and lungs of George Curtis, and killed him “almost instantly”. The angle of impact indicated the shooter stood directly in front of Curtis, who was sitting down. Once again, there was no cross-examination.
Her high heels clattered on the timber floor as she strode elegantly towards the rear door. I was relieved that I would not have to attack her in my closing address. The jurors would not like it.
The head of the forensic investigation team which examined the crime scene followed her into the witness box. Inspector Arthur Drake was a dainty man in a well-cut blue uniform. His team reached the mansion about three hours after the shooting, and spent two days filming and photographing, bagging and tagging. While the Inspector sat in the witness box, the jurors were shown a thirty-minute movie that he shot of the living room, with the corpse in situ, and the study. The Crown Prosecutor also got him to authenticate a sheaf of crime scene photographs and three spent bullets nestling in a clear-plastic evidence bag.
The Prosecutor said: “Where do those bullets come from?”
“I dug them out of the couch after the body was removed.”
The photographs and bullets were tendered without objection and handed to the Jury Foreperson, who passed them around.
The evidence of the Inspector shed no light on which defendant actually shot George Curtis. Once again, neither Maher nor I bothered to cross-examine.
The trial heated up when the next witness was called. Sergeant Brian Morris was a ballistics expert who wore wire spectacles on his bull-dog face. He said that the bullets recovered from the back of the couch were 9mm rounds coated with traces of George Curtis’s DNA.
The Prosecutor said: “Has the murder weapon been recovered?”
“Not so far as I am aware.”
The Prosecutor sat and looked a little surprised when I got to my feet.
The Judge said: “You want to cross-examine, Mr Norton?”
“Yes, your Honour.”
“Please proceed.”
I turned to the witness. “Sergeant, the deceased was shot three times in the chest, correct?”
“Yes.”
“The entry points are close together?"
"Yes."
"That is a good grouping?”
The Sergeant twirled his glasses. “You mean, did the shooter aim well?”
“Yes.”
A nod. “Yes, he did. The victim was shot from close range. But, even from that range, the shooter needed what we call ‘quiet hands’ to get that sort of grouping.” 
“In other words, he was an experienced shooter?"
“Either that, or he got very lucky.”
I sat down and the Judge looked across at Murray Maher. “Any cross-examination, Mr Maher?”
Maher spent several seconds chewing over the implications of my cross-examination, wondering what trap I was laying. However, he was too smart to ask questions just for the sake of it. He shook his head. “No, your Honour.”
The next witness was the head of the murder investigation, Detective Superintendent Bruce Fowler from the Homicide Squad, who had the lank hair, razor-sharp part, beaky nose and intense expression of someone with God on his side.
The Prosecutor led him through his evidence. The detective explained how, within hours of the murder, Homicide Squad detectives reviewed the CCTV footage at the mansion and saw two bikies flee the scene. A detective from the Outlaw Bikies Taskforce identified the defendants. Detectives raided their apartments and found them vacant. They searched the apartments and did not find either the murder weapon or anything stolen from the Curtis mansion. 
Warrants were issued for the arrest of both men. A few days later, the police located Boland at his brother's house and Murdoch at a pub he frequented. Neither resisted arrest. Both refused to talk to the police.
When the Prosecutor had finished interrogating the Detective Superintendent, the Judge looked at me. “Any cross-examination, Mr Norton?”
I said: “Yes, your Honour.”
“Go ahead.”
I turned towards the witness. “Superintendent, the second defendant, Gary Murdoch, was the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Chieftains Motorcycle Club, wasn’t he?”
“That's right.”
“What is the role of a Sergeant-at-Arms in an outlaw motorcycle club?”
A smile. “They're enforcers. The president and executive committee of a club make the high-level decisions; the Sergeant-at-Arms makes sure those decisions are followed and members obey the by-laws of the club. They're also supposed to protect club members and club property from attack.”
“They often resort to violence?”
Another smile. “Sergeants-at-Arms are not chosen from the ranks of the meek and mild.”  Laughter rolled around the courtroom.
 “Did Gary Murdoch often resort to violence?”
“I have no first-hand knowledge. But I would be very surprised if he did not.”
I could not ask the detective about Murdoch's criminal record. Murdoch would not lose his character shield until he got into the witness box and accused my client of murder. However, I could raise the criminal record of George Curtis and was happy to do so. The less the jury liked the murder victim, the better. 
I said: “Mr Curtis had a criminal record, correct?”
“Yes, a long one.”
“Do you have a print-out of it?”
“I’ve got one in my briefcase, over there.” He pointed at a spot in the public gallery.
I looked at the Judge. “May the witness leave the witness box?”
“Yes.”
The detective retrieved his briefcase and fished out the print-out. “Got it.”
“Please read out Mr Curtis’s criminal record to the jury, slowly and clearly.”
The detective put on some reading glasses and did as requested. The criminal record he recited was very impressive, even for the president of an outlaw bikie gang. Curtis first entered prison at the age of 17. When he died, aged 48, he had been inside four times for a total of 15 years. His offences ranged from drug-trafficking to assault and rape.
When the detective finished, I said: “You’re aware, aren’t you, that George Curtis was once tried for murder and acquitted?”
“Yes.”
“During that trial, a key witness mysteriously disappeared, never to be seen again?”
“That’s right.”
“And George Curtis even managed, a week before his death, to be charged with assaulting his wife? She obtained an AVO order against him and went into hiding?”
Like many in the courtroom, I glanced at Veronica Curtis who sniffed dramatically into a handkerchief. I wondered, again, whose side she was on in this trial.
The policeman said: “That’s correct.”
“That is why he was alone in his mansion when the two defendants paid him a visit?”
“Yes.”
I told the Judge that I had finished my cross-examination and sat down. He asked Murray Maher if he had any questions. Maher rose to his feet and asked some more questions about George Curtis’s criminal record. Most duplicated mine and were unnecessary. However, he obviously wanted to look like he was earning his keep.
When he sat down, the judge asked the Crown Prosecutor if he had any more witnesses. Malcolm Friedrich said: “No, that is the prosecution case.” 
The defendant whose name was first on the indictment, Terry Boland, had to present his case first. The Judge looked at me. “Are you ready to open your client's case, Mr Norton?” 
“Yes, your Honour.” 
“Good.” He glanced at the clock. “It is almost four o'clock, so you can start tomorrow morning.” 
 He turned to the jurors and asked for them to return the next morning before ten o'clock. Once again he counseled them against talking to anyone about the trial or using the internet. Then he asked the Sheriff's Officers to return the defendants to the cells and shuffled off the bench. 
Before Terry Boland was removed, I took a few quick steps over to the dock and asked him if he had any questions.
“Yeah, how’re we doing?”
“Too early to say. You'll have to give evidence tomorrow morning. I'll speak to you downstairs, before the trial resumes."
A shrug. “OK, see you then.”
A Sheriff's Officer hustled him away and I found myself face-to-face with Murray Maher, who had just finished chatting with his client.
Maher rolled his eyes. “Murdoch still thinks he's got a chance. Our clients don't have a hope in hell. The jurors would convict them without hearing about their criminal records. They'll go nuts when they do. I've tried to explain that to Murdoch, but he just won't listen.” A smile. "Thank God we've got money in trust. That will soften the blow when he is convicted."
His solicitor, Mick Monaghan, loomed up beside him. “I won’t lift a finger unless there’s money in trust.”
"That's why I love dealing with you."
Maher and Monaghan would probably earn ten times as much as me. Even if they lost, they would win. I was tempted to grizzle about how little I would receive from Legal Aid, but that would excite their contempt.
I returned to the bar table and started tidying up my brief. As I did, Maher dropped into his chair and pulled out his phone. He punched in a number and waited for someone to answer. "… Hello, darling, do you still want to go out to dinner tonight? … Good. The trial has finished for today and I have to pop back to chambers. But I can see you at Oscars, at seven. That OK? … Great, I'll see you there."
Bloody hell. He was obviously talking to Patricia. I thought I had recovered from our relationship. I was wrong. Anger and bitterness rippled through me. My lungs seemed to collapse and my hands trembled. I sat and pretended to read a document in my brief. As I did, Maher terminated the call, climbed to his feet and strode from the court.
It took me a couple of minutes to regain my composure. The murder trial came to my rescue. I had no right to indulge in self-pity when my client faced 30 years behind bars. Patricia was gone from my life. The phone call I just heard confirmed that. Good riddance to her if she preferred Maher to me. I had to focus on the trial. 
I started thinking about what evidence I needed to extract from my client tomorrow morning and Patricia faded from my mind.









CHAPTER THIRTY

The next morning, I headed for the Darlinghurst Courthouse with considerable trepidation. I was about to open my client’s case and call him to give evidence. That would give him an excellent opportunity to self-destruct in the witness box. However, I had no choice. When two defendants run cut-throat defences, they both have to give evidence. A defendant who does not is committing forensic suicide. 
At about 9.30 a.m., Clint and I met with Terry Boland in a holding cell below the courthouse and I explained that I was about to open his case and he should give evidence. “In fact, you’re really got no choice.”
“Why?”
"If the jury only hears Murdoch’s side of the story that will be gold for him and disastrous for you.”
He nodded. “Gotcha. I wanta give evidence anyway. Gary claims I shot George. Total shit. I want to say my piece.”
“Good.” I inflicted on him my standard advice to witnesses: listen carefully to questions; admit when you don't understand one; don't get argumentative and don’t volunteer information.
He nodded. “Don't worry, I've given evidence before, you know.”
True, and been convicted every time. “OK. And for God sakes, when you’re asked about your criminal record, don't whine that you were wrongly convicted. You'll just annoy the jury. Accept you were a bad boy and move on.”
A surprisingly broad smile. “You're the boss.”
Clint and I went upstairs to the courtroom and waited for the trial to begin. When Murray Maher turned up, I barely noticed him. I was too busy worrying about how my client would perform in the witness box.
A few minutes later, when the Judge was safely ensconced in his chair and the defendants and jurors in place, the Judge looked at me. “Mr Norton, are you ready to open your client's case?”
“Yes, your Honour. I call Terence Boland to give evidence.”
An extra half-dozen Sheriff’s Officers had turned up to supervise the defendants giving evidence. One of them opened a small gate in the dock and Terry Boland stepped out. He crossed the well of the courtroom and sat in the witness box, which seemed to shrink around him.
He swore an oath to tell the truth and I asked him to state his name for the record, which he did. He would soon accuse Murdoch of shooting George Curtis and lose his character shield. It was better for him to divulge his criminal record now and look candid, rather than have it dragged out of him during cross-examination. So, I slowly extracted it from him and saw the jurors become increasingly agitated. Why weren't they told about these convictions earlier? Why were they being forced to sit through a long trial when this defendant, at least, was obviously guilt? I hoped, with little confidence, they would calm down.
Terry Boland's worst offence was robbing a service station with a knife.
I said: “Why did you rob it?”
“I’d just got out of juvie detention and was homeless and hungry. I know I shouldn't have done that - it was wrong. But I was pretty stupid back then.”
Attaboy. “You were arrested for that crime?”
“Yes, I pleaded guilty and a judge put me away for two years. I guess I deserved it.”
Well done. “Have you ever been charged with an offence that involved a firearm?”
“No.”
“Are you sure about that?”
He smiled. “Yeah, I don't really like them. They just get you into trouble - lots of it.”
Even some po-faced jurors laughed at that.
 “Alright, and while you were in prison, you met some members of the Chieftains Motorcycle Club?”
“That's right. They asked me to join up. So, when I got out, I rode around as a prospective member.”
“Why did you do that?”
A shrug. “I guess I never really had much of a family life and wanted to belong somewhere. They treated me like a brother.”
“You became a full member?”
“Yeah, I got my patch after about a year.”
“You first met Gary Murdoch shortly after you joined the Chieftains, correct?'
“That's right. I think we met at the clubhouse. Someone introduced us.”
“What sort of relationship did you have with him?”
“We got friendly and sometimes rode around together. I mean, he was a big deal in the Chieftains. I was kinda flattered that he liked me.”
“Bikie gangs have a reputation for engaging in criminal activity?”
“I know. But I didn't see any. Maybe I was too junior.”
That was hard to swallow. But what else could he say?
Using his witness statement as a guide, I got him to explain what happened on the day of the shooting. Extracting evidence from your own witness can be hair-raising. If he gets confused or forgets important facts, it is very hard to rescue him without being blatant about it. Your witness can drown, just beyond your reach, before he is even cross-examined. 
If Terry Boland stuffed up his evidence now, he would definitely go to gaol for several decades. However, he trotted out all of the important facts, correctly, without needing much prompting. He described how Gary Murdoch persuaded him to go to George Curtis's mansion to pick up some money that Murdoch was owed. When they got there, Curtis showed them into the living room. Then, Curtis went into the study and returned with a bulky envelope containing $10,000.
Terry Boland animatedly described how an argument broke out between Curtis and Murdoch over whether Murdoch was owed $10,000 or $20,000. George Curtis yelled “fuck off” and Gary Murdoch's face went red. “Gary pulled out a pistol and screamed: ‘No, you fuck off, you fucker.’ Then he shot George dead. Bang, bang, bang. George jiggled a bit and stopped moving.”
“How did you react?”
“I couldn't believe it. I said: ‘Jesus, why the fuck did you do that?’”
“What did he say?”
“He said: ‘The cunt had it coming.’”
“Did he explain what he meant by that?”
“No.”
“Do you know?”
“No.”
“What happened next?”
“I said: ‘Shit, let's get the fuck outa here.’”
“You said that?”
“Yeah, I was terrified. Terry had a pistol, so I didn’t wanta argue with him, and I was afraid the cops would accuse me of shooting George Curtis.”
“Why would they do that?”
“’Cos I was there when George got iced. The cops don't need a big excuse to charge you with murder when that happens. I mean, look where I am now.”
Titters floated out of the jury box to lift my mood. Hopefully, some jurors saw my client as a likeable rough diamond who turned his life around after committing numerous juvenile offences. However, I was not optimistic.
I said: “Did you know Murdoch was armed when you went with him to see George Curtis?”
“Nope, I had no idea. I thought we were going to pick up some money he was owed and head for the clubhouse. It was gonna be like a social visit.”
“Did you expect an argument between Murdoch and Curtis?”
“Of course not. I thought they were good mates.”
“What happened to the pistol after the shooting?”
“I dunno. Gary Murdoch tucked it away and we raced out the door. I didn't see it after that.”
“What happened to the money?”
“He tucked that away too, I guess. I never saw it again.”
“You knew there was a CCTV camera above the front door?"
“Of course. George loved boasting about his security and pointing at his cameras. I saw that one plenty of times."
I looked at the Judge. “No further questions, your Honour.”
The Crown Prosecutor was entitled to cross-examine Terry Boland before Murray Maher. Malcolm Friedrich rose and started biffing Boland about his criminal record. He forced him to recount each offence, particularly the armed robbery of the service station.
The Prosecutor said: “You used a knife to rob the service station, didn't you?”
“Yes.”
“So, you're happy to use violence to get your way.”
“No, I’m not. I wasn’t happy when I robbed the servo. In fact, I was bloody unhappy. That’s why I robbed it. And, I've never used a pistol.”  
“Bravo”, I said, under my breath.
Friedrich kept insisting that Terry Boland was prone to violence. Boland kept responding that he was “a pretty quiet guy” and “did not shoot George”. He became so comfortable that, at one point, he sighed and said: “Yes, I'm a bad guy, but I don't kill people. It's stupid and it's wrong.”
The Crown Prosecutor shifted his focus to the day of the murder, and asserted that Boland and Murdoch went to George Curtis’s house to rob and kill the occupant.
“That's not true.”
“You went there to steal the contents of his safe?”
Terry Boland sighed again. “Like I told you, we went there to pick up some money that George Curtis owed Gary Murdoch - that's all.”
“You’re aware, aren’t you, that the safe in the study was found open?”
“George must have opened it when he went to get the envelope with $10,000 inside it.”
The Prosecutor started to look exasperated, which is never smart. “In fact, you and Gary Murdoch forced George Curtis to open the safe at gunpoint, didn’t you?”
“No.”
“Then you took him back to the living room and one of you shot him.”
A puzzled expression. “You're way off beam. Gary shot him the way I explained.”
“Then you both fled the house together?”
“We left together, yeah. But I’m not sure what you mean with this ‘fled’ business.”
“You split up with Murdoch soon after you left the house, didn’t you?”
“Yes.”
“You didn't go to see the police?”
“I was too afraid, like I explained. I sorta freaked out.”
“And you didn't go home?”
“Correct.”
“Because you were afraid you'd be arrested?”
“I guess so.”
“In other words, you went into hiding?”
“That's your word. I was just, well, trying to work out what to do. So, I went to stay with my brother.”
“And that’s where the police found you?”
“Yeah. But what would you do in my position? I was in deep shit, even though I did nothing wrong.”
“You went into hiding because you had committed a murder, didn’t you?”
“Absolutely not.”
The Prosecutor informed the judge he had finished and sat down. 
The judge invited Murray Maher to cross-examine. The silk swished to his feet and rested a hand on the portable lectern, as if posing for an oil portrait, and rotated his handsome features towards the witness. 
He spent an hour badgering Terry Boland about his criminal record and repeatedly accused him of having a “propensity for violence”. The first time he did that, Boland asked what “propensity” meant, before denying it.
Maher moved on to the actual murder. “You sold a motorcycle to George Curtis, didn't you?”
“Nope.”
“And he did not pay for it?”
“You're deluded.”
“That's why you told Gary Murdoch you wanted to go and see George Curtis, isn't it - to collect the money?”
“Definitely not.”
“And, when you got there, George Curtis tried to short-change you and you got angry?”
“Totally wrong. That had nothing to do with me. Gary was owed the money; he went crazy and shot George.”
Maher was a good cross-examiner. He knew when to cajole, when to insult and when to bully; he laid good traps and pounced on mistakes. But all cross-examiners struggle when a witness knows his story and clings to it. Terry Boland performed better than I expected. After a nervous start, he looked comfortable and sometimes even bored.  It was hard to believe that the next three decades of his life hung in the balance.
Maher sensed he was making no inroads and lost some poise. His tanned features reddened. He kept angrily accusing Terry Boland of shooting George Curtis, and kept receiving a calm denial. The Judge sat like a lizard on a warm rock until he casually glanced at the wall clock. “Mr Maher, I notice it’s almost four o'clock; will your cross-examination last much longer?”
Maher seemed to wake from a trance. “I'm sorry, your Honour?”
“I see the time. Will your cross-examination last much longer?”
“About an hour or two, I expect.”
“Then I'll adjourn until tomorrow morning.” The Judge looked at the witness. “Mr Boland, please return to the dock.”
While Boland crossed the well of the courtroom, with several Sheriff's Officers shadowing him, Maher turned to his solicitor and stage-whispered. “I think my cross-examination is going well.”
Despite Maher’s boasting, I was pleased with Terry Boland's performance, so far. He hadn't talked his way to freedom, but hadn't self-destructed either. He was still in the game.
Boland sat in the dock and the Judge looked at the nearest Sheriff's Officer. “Please return the defendants to the cells.”
The officer told Boland and Murdoch to stand and head down the stairs inside the dock. As they shuffled towards the stairs, Murdoch glanced around the courtroom and smiled at someone. I tracked his gaze and saw he was looking at Veronica Curtis. She smiled back and blew him a kiss - a kiss. Jesus. I glanced back at Murdoch and saw, to my surprise, that true love had smudged his mean features. His face seemed to have a skin rash. Then he disappeared down the stairs.
While I ruminated on what I just saw, the Judge looked over at the jury box. “Members of the jury, this trial will resume at ten o'clock tomorrow morning. Please make sure you’re back here by then. I’ve already told you how to conduct yourselves outside of this courtroom. I now adjourn.”
The Judge rose and shuffled off the bench with his small retinue trailing behind him. When he disappeared, I turned towards Clint Andersen. “Did you see that?”
“See what?”
“Murdoch smiled at Veronica Curtis and she blew him a kiss.”
“No, I didn't. So what?”
“She blew a kiss to a man accused of murdering her husband.”
A shrug. “She obviously didn't like the bastard and probably feels grateful to Murdoch.”
“She showed Murdoch a lot more than gratitude: she blew him a kiss. She looked like she loves him.”
He scratched his jaw. “You think they had an affair at some stage?”
“Yes, and they're still having one.”
“So what? How does that help us?” He rose to his feet looking agitated. “I'm afraid I've got to get moving. It's my wife's birthday tomorrow. I've got to buy her a present before I catch the train home or she’ll put rat poison in my food. I don't have a moment to lose.”
I wanted to discuss what I just saw, but he had already uncoupled his wagon. I shrugged. “OK, see you tomorrow.”
As he headed for the exit, I saw that my opponents had already left and the courtroom was almost empty. I tossed my wig onto the bar table, leaned back in my chair and pondered the interaction between Gary Murdoch and Veronica Curtis. It looked like they had a serious affair while George Curtis was alive and it was still going strong. Murdoch was a crook and a thug, but Cupid's arrows pierced the most unlikely targets. Maybe his many years in prison set him up for a mid-life crisis.
I used a mental crayon to connect the dots. Murdoch must have been furious when he heard that George Curtis bashed the woman he loved and forced her into hiding. He was a violent man - an enforcer - who would not forgive or forget something like that. 
I had wondered if his motive for shooting George Curtis was more than just a grievance over money. Maybe this was it. He went to the mansion, to pick up the money Curtis owed him for a motorcycle, still angry about Curtis's treatment of his lover. When Curtis tried to short-change him, his anger boiled over and he shot Curtis dead.
Terry Boland claimed that, after the shooting, Murdoch said: “The cunt had it coming.” It looked like Curtis “… had it coming …” because he beat up Murdoch's mistress.
My hands tingled. If I could prove that Murdoch and Veronica Curtis were having an affair, I could tell the jurors that the affair explained why Murdoch shot George Curtis to the total surprise of Terry Boland. They might even buy that. But, first, I had to prove there was an affair. I could not just tell the jurors I saw the pair looking love-struck. I needed much stronger evidence. Where could I find it?
A male voice behind me. “Excuse me, Mr Norton, I have to close the courtroom.”
I turned and saw the Court Officer, a chubby guy in his early sixties, probably semi-retired. I glanced around. We were the only people left in the courtroom. “Sorry, I'm on my way.”
I stood and placed my wig and robe on my chair. I didn't want to lug my whole brief back to chambers that evening and wondered what documents I should take. The Homicide Squad obtained the call charge records of the mobile phones of Boland and Murdoch. I stuck the print-outs into my bar bag, slung it over my shoulder and glanced at the Court Officer. “See you in the morning.”
“OK.”
I walked back to chambers, taking my usual route down Oxford Street and through Hyde Park. A cool breeze had arrived from the south to shred the stifling heat. 
When I reached chambers, I sat behind my desk and started looking through the call charge records. They covered the period from two weeks before the shooting of George Curtis to a few days after it, when Boland and Murdoch were arrested. They listed the time and duration of every call the pair made or received, and the phone number of the person at the other end.
The Homicide Squad did not bother to identify the other party. They had an open and shut case against the defendants. It did not matter who they spoke to.
When I carefully studied the calls that Murdoch made and received, one mobile phone number - 0444 678 7788 - grabbed my attention. It popped up far more frequently than the others - about 20 times - and Murdoch made a flurry of calls to it about a week before the shooting, around the time when George Curtis was arrested and charged with beating up his wife. It was also the first number that Murdoch called after the shooting. In fact, he called it about an hour afterward and spoke for about fifteen minutes.
I bet the owner of that number was his lover, Victoria Curtis. But I could not prove that, yet.
A barrister has to do everything possible to avoid giving evidence during a trial. He can’t do his job while sitting in the witness box. However, I couldn't resist calling the number to see if Veronica Curtis answered it. I pulled out my mobile phone and dialed it. After about ten seconds, a female answered. “Hello.”
Dry mouth. I tried to catch her off-guard. “Is that Veronica Curtis?”
“Who are you?”
Damn, that didn't work. “I'm hoping to speak to Veronica Curtis.”
The line went dead. Shit. A woman with a youngish voice had answered the phone. But I could not prove she was Veronica Curtis. Somehow, I had to do that.
I paced around my room, wondering how to prove that Veronica Curtis owned that number without myself ending up in the witness box. After about five minutes, bits of a plan bubbled to the surface of my brain and slowly congealed. The final plan had drawbacks, but would have to do.
I couldn't implement it until tomorrow morning. Meanwhile, I would make a forlorn attempt to get a good night’s sleep.



CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

Excitement and tension lopped a couple of hours off my regular sleep. I forced myself to eat a solid breakfast and went for a long walk around the neighbourhood. I arrived at chambers just after 8 a.m. and phoned Clint on his mobile, expecting to catch him still commuting.
“Clint Andersen here,” he said with the clickety-clack of a train in the background.
“Clint, it's Brad. I want you to meet me at the Darlinghurst Courthouse at 9.15 a.m., alright?”
“Why?”
“I'll tell you when I see you.”
A pause. “OK.”
“Don't be late - this is important.”
“Of course, I’ll be there.”
During a big trial, it’s important to pace yourself to avoid burn-out. I was no good at that. But I forced myself to sit at my desk for 40 minutes and read the paper edition of The Sydney Morning Herald. Just before 9.00 a.m., I slung my bar bag over my shoulder and headed for the lifts.
I caught a taxi to the Darlinghurst Courthouse and arrived at 9.10 a.m. The building had a wide pebble forecourt. I sat on a bench with a clear view of its Greek Revival main entrance.
Clint was tardy, as usual, and emerged from a taxi at about 9.30 a.m, wearing some mouldy food on the lapel of his shiney suit. He lumbered across the forecourt to where I sat. “Sorry, I'm late.”
Solicitors don’t like briefing barristers who criticise them. It’s a quirk of human nature. I was always mindful of that. “Forget it. Did you buy your wife a birthday present, yesterday?”
“Yes, thank God. Some gardening books. She wasn't impressed, but she never is. Why did you want to meet me here early?”
“Take a seat.”
He slumped down beside me. “What's this about?”
I explained my theory that Murdoch was having an affair with Veronica Curtis and became enraged when he found out that George Curtis had bashed her.
“That's why he shot Curtis?”
“Correct. They argued over the price of the motorcycle. But that was just the flashpoint. What really tipped Murdoch over the edge was Curtis's treatment of his lover.”
A smile. “Sounds plausible. You are a clever young fellow, aren't you?”
I shrugged. “I have flashes of inspiration.” 
“But, why are we sitting here?”
“We still have to prove that Murdoch and Veronica Curtis were having an affair. I looked through Murdoch’s call records last night. He often phoned a number I suspect belongs to Veronica Curtis.”
“But you're not sure it does?”
“Correct.”
“Which brings me back to my original question: why are we sitting here?”
“I've thought up a way you can give evidence it’s her number.”
He nodded. “OK, what's the plan?”
I explained it and he giggled. “It might work.”
“Or it might not. You on-board?”
A shrug. “Of course. We've got nothing to lose.”
“Our client has plenty.”
A rueful look. “True.”
We sat and watched visitors march across the forecourt into the courthouse. The first to make the journey was the Crown Prosecutor, Malcolm Friedrich, with his female instructing solicitor. Then came Murray Maher, looking resplendent in a pinstripe suit, and his instructing solicitor, Mick Monaghan, dressed like a mobster as usual. Next came a few journalists, a couple of bikies and several elderly murder-trial groupies.
As ten o'clock approached, I worried that Veronica Curtis would not turn up. Then she tottered through the main gate and headed across the forecourt towards the courthouse entrance. 
I punched the suspicious phone number into my mobile phone, pressed the “call” button and handed the phone to Clint, as we had agreed.
Veronica Curtis was now half-way across the forecourt. She stopped, reached into her handbag, fished out her phone and said: “Hello”. Her voice floated across the forecourt and through my mobile phone.
Clint spoke into my phone. “Hello, is that Veronica?”
A pause. “Who are you?”
“Is that Veronica?”
“Who is this?” 
“I'm sorry, I must have the wrong number; goodbye,” Clint said and ended the call.
After looking suspiciously at her phone, Veronica Curtis shoved it back into her handbag and continued into the courthouse.
Clint glanced at me. “Bingo. You were right.”
I felt pleased and apprehensive. Until now I had suspected our client was innocent. Now, I was convinced he was. That belief is the heaviest burden a criminal defence barrister can carry.
“Yup, the shooting wasn't really about money. It was a crime of passion.” I tapped Clint on the knee. “Alright, Tiger, let’s get inside before they start without us.”
I strode through the courthouse entrance and into the courtroom with a jaunty stride. The other two barristers were already at the bar table, waiting for the Judge. Veronica Curtis sat in public gallery, blithely using a compact to touch up her make-up. She obviously thought that, at the end of the trial, her boyfriend would be set free and walk straight into her arms. There was only a dim prospect of that before we phoned her in the forecourt. Now there was almost none.
I slipped on my wig and gown, sat down and turned to Murray Maher. “How much longer will you cross-examine my guy?”
Maher leaned across. “As I said, maybe an hour or two. I did some damage to him yesterday. I need a bit more time to finish him off.”
Maher was either bluffing or delusional. What on earth did Patricia see in the wretch? “Really, he seemed to be enjoying himself.”
A handsome frown. “Didn't look like it. Look, I don’t think my client has a chance in hell. I've explained that to him, but he won't listen. But I want to make sure your client gets convicted as well. That will save me a lot of embarrassment.”
The ace up my sleeve felt warm. “I understand.”
The unseen Tipstaff rapped three times on the door behind the bench and the door swung open. The Court Officer called for everyone to stand and the Judge headed towards his big chair in a business-like manner. Once ensconced, he told the nearest Sheriff's Officer to bring the jury into the courtroom and the defendants up from the cells.
When everyone was assembled, Terry Boland returned to the witness box. If I was Murray Maher, I would not have cross-examined further. He asked all the questions he needed to ask the day before. Why give the jurors a chance to connect with Terry Boland and sympathise with him? But, even if Maher agreed with me, he probably would have kept going. He was more interested in impressing his client than the jurors.
He spent another hour harrying Terry Boland about his criminal record and accusing him of shooting George Curtis. As I expected, Boland's answers grew more robust and confidence and, despite Maher's theatrical style, the jurors got bored and fidgety. They looked relieved when Maher bluntly accused Boland of murder, again, and announced that he had finished. 
He turned and muttered to his solicitor, loudly enough for his client to hear. “I think that went well.”
Mick Monaghan nodded. “Well done.”
Justice Elman eyed me. “Any re-examination, Mr Norton?”
There were no ambiguities in Terry Boland's evidence that I needed to clarify. “No, your Honour.”
The Judge looked at the witness. “Alright, Mr Boland, please return to the dock.”
As Terry Boland left the witness box, four beefy Sheriff's Officers hovered around him to emphasise that the Judge made an order, not a request. Boland sat in the dock and the Judge looked at me. “Any more witnesses, Mr Norton?”
“No, your Honour, the first defendant rests his case.”
“Alright.” He looked at my opponent. “Over to you, Mr Maher.”
“Thank you, your Honour. I call Mr Gary Murdoch to give evidence.”
Murdoch left the dock, prowled over to the witness box and sat down. The ceiling light bounced off his bald pate and made it look hail damaged. His scowl only retreated when he gave Victoria Curtis a quick smile. If I was not alert to their relationship, I would have missed it.
After the Court Officer administered the oath, Maher escorted Murdoch through his version of what happened on the day of the shooting. It was, of course, similar to Terry Boland's version, except that Boland was now the guilty party. Boland was the one who suggested they visit George Curtis to collect some money and Boland was the one who got into an argument with Curtis about the price of the motorcycle.
Maher said: “What was said during the argument?”
Murdoch said: “Terry Boland kept yelling that George owed him $20,000 and George kept yelling it was only $10,000. George said: 'Take it or fuckin' leave it', and Terry Boland screamed: 'I'll fuckin' leave it'. Then Terry pulled out a pistol and shot George three times in the chest …” Murdoch mimed pointing a pistol, rather expertly, I thought. “… bam, bam, bam.”
“Did you expect that?”
“Shit, no. I was totally shocked. I had no idea that Terry Boland had a pistol - none at all. I thought we were just gonna pick up some money. Had no idea there was gonna be an argument. I wuz just in the wrong place at the wrong time, I guess.”
“What happened after that?”
“I turned to Terry and said: 'Why the fuck did you do that?', and he said: 'The cunt had it coming.'“
“Those were his exact words?”
“Yup, I remember everything like it happened this morning.”
“What did you do?”
“I said: ‘We'd better call the cops and an ambo’, and he said: ‘No fuckin' way - we're leaving’. I said: ‘I'm gonna call them, anyway.’”
“How did he respond?”
“He pointed the pistol at me and said: ‘No, you're not. We're leaving, right now.’”
“What did you do?”
“I went with him, of course; I don't argue with a pistol.”
“What happened to the pistol and the $10,000?”
“He kept them.”
“After you split up, did you go to the police?”
“Of course not. I couldn't help George - he wuz dead - and I didn't want to get into trouble.”
“Why did you think you might get into trouble?”
“I was afraid the cops would think that, 'cos I was there when George got iced, I shot him. Before I knew it, there'd be a miscarriage of justice. In fact, I was right, 'cos that's what's happened, so far.”
I expected that Maher would raise his client's criminal record, before I cross-examined about it, and was proved right. Maher rearranged some papers on his lectern and looked stern. “Do you have a criminal record?” 
Murdoch tried to look embarrassed, I think. “Ah, yes.”
“In fact, you have convictions for drug trafficking?”
“Yes, that's right.”
“You went to prison for those offences?”
“Yes.”
“And you once shot another bikie?”
“Yes, I did.”
“Where did you shoot him?”
“In the knees.”
“Why did you do that?”
“I thought he was a police fink.”
“A fink?”
“An informer.”
“You went to prison for that?”
“Yes, and rightly so. I got no complaints.”
I glanced at the jurors. Most were frowning and several were making furious notes. The last time they looked this upset was when my client revealed his criminal record. They could not understand why the defendants were dragging out this farce. They were guilty as hell. The trial was already over. They should plead guilty and release the jurors from bondage.
Maher said: “How many times have you been to prison?”
“Three times.”
“And how do you feel about your criminal record?”
I knew Murdoch's solicitor, Mick Monaghan, would have coached his client on how to respond to that question. Murdoch tried to look penitent, but his face was poorly designed for the task. “I'm ashamed of it. I did some bad stuff and got punished in a righteous way. I'm glad I went to prison. It did me good. The last time I was inside, I decided to go straight and that's what I've done - gone totally straight.”
 “When was the last time you were released from prison?”
“Three years ago.”
“Have you been arrested since?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Like I said, I decided to go straight. I grew up, I guess. I was young and immature when I did all that bad stuff. Now, I'm a lot smarter.”
Maher wanted to give the impression his client had confessed to his criminal past while also skating over it. So, on that note, he looked at the Judge. “No further questions, your Honour.”
While Murdoch described his criminal history, the Judge wore a faintly sardonic expression. Now, he gazed at the Crown Prosecutor with veiled amusement. “Any questions, Mr Crown?”
Malcolm Friedrich’s cross-examination of Murdoch was rather light-weight. He slapped him over his criminal record and accused him of planning, with Terry Boland, to murder George Curtis or rob him with violence. However, he knew I would beat up Murdoch on his behalf. This was really my party. So, after about an hour, he sat down.
The Judge looked at me. “Any questions, Mr Norton?”
“One or two, your Honour.”
For once, Justice Elman showed a spark of interest. “Please proceed.”
I got to my feet and put the police print-out of Murdoch's criminal history on the lectern. “Mr Murdoch, you told your counsel that you have served three spells in prison, didn't you?”
“Yeah.”
“In fact, you've spent a total of 11 years behind bars?”
“Umm, I haven't counted them up. But that sounds about right.”
Clint Andersen had obtained the sentencing remarks of the three Judges who assigned Murdoch those three spells in prison. Each of the Judges detailed the offences for which Murdoch was being sentenced. Using them as a guide, I spent the next hour cross-examining Murdoch in detail about his convictions for drug trafficking, aggravated assault, causing grievous bodily harm and theft. Every time he tried to minimize his conduct or claimed he couldn’t remember it, I read out the relevant portion of the sentencing remarks and he reluctantly admitted the truth. He kept bleating that he was “young and immature” when he committed those offences and had since grown up. His solicitor, Mick Monaghan must have dreamed up that phrase.
While I cross-examined him about his criminal record, most of the jurors scribbled notes and wore deep frowns which said they should have received this information a lot earlier. Was there a conspiracy to keep them in the dark? Now, they wanted the lawyers to shut up and let them convict both defendants as soon as possible.
I eventually pulled the strands of Murdoch's criminal history together. “So, you agree, don’t you, that the first time you were sent to prison was for selling 500 grams of ice - that is crystal methamphetamine - to an undercover policeman?”
“Ah yeah.”
“You served three years in prison for that offence?”
“Yeah, but, like I said, I was young and immature.”
“I know, I know, you've said that repeatedly. But prison taught you nothing, did it, because, soon after you were released, you beat up a drug dealer who owed you money?”
“I did, umm, hit him pretty hard.”
“And, for that, you were convicted of aggravated assault?”
“Yes.”
“And spent two more years in prison?”
“Yeah, about that.”
“And, soon after you were released, you shot another bikie in both kneecaps and stole his motorcycle?”
His stare dared me to step outside. “Ah, yes.”
“Because you thought he was a police informant?”
“That's right.”
“And for those crimes, you spent another six years in prison?”
“Correct.”
“That incident shows, doesn't it, that when you get angry, you shoot people?”
“Nah, that happened just once and it's all in the past. Like I said, I was young and immature. When I was in the jar, for that one, I sorted myself out and decided to go straight.”
“Every time you were charged with an offence, you pleaded not guilty, didn't you?”
“Let me think about that … yes, I guess you're right.”
“In other words, you never accepted responsibility for what you did?”
His stare tried to commit grievous bodily harm. Surely, the jurors could smell his anger. “That's true, I guess. Like I said, I took a long time to wake up. But I did the last time I was in prison.”
“You mean, a shaft of light hit you while you were in the exercise yard?”
Murray Maher leaped to his feet. “I object, your Honour.”
I went too far. “I withdraw that remark.”
The Judge frowned. “So you should.”
I looked back at the witness. “Are you telling the jury that, since your third spell in prison, you have not engaged in any violent conduct?”
“That's right.” 
"Despite being the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Chieftains?"
A scowl engulfed his whole skull, including his ears. “A lot of shit gets written about the club that ain't true.”
“You're just telling the jury a bed-time story, aren't you?”
“No way. I made lots of bad decisions in my life. I learned from them and went straight.”
Sniggers detonated in the public gallery and a couple of jurors rolled their eyes. 
I said: “You can’t go straight because you're a career criminal, aren't you?”
“No, I'm not.”
“Really? Then what is your career - your real career?”
“What do you mean?”
“How do you support yourself?”
“I, well, umm, do odd jobs, and I buy and sell stuff.”
“Like what?”
“Like, umm, motorcycles.” As soon as he said that, he knew he had made a big mistake.
I pounced. “You mean, like the motorcycle you sold to George Curtis for $20,000?
“No, no, no, I never sold him a bike. Terry sold him that bike. That's why we went to the house.”
“Terry Boland wasn’t involved in the buying and selling of motorcycles, was he?”
“Yes, he was.”
“George Curtis was the president of the Chieftains Motorcycle Club, wasn't he?”
“Yeah.”
“So he was the most powerful person in the club?”
“I guess so. There was an executive committee, but it did what George wanted.”
“And you were the Sergeant-at-Arms?”
“Yes.”
“That made you the second most powerful person in the club?”
A shrug. “Maybe. We could debate that.”
“You certainly had a lot of power?”
“I had some.”
“Your function, as Sergeant-at-Arms, was to make sure the orders of the president and executive committee were obeyed, correct?”
“I guess so.”
“And that the rules of the club were obeyed?”
“Yep, that sounds right.”
“And you used violence to make sure they were, didn’t you?”
“Nah, not true.”
“You were dealing with bikies, weren’t you, not boy scouts?”
“So what?”
“You often had to use violence to make them do what you wanted?”
“Not true. You’ve got us all wrong. We’re a social outfit.”
More titters floated out of the public gallery and visibly stung Murdoch.
I said: “In any event, because you were the Sergeant-at-Arms, you often had to meet with George Curtis, correct?”
“We met sometimes.”
“And during one of those meetings, you sold him a motorcycle for $20,000?”
His bald head started to roast. "Didn't happen. Like I said: Terry Boland sold him the bike.”
“You agree, though, don't you, that you phoned Mr Boland at about 2.00 p.m. on the day George Curtis was shot?”
“Yes, I did.”
“And you asked him to go with you to the Chieftains' clubhouse for a drink?”
“Yeah, I did.”
“Then you met up with him outside his apartment?”
“That’s right.”
“And you said that, on the way to the clubhouse, you wanted to visit George Curtis to pick up some money you were owed for a motorcycle?”
“Nah, didn't happen. Terry said Curtis owed him some money for a hog and he wanted to collect it. I said: 'Sure'. No skin off my nose.”
“In fact, when you reached the house, you argued with George Curtis over the price of the motorcycle?”
“Totally wrong. Barking up the wrong tree: Terry argued with him, not me.”
“Then you got angry and shot him dead, didn't you?”
“Terry shot him, like I said.”
The skirmishing was over. So far, my attacks on Murdoch had not really helped Terry Boland. The defendants were accused of engaging in a joint criminal enterprise. Making one look guilty did not make the other look innocent. I now wanted to show that Murdoch acted on his own to avenge Victoria Curtis. I stared at the witness. “So, tell me, who was the first person you telephoned after the shooting?”
Murdoch looked uncertain. “Telephoned?”
“Yes.”
“The first person?”
“Yes.”
“I, umm, can't remember.”
“Are you sure? You told us earlier that you clearly recollect what happened on the day of the murder.”
“I do, but I can't remember that.”
I held up a bundle of documents. “These are the telephone call records the police obtained from your telecommunications provider. They say that you made a telephone call an hour after the shooting. That’s right, isn't it?”
Murdoch glanced nervously at Veronica Curtis behind me. A shrug. “I'll take your word for that.”
“Who did you call?”
Murray Maher sensed danger and jumped to his feet to disrupt my flow. “I object, your Honour, the witness has already answered that question. He said he does not remember. This is badgering.”
I said: “Your Honour, I don't think it is possible to badger Mr Murdoch.”
The Judge rolled his eyes. “Gentlemen, gentlemen, calm down. I don't have a problem with Mr Norton's line of questioning, so far. Put the question again, Mr Norton.”
I turned to the witness. “Mr Murdoch, who did you telephone an hour after the shooting?”
“I can't remember.”
I waved the bundle of documents again. “Alright, according to these records, you phoned the number 0444 678 7788. Who owns that number?”
“Ah, I don't know.”
“But it was the first number you called after the shooting?”
“I don't recognise it.”
“Really? According to these records, you spoke with someone at that number 20 times in the two weeks before the shooting?”
He looked feverish. “I did?”
“Yes, you did. Please look at the telephone records.”
I handed the bundle to the Court Officer who gave them to the witness. Murdoch leafed through them as if they were printed with poison ink.
I said: “Do you see that the number 0444 678 7788 often appears in the records?”
He squinted at a few pages. “Yeah, I see it.”
“You spoke with the owner of that number 20 times during fortnight before the shooting, didn't you?”
“I haven't counted the calls.”
“Then please do.” 
He spent several minutes poring over the telephone call records, counting under his breath, before looking up. “Twenty seems about right.”
“You also called that number an hour after the shooting, didn't you?”
He studied the records again. “Seems so.”
“So, you spoke with someone at that number 21 times in a little more than a fortnight?”
“Yeah, so what?”
“Then you must remember who you spoke to.”
Murdoch glanced again at Veronica Curtis. “Umm, I can't recall. Me minds a bit foggy on that.”
He had obviously noticed that the telephone call records did not identify the owner of that number and hoped I was bluffing. Time to disappoint him.
“You know Victoria Curtis, the widow of George Curtis, don't you?”
He looked like I had pointed a pistol at him. “Y-y-es, we've met.”
“How?”
Another quick glance at her. “Oh, I bumped into her sometimes when I went to see George.”
“You say you were just casual acquaintances?”
“Pretty much.”
“And Victoria Curtis is in this courtroom right now, isn't she? She is the lady sitting just behind the Crown Prosecutor wearing a white dress?”
All eyes, including mine, swivelled to stare at Victoria Curtis, who flinched and trembled.
Murdoch licked his lips. “That's right.”
“In fact, you glanced at her several times during the last few minutes, didn't you?”
Murdoch's neck muscles bulged. He looked like he wanted to pull my head off and punt it across the courtroom. “No, I didn't.”
I shrugged. “The number we have been talking about - 0444 678 7788 - is her telephone number, isn't it?”
Murdoch was a hardened bikie enforcer. Little fazed him. Now, he looked wounded and hunted. He could not bash his way out of this situation. “Umm, no, it's not.”
I said: “How do you know that?”
“We didn't speak on the phone; we only chatted when I saw George.”
“Are you saying you never spoke to her on the phone?”
He squinted at me, trying to work out if I could prove the telephone number was hers'. “I don't think I did; I don't remember doing that."
“Really? This morning, just before this trial resumed, my solicitor sat outside this building and dialled that number - 0444 678 7788 - while Veronica Curtis crossed the forecourt. He saw and heard her answer that call. I can ask him to give evidence. But surely that won't be necessary. Admit it: that is her phone number, isn't it?"
He saw he was trapped and trembled. "You reckon it is hers’?"
"Yes."
"What number is it again?"
"0444 678 7788."
He rubbed his jaw. "Come to think of it, that number does ring a bell. I think it is Veronica's."
"So, you admit that."
"Yeah, I guess I do."
"And you admit that you spoke to her on the phone?"
"Yeah, I think we spoke sometimes. It's coming back to me now."
“So, when you told the court, a short time ago, that you never spoke to her on the phone, you were lying, weren't you?”
“No, no, I said I couldn't remember speaking to her."
"But now you do?"
"Yeah, my memory's improved."
“You mean, you forgot that you spoke to her on the phone 21 times during a two-week period?”
A stiff shrug. “That can happen. I don't have a huge brain, like you lawyers.”
“Mr Murdoch, a half-wit would remember speaking to someone on the phone 21 times in a fortnight. You deliberately lied when you said you never spoke to her on the phone, didn't you?”
“No."
"You tried to distance yourself from her, didn't you?"
"Nope."
"You wanted to hide that you two were having an affair, didn't you?"
He licked his lips. “No, no.”
“You were in love with her?”
“No, I wasn't.”
“You were sleeping with her, behind George Curtis's back?”
“I wasn't. We were just friends.”
“Mr Murdoch, a man doesn't speak to a woman on the phone 21 times in a fortnight if they are just friends, does he?”
“Why not? We got on well together.”
“In fact, you got on so well you were having an affair?”
 “Not true.”
“The call records show you phoned her an hour after the shooting, don't they?”
“I guess so.”
“She was the first person you phoned?”
“Seems so.”
“You called her first because she was the most important person in your life?”
“That's not true.”
I snuck a look at the Judge and jury, who were transfixed. I was not surprised. “About a week before he died, George Curtis was arrested and charged with assaulting Victoria Curtis, wasn't he?”
“I, umm, heard something about that.”
“You heard it from Victoria Curtis, didn't you?”
“Maybe she mentioned it.”
“After her husband assaulted her, she went into hiding, didn't she?”
A smile tortured his face. “I heard that too.”
“You heard that from her?”
He knew he was cornered. “I guess so.”
“In fact, after her husband bashed her, you gave her a lot of emotional support?”
Protuberant ears ignited. “Nah, I just called her up to see how she was going.”
“According to the telephone records, after George Curtis was arrested, you spoke to her eight times over a three-day period?”
 “Did I? She was upset. I tried to be nice.”
“You comforted her because you were her lover?”
“Nah, we were just friends.”
“When you heard that George Curtis had assaulted his wife - your lover - you were furious, weren't you?”
“She was not my lover.”
“You felt a deep anger towards him, didn't you?”
“No.”
“You were still very angry with him when you went to collect some money he owed you for a motorcycle?”
“That's not true.”
“And, when he short-changed you, your anger bubbled to the surface and you pulled out a pistol?”
“Totally incorrect.”
“You pulled out a pistol and shot him three times?”
“Wrong, wrong, wrong.”
“That's why you said to Terry Boland: ‘The cunt had it coming’?”
“Not true.”
“You shot George Curtis to avenge the woman you loved?”
A big vein writhed on his bald head. “Absolutely untrue.”
“You became a bikie in shining armour?” That won me some laughs.
“Rubbish.”
My cross-examination had reached its high point. Time to sit down, before the witness fought back. I turned to the Judge. “No further questions your Honour. However, I have some documents to tender.”
“Please do.”
I tendered the print-out of Murdoch's criminal history, the sentencing remarks of the three Judges and the telephone records, without objection, and sat down.
As I did, Clint leaned forward and whispered. “Well done. That was brutal!”
The Judge asked Murray Maher if he wanted to re-examine his witness.
Maher knew that, if he tried to disentangle the mess his client made, he would probably make it worse, and shook his head. “No, your Honour.”
The Judge looked at the witness. “Mr Murdoch, please return to the dock.”
As Murdoch strode back towards the dock, he gave me a surreptitious scowl that lifted my spirits. The Judge looked at Murray Maher. “Any further witnesses, Mr Maher?”
I wondered if Maher would try to put Veronica Curtis in the witness box to deny she had an affair with Murdoch. Calling witnesses in a criminal trial is not for the faint-hearted. She could do a lot more harm than good. Wisely, I think, he shook his head. “No, your Honour, the second defendant rests his case.”
After glancing at the wall-clock, the Judge looked at the barristers before him. “I see it's 3.30. If we adjourn now, you can start your final addresses tomorrow morning. What do you say about that?”
All counsel rose to their feet and said they were happy to take that course.
“Good.” The Judge remanded the defendants in custody and asked the jurors to return in the morning. He left the bench and a couple of Sheriff’s Officers started removing the defendants from the dock.
I yelled to Terry Boland that we would see him downstairs. He nodded and disappeared.
I sensed a presence behind me and spun in my chair. The tall and severe frame of Detective Superintendent Bruce Fowler, the head of the murder investigation, hovered over me.
He pushed back a sliver of lank hair. “Well done. We didn't spend much time looking through the phone records of the defendants. Couldn't see much point. But we tried to find out who owned the number you cross-examined about. No luck. She obviously used a burner phone.”
“A sensible precaution when your husband’s a bikie chief and you use the phone to call your lover.”
He laughed. “I agree, though you managed to suss it out.”
“Pure luck.”
“I doubt it. Anyway, for what it’s worth, I’ve always thought Murdoch pulled the trigger. He’s obviously the hard nut of the pair.” 
“I hope the jurors think the same.” 
A shrug. “Who knows what they think. People go a bit strange in the jury box. Good luck.” 
“Thanks.” 
He disappeared and I started organising my folders on the bar table.
I heard Murray Maher’s voice behind me. “You gave my boy quite an uppercut. How did you work out they were shagging each other?”
I stood and faced him. “I saw them making goo-goo eyes at each other in court.”
His debonaire demeanour peeled off and he shook his head. “Fucking idiots. Jesus, mission impossible just got a hell of a lot harder.”
I thought of Patricia Ransome and had to needle him. "Maybe the jury will nail your guy and acquit mine?"
He shook his head. "They won't do that."
"You never know."
He looked worried and snarled. "They'd damn well better not. I don't want to have to explain to my client that he will be sitting in an iron motel for 30 years while your guy is out nightclubbing." His resilient self-confidence sprang back into shape. "But I’m sure that won't happen."
He left and I went over to Clint, sitting behind his small desk, and said: “What do you think?”
“Our client is still dangling over a cliff. But at least you’ve now got hold of both feet.”
“Hah. Come on, let’s go and see him.”
We left the courthouse and went around the corner to the holding cells. We passed through a couple of iron gates and a Sheriff's Officer showed us into a small cell where Tony Boland sat on a plastic chair.
He smiled at me. “Jesus, that was a big shock.” 
“You mean, about Veronica Curtis?” 
“Yeah, I had no idea they were rooting each other, though it makes sense, now.” 
“Why?” 
“They were always a bit stiff when they were together, as if they’d just met. Probably terrified that George would find out. And Gary stopped talking about the hookers he was banging. In fact, he stopped swearing so much.” A shake of the head. “Jesus, it's hard to believe that he shot George over a chick."
Clint said: “Even bikie hardmen have mid-life crises.”
“Really?”
Clint smiled. “Yeah, in a few years, you’ll understand.”
“If I end up like that, I'll shoot myself."
A chuckle. “That will probably save you a lot of pain.”
I said: “Anyway, it was a good day. But there's still a long way to go. You’ve got a fighting chance, no more.”
A sober nod. “Got it.”
Clint and I left him and went outside. He peeled off and I returned to the empty courtroom to collect my brief. I stowed it in my bar bag, headed out to Oxford Street and hailed down a taxi.
I arrived back at chambers and waited for half-an-hour for a copy of that day's transcript of evidence to land in my email inbox. I printed it out and read through it carefully, marking the passages from my cross-examination of Gary Murdoch that I wanted to quote during my final address to the jury. Then I spent about four hours preparing that address.
At ten o'clock, I was still making notes. But I needed a good night’s sleep more than anything. I forced myself away from my desk and headed for home.



CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

The next morning, the public gallery was fairly full and the press box almost empty. The most notable absentee was Veronica Curtis. When the jurors filed into the courtroom, several glanced over at where she normally sat and noted her non-appearance. So did Gary Murdoch when he stomped into the dock. He anxiously scanned the public gallery and scowled when he did not see her. Their relationship was obviously not the imperishable romance he thought. He had risked everything for nothing. He surely felt a total idiot.
The Crown Prosecutor was always the first barrister to make his closing address to the jurors. Malcolm Friedrich rose to his feet and looked at them. As usual, he was workmanlike and direct. “The prosecution contends that the defendants went to visit George Curtis with the joint intention of killing him or robbing him with violence. If it establishes that intention, beyond a reasonable doubt, they are both guilty of murder. You do not need to decide which one pulled the trigger.
“The evidence clearly establishes that was their intention. Both defendants have long criminal records and are clearly prone to violence. They went to the mansion with a pistol to make George Curtis open the wall-safe in his study and steal its contents. That is why, after the shooting, the safe was found open. The defendants knew that, if George Curtis survived, he would report them to the police and seek revenge. So, one of them shot him dead. Then they fled the scene. Their flight was a clear admission of guilt.
“Counsel for Terry Boland cross-examined Gary Murdoch about his relationship with the wife of the deceased, Victoria Curtis. You might conclude, from that cross-examination, that they were having a secret affair. However, that is a red herring. Do not be side-tracked. As I said, the evidence clearly shows that the defendants are both dangerous men, prone to violence, who went to the house to kill or rob with violence. The affair is irrelevant.”
The Crown Prosecutor spent the next three hours reading aloud excerpts of the transcript and referring to exhibits that supported his case. Then he spent an hour detailing the criminal records of both defendants, particularly the offenses involving violence and theft. Finally, he repeated his main arguments and sat down.
The counsel for the first defendant - that is, me - had to address the jury next. I stood, took a few deep breaths and told myself to speak slowly. “Members of jury, the prosecution has a heavy burden in this trial. It must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendants went to the mansion of George Curtis with the joint intention of killing him or robbing him with violence. If the prosecution can’t prove that, its case is in diabolical trouble. Why? Because it must then prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that a particular defendant shot George Curtis. Yet, the prosecution has refused to nominate which defendant it says pulled the trigger. So, you can see why the Crown Prosecutor loves insisting there was a joint criminal intention. He has no safety net.
“But, if one thing is certain, it is that the defendants had no such intention when they went to the Curtis mansion. The prosecution asks you to believe that the defendants planned to walk past an obvious CCTV camera into the mansion, use a pistol to force George Curtis to open his wall-safe, steal its contents, shoot him dead and then flee past that same CCTV camera. Nobody could be that stupid. The defendants are certainly not.
 “No, George Curtis died because one of the two defendants had a brain snap while in the house. Who had that brain snap? It was clearly not my client. It is true that he has a criminal record. But it pales in comparison with Gary Murdoch's. The most dangerous weapon my client has used to commit a crime was a knife, which he just waved around. There is no suggestion he has ever used a firearm. You also saw my client in the witness box. He was honest about his criminal record and full of contrition. He is not the sort of person, I submit, who would just whip out a pistol and shoot someone dead.
“The only other candidate for that brain snap was, of course, Gary Murdoch. He has several convictions for offenses involving serious violence. He even shot another bikie in both kneecaps. It is also obvious that he was carrying on a secret affair with the wife of George Curtis. He denied that, of course, in the witness box. But it is obvious that he was. That affair is the reason why he lost his cool and shot George Curtis.
“You see, George Curtis was a violent husband. A week before he died, he beat up his wife and she went into hiding. When Gary Murdoch heard what George Curtis did to the woman he loved he was, of course, enraged. His anger boiled over when he visited Curtis to pick up some money he was owed for a motorcycle. He did not plan to shoot Curtis. That's why he took my client, Terry Boland, along with him. However, when Curtis tried to short-change him, his anger at Curtis's mistreatment of his lover welled up. He could not control himself. He pulled out a pistol and started shooting.
“Terry Boland was shocked. He had no dog in this fight. He did not know, then or later, that Murdoch was sleeping with the wife of George Curtis. Of course, an upstanding citizen - one with an unblemished criminal record - would have hung around and talked to the police. But my client was not an upstanding citizen. He had dealings with the police before. They were not happy experiences. He would not get the benefit of the doubt. He was also standing next to a murderer holding a pistol. If you were in his shoes, what would you have done? I bet you would have bolted from the murder scene and fast as your motorcycle would carry you.
“So, it is very clear that Gary Murdoch shot George Curtis and Terry Boland had no reason to expect that. He was in the wrong place, at the wrong time, when a love-triangle turned ugly. Of course, when I make that submission, I am being far more certain of the facts than I need to be. Terry Boland does not have to prove anything. He only has to create a reasonable doubt about his guilt. So, if you have merely a reasonable suspicion that Gary Murdoch shot George Curtis in the manner I have described, you must acquit Terry Boland."
I spent the next hour reading out excerpts from my cross-examination of Gary Murdoch to demonstrate how he tried to cover up his affair with Veronica Curtis. Then, I repeated my main arguments and tried to finish with a flourish. “Members of the jury, you probably do not like my client: he has a criminal record; he belonged to an outlaw bikie gang; he is not someone you would invite home to dinner or want to have marry your daughter. But you must focus on whether he committed the crime with which he is charged. You can't convict him because you do not like his character or think that, if he did not commit this crime, he has probably committed others. Your job would be easy if you could. But I’m afraid it is not easy. Our legal system is here to protect people we do not like rather than people we do. That is what justice is all about. You swore an oath to give a true verdict according to the evidence. I submit that Terry Boland is not guilty of murder.” 
I sat down with my bar jacket soaked with sweat. The judge saw it was almost 4 p.m. and adjourned the trial for the day.



CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

The next morning, Veronica Curtis was again absent, although she hovered over the trial like a ghost. Gary Murdoch looked desolate when he saw she was not present.
When the trial resumed, Murray Maher delivered his final address to the jury. After swishing his gown around to make sure it hung neatly from his wide shoulders, he rested a hand on the portable lectern and spoke in a relaxed tone that left plenty in reserve for later. “Members of the jury, as you know, I appear for Gary Murdoch. I disagree with many things my learned friend, Mr Norton, said yesterday. But I do agree with one thing: it is obvious from the evidence that the defendants did not visit George Curtis to kill or rob him with violence. There was no joint enterprise. The defendants are clearly not morons. Yet, the prosecution wants you to believe that they walked into the mansion, past a clearly visible CCTV camera, robbed and killed George Curtis, and then left by exactly the same route. Nobody could be that dumb; the defendants were not that dumb.
“Something obviously happened inside the house, after they arrived, that sparked the killing. That means there was no joint criminal enterprise and you must decide which defendant shot George Curtis. Further, you can only convict that particular defendant if you are sure, beyond a reasonable doubt, that he fired the pistol. If you are not sure, you must acquit both. 
“Of course, the only two people who saw what happened inside the house, beside the victim, were the two defendants. They both got into the witness box and gave evidence. You had a good chance to assess and compare them. I think you will agree that Gary Murdoch was clearly the more truthful witness. He was palpably honest. Yes, he has a long criminal record. But he talked with obvious sincerity about how he learned from his mistakes and turned his back on violence. Further, his evidence about what happened inside the mansion was consistent and compelling. Let me quote some of it.”
Maher spent an hour reading aloud excerpts of the transcript in which Gary Murdoch accused Terry Boland of shooting George Curtis. None of that evidence was consistent or compelling. But I admired the conviction with which Maher kept saying it was. Then he closed his folder of transcript and tore into Terry Boland's credibility, claiming that he was shifty and evasive in the witness box, without giving specific examples. “Boland was clearly trying to cover up the fact that he shot George Curtis. All of the evidence points in that direction.”
He fiddled with his gown. “Of course, my learned friend claimed that Gary Murdoch was having an affair with Veronica Curtis and that was why he shot Gary Curtis. You can safely dismiss that proposition. It is a hoax, a concoction, a flight of fantasy usually found in a romance novel. Gary Murdoch denied having an affair and you should accept his denials, which were straightforward and compelling. My learned friend wants you to play detective. Resist the urge.” 
Not surprisingly, Maher did not linger on that aspect of the evidence. He repeated his main arguments. Then, in a final flourish, he put his hands on his hips and squared up to the jurors. His voice climbed an octave. “Members of the jury, it is clear that the defendants had no criminal plan when they went to see George Curtis. Therefore, you can only convict one of them. Further, you must be convinced, beyond a reasonable doubt, that a particular defendant fired the pistol. I say it is obvious that Terry Boland was the shooter. After they arrived at the house, he had a brain explosion and shot Curtis dead. The evidence certainly does not establish, beyond a reasonable doubt, that Gary Murdoch committed the crime. For that reason, you should acquit him of the charge of murder.  What you do about Terry Boland is a matter for you.”
As Maher sat down, I mentally conceded that he gave an impressed display. It was all bluff and bluster, of course. If the jurors tapped any brick in the wall, the whole edifice would collapse. But he spoke with such strength and conviction that some jurors might be fooled.
The Judge glanced at the wall clock. Almost 4 p.m. He said that he would adjourn for the day and deliver his charge to the jury in the morning.





CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

The next morning, Veronica Curtis was again a no-show. When the Judge and jurors entered the courtroom, they glanced across at where she usually sat and registered her absence. So did Gary Murdoch, who still managed to look angry.
When the trial resumed, Justice Elman spent five hours instructing the jury. After explaining the charges against the defendants and the relevant law, he summarised the evidence presented and the arguments of the parties. He was, as I expected, thorough and even-handed.
When he finished, he asked the barristers if we had any objections to his summing up. After we all said “no”, he sent the jurors out to begin their deliberations and ordered that the defendants be returned to the cells. 
Clint and I visited Terry Boland in his cell.
He sat on a plastic chair wearing a tense expression and chewing a fingernail. In the justice system, it’s the waiting that kills you, in the end. “What’re my chances?”
Even if I was doing cartwheels inside, which I wasn't, this was no time for bravado. “I have no idea. We’ve just got to wait and see.” 
A shrug. “Fair enough. But thanks for all you’ve done. I prefer you to that smooth bastard Gary Murdoch hired.”
“Thanks.” 
Clint and I left the holding area through the side of the courthouse.
I said: “What’s your prediction?”
A shrug. “It’s fifty-fifty. You did a great job, seriously. But one thing's certain: the jury will nail at least one defendant. Two men walked into a house and a guy was shot dead. Someone has to pay for that, even if the victim was a scumbag. I think Murdoch's a goner. The big question is whether our client is dragged down with him. The jury will be very tempted to take a broad-brush approach and nail both of them. We’ll see.”
Clint had sat through hundreds of criminal trials and was a connoisseur of juries. I had no reason to doubt his assessment.
We left our phone numbers with the Judge’s Associate, in case the jury returned to the courtroom for some reason, and caught a taxi back to the city.
Back in my room, I tried to work on another brief and failed miserably. I wondered what I did wrong during the trial and soon compiled an extensive list. Then I worried that my client would spend the next 30 years of his life behind bars for a crime, I was convinced, he did not commit. I would be devastated if he did.
I took a long walk through the Botanical Gardens to burn up tension and returned at 3.30 p.m. The Judge had said he would call the jury back into the courtroom at 4 p.m. to ask how its deliberations were progressing. I caught a taxi to the Darlinghurst Courthouse and found all of the other lawyers, including Clint, already hovering around the bar table.
Five minutes later, the Judge reappeared on the bench and asked a Sheriff's Officer to bring back the defendants and jurors. When they were all in the courtroom, he asked the Jury Foreperson, a matronly woman, whether the jurors were close to agreeing upon their verdicts or wanted to go home and return in the morning.
She stood up. “We want to stop now and come back in the morning, your Honour.”
“Alright. Members of the jury, I am going to adjourn until 10 a.m. tomorrow. You are free to go home. But please stay away from the internet and do not discuss the trial with anyone else. I now adjourn.”
The jurors left through a side door and the Judge shuffled off the bench.



CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

The jury took almost two days to reach its verdicts. Just after 3 p.m. on Friday, I sat in my room, forlornly trying to absorb a new brief, when I got a phone call from Clint Andersen. He said the Judge’s Associate had just phoned him to say the jurors had reached their verdicts and would return to the courtroom in about 30 minutes.
Heart racing, I dashed downstairs and jumped into a taxi which inched frustratingly through heavy traffic back to the courthouse. Despite that, I was the first lawyer to arrive. Within ten minutes, the rest had turned up. Everybody tried desperately hard to look relaxed. Once again, no sign of Veronica Curtis. The press box quickly filled up.
The Judge returned to the bench and asked a Sheriff's Officer to bring up the defendants. They trudged up the stairs and sat in the dock. I exchanged tight smiles with Terry Boland while Gary Murdoch scanned the courtroom, looking for his lover. His face soon turned dark.
The Judge asked the Court Officer to bring the jury back into court. The officer ducked out and the jurors soon filed through a side door into the jury box. I searched their expressions for some hint of joy or mercy and saw none. Emotions were carefully cloaked. Not a good sign. It looked like Clint was right. At least one defendant was going to hit the canvas, and quite possibly two.
The Judge asked the jury if it had reached a verdict in relation to each defendant. The Jury Foreperson rose and said it had.
The Judge nodded to his Associate, who stood and looked at the Foreperson. “How say you: is the first defendant, Terry Boland, guilty or not?”
I had tried hard to shun the future. Now, it rushed towards me like a freight train. An adrenal bomb exploded inside my chest.
The Foreperson looked down at a quivering piece of paper and spoke loudly. “Not guilty”.
The word “not” sent a surge of relief through me. My past and future suddenly went smooth. I could kid myself that I did a great job during the trial and would not have to perform the distasteful tasks that follow a conviction, like consoling my client, appearing at a sentencing hearing and running an appeal. A great knot dissolved. I stored away my excitement for later.
A hubbub erupted behind me. I glanced around. Terry Boland stood in the dock, wearing a huge grin, and pumped his fist. Gary Murdoch scowled at him.
The Judge looked at the Crown Prosecutor. “Mr Crown, is there any reason why the first defendant should be further detained?” The Judge was really asking if there were other charges against Terry Boland, not before the court, that required he remain in prison.
The Prosecutor stood up. “No, your Honour.”
“Thank you.” The Judge looked at my client. “Mr Boland, you are now discharged from custody and free to go.”
A surprised expression. “Straight away, your Honour?”
A hooded smile. “Straight away.”
Terry Boland smirked at Gary Murdoch. “Well, I’m outa here you lying cunt. Have fun.”
He stepped out of the dock and looked warily at the Sheriff's Officers as if he expected to be tackled.
He gave me an inquiring look and I pointed at an empty seat in the front row of the public gallery. “Sit there.”
He quickly obeyed.
The Judge leaned towards his Associate. “Now, the second defendant.”
The Associate asked the Foreperson if the jury found Gary Murdoch guilty or not guilty.
I already knew what the Foreperson would say. The jurors had acquitted one defendant. That was their good deed for the day. They would not acquit another. As Clint said, someone had to pay for the shooting death of George Curtis. Gary Murdoch was going to be the patsy.
Despite that, I felt a shiver of anticipation as the Foreperson glanced at her piece of paper and spoke firmly. “Guilty - we find him guilty.”
After a moment of incomprehension, Murdoch stood and scowled. “Fuckin' bullshit.”
Sheriff's Officers swarmed around the dock and the Judge looked at the other jurors. “Your Foreperson has said that the second defendant, Gary Murdoch, is guilty of murder. So says your Foreperson, so say you all?” 
The jurors all said: “Yes.”
The Judge turned to Murdoch, still scowling. “Mr Murdoch, the jury has returned a verdict of guilty against you on the charge of murder. I now convict you of that charge.”
While the Judge wrote the conviction on the back of the indictment, Clint leaned forward and whispered in my ear. “This is definitely icing on the cake.”
Murdoch glared at his solicitor, Mick Monaghan, angry at being convicted and angry that his anger was pointless. “This is bullshit - total bullshit.”
Monaghan stepped close to his client and made a strange thumbs-up gesture, as if everything was going according to plan. “Don’t worry, Gary, we’ll appeal. You’ve got good grounds."
Murdoch did not look mollified. “Í'd fuckin’ better.”
"We've got your back."
Terry Boland stood in the public gallery and grinned at Murdoch. “Hey, Gary, she won’t wait for you, you dickhead. I bet she’s already out on the prowl.”
Clint chuckled. “Ooh, that was below the belt.”
Murdoch realised he was about to go to prison for several decades for a woman who had already dumped him. Pure rage coated his ugly features. “Fuck off. I’m going to get you.”
“How? You’ll be too busy grabbing your ankles.”
The Judge wisely ignored their exchange. “I remand the second defendant in custody for sentencing.” He looked at the Sheriff's Officers. “Please take the prisoner down.”
As a mob of Sheriff's Officers hustled a seething Gary Murdoch down the stairs to the holding cells, Terry Boland yelled. “Goodbye, ya lying cunt.”
The Judge spoke quietly. “Mr Boland, stop that.”
Terry Boland looked embarrassed. “Sorry, your Honour.”
The Judge turned to the jurors. “Thank you for your attendance and diligence. You are discharged and free to go. I now adjourn sine die.”
As the Judge abandoned the bench and the jurors filed out, the Crown Prosecutor leaned over. “Congratulations, Brad. A big win. Juries don't split their verdicts like that very often.”
“Thanks. Are you upset?”
“Not really. As Meatloaf used to sing: ‘One out of two ain’t bad’.”
“Actually, he used to sing ‘Two out of three ain’t bad’.”
A laugh. “He did? I should stick to the law. Anyway, the Director will be happy that someone’s going to prison. We’ll get your guy later, when he commits another offence.”
“I hope not.”
“It’s inevitable.”
I grinned. “Not if I appear for him.”
“Hah, now you’re getting overconfident.”
Malcolm turned to chat with his instructing solicitor and I looked across at Murray Maher, still seated, jotting something on a pad. During the trial, it was easy to ignore the fact that Patricia Ransome chose him over me. I now had a chance, if I wanted, to gloat at his expense. But there was no point. The world was a bright and happy place right now. Why sully it? I should accept that Patricia chose him over me and move on. Thinking nasty thoughts about him would turn me into a loser and impede my healing process. I mentally released a dove of peace.
Maher capped his fountain pen, spun around and seemed to size me up for the first time. “Congratulations, that was quite a win.”
I feigned modesty. “The cards fell my way.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“Thanks.”
A handsome smile. “Though, I still wouldn’t swap our clients.”
“Why not?”
He chortled. “Mine put money in trust.”
My goodwill towards him dried up. Maybe I should start gloating? I was tempted to question Patricia's taste in men, but that would open a can of worms. I said: “Is your client going to appeal?”
“Probably, though it will do him no good. Nothing controversial about his conviction.”
Very true. I got to my feet. “I’d better speak to my client.”
“OK, well done.”
I headed over to Clint and Terry Boland, chatting and laughing. Terry gave me a hug that ripped air from my lungs. “Thanks, mate; thanks very much.”
I smiled. “Thanks for being innocent - that always helps.”
He shook his head. “I still can't believe that Gary claimed I shot George. He always said we were mates for life and he’d never betray me. Then he accused me of murder.”
“When you’re facing 30 years behind bars, everyone is a fall-guy.”
"I guess so."
“What will you do now? You going to keep riding around with the Chieftains?”
“Are you kidding? If I do, one of Gary’s mates will slit my throat. I’ll have to be careful as it is. Nah, I’ve learned my lesson. I thought the Chieftains was a big family. It’s not. It’s just trouble.”
“Smart thinking.” I glanced around and saw the courtroom was now almost empty. “We’d better get out of here.”
While Terry waited, Clint and I packed up. Then, I slung my bar bag over my shoulder and looked at Clint, who had loaded his trolley bag for collection. “Alright, let’s go. You can talk to the media.”
He shook his head. “You’re paid to do the talking; you can feed the birdies.”
“OK, let’s go.”
I led them through the foyer and onto the forecourt. Mick Monaghan stood inside a horseshoe of reporters, cameramen and photographers. Murray Maher was nowhere to be seen. He had obviously decided to orphan this defeat.
Monaghan said: “Any reasonable observer who sat through the trial would agree that my client’s conviction was a grave miscarriage of justice. It flew in the face of the evidence. He intends to appeal and expects to succeed. That's all I wish to say at this time. If I say more, I may say something I will regret.”
I led Clint and Terry around the side of the horseshoe. The news personnel saw us and peeled off. We stopped and waited while they re-clustered around us. Reporters spat questions at me, which I ignored. When everyone was ready, I said: “On behalf of Mr Boland, I want to say that he is extremely pleased with the verdict. He has always maintained his innocence and is delighted the jurors accepted that. He wants to thank them for their efforts. That is all.”
A reporter said: “Is this a big win for you?”
I had a cage fight with my ego. “It’s a big win for my client.”
“Mr Boland, how do you feel right now?”
Terry Boland leaned forward as if trying to chew a foam microphone. “I feel fantastic and I want to thank my legal team. They did an incredible job.”
“How do you feel about Gary Murdoch?”
“Gary got what he deserved. Now he's gonna rot in hell for a long time.”
I pushed my way through the press scrum with the others close behind. A couple of cameramen scampered after us as we crossed the forecourt, but fell away when we reached the pavement of Oxford Street.
I turned to Terry Boland. “You’ll have to go back to the prison and collect your stuff. A Sheriff’s Officer might give you a ride back. You should ask.”
“Will do. Thanks for everything.”
I smiled. “Forget it. It was great to finally win one.”
He laughed and gave Clint and me big hugs, before heading off to find a Sheriff’s Officer.
I looked at Clint. “Feel like a beer?”
“Kill for one."
“Let’s find a pub.”
We rambled along Oxford Street towards Hyde Park and found a shabby pub with a gloomy interior and few patrons. We snared a grease-smear table in a dank corner.
Clint said: “The first round is on me.” 
I was shocked. Clint objected, on principle, to buying food or drink for a barrister. He thought, like most solicitors, that briefing the barrister was a sufficient act of generosity. However, he obviously made a key exception when the barrister won a murder trial after running a cut-throat defence. It was appropriate that he did.
I hid my surprise. “OK."
He went over to the counter and returned a minute later with two schooners of beer, which he placed on the table.
I said: "Thanks. I think that's the first beer you've bought me. Too bad you're about to retire."
He grinned. "I didn't want to set a precedent."
I laughed. "No danger of that now."
He lifted his beer. "Well, here's to you, for a great performance.” 
I raised mine and lied. “It was a team effort.”
He shook his head. “I did nothing. I thought we were dead and buried, and acted accordingly. You turned everything around.” 
I sipped the beer. The fact Clint bought it seemed to improve the taste. I realised how much stress I had been under. A skull-clamp loosened and adrenalin swished down a drain. My body went limp. "Thanks."
Clint leaned forward. “I especially enjoyed beating Murray Maher.”
“Why?”
“Takes himself very seriously, does Murray. He looked bloody unhappy when the verdicts were delivered."
“He was quite gracious to me."
“He had no choice. The silly bastard spent the whole trial sleazing up to the female jurors. Got him nowhere in the end."
“He did?”
“Yep, he gave them lots of eye contact. He was really putting in the work. He's a bit of a tart.”
“I didn’t notice.”
A shrug. “It was easier for me to see, I suppose.”
I still refused to think bad thoughts about Maher, because then I would have to dwell on Patricia Ransome. Move on.
Clint quickly finished his beer and eyed me meaningfully. “That tasted good.”
He had obviously decided that I would purchase all further rounds of beer. I did that for the next hour while we discussed the trial. We celebrated our good moves and pretended our bad ones were masterstrokes. 
Clint's primary mission every day was to catch the 5.30 p.m. train home. Nothing could endanger that. We left the pub just after 5 p.m. and headed down Oxford Street to the Museum Station, where we farewelled each other. He ducked into the station and I tramped back to chambers with an increasingly light step.
Thomas Erskine Chambers was almost deserted when I arrived and I was in no mood to hang around. I dumped my bar bag in my room and caught a train to Edgecliff Station, where I purchased a takeaway curry. I carried it back to my apartment and polished it off. I rarely drank at home. But I consumed half a bottle of red while sitting on my couch studying the glistening towers of the city centre. My euphoria was spiced with the knowledge that, if the jurors were in a slightly different mood, I would now be in a pit of sorrow and self-doubt.
The win would have been much more satisfying if I had a partner with whom to celebrate. Patricia Ransome popped into my mind. But there was no point dwelling on her. She was out of reach. In fact, she was probably with Murray Maher right now. In that sense, he was the big winner. I forced myself to forget about her and enjoy the moment, which I did.




CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

My joy did not last long.  At the Bar, good news and bad news orbit around each other. Barristers rarely encounter one without the other popping up.
The next morning, the Boland trial was still dropping pellets of pleasure into my system when I arrived at chambers. However, our receptionist waved me down and said George Rogers, the solicitor for Wayne Newman, phoned the day before. George said the Bar Disciplinary Tribunal would deliver its decision tomorrow morning.  
The next morning, I entered the Tribunal hearing room with a tense-looking Wayne and an already glazed-looking George. Arthur Tucker soon turned up with his instructing solicitor. 
Victor Lomax did not attend. I had phoned Arthur the previous evening and suggested that his presence would be incendiary. "If Wayne tries to beat him up, I don’t intend to stop Wayne. That will be your job."
A chuckle. “OK, I'll make sure he's not there.”
Only Frank Brannigan, the presiding member of the three-person Tribunal panel, turned up to deliver its decision. He read it out in a dead-pan tone. It unfolded much as I expected. After identifying the parties and explaining the nature of the proceedings, Brannigan recited the facts. He described how Lomax approached Wayne after a trial and berated him for playing origami at the bar table to distract the jury. Brannigan said the panel accepted that Lomax “probably” touched Wayne's jabot and “may” have done so deliberately. 
“Mr Newman took offence and punched Mr Lomax on the chin, knocking him to the ground. Mr Newman tried to convince the Tribunal that he only struck a faint blow. However, that is beside the point. Mr Newman struck a fellow practitioner in a courthouse. The force of his blow is immaterial. It is totally unacceptable for one barrister to strike another. He clearly engaged in gross professional misconduct. The punishment imposed must reflects that fact. It should also recognise that, despite the Tribunal twice reprimanding Mr Newman for professional misconduct, he did not mend his ways.
“The Bar Association submitted that Mr Newman should be struck off the Roll of Barristers. The Tribunal has seriously considered that option. However, it will not take it for two reasons. The first is that Mr Newman has pleaded guilty and expressed remorse; the second is that Mr Lomax clearly provoked Mr Newman to behave as he did. Therefore, the Tribunal hereby suspends Mr Newman from practice for two years and orders that he successfully complete a recognised anger management course before being readmitted to practice.” Brannigan glanced at Arthur and me. “Anything further, gentlemen?”
We both said: "No."
"Good, then I adjourn."
As Brannigan strode off the bench, I turned to Wayne, sitting behind me. "It could have been worse.”
A rueful look. “I know."
"Do you want to appeal?"
"Of course not. No point. In fact, the Tribunal only really got one thing wrong."
"What?"
A big grin. "It said I was remorseful. Bullshit. I should have hit the little shit harder."
George said: "Hear, hear."
I said: "Will you retire, or come back in a couple of years?"
"Come back, of course. There are still some judges I haven't annoyed."
He obviously intended to remain a barrister until his last drop of venom ran out. "That’s the spirit. But you’ll have to do an anger management course."
"Sure. I'll suck up and be nice as pie. You watch me." He stood up. "Now, I feel like a beer.”
George's eyes glowed. “I'll join you."
Wayne looked at me. "What about you?"
Christ. It was only 10 a.m. "I've got a few things to do this morning, but I'll join you this afternoon if you're still going."
"We will be."
I went back to chambers and worked solidly until mid-afternoon. Then I joined the two reprobates in the bar of the Tattersalls Club, where they were telling each other tall stories about decent crooks and slimy lawyers and stupid judges. I didn’t bother joining their often incoherent conversation; I just sipped my beer and listened. Despite that, I felt tipsy when we left the bar, just after 6 p.m.
On the pavement outside, Wayne gave me a rib-crushing hug and thanked me for my efforts.
A formal bow. "Think nothing of it."
He slurred badly. "I owes ya a lot. So, I'm gonna to give ya a present."
"Please, don't."
"Don't worry, it’s not much."
"You sure?"
"Yup."
I shrugged. "OK."
"Good. I'll put it on ya desk."
"What is it?"
"Yu'll see."




CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

When I entered my room, the next morning, I sat in my chair and immediately saw the present from Wayne. An origami figure of a crane sat on my desk. Seeing it made me burst out laughing.
A handwritten note lay beside it. I quickly deciphered the spidery script.
"Thanks for everything, mate. This is the original crane! Thought you might like it - Wayne."

I was deeply touched. Wayne was an infuriating bastard. But gestures like this one towered over his defects. After studying the crane for a while - it showed real craftsmanship - I carefully put it in an envelope so I could take it home.
Unfortunately, soon afterward, my day turned sour. I got a telephone call from Alex Michaelis, the solicitor at Scullin & Crosbie who briefed me to defend Derek Hoogland against a drink-driving charge. Alex had sent the NSW Police Service a letter which I drafted. It asked the police to withdraw the charge because Hoogland was illegally breath-tested at home. Alex now told me that the police had agreed to withdraw the charge.
I felt conflicted. The police had stuffed up and the charge had to be dropped. I also felt professional satisfaction at achieving a favourable outcome for my client. However, I did not like clearing the way for Hoogland to be appointed to the Court of Appeal. It also stuck in my craw that Wayne Newman would spend two years out of the profession for a lesser offence.
I said: "Have you told Hoogland?"
"Yes, I phoned him five minutes ago. He's delighted, of course."
"That's good." My annoyance surfaced. "I'll be delighted, too, if he pays the invoice I sent you a month ago."
A pause. "I sent it to Derek. He said he'd talk to you about it. Has he done that?"
"No. What does he want to talk about?”
"He didn't say. Do you want me to ask him?"
Time to have a few words with Hoogland. "No, I'll ask him myself."
"OK. Well done."
"Thanks."
I walked down the corridor to Hoogland's room and stepped through an open doorway. He sat on a throne-like chair behind a huge mahogany desk. He was writing some great thoughts on a lonely piece of blank paper that lay ostentatiously in the middle of his desk. His chosen implement was a chunky fountain pen instead of a quill.
His room, the biggest on the floor, was furnished with expensive antique reproductions. I stopped beside a glass cabinet full of Chinese porcelain. Ming Dynasty or reject crockery? I had no idea. I bet Hoogland didn’t either.
He looked up, a little startled. "Hello, Brad."
"Good morning. You've heard that the police dropped the charge against you?"
"Yes, and I'm very grateful. It opens the way for my appointment to the Court of Appeal. That will be announced in the next few days.”
I suppressed my instinct to be polite. "Your gratitude has not extended to paying me."
A long pause. "You've charged $9,000. That's a lot of money."
He charged twice that every day. "I sent you a fee disclosure letter. You did not object."
"I assumed you would eventually waive you fee."
Top marks for effrontery. "Why?"
"We are colleagues."
"I regard that as a burden, not a blessing; I expect to be paid."
He scowled and his voice grated even more than usual. "You should reduce your fee."
"Forget it."
"Why not?"
"You don’t deserve it.”
Anger improved his pallid face. "I had hoped we could put the past behind us."
"We can't."
A dismissive wave. "Well, I'll get around to paying you, don't worry."
"You've already taken too long. If I am not paid, within two days, I will sue you in the Local Court.  That is a promise."
"You won't dare."
"I'll do it for fun. I'll serve you in your judge's chambers if necessary."
After a long and angry pause, he growled. "You will be paid.”
"Good."
At that moment, I actually felt some sympathy for him. Being Hoogland was obviously not easy, even for Hoogland.

I spent the rest of the day ploughing through chamber work and arrived home dog tired. I flopped onto the couch and watched the ABC Evening News. The professional cue-card reader had a prehensile jaw and teeth that could chomp through shark netting. Only the fourth item caught my interest. It was about the prosecution of Derek Oldfield, the surgeon accused of cutting up his wife and burying her body parts in bushland. Patricia Ransome had mentioned, many months ago, that she was acting for Oldfield and had briefed Murray Maher to defend him. After that, I lost track of the case.
The news announcer said that Oldfield had pleaded guilty and appeared that day at a sentencing hearing in the Supreme Court. At the end of it, the judge sentenced him to 25 years in prison with a minimum period of 18 years.
The news item included the usual footage of relatives of the victim, standing outside of the Supreme Court Building, complaining that the sentence was too light. It also showed Oldfield's legal team leaving the building. Patricia marched past the camera with a silk called Mike Greer. Seeing her caused me some heartburn, but seeing Mike caused me even more. Why did she brief him to appear at the hearing? What happened to Murray Maher? Maher would have loved to appear at such a major hearing.
Maybe Patricia had a falling out with Maher and gave him the boot. During the Boland trial, I heard him talk to a woman on the phone about dinner. I assumed he was talking to Patricia. Maybe he was talking to someone else. He did not mention the woman’s name, after all.
I told myself I didn’t care if Patricia had broken up with Maher. True, I would feel pleased, in a nasty way, if she had. But there was no hope of us ever getting back together again. She gave me my marching orders. It was over.
However, I knew Mike Greer quite well. I could easily drop into his chambers tomorrow morning and casually ask what happened to Murray Maher. I knew I shouldn't; I knew it was pointless; I knew I would.


CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

Mike Greer belonged to Arthur Piddington Chambers, housed on the floor below mine. Early the next morning, I caught a lift down to it and wandered around to his large room.  
Mike was a tall, pot-bellied man who never set a courtroom alight. But he never set his client alight either. A very safe pair of hands. I stuck my head through his doorway and caught him thundering away on his computer keyboard like a concert pianist.
"Hello, Mike."
He swung around. "Hello, Brad. What are you doing here?"
"Oh, I'm visiting someone and thought I'd say hello. I saw you on TV yesterday, after the Oldfield hearing. Interesting case."
"True. I was tempted to put my client before a jury. But he had no hope. Had to plead guilty."
"I'm sure you're right." I slouched against a wall and tried to sound casual. "I heard that Murray Maher was appearing for him."
"He was, but he lost the brief."
I stared vacantly out the window. "Oh, what happened?"
"My instructing solicitor, Patricia Ransome, got pissed off with him. In fact, she's given me three of his briefs."
My heart frolicked. "Really?"
"Yes."
"Why did she get pissed off?”
“Don’t know. I didn't ask. Just counted my lucky stars."
I pushed off the wall and shrugged. "Fair enough. I’ll see you around."
He looked puzzled. “Sure.”
I wandered back to my chambers with a lot on my mind. I thought I was well along the road to recovering from Patricia. This latest revelation, which infected me with the hope of a reconciliation, was a definite setback. I would only continue my recovery if I crushed any hope and forgot about her. That would not be easy. But I should manage if I didn’t run into her again.



CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

That evening, just after 7 p.m., I got off the train at Edgecliff Station and trudged up the hill to my apartment block. I turned towards the entrance and received a jolt. Patricia Ransome sat on a low wall, just outside it, still in her work clothes. Christ. The last person I expected to see sitting there.
A dry mouth. “Hello, this is a surprise.”
She stood and looked startled. “Hello, Brad. I was afraid you’d work late. Thank God you didn’t.”
“You could have phoned.”
“I thought I’d better, umm, speak to you direct.”
“Why - what’s happening?”
She looked uncertain. “Can we have a chat?”
“Sure. Come upstairs; I’ll get you a drink.”
She nodded. “Thanks.”
I nervously swiped us into the building. We got into a lift and rose towards the 15th floor in silence. I felt like I was waiting for a jury verdict. Why was she here? I could think of a few good reasons and plenty of bad ones. I mentally assumed the brace position.
Inside my apartment, I asked if she wanted a drink.
“Something red, would be nice.” She knew there was no point being more specific with me.
I ducked into the kitchen and poured us both a glass of “red” from a disreputable vineyard.
I went back into the living room, where she now sat on the couch, and passed her a glass. “Best I can do, I'm afraid.”
A nervous sip. “It tastes fine. Congratulations on the ‘cut-throat’ trial, by the way. That was a big win.”
I sat on an armchair and sipped the wine with fake calm. “Thanks. Murray Maher was not happy.”
“I’m not surprised. He took a beating.”
“Have you spoken to him about it?”
“No, I haven’t spoken to him for a couple of months.”
My heart frolicked in a lush paddock. “Really?”
“Yes, we’re not seeing each other anymore.”
I struggled to stay calm. “Oh, what happened?”
She frowned. “I should never have started seeing him in the first place. That’s what happened.”
I tried to guess the end-point of this conversation and had to restrain myself. “Why not?”
Words rushed out. “You see, after you dumped me, I started briefing him and, well, one thing led to another. I was lonely and depressed, and he’s an attractive guy, superficially at least. I was sucked in, anyway. Eventually, though, I realised we weren’t going anywhere and stopped seeing him. That was when you reappeared on the scene.”
“Then, he returned?”
“Yes.” She sipped from a quivering glass. “He claimed he’d wised up and learned his lesson, and so forth. He can be very charming and got right under my skin.”
“That’s why you were so distant with me?”
“Yes. I didn't know who to choose. Neither of you was a dependable option. I was a bit of a mess, actually. Then, you saw him outside my apartment and forced me to make a decision. You were always going to lose that one, I’m afraid. I couldn’t keep you waiting around while I sorted out who I wanted. Murray won by default.”
“Have you now sorted out who you want?”
A shrug. “I’ve sorted out that I don’t want him. Soon after you disappeared, I realized that I’d made a big mistake. Murray said he’d changed, but hadn’t, really. He’s pretty shallow. When he’s with you, he’s not really with you.”
 “I’ve done some pretty shallow things myself. In fact, if I recall, I started this whole mess a long time ago, when I ran away.”
“That’s true. But I think you can learn and improve. He can’t.”
“So, you broke up with him again?”
“Yup, I’d finally had enough.”
“Why didn’t you tell me you did that?”
“Because I wanted to clear my head - you guys really messed it up - and I assumed you wouldn’t be interested in me anymore.”
“Then, why are you here?”
A jittery smile. “I spoke to Mike Greer this afternoon. He said you asked him why I briefed him to appear at the Oldfield hearing rather than Murray.”
Hope squeezed my chest. “So?”
“You obviously wanted to know if I had dumped Murray for some reason.”
I nodded. “You’re right, I did.”
“I also wondered if you were trying to send me a message, through Mike, to contact you.”
I smiled. “That would be pretty devious of me.”
She smiled back. “It would, wouldn’t it?”
I shrugged. “OK, I guess I was.”
She paused. “You mean, you still … maybe … like me?”
My whole body tingled. Words clogged my throat. “I’ve never stopped liking you.”
Her coal-black eyes went moist. “That’s good.” A tentative smile. “We’re not very good at this, are we?”
“We’re hopeless.”
“So, umm, what do we do now?”
Stay calm. Don't snatch at the prize. Cup the moment gently. We had a long journey to reach safe ground. I stood up. “We go out to dinner. I’m buying. I’ll tell you about the 'cut-throat defence' trial.”
She smiled. “Excellent.”
I had put the origami figure that Wayne gave me on the coffee table. She stood and pointed at it. “What’s that?"
“It’s a crane. Wayne Newman gave it to me."
“You mean, your mate who recently got suspended for two years?”
“Yes.”
“He made it himself?”
“Yes, at the bar table during a trial.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
"Why did he do that?”
“He was doing his job.”
“What do you mean?”
"It's a long story. I'll tell over dinner.”
“OK. I can’t wait.”

THE END
