






DANGEROUS DANA
A Suspense Thriller
Volume 5

by 
Doris Miller






















Published by:

Hill Publications
Queens, New York



DANGEROUS DANA
A Suspense Thriller
Volume 5

by 
Doris Miller

This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and events depicted in this novel are the author's creation and any resem­blance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is uninten­tional and purely coincidental.

Copyright © 1999 by Doris Miller
All rights reserved
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
First print version January 1999

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, digital or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, posting on the Internet/World Wide Web or by any information storage and retrieval system without written permission from the author or publisher except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review.
Book design, backcover art and production, by The Floating Gallery, 331 West 57th St., #465, New York, NY 10019 (Phone/Fax: 212.399.1961)
Cover art by VICTOLEE
1. Title. 2. Author

Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 97-95029
ISBN No. 0-9662055-0-2 Softcover








DANGEROUS DANA
A Suspense Thriller
Volume 5

Synopsis


Dana Brown is a gorgeous young black female. She was born in Jamaica, West Indies. Dana has a golden-tan complexion and mysterious green eyes. She has a unique mysteri­ous beauty that is so unearthly and so sinister.  She has broad dark eyebrows with deep-set eyes. She has long black wavy hair, which hangs down her back. She has very large bones and stands at 5' 6" tall. She has a strong muscular physique. She is a physically strong person, especially when angry.  She is a very athletic per­son. She has been athletic since childhood. Dana dresses a lot in turtlenecks and stretch jeans.
Dana Brown is one of eight children. They were all born in Jamaica, West Indies. Dana is the eldest daughter in the family. She grew up with two older brothers named Sammy and Thomas. Dana has four younger sisters named Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda. Landa, Londa and Linda are all identical triplets. Dana and her sis­ters also have a younger brother named Robert, who is the youngest of all the siblings.
Dana's mother Christine is a lovely black woman with a very youthful appearance. She was born and raised in Jamaica, West Indies. She has a medium reddish-brown complexion with broad dark eyebrows and dark Asian like eyes. She has very dark hair, which she keeps styled in bangs and long dreadlocks tied in a pony-tail. She stands at 5' 4" tall. Christine has two older brothers named Alan and Harold, and a sister named Patricia.  Their mother Marie Carter is a beautiful black woman with a beautiful dark skin complexion. She has shoulder length hair, which she sometimes wraps in a scarf or turban. Christine's father Winston is a handsome black man with a golden-brown complexion. He shares a striking resem­blance to Christine.
Dana's father David, is a handsome black man. He shares a strik­ing resemblance to Dana. He has a light complexion with very dark hair and deep-set eyes. He comes from a very large family. He is also one of eight children. He has 4 brothers named Kevin, Willie, Barry and Ronald. He also has 3 sisters named Celeste, Jean and Laura. Their mother Gracy is a beautiful black woman with Afro-American Indian heritage. She has a golden-brown complexion with long dark hair and very dark eyes. David's father Mike is a handsome black man with Afro-European heritage. He is fair complexioned with dark hair and dark deep-set eyes. He also shares a striking resem­blance to Dana. He and his wife Gracy have close to 30 grandchil­dren, including Dana and her siblings.
Dana's two older brothers, Sammy and Thomas are two very handsome black men with golden-brown complexions, dark eyes and wavy black hair. Sammy is 3 years older than Dana. He also shares a strik­ing resemblance to Dana. Sammy's younger brother Thomas is 1 year younger than him.
Dana's younger sister Missy is a lovely black woman who is two years younger than Dana. She has a slender built and stands at 5' 5" tall. She has a light complexion with long dark hair and dark brown eyes. Dana's three triplet sisters Landa, Londa and Linda are three gorgeous black women, who are two years younger than Missy. They share a striking resemblance to their mother Christine. They have golden-brown complexions with long dark hair and beautiful dark eyes like their mother Christine. Dana's youngest brother Robert is a handsome black man who is 3 years younger than the triplets. He shares a resemblance to the triplets.
Dana and her siblings were raised in Jamaica, West Indies, by parents Christine and David, and Christine's parents, Winston and Marie Carter.
When Dana was growing up in Jamaica, her family practically all lived under the same roof along with Christine's family members and a few other relatives.
As Dana was growing up, she grew up a hard tough person.  She was sort of a tomboy growing up. She would climb trees and jump fences along with her two older brothers Sammy and Thomas, and their many cousins. She would play wrestle with her two older brothers. She would also go fishing with them. She loved to do everything her brothers did.
Dana would sometimes get very angry and serious as a child. She would get into fights with boys. She would get into fights with girls. She would put up a fight with anyone to defend herself or her loved ones. She seemed to fear no one. Dana would fight anyone who bothered or harassed her or any of her loved ones! She would not back down from anybody! She was very protective of her fami­ly, especially her sisters.
Dana's four younger sisters Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda had always feared her for some reason nobody ever knew. Even as adults, Dana's sisters still fear her to this day! They never fight nor talk back to Dana. They do not like to upset Dana. They had always respected and obeyed everything Dana tells them.
When Dana was around 10-years old, her family moved from Jamaica, West Indies. They all came to the U.S. to live in Rosedale, Queens, NY with David's parents, Mike and Gracy Brown. There, Dana grew up under the same roof with a lot of other relatives and cousins.
When Dana and her siblings all reached adulthood, their mother Christine moved back to Jamaica, West Indies, where she bought and owns a couple of businesses. Christine would travel back and forth to New York to visit David and the children. David and the children would travel back and forth to Jamaica to visit Christine.

Dana has a wonderful boyfriend named Tony who is a year older than Dana. He has brown eyes and wavy brown hair. He goes to work at the bank every day.  He and Dana have been going steady with each other since late High School years, when Dana was 17 and Tony was 18. Tony and Dana have no children. They have lived together for about 4 or 5 years. They live in an apartment building in Queens, New York.

Dana always hangs out with her cousin Diane D from the DIANE D Series: DIANE D The Musical Drama, DIANE D In The Headlines, DIANE D And The Other Personality and forthcoming book DIANE D The Return Of The Other Personality.  Diane D was born in the Dominican Republic.  She is a year younger than Dana.  She and Dana grew up together even though they were born in separate Caribbean countries. They share the same paternal grandparents, Gracy and Mike. Diane D's father Barry, is the brother of Dana's father David.  Diane D is married to a wonderful black man named Michael, who is a very close friend of Tony‘s.

Dana also has a close friend that she drives to work with everyday named Teresa a very beautiful black woman with a dark skinned complex­ion and dark shoulder length hair. She stands around 5' 5" tall. She has a wonderful boyfriend named Joseph, who is also a close friend of Tony and Michael.  Joseph and Teresa hang out a lot with Dana and Tony, including Diane D and Michael. All three couples triple date a lot. They would all travel together. They would do activities together. They would go to the movies, the beach, bowling, amusement parks, dinners, dances, parties, trips, fishing and long drives to the mountains.






Chapter 1

Going Camping


It is a nice spring Sunday morning. The day is partly sunny and partly cloudy. Dana, Tony and their friends Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph are all heading out camping together. They are heading out to Bear Mountain State Park, in Upstate New York. They are traveling in Dana's car, which is a dark blue Oldsmobile Sedan. They are taking the long drive on the Palisades Parkway in New Jersey as Tony sits behind the wheel driving and Dana sits in the front seat beside him. The other two couples Diane D and Michael, and Teresa and Joseph are all sitting in the back seat. After the long drive, the three couples unpack their things out of the car trunk to start camping. They camp out all day.
Several hours later, it is almost getting dark. The clouds are get­ting thicker. It is time to leave the camp area. The fellows pack the heavy belongings back up and carry them down the hill, back to the car. The women stay behind a little to clean up the picnic area. As the fellows reach back to the car, they discover that one of the tires on Dana's car is flat. Tony and the guys call out to the women. As the women approach the top of the hill, Tony calls out, "WE HAVE A FLAT TIRE DANA!" Dana, who is dressed in a white turtleneck shirt with rolled up sleeves to her elbows, medium blue jeans with black sneakers and a long thick braid hanging down her back, hur­ries down the hill. Diane D and Teresa hurry behind Dana. They are also dressed in white turtleneck shirts and blue jeans. They follow closely behind Dana as Dana starts to slow down and gives a firm walk towards her vehicle. Dana looks at her vehicle, wondering what had happened. Tony, frustrated, tells Dana, "I don't know how in the world the tire got flat! I don't remember driving over any glass or hitting over anything on the road!"
Dana's deep hoarse voice tells Tony, "The tire is probably sitting on a nail or glass right now!"
"Yeah? Well either way, the tire has to be changed! I hope there's an extra spare tire in the trunk because we had just put a spare on a few days ago!"
"I had picked up a spare the day before. It's way down the bot­tom of the trunk."
"Oh really?"
"Yeah."
Tony and the fellows go to the bottom of the trunk. They pull out the spare to change the tire. As the fellows change the tire, Dana, Diane D and Teresa all stand behind looking on. Diane D then bends over a little with her hands on her knees and tells the fellows, "It's gonna be dark pretty soon! The clouds are getting thicker! It looks like a thunderstorm is coming! You guys won't be able to see what you're doing! You all better hurry up!"
"We are, we are," Michael tells her as he and the fellows con­tinue to change the tire.
The fellows soon finish changing the tire. They start to pack all the belongings back into the trunk. Then they all hop back into Dana's vehicle and take off. Tony is back behind the wheel driving as they start the long drive back home towards Queens, New York. As they are driving, a thunderstorm hits! Heavy rain starts to pour! They are all glad that there was an extra spare tire in the trunk, so that they are able to make it back home.
The next Monday morning, Tony leaves very early in Dana's car. He buys and picks up a brand new spare tire for her vehicle. He does not want Dana to be stuck out anywhere without any good spare tires. He wants Dana to have good spare tires for when she drives back and forth to work.
After Tony finishes buying the tire, he drives Dana's car back home to pick her up, so she can drive to work with her car.
As Tony brings Dana's car back home, he parks the car in front of the building, waiting for Dana to come out. Dana soon comes out of the building and approaches her vehicle. She gets inside her car on the passenger side.  Tony then pulls off and drives to the train sta­tion. When he reaches the train station, he kisses Dana and tells her, "I'll see you later."
"Okay," Dana says as Tony gets out of the vehicle.
Tony then closes the driver's door as Dana slides over to the dri­ver's seat. He waves goodbye to Dana, then goes to the train station. Dana takes over the wheel, then pulls off.
Dana, who regularly leaves her apartment every morning and goes to pick up Teresa, arrives in front of Teresa's building. Teresa comes out of her building and approaches Dana's car. Once Teresa gets inside the car, Dana pulls off. They then drive off to work together. They both start to head out towards Long Island City, Queens where they both work every morning at a large stockroom department. After work, they drive back home together every day. Dana would drop Teresa off in front of Teresa's building. Dana would then drive off.
































Chapter 2

The Assault


One afternoon, Dana and Teresa are driving back home from work together. They exit the highway and start to drive down a local street in Jamaica, Queens. As they are driving home, Dana decides to stop into a local store in the neighborhood. She pulls her car into a parking space and parks her vehicle. Dana, who is dressed in a short dark brown leather jacket, dark brown pants, black sneakers and a long thick braid hanging down her back, gets out of her vehi­cle. She and Teresa start to walk towards the store. They both reach the store and go inside where there are several people in there. Dana and Teresa go to pick out a few items. After they finish picking out some items, they go to stand on a line. As they are standing on the line, Dana notices a big guy, a black male, standing directly behind her. He seems to be standing too close to the pocket of her jacket. As Dana and Teresa finish their purchase, they turn to leave the store. When they walk out of the store, Dana feels her jacket pocket. She does not feel her wallet inside! She tells Teresa, "Hey! My wallet is missing!"
"Your wallet is missing? What do you mean your wallet is miss­ing?"
"It's not in my pocket where I left it!"
Teresa feels Dana's jacket pockets and asks, "Are you sure you left your wallet in here?"
"Yeah I'm sure!  I saw a guy standing too close behind me in the store!   I think he took my damn wallet!"
"Oh really?"
"Yeah," Dana says. She then frowns and angrily says, "I'm gonna get my wallet back!" Dana turns away! She angrily storms back into the store as Teresa follows behind her! Dana and Teresa look for the fellow, but do not see him around anywhere. They continue to look for the fellow, but still do not see him anywhere in the store. They decide to go outside the store to see if the fellow had gone out yet. They look up and down the street. As they look up and down the street, Dana finally spots the guy! She angrily hurries towards the fellow with Teresa following closely behind her! Dana soon approaches the fellow! She angrily demands him her wallet back!
The guy tells Dana, "I don't know what you're talking about Miss! I don't have any wallet!"
"My wallet is missing from my jacket pocket and you were standing right behind me! Give me back my wallet," Dana angrily tells the guy! The guy keeps denying ever taking Dana's wallet! He and Dana start to get into a heated argument right in the street!
The store manager comes out of die store and approaches them. He shouts, "WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON HERE?" A crowd starts to gather. The guy does not want all this attention, so he decides to give in and hands Dana back her wallet. Dana takes her wallet back and looks through it. She stuffs it back into her jacket pocket. Then she takes a large juice glass bottle out of a brown paper bag and bashes the bottle right onto the guy's head! Blood, glass and juice splatter everywhere as the guy screams and hollers out in pain! He falls to the ground like he is about to pass out! Teresa, the store manager and the crowd see this and start to gasp! They are all shocked and stunned! Dana then shouts to the guy, "THAT'LL TEACH YOU NEXT TIME!" She firmly walks away from the inci­dent as if nothing happened! Teresa is still shocked! She does not know what to do!
As Dana is walking away towards her car, Teresa nervously hur­ries behind her! The guy continues to lay on the ground in agony! He continues to bleed all over the place!
Dana reaches her car and hops inside her vehicle! Teresa hops inside the car as Dana starts up the engine! Dana then pulls off very fast!
A short while later, the police and the paramedics arrive.­  A larger crowd has gathered. The police start to investigate the incident. They are questioning the crowd and the store manager, asking them did they see anything. No one in the crowd is sure of what happened. The store manager talks to the police as the injured guy still lies on the ground, bleeding very heavily! Blood is all over the place! Glass and juice are all over the place! The paramedics then put the guy onto a stretcher. They lift him up and put him into an ambulance! They then race the guy away to the hospital!
A few people give the police a description of Dana. They also give Dana's license plate number. A few eyewitnesses who do not want to be identified claim to the police that Dana had struck the guy after he handed her, her wallet back.
A couple of hours later, the police catch up with Dana and arrest her! Dana is kept at the police station all night long. She claims to the police that the guy had tried to rob her. She claims to the police that she was only acting in self-defense. Her family and friends are there at the police precinct, including her boyfriend Tony.
A couple of hours later, after everyone had sat around waiting all night long at the police station, Dana is finally released. She is released into her family's custody. She has a date to appear in court. Her family and friends then take her home.
Dana's court date arrives. She appears in court with her family and her friends. She still claims that the guy had tried to rob her and that she was only acting in self-defense. Charges are pending against Dana. She is then put on probation. She is ordered to do communi­ty services for three months for aggravated assault! She is ordered to work at a Community Center on the weekends for free, or face 30 days in jail! Dana is very upset about the order. She sits in the chair being very bitter! Her family and friends are all surrounding her, try­ing to comfort her! After court, Dana is released back into her fam­ily's custody. She will start to work at the Community Center on the weekends as part of her probation. She has to work there on the weekends for three months.



















Chapter 3

Dana's Probation


It is now the weekend. Dana is working at the Community Center. She is working inside one of the offices. She has her hair back in a long thick braid and is dressed in a white turtleneck shirt with rolled up sleeves to her elbows. She is also wearing a pair of light blue jeans and thick black sneakers. She is working on the com­puters and the copy machines. She is piled with paper work. Two of her sisters, Missy and Linda, one of the triplets, are there inside the office with her, helping her out. They are both dressed in turtlenecks and jeans also. They both sit on each side of Dana. Dana then stands and turns around towards a table. She stands over the table to look at some papers. Missy starts to grab some papers off the desk.
Diane D and Teresa soon enter the office. As they enter the office, they see a frustrated Dana standing and fussing at her sister Missy. They see Missy nervously and obediently responding, laying the papers back down on the table as Linda quietly and nervously looks on. Diane D and Teresa say, "Hello." They then ask, "Do you need any extra help Dana?"
"No, that's okay," Dana calmly tells them. She turns back around and sits back down to work on the computers and the copy machines. Diane D and Teresa sit inside the office with Dana and her sisters for a while to keep them company.
A stranger soon walks into the office. The stranger, a middle aged black male with a medium built smiles and says 'Hello' to everyone. Teresa and Missy smile and say 'hello' back to the gentleman. Dana and her sister Linda do not speak back to the gen­tleman. The gentleman sees Dana at the machines. He asks her, "Excuse me Miss? Could you make several copies for me please?" He then hands Dana the papers to copy. Dana takes the papers and sits at the machines for a while making the copies. Missy, Linda, Diane D and Teresa are all sitting around Dana, watching her make the copies.
After Dana finishes making the copies, she hands the gentleman back the copies and the originals. The gentleman smiles and thanks her. He then asks, "How much do I owe you?"
"Two fifty," Dana tells him. Her green eyes frown towards the gentleman's pocket as he reaches into it.
The gentleman takes the change out of his pocket and hands Dana 2 dollars and 50 cents. He smiles and says, "Thank you." Dana takes the change. Without saying another word, she turns back around towards the computers and the copy machines, going about her business. The gentleman looks at Dana stunned. Diane D, Teresa and Missy all notice Dana's rudeness. The gentleman then turns around to leave the office.  Teresa and Missy sadly stare at the gentleman as he leaves the office. They then look at each other and secretly shrug their shoulders to each other. They then look at Dana. She just continues to work back on the computers and the machines, not giving the gentleman another thought.

After an hour, the gentleman comes across Diane D, Teresa and Michael at a front desk in the lobby. He sees Diane D and Teresa talking with a black woman who is holding her male toddler as the toddler drinks and sucks on his milk bot­tle.  The gentleman starts to talk to Michael. 
Dana suddenly walks by several yards away with an older dark-haired Hispanic woman.  She rudely calls out across the lobby and shouts, "HEY DIANE!"  Diane D and everyone else turn around to look as Dana shouts, "THIS LADY NEEDS YOUR HELP PICKING UP SOME BOXES FROM DOWNSTAIRS!"
"OH YEAH?" Diane D shouts back. Dana firmly looks out at Diane D as Diane D shouts, "I'M NOT SURE HOW MANY BOXES ARE LEFT DOWN THERE! I THINK THERE MIGHT ONLY BE A FEW MORE! HOW MANY DOES SHE NEED?"
"I NEED THREE BOXES, PLEASE," the woman calls out.
"OKAY MISS, I'LL BE RIGHT THERE!”
"OKAY," the woman calls out. The woman then turns to Dana and tells her, "Thank you." Without saying a single word, Dana rudely turns away from the woman. She goes up a staircase, going about her business, not looking back at the woman. The woman looks at Dana stunned. The woman and the gentleman both stare at Dana as Dana goes up the staircase. The gentleman then turns to Diane D, Teresa and Michael and asks, "Excuse me but, can I ask you all a question?"
"A question?” Michael asks.  “What is it?"
"That girl that just came over there, and then went up the stairs? The one that you two girls were sitting inside the office with?"
"Who Dana?" Diane D asks. "What about her?"
"Does she ever smile?"
Michael and Teresa start to chuckle as Michael says, “You aren't the first person to ask that question about Dana.  A lot of people ask that question about her.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“I've seen that girl a couple of differ­ent times before. She doesn't seem too friendly."
"She's not. That's just Dana's personality. We don't understand it ourselves why Dana hardly ever smiles and why she seems to be so moody and cranky all the time.  Dana is surrounded by lots of love from her family and her friends who all seem to really love and care very much about her. There are a lot of people who don't have that. Sometimes when Dana wakes up in the morning, it looks like she's mad at the whole entire world!  We would see her in the morning and take one look at her face, then I would know to keep my mouth shut and just leave her alone.  One day a couple of years ago, we were all at some party. We were all deciding on what game to play. Then one guy at the party had jokingly suggested to play a game called, 'Who can make Dana smile?' The guy had jokingly suggested that whoever can make Dana smile will win a free trip. Dana frowned at the fel­low, and then she just turned around and walked away without say­ing a single word. Everyone at the party was stunned.  It was obvious that Dana didn't find the joke funny.  The guy that made the joke felt so bad about it, that he went to look for Dana to apologize to her."
"The guy told Dana that he felt real bad about making the joke," Teresa says.
“The only reason why Dana is working here in the first place is because she's on probation."
"Probation?" the gentleman asks.
"Yeah. The courts had ordered Dana to do community services on an assault charge she has against her. She has to do community service on the weekends for three months, that's why she's here. She doesn't want to be here."
Diane D turns to assist the woman that Dana had brought waiting for her and takes her away.

At Dana's grandparents' house, two of the other triplets, Landa and Londa come down the staircase. Their grandmother Gracy looks at them and asks, "Where are you two going?"
"We're going to visit Dana down at the Community Center Grandma," Londa says.
"Oh that's good! Missy and Linda are already over there helping Dana out. I think Diane, Michael and Teresa are there also."
"Well what about Tony?" Landa asks. "He's not there?"
"No not yet. I think he's supposed to stop by there later on."
"Okay Grandma. We're getting ready to head down there now," Londa says as she and Landa head for the front door.
Landa opens the front door as Gracy says, "Okay. I'll see you when you all get back.”
"Okay Grandma," Landa says. "See you later."
"Okay," Gracy says as she watches Landa and Londa leave the house, then head down the street.





































Chapter 4

Dana's Mugging


The weekend is now over. It is Monday morning. Dana is inside her apartment, getting ready to leave for work. The telephone rings. Dana picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
Missy, who is on the other end of the telephone, says, "Hi Dana. It's me Missy. Dana could you do me a favor please? Could you pick me up real quick and drop me off at the school? I'm running late!"
"Okay Missy. I'll be in front of the house in a little while. I'll beep the horn and wait for you outside."
"Okay Dana! Thanks!"
Dana hangs up the telephone. She grabs a light jacket and leaves her apartment.
Around 15 minutes later, Dana pulls up in front of her grand­parents' house. Missy hurries outside the house. She goes and hops into Dana's car. Dana then pulls off.
Dana drops Missy off at an elementary school in Jamaica, Queens where Missy works. Missy opens up the car door and tells Dana, "I'll see you later Dana. Thanks again."
"Okay," Dana says as Missy gets out of the car. Missy closes the car door. She waves goodbye to Dana as Dana pulls off.
Missy goes near the school entrance and meets up with Raymond, one of her co-workers. Raymond, a stocky 37 year old male who is fair complexioned with brown wavy hair and a mus­tache, smiles at Missy and says, "Hello."
Missy then sees Raymond's girlfriend Kathy, who is fair complexioned with short dark brown curly hair, staring angrily from a distance. Missy asks Raymond, "Does Kathy still think that there is something going on between me and you?"
"Yes she still does Missy. I keep telling her that you and I are just friends and co-workers!  She still doesn't want to hear it."
"You know she needs to stop being so insecure."
"I know Missy, but somehow she sees you as a threat. I tell Kathy time and time again that there is nothing going on between me and you, absolutely nothing!"
"Well it's obvious she doesn't trust you Raymond."
"Well maybe she doesn't trust you Missy."
Missy looks at Raymond. She and Raymond then go inside the school. Kathy continues to stare angrily from down the street.
Dana continues to drive. She then stops her car in front of Teresa's building and sits there. Teresa soon leaves her apartment building and approaches Dana's car. They then drive off to work together. They soon reach their job at the stockroom department in Long Island City, Queens. They both stay at the job, working all day inside the stockroom with around 20 other employees.
The work day is now over. Dana and Teresa leave their job at the stockroom department. They hop into Dana's car and drive off.

Around an hour later, Dana pulls her car up in front of her grandparents’ house with Teresa. Diane D comes out of the house and approach­es Dana's car. Once Diane D gets inside the backseat, the three women start to head off.
It is a few hours later. It is getting dark. Dana, Diane D and Teresa finish shopping. They bring out their bags of merchandise and walk back to Dana's car. They put all the bags into the trunk. Dana then closes the car trunk. She, Teresa and Diane D all hop back into the car and start to head for home.
After Dana drops Diane D and Teresa off, she drives into her neighborhood and parks her car. After she parks her car, she gets out and takes her bags and packages. She starts to walk towards her building.  As she is walking towards her building, a black male around his mid 20's walks past her. As he walks past Dana, he tries to snatch her bags! He grabs a hold of Dana's bags and tries to run off with them, but Dana does not let go! She holds tightly on to her bags! The fellow continues to grab onto Dana's bags as she holds tightly onto them, refusing to let go! Suddenly, Dana kicks the guy real hard in the groin!  As the guy bawls over in pain, a second guy, a taller black male in his mid to late 20's comes out of nowhere and knocks Dana down to the ground! He grabs Dana's belongings and runs off! The first guy hurries behind him and they both run off very quickly with Dana's bags and belongings! Both guys run off and dis­appear into the distance!
Several witnesses, who had seen what happened to Dana, quick­ly run over to help her as she gets up! They anxiously ask her, "Are you alright Miss?" They start to hold on to Dana! Dana tries to break away from the witnesses' hold so she can go after the guys and get her belongings back! The witnesses continue to hold on to Dana, telling her, "It is too dangerous to go after those guys Miss! You should go make a report of this incident to the police!"
"I WILL GO MAKE A REPORT OF THIS TO THE POLICE, IF YOU WOULD JUST LET ME GO," Dana angrily shouts as she desperately struggles to break free from the witnesses' hold! She finally breaks free from the witnesses' hold, which almost causes her to fall! She quickly catches her balance and runs off quickly after the guys! The witnesses watch Dana stunned! Dana continues to race off very fast! She then approaches the street corner and stops! Her face is red with anger as she looks her head around for the guys! She does not see the guys or know where they are or know where they had ran off! She doesn't think that the guys could have gone off too far yet, so she hurries back to her car!
The guys continue to run as fast as they can! They get tired and start to slow down. They decide to take a rest. They go and rest behind a bush. The first guy who Dana had kicked in the groin area painfully holds on to himself as they both sit, trying to catch their breath! The second guy asks him, "Are you alright?"
"I sure hope so! Boy that woman gave a mighty hard kick," the first guy says as he painfully continues to hold on to his groin. He then asks, "So what did you get?"
"Let's see," the second guy says as they start to go through Dana's belongings, trying to see what they can find. They take a few things out. They then rest for about a half-hour. Afterwards, they decide to go and start walking again.
It is now dark. Dana drives around in her car, looking for the guys. She doesn't go to make a report of the incident to the police; she just drives around, waiting to find the guys.
As Dana drives for almost an hour, she later spots the same two guys walking down a street.  She stops her vehicle at a far distance away from the guys, where they can't see her! She quickly gets out of her car with a screwdriver in her hands and goes around her car to her license plates! She quickly unscrews the license plates and takes both plates off her vehicle! She quickly puts the license plates inside her car! Then she gets back inside her car and starts up the engine! She starts to drive up slowly down the street, watching the guys. She drives up little by little, following the guys. The guys are about to cross the street. They do not see Dana's car. As the guys walk across the street, Dana puts her car into high gear! She then races and speeds right towards the guys! She slams her vehicle right into the guys, flipping one of them high into the air! Dana continues to speed off as the guy lands on the pavement! Both guys lay in the street! Blood is everywhere! A few people start to hurry towards the scene! They are all hysterical as they start to surround the injured guys! The people then look and see the hit-and-run vehicle continu­ing to speed off into the distance!
The police soon arrive! They question some of the witnesses and ask them did they see anything! They ask the witnesses, "Do any of you know who ran the guys over or why? Or do any of you know what kind of car it was or what color it was? Did any of you get a license plate number or did any of you see who the driver was?"
One of the witnesses tells the police, "No. We do not know who ran the guys over or why! We do not know what kind of car it was or what color it was! We didn't see who the driver was! We did not see any license plates on the car! The vehicle did not have any license plates on it!"
The police are stunned.
"We didn't see one," the witness continues. "The car had went by so fast that we didn't even have time to find out what type of car it was! It's too dark outside to tell what color the car really was, but it looked either dark blue or black from the back of it!"
The police start to search and put out a manhunt for the hit-and-run vehicle!
Dana quickly but carefully drives her car halfway across Queens! She finds an isolated area and pulls over! She gets out of her car and goes to the trunk. She opens up the trunk and takes out some plastic gloves, some rags and some cleaning fluids. She puts on the plastic gloves. She then goes to the front of her car and starts to clean the blood stains off her car!
After Dana finishes cleaning her car off, she throws away the bloody rags! She then takes off the plastic gloves and puts them and the cleaning fluids back into her trunk! She screws the license plates back on her car. She closes up the car trunk and gets back into her vehicle. Then she drives off again!
Dana goes into a residential area and parks her car. She gets out and walks away from her car, leaving it there. She decides not to use her car for a while, figuring that there might be a police hunt for it. She goes to a pay phone and calls for a cab. She then hangs up the phone and waits for the cab. After around several minutes, a cab arrives. Dana hops into the back seat and closes the door behind her­self. The cab then pulls off.
The cab driver, a South American male around his mid 40's, dri­ves Dana back to her part of town. As the cab arrives to Dana's part of town, it goes into her neighborhood. It goes down the street where Dana had ran the two guys over! The cab goes down the street, going the opposite direction of the scene! As the cab is going down the street, the cab driver sees a heavy crowd of people! He sees police cars everywhere! He sees a couple of ambulances! The driver decides to slow down to take a look at the scene. As the cab driver is looking at the scene, he sees a body lying in the street covered with a bloodied sheet! He stops the cab and stares at the scene in shock! Dana stares at the scene also! She also sees a body lying in the street covered with a bloodied sheet! She realizes that she has killed one of the guys!
After a few minutes, the cab driver continues to stare at the scene. Dana looks at the cab driver and asks, "How long are you going to sit here, sir?"
"Oh I'm sorry Miss! I didn't mean to keep you waiting," the cab driver says as he starts to drive off again. He then says, "What a hor­rible scene that was, wasn't it?"
Dana looks at the cab driver as she leans against the back seat, not saying a word. She then looks straight ahead, showing no emo­tions.
The cab driver soon reaches Dana's building. Dana pays the cab driver and gets out of the cab. She then walks to her apartment build­ing as the cab pulls off. As the cab driver continues to drive, he sees more police cars scurrying towards the scene!
Dana enters her building. She goes through the lobby and sees a neighbor named Mark who lives in her building.  Mark, a male black around his mid 30's, says hello to Dana as she walks pass him. Dana does not speak back to Mark. She just continues to walk towards the elevator, going about her business. As she walks to the elevator, Mark continues to stare at her. Dana soon reaches the elevator and enters it.
A couple of minutes later, Dana is at her apartment door, which is on the 4th floor. When she unlocks her apartment door, she goes inside and sees Tony standing there waiting for her. She gives him a sinister stare. Tony asks her, "Where've you been?"
"I was at the police station all night! I had my bags snatched!"
Tony becomes hysterical and shouts, "WHAT! YOU HAD YOUR BAGS SNATCHED?"
"Yeah."
Tony grabs Dana by the shoulders and hysterically shouts, "OH MY GOD DANA! ARE YOU ALRIGHT? DID YOU GET HURT?"
"I'm okay Tony, I'm okay. I didn't get hurt."
"NO?"
"No."
"WELL WHAT HAPPENED DANA? HOW DID IT START?"
"Well, I had just came home from shopping with Diane and Teresa. I parked the car and started walking towards the building with my bags. As I was walking towards the building, two punks came out of nowhere and snatched my bags! Then they just ran off and disappeared! I don't know where they went after that! I went and made a police report of it and I was stuck at the damn station all night!"
"YOU WERE?"
"Yeah."
"WELL, DID THESE GUYS GET ANYTHING, LIKE ANY VALUABLES OR ANYTHING ELSE?"
"Well, they didn't get any of my keys. I had all my keys in my jacket pocket."
"Oh that's good! COME ON DANA! I WANT TO LOOK FOR THESE GUYS! LET'S GO FIND THEM," Tony angrily shouts as he pulls Dana towards the front door!
Dana quickly stops Tony and tells him, "No that's okay Tony! I made a police report of it already! The police are going to handle it and take care of everything! Let's just stay in! I'm kind of tired and I want some rest."
"ARE YOU SURE DANA? ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE ALRIGHT? BECAUSE IF THOSE GUYS HURTED YOU IN ANY KIND OF WAY, THEY BELONG TO ME!"
"I'm alright Tony! I'm okay! I didn't get hurt! I just need to lie down and rest for a while that's all."
"ARE YOU SURE NOW?"
"Yeah I'm sure Tony. I'm alright."
"Okay then Dana. You know I was so worried about you when you didn't come home. I was wondering where you were! I had called up your family. They said they haven't seen or heard from you yet! Then I called up Diane and Teresa. They both told me that you all had gone shopping together and that you had dropped them both off! They both told me that they thought you would have been home already, but I told them that you hadn't arrived home yet." Tony then grabs Dana again and starts to hug on to her very tightly. He gives a sigh of relief and says, "Well anyway Dana, thank God you're okay." He continues to hold on to Dana very tightly as she gives a sinister look straight ahead towards the bedroom behind him, not saying a word.
A couple of hours later, the police and the ambulance are still at the accident scene. A heavy crowd is still gathered. The victim's body is placed inside a body bag on a stretcher. The stretcher is then put into an ambulance. After a while, the ambulance takes off with the victim's body.
The next morning, Dana gets up extra early and is about to leave her apartment. Tony stands near the kitchen and asks, "Why are you leaving so early?"
"Oh I want to stop by a few stores before I go to work."
"Alright then."
"I'll see you later."
"Okay Dana," Tony says as Dana walks out of the apartment.
A few minutes later, Dana walks out of her building. She goes to a pay phone and sees her neighbor Mark standing on the sidewalk staring at her again. She ignores him and gets on the phone to call for a cab.
After a short while, a cab arrives. Dana goes to the back door and hops into the cab. As the cab pulls off, Dana could still see Mark watching her. The cab then takes Dana halfway across Queens. The cab soon pulls to a curb and stops. Dana pays the cab driver and gets out of the cab. She walks a few blocks to where she left her car. It is still there. Dana goes to her car and unlocks the door. She gets inside the car, turns the engine on and pulls off.
Dana drives back across Queens. She pulls her car up in front of Teresa's building and waits for a while. Teresa soon comes out of her building and approaches Dana's car. Once Teresa gets inside the car, Dana pulls off and starts to head for work.
As Dana and Teresa are driving heading to work, Teresa turns to Dana and asks, "Hey Dana, did you hear on the news about a hit-and-run accident that happened last night, not too far from where we live?" Dana stares straight ahead. Teresa then says, "I heard it on the news this morning!"
"Oh really?"
"Yeah!"
"I didn't hear about it. I didn't have the TV or radio on this morning. Did the news get any more information about the acci­dent?"
"Yeah! They said that a dark colored car had ran two guys over on the boulevard and just kept going! The news said that one of the guys had died right at the scene and the other guy is in the hospital in critical condition!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah!"
"Did they say which hospital the other guy is in?" Dana turns her head and looks at Teresa.
"I'm not sure," Teresa says. "But I think they said it's some hos­pital across town!"
Dana turns her head back and looks straight ahead as she con­tinues to drive.
When Dana and Teresa arrive to work, they go into the stock­room and hear their co-workers talking about the hit-and-run inci­dent that they had heard on the early morning news. Dana and Teresa hear the co-workers talking about that one of the hit-and-run victims had died at the scene and the other victim is in the hospital in criti­cal condition. Dana doesn't say a word to anyone that she was involved. She just keeps her mouth shut about the incident.
The head boss, a male white around his mid 40's with light brown hair named Wallace Smith, soon walks into the stockroom. He tells the employees that he had heard the news of the hit-and-run incident also. He says, "So far, the police have no suspects nor any motive."
Later on that day, Tony calls up Dana's grandparents' home. Dana's mother Christine, who had come up for a visit from Jamaica a couple of days ago, picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello," Tony says. "Who is this, Christine?"
"Yes. Is this Tony?"
"Yeah! Hi Ma! How are you?"
"Oh I'm alright Tony! How about yourself?"
"Oh I've been okay Ma!"
"Good! How's Dana?"
"Oh Dana is doing fine for now!"
"Dana is doing fine for now?"
"Yeah."
"What do you mean Tony?"
"Well Dana had gotten her bags snatched last night!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! Dana said that she had gotten her bags snatched right after she had come home from shopping with Diane and Teresa! Dana said that when she was walking towards the building, two guys came out of nowhere, snatched her bags then ran off!"
"OH MY GOD TONY! IS DANA OKAY? DID SHE GET HURT?"
"Dana is okay Ma. She didn't get hurt."
"WELL THANK GOD! WHY DIDN'T DANA TELL ME ABOUT THIS?"
"I guess she didn't have time to tell you about it yet or she prob­ably forgot! She probably didn't want to worry you about it either."
"WELL DID SHE GO TO THE POLICE? DID SHE MAKE A REPORT ABOUT THIS?"
"Yeah! Dana said she had went to the police station and made a report of it last night! That's why she came home so late! She said she was stuck at the police station all night!"
"SHE WAS?"
"Yeah!"
"Well, at least she's okay!"
"Yeah that's true. Okay Ma, I gotta run now! I just wanted to call you all and let you all know about it!"
"Well thanks for calling about it Tony!"
"No problem Ma. I'll be talking to you."
"Okay Tony. If you see Dana before I do, tell her I want her to give me a call, alright?"
"Alright Ma. I will."
"Thanks Tony. You take care now."
"Alright Ma. You too. See you later." Tony hangs up the tele­phone.
It's been a couple of days now. Christine has not heard from her daughter Dana in a while. She has been trying to call Dana back and forth for a while, but does not get any answer. Whenever Christine finally gets an answer, Tony is always on the other end of the tele­phone. He would never know where Dana is.
After a while, Christine gets concerned. That evening, she decides to make a telephone call. 

Diane D is inside her other grandparents’ Margarita and Tomas’ mansion as the telephone rings. She picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello Diane! It's me, Aunt Christine!"
"Oh hi Aunt Christine! How are you?"
"Oh I'm okay Diane!  How about yourself?"
"Couldn't be better!"
"Oh yeah? That's good! Hey Diane, I just wanted to know, have you seen Dana lately?"
"No Aunt Christine, I haven't. I haven't seen or heard from Dana since a couple of days ago.  She told me then that she would meet me over here this evening, but she didn't show up yet.  I don't know where she's at right now."
"No?"
"No."
"Well did you hear that Dana had gotten her bags snatched a few days ago?"
"Yeah, she told me! She had told me and Teresa about it the day after it happened! She told us that it happened right after she had dropped us both off from shopping together! She said that when she was walking to her building, two guys came out of nowhere, snatched her bags and then ran off! Dana said she didn't know where the guys ran off! She said that she just went to make a police report about it and was stuck at the station all night!"
"Yeah, that's what Tony told me."
"Oh Tony told you about this?"
"Yeah! He told me about it a couple of days ago! I haven't seen Dana since he told me about it!"
"No?"
"No!"
"Well Aunt Christine, I wish I could tell you where Dana is right now, but I can't. I don't know where she is."
"Oh that's okay Diane. If you see or hear from Dana anytime soon, please tell her that I called, alright? Tell her that I'm still at Grandma and Grandpa's house."
"Okay Aunt Christine, I will! I'll stop over there and see you a little bit later okay?"
"Okay Diane. I'll be here. See you later."
"Okay Aunt Christine. Bye now."
"Bye." Christine hangs up the telephone. She then calls up Teresa. Teresa is inside her apartment, listening to old Motown music as the telephone rings. She turns down the volume, picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello Teresa! This is Christine, Dana's mother!"
"Oh hi Christine! How are you?"
"Oh I'm feeling okay Teresa! How about yourself?"
"Oh I'm feeling alright Christine!"
"That's good!"
"So what's new Christine? What's happening?"
"Well Teresa, I was just wondering where Dana is! I haven't seen or heard from her since Tony told me that she had gotten her bags snatched!"
"Oh Tony told you about what happened?"
"Yes! He told me everything! Teresa I just wanted to know, have you seen or heard from Dana today?"
"Yeah! I was with Dana today!"
"You were?"
"Yeah! I rode to work with her this morning and we had rode back home together! She had dropped me off, but I don't know where she is right now!"
"No?"
"No."
"Okay Teresa! If you see or hear from Dana anytime soon, could you please give her the message that I called? Tell her that I'm still at her grandparents' house!"
"Okay Christine, I will."
"Thanks a lot Teresa! I'll talk to you later okay?"
"Okay Christine! By!"
"By now." Christine hangs up the telephone.
The next day, Christine decides to unexpectedly drop by Dana's apartment.  When she arrives there, she is stunned to find two police­men standing right outside of Dana's apartment door. Christine asks them, "What's going on here? My daughter and her boyfriend live there!  Why are you here?"
One of the police officers, a stocky built black male, asks Christine, "Is your daughter's name Dana Brown?"
"Yeah. Why?"
"Well we had found some of your daughter's belongings with her information on it, on the dead hit-and-run victim! We had want­ed to return her belongings to her and were trying to get in touch with her before, but couldn't reach her! We want to question your daughter Dana about what was the dead hit-and-run victim doing with her belongings!"
"Dead hit-and-run victim? What dead hit-and-run victim?"
"The two guys that were ran over on the boulevard several evenings ago! The ones that were reported on the news! Did you hear about it?"
"I heard a little bit about it, not much! You mean that dead hit-and-run victim that was on the news had my daughter's belongings on him?"
"Yes! It was found on his body! We want to know whether your daughter knew the victims or not!"
"Oh I don't know! I don't know who the victims were! I don't think I've ever seen any of them before in my life! I don't know whether or not my daughter knew them! I don't know where my daughter is right now! I have not seen or heard from her in a while! What was the dead hit-and-run victim doing with my daughter's belongings anyway?"
"We don't know ma'am, that's what we're trying to find out. If you see or hear from your daughter Dana anytime soon, please have her come down to the station. Tell her to ask for Officer Jones alright?"
"Alright, I will."
The policemen start to walk away. Christine says, "Oh I'll take my daughter's belongings now."
"No, that's okay ma'am! We would rather for your daughter to come down to the station and pick up her belongings herself. Have a nice day ma'am."
Christine stares at the police as they leave.
After the police leave, Christine starts to think to herself.  She starts to remember on the news the color of the car that she had heard was involved in the hit-and-run accident. The color of the hit-and-run vehicle was either dark blue or black, the color of Dana's car! Christine starts to panic inside knowing her daughter's violent temper, she gets scared. She does not know what to do. She does not know what to say. She does not know whether to tell someone! She does not know whether she should mention it to anybody what she is thinking, or just keep her mouth shut. She just stands there fright­ened and worried! She starts to wonder how far will her daughter actually go to hurt somebody? Christine starts to leave from in front of Dana's apartment door. She turns back around and sadly stares at Dana's apartment door. She then goes into the elevator and leaves.
After a short while, Christine reaches back to her in-laws, Gracy and Mike's house. She goes inside and heads upstairs to one of the bedrooms. She goes inside the bedroom and sits at the edge of the bed. She buries her face in her hands and begins to cry. No one sees her. She starts thinking to herself, "It was never said what make or model the hit-and-run vehicle was. The news just said that it was a dark blue or black car! Hey, that could be any car!"
Later on that afternoon, Dana and Teresa are both riding home from work together on the highway in Dana's car. Dana is wearing her dark brown leather jacket as Teresa wears a blue jacket. Teresa turns to Dana and asks, "Hey Dana? Did you call up your mother yet? She is very worried about you."
"Yeah I know. I tried to call her at my grandparents' house ear­lier today but nobody was home. Let me try to call there again."
"Okay," Teresa says as Dana heads for the highway exit.
Dana soon exits her car off the highway. She reaches a local street and drives her car a couple of blocks to a pay phone. She stops her vehicle, gets out and walks to the pay phone. She gets on the pay phone and calls up her grandparents' home. Christine picks up the phone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello Mom?" Dana says. Dana finally speaks to her mother.
Christine gets excited to finally hear from her daughter Dana again, after several days! She says, "Hey Dana! How are you?"
"I'm okay Mom."
"You are? Good! I'm so glad to hear your voice Dana!  I've been so worried about you! Where've you been? Tony had called here and told me about your bags being snatched!"
"Yeah he told me he mentioned it to you."
"He did!" Christine then tells Dana about the police. She tells Dana about the police being at her and Tony's apartment door, look­ing for her! Christine then says, "Dana the police had found your belongings on the dead hit-and-run victim! You know, the hit-and-run victims that were on the news! You heard about it right?"
"Yeah I heard a little about it."
"Dana, did you know who the hit-and-run victims were?" 
"No I didn't Mom."
"Were your belongings on the dead hit-and-run victim the same belongs that were snatched from you?"
Dana starts to lean against the phone booth and say, "I don't know Mom. All I know is that my bags were snatched by two punks that came out of nowhere! Then they ran off with my belongings and I didn't see or hear from them again! I don't have any idea whether or not they're the same people who got ran over."
"No?"
"No."
"Well anyway, the police want to speak to you Dana. They want you to come to the station to pick up your belongings in person."
"Okay Mom. I'll go down to the police station after I drop Teresa off. Then I'll pick up my belongings."
"Okay honey. When you go down to the station, make sure you ask for Officer Jones, okay?"
"Officer Jones?"
"Yeah. He's one of the police officers who was at your apart­ment door."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah."
"Okay Mom, I'll ask for him." As Dana continues to lean on the pay phone speaking to her mother, Teresa suddenly comes behind Dana as she looks towards the street. Dana noticing Teresa's pres­ence slowly turns her head to the side and looks at Teresa, giving Teresa a mean stare. Teresa looks away from the street and looks at Dana. She sees Dana giving her a mean stare so she nervously and quickly says, "Oh Dana, some of the parked cars are getting tickets!" Dana quickly turns her head around and looks towards the parked cars as Teresa tells her, "I think you better move your car before you get one!"
Dana sees a parking attendant putting tickets on the parked cars behind hers. She quickly tells her mother, "Look Mom, I have to get ready to leave before I get a ticket.  Some of the parked cars behind my car got tickets already. I don't want to be next."
"Okay Dana, I'm gonna let you go. I'll see you later, okay? I love you."
"I love you too Mom. See you later."
"By Dana."
"By Mom." Dana hangs up the telephone. She quickly leaves the pay phone with Teresa following right behind her. They both go to the car and get inside. Dana starts up the engine and quickly pulls off!
Dana drops Teresa off home. She then heads for the police sta­tion. She arrives to the police station and speaks to one of the offi­cers, asking for Officer Jones.
After a few minutes, Officer Jones arrives. He brings Dana into his office. He sits Dana down in front of his desk and starts to talk to her and question her. He tells Dana that her belongings were found on the body of one of the hit-and-run victims. He shows Dana two pictures of the two hit-and-run victims. He then asks, "Did you knew any of these two hit-and-run victims?"
Dana looks at the pictures. She then says, "No. I've never seen any of them before."
"No?"
"No."
"Well, how did the dead victim wind up having your belongings on his body?"
"I don't know. I was walking home to my building after I had gotten off the bus. I was minding my own business when all of a sudden two guys came out of nowhere and snatched my bags! Then they ran off and disappeared! I didn't see them anymore after that!"
"Your bags were snatched?"
"Yeah!"
"Well are any of these two guys the ones who snatched your bags?"
Dana looks at the pictures again and says, "I don't think so. None of them really look like the two guys. I mean it happened so fast, I didn't have time to see their faces! But from what I can remember, I don't think that any of these guys were the ones who snatched my bags! Maybe they were friends of the guys who snatched my bags, I don't know! Maybe the guys who snatched my bags caught up with these guys later on and they all looked through my belongings together!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah."
"Now Miss Brown, tell me from the beginning. How did it get started?"
"I just told you! I had just gotten off the bus! I was walking home to my building, minding my own business! As I was walking to my building, two guys came out of nowhere and snatched my bags! I didn't know these guys! I've never seen them before in my life! They just snatched my bags, ran off and disappeared after that! That's all that happened! I never saw or heard from the guys again."
"Hum. Miss Brown, do you have or own a car?"
"No! I just told you my bags were snatched, after I had got off the bus! Why would I be taken the bus, if I had or owned a car? No, I don't have nor own a car, but I'm looking to buy one."
"What did you do right after your bags were snatched?"
"I went straight home!"
"Was anybody home with you?"
"No. I was alone."
"Why didn't you report that your bags were snatched?"
"I didn't have time. I was too busy with my work schedule and everything."
After Officer Jones finishes questioning with Dana, he hands Dana back her belongings. He then says, "Okay Miss Brown. You may leave now. I'll look more further into this." Dana's mouth goes towards the side of her face as she gives Officer Jones a cold stare. She gets up from the chair. Then she turns around and starts to leave his office.
A couple of weeks later, Christine starts to head back home to Jamaica, West Indies. She arrives to Kennedy Airport with her chil­dren Sammy, Missy, Londa, Robert and their father David. David and the children all walk Christine to the departure gate. Christine hugs and kisses each of her children goodbye. She then hugs and kisses David goodbye. She then goes through the departure gate.
After Christine goes through the departure gate, she turns around to David and the children and says, "I'll call you all when I get down there! See you all later!"
"Okay Christine. Bye," David says. Christine then turns back around and starts to walk away. David and the children continue to watch Christine as she walks away down the corridor.






































Chapter 5

The Near Accident


A few weeks later on a sunny Wednesday morning, Dana and Teresa are driving to work together. As they are driving down a local street in Jamaica, Queens, they come towards an intersection. A maroon colored van with big words, 'PLUMBING & HEATING' on the side of it is at the other intersection. It has a stop sign, so it had stopped. Dana has the right-of-way to keep going through the inter­section so she is about to go through. As she is about to go through the intersection, all of a sudden the van races into the intersection right in front of Dana's car! Dana almost smacks right into the van, almost causing a crash! Dana's car practically skins the van causing her and Teresa to jerk forward! She and Teresa are shocked at what the van had just done, as if the driver of the van was deliberately try­ing to cause an accident! They do not understand why the van did what it just did! Dana gets angry and decides to go after the van! Teresa tells her, "No, don't go after the van Dana! It's not worth it!"
"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU MEAN IT'S NOT WORTH IT?" Dana angrily shouts! "HE ALMOST CAUSED A CRASHED! IT LOOKED LIKE HE WAS TRYING TO GET US KILLED!" Dana continues to go after the van!
"Please don't go after the van Dana," Teresa pleads! Dana almost loses the van, so she decides to slow down. Teresa tells her, "Don't go after the van Dana! It might be too dangerous! Please don't go after the van!"
"Alright Teresa, I won't go after the van! It's getting late any­way," Dana says as she continues to drive. She pretends to agree with Teresa, but she is secretly watching the van from a far distance. She sees the van pull over to a curb outside a local store. The van stops and the driver, which seems to be a stocky built male Hispanic, gets out. He goes inside the local store. Dana sees this, so she pre­tends to Teresa and says, "Teresa I want to stop by the cleaners real quick to drop some clothes off, alright?"
"Alright," Teresa says, unaware that Dana is secretly following the 'PLUMBING & HEATING' van.
Dana continues to drive. She drives right past the store and turns a corner. She goes all the way around the block on a side street and parks her vehicle. She gets out of her vehicle, leaving Teresa in there, telling her that she'll be right back. Dana quickly goes to the trunk of her car and opens it up. While Teresa isn't looking, Dana secretly pulls out a pair of black leather gloves. She reaches inside and pulls out a man's long black jacket and a black hat. She slips one glove on, and then she secretly reaches for a big large hammer that she has hidden inside the trunk. She leans back outside the trunk, then looks towards Teresa. She does not see Teresa watching her, so she bawls the clothes up against her body and closes the trunk back. She starts to walk away from the car moving very swiftly. When she comes out of Teresa's sight, she hides behind a van that is parked on the block. She holds the hammer between her knees and takes the glove back off. She then slips on the long black jacket that covers her long black braid. She then puts the black hat on all the way down close to her eyes. She tries to look a little masculine to throw herself off. Then she slips on both gloves.
After Dana slips everything on, she grabs the hammer, tucks it on the side of her coat and comes from behind the parked van. She quickly goes around the corner to where the store is. She sees the 'PLUMBING & HEATING' van still parked at the curb, so she goes near the store to see if the guy is still inside. He is still inside the store and is almost about to come out. Dana waits patiently outside the store and hides her face against the glass window. She sees the man about to come out of the store. As the man walks out of the doorway past Dana, Dana quickly turns around and takes the large hammer, swinging it real hard and fast against the guy's back! The guy lets out an ear piercing scream and starts to fall back! As he is falling, Dana raises the hammer high in the air and takes another hard swing, bashing the hammer right on top of the guy's head!  Blood splatters everywhere as the guy lets out a bloodcurdling scream! Dana quickly runs off! She runs off around the corner as fast as she can! She runs all the way around the block to where Teresa is still sitting inside the car! She quickly throws away the bloody hammer! She throws it into an empty lot! As she is about to come back into Teresa's sight, she quickly hides behind the same parked van! She turns her head around real quickly to see if anyone had seen or followed her! She doesn't see anyone, so she quickly takes off the black leather gloves, the black hat and the long black jacket! She bawls them up real tightly against her body! Then she turns her head back around real quickly to see if anyone sees her! She still does not see anyone, so she firmly starts to walk from behind the van! She quickly starts to head back to her car, hoping that Teresa isn't aware of anything!
As Dana is walking back to her car, Teresa is still sitting inside the car rubbing lotion on to her hands. She is totally unaware of what Dana had just done! Dana hurries to the car trunk and opens it up! She quickly drops the clothes back inside the trunk and closes it! Then she hurries to the driver's door and hops inside the car! Teresa smiles at Dana and asks, "Did you drop the clothes off at the clean­ers?"
"No. The cleaners was closed, so I had to bring the clothes back." Dana starts up the car's engine! She then races away real quickly! She turns the car around the corner very fast, causing Teresa to fall and lean against her!
Teresa leans back up and asks, "Why are you speeding?"
"I just saw the time! We're running late! We gotta hurry!"
In the meanwhile, people are scattering around the injured man as he lies on the sidewalk in pain, covered in blood! The police start to arrive! They scatter around the area looking for a suspect!
Dana and Teresa continue to drive. As they drive, Teresa turns to look at Dana. She can see the anger on Dana's face. She asks, "What's wrong Dana? I know you're still upset about that van." She puts her hand on Dana's shoulder, trying to comfort her, telling Dana, "Don't worry about it. Everything is going to be okay."
As Dana continues to drive, she and Teresa see police cars hur­rying pass them! They see police cars hurrying towards a scene in front of the store! They see ambulances arriving!  They see more police cars arriving! Teresa says, "My God Dana! What do you sup­pose happened over there?"
Dana gives a firm sinister look towards the scene and replies, "I don't know. It's too bad we don't have time to find out." She then speeds off!
At the scene, the police scatter around the block and the neigh­borhood questioning people, looking for a suspect! They cannot find any! With the little bit of what a couple of people saw, they think the suspect was a male.
The paramedics are around the victim! They start to lift him up and put him on to a stretcher! They then put the stretcher into a wait­ing ambulance. The ambulance then speeds off!
Police continue to scatter around the neighborhood, looking for a suspect! They also speak with the store manager in the store where the guy was in. The police ask the store manager did he see the cus­tomer in any kind of confrontation while the customer was inside the store. The store manager, a male Hispanic, tells the police, "No! Nothing had gone wrong inside the store before the incident! The customer must have had a confrontation with someone outside on the street after he had left the store!"
Police continue to scatter the neighborhood, looking for a sus­pect!
The ambulance continues to speed to the hospital! They soon arrive to the hospital! A couple of minutes later, they bring the guy inside the back door. He is in very bad shape! He is unconscious! He has blood all over himself! His head appears to be busted wide open! The doctors quickly take a look at him! They say the guy has to get an emergency operation on his head! They say his skull is fractured! As the doctors look at the injured man, they ask each other what was the guy hit with! None of them seem to know! They then go through his pockets to find some information about him! They find his job I.D. They contact his job! After a short while, his job contacts his family! The guy's family is soon notified and they all rush to the hospital!
The guy's family soon reaches the hospital! They arrive in panic! They all start to scream and yell! They are all wondering who did this to him and why! Everyone is frantic! The guy's family is all afraid that they will lose him! Everyone else inside the hospital is looking on, wondering what is happening! The family is told that the victim might require over 80 stitches! The victim's family becomes shocked and hysterical!
The police are at the hospital trying to make a report of the inci­dent! They question the family and ask, "Who would want to hurt him or why? Does the victim have any kind of enemies that any of you might know of?"
"NO," the family screams! "HE DOES NOT HAVE ANY ENE­MIES THAT WE HAVE EVER HEARD OF!"
During the meantime, Dana and Teresa finally arrive to work at the stockroom. They go to the back door where Kenneth, an older dark skinned male black in his late 50's, is sitting inside at a desk. Kenneth gets up from his chair. He goes to open the back door for Dana and Teresa. Dana and Teresa try to sneak inside the back door unnoticed by Wallace Smith, their head boss. Dana walks through the hallway first. Teresa hurries behind her. Kenneth then closes the back door. He goes and sits back down near the back door, playing Oldies music on his radio.
As Dana and Teresa are both going down the corridor, Dana gives a firm angry walk. She and Teresa are about to pass the other hallway when they spot Wallace Smith at a distance talking with another employee. Dana and Teresa quickly back up behind the wall, hoping that Wallace didn't see them. Teresa leans behind Dana as Dana's eyes pierce around the corner, watching out for Wallace. Teresa then says, "Dana when we punch in on the clock, Wallace is still gonna know that we arrived in late!"
"I know Teresa. I'm just not in the mood to hear his shit right now." Dana's eyes continue to pierce around the corner, watching out for Wallace. Wallace suddenly turns and leaves. When the coast is finally clear, Dana and Teresa start to walk pass the hallway to the other side unnoticed. They quickly punch in on the time clock and make it into the big stockroom where around 19 or 20 other employ­ees are working. They start to work right away. Dana goes to grab a ladder. She leans the ladder against a shelf and starts to climb the ladder to the top shelf with Teresa standing beneath her, looking up at her. Dana then reaches some merchandise that is on a top shelf and hands them down to Teresa. She is unaware of what is going on at the hospital.
A couple of hours later at the hospital, the man with the 'PLUMBING & HEATING' van passes away. He never regained consciousness. The doctors put a sheet over his head. They notify his family as they sit in the waiting room. The family becomes all hys­terical! They start to scream and shout all over the place!  They are all crying out, shouting, "WHY? WHY? WHY?"  They all mourn for the loss of their loved one. The police still have neither suspects nor any motives so far. They doubt that they will ever find any. The fam­ily continues to cry out in shock and disbelief! Later on, the doctors take the victim's body off to the hospital morgue.
At the end of the work day, Dana and Teresa leave the stockroom and walk out to the parking lot, heading towards the car. They get inside the car. Dana starts up the engine and pulls off as she and Teresa take off for home. Dana drops Teresa off. After Teresa gets out of the car, she tells Dana, "I'll see you tomorrow Dana!"
"Okay Teresa," Dana says. Teresa closes the door. Dana quickly pulls off.
Later on that evening, Tony is sitting inside his living room on the sofa watching the evening news. He sees and hears on the news of a report about a man being attacked right outside a local store in Queens. As he listens to the news, he hears that the man had suffered a violent blow to the head as the man was leaving a local store. He hears that the victim was taken to the hospital where he died a cou­ple of hours later. The news report is also saying that the police are still looking for a suspect, but do* not have any suspects or any motives so far. The news report of the incident continues for a short while. It is then over. Dana soon comes out of the kitchen and walks into the living room, handing Tony his plate of food. Tony then says, "What a shame."
"What are you talking about?" Dana asks as she stands over Tony.
"I was just listening to the news report! It was a report about a man being attacked this morning as he left a local store in Queens! The news said that someone had violently struck the man on his head with a very hard object right outside of a store as he was leav­ing it! They said he died at the hospital a couple of hours later from a violent blow to the head! The police still do not have any suspects nor any motive!"
"No?"
"No!"
"Well do they have any witnesses?"
"Well they had a couple of witnesses who said that they had seen a suspicious character dressed in a long black jacket, a black hat and a pair of black gloves running away from the guy as he was injured! They didn't say whether this suspicious character was a man or a woman though!  But most likely it was probably a man who had attacked this fellow." Dana looks down at Tony, but does not say a word. She then gives a sinister look towards the television set as Tony is about to eat his food. Tony looks up at Dana and says, "Come on, bring your plate in here so we can eat together!" Dana walks away towards the kitchen as Tony continues to look at the TV, eating his food.
Later on that night, Dana is lying on the bed, face down with her arms up against her head. She is still fully dressed with her shirt and pants on. Her shirt is pulled up against her bare back as Tony sits on the bed beside her, rubbing some medication on her back. Tony then asks, "So how does your back feel now Dana? Does it feel better? I told you before to be careful at the stockroom and not to lift too much heavy merchandise! That's why your back is probably bother­ing you! You should've had someone help you! Does anybody at your job help you with any heavy merchandise?"
"Yeah, Teresa usually helps me."
"Why don't you get one of the guys at the job to help you Dana, or let them handle the heavy products. I don't want you to keep hurt­ing yourself. From now on let the guys handle the heavy merchan­dise, alright?"
"Alright Tony," Dana says as Tony continues to rub medication on her back.
"So how does that feel Dana? Does that feel better now?"
"Oh yeah that feels much better. Thanks Tony."
"You're welcome," Tony says as he removes his hands from off of Dana's back. He pulls Dana's shirt down and fixes her clothes a little. He then says, "I'm gonna go in the kitchen and get you some juice Dana. Okay?"
"Okay," Dana says as Tony gets up from off the bed.
Tony then says, "I'll be right back," as he starts to leave the bed­room. He leaves the bedroom and enters the hallway. He walks through the hallway and passes by the living room as he goes towards the kitchen. As he passes by the living room, he looks at the TV, which is still on. It is now showing the 11:00 news. He hears the same news report again of the man he had heard about earlier. He walks into the living room and stares at the television as he listens to the news report. The news report mentions that there is still no suspects or any motive in the attack that caused a Queens' man's death early that morning.  Tony is still stunned by the news as he says to himself, "I don't know who would do such a horrible thing like that, or why."
The news report of the incident is now over. Tony, puzzled, con­tinues to look at the TV for a few seconds. Then he looks away from the TV and starts to head towards the kitchen, totally unaware that Dana was involved in the attack that he had just heard about on the news.






































Chapter 6

Missy's Attackers


It is a few months later now. Around 12:00 noon one day, Missy is at work at the elementary school. She is talking in the hallway with her co-worker Raymond. Raymond's girlfriend Kathy, who is around 32-years old, suddenly shows up from around the corner. She sees Missy and Raymond talking and smiling in the hallway. She becomes upset. She does not like the idea of Raymond and Missy being such close friends. Kathy thinks that Missy is too close with her man, so she goes to confront Missy. She approaches Missy. Missy and Raymond turn to look as Kathy starts to shout, "MISSY DIDN'T I TELL YOU TO STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM MY MAN? HUH? DIDN'T I TELL YOU THAT?"
"NOW CUT IT OUT KATHY, "Raymond shouts! "NOT INSIDE THE SCHOOL ALRIGHT?"
"LISTEN KATHY," Missy starts to shout! "RAYMOND AND I ARE JUST FRIENDS! WE WORK TOGETHER! I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU HAVE SUCH A DARN PROBLEM WITH THAT! YOU REALLY NEED TO STOP BEING SO INSE­CURE! THERE IS NOTHING GOING ON BETWEEN ME AND RAYMOND, ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!"
"I DON'T WANT TO HEAR THAT BULL," Kathy shouts! Raymond tries to calm Kathy down as Kathy continues to shout, "JUST STAY AWAY FROM MY MAN OR ELSE YOU'LL BE SORRY!"
Raymond grabs onto Kathy! He tells Missy, "I'll be right back," as he starts to walk away and pull Kathy with him. Missy stares at them as they walk away. After Raymond and Kathy disappear around the corner, Missy walks away and goes towards a classroom.
A few hours later at the end of the school day, Missy and the rest of the school staff are about to leave the school. Raymond comes and approaches Missy. He tells her, "Look Missy, I'm so sorry for what happened a little while ago. I'm sorry for Kathy's behavior. I had to straighten her out. I told Kathy there is nothing going on between me and you! I keep telling her that but she still does not want to hear of it! I told Kathy to just go home and not to ever come back inside the school again! I told her whenever she wants to see me, she's just going to have to wait until I get home! I don't need her coming here to the school making a scene! I told Kathy from now on, just wait until I get home to see me! I walked her to the bus stop. I waited there to make sure she got on that bus!"
"You did?"
"Yeah."
"Well I'm glad you told her that Raymond! I'm glad she got on the bus!"
"Well you don't have to worry about her coming back here both­ering you anymore Missy. She went home."
"Good. I hope she stays there too. Okay Raymond, I'm gonna get ready to leave now."
"Okay Missy. I'll see you tomorrow okay?"
"Okay Raymond. Take care. Now are you sure Kathy got on that bus? Because she had confronted me a couple of times before when I had left out of here. She and her two girlfriends had confronted me when I was on my way home. I really don't need to be bothered with them Raymond."
"Oh don't worry Missy. Like I said, I walked Kathy to the bus stop and waited there to make sure she got on that bus and she did."
"Alright then. I'll see you tomorrow Raymond."
"Okay Missy. By."
"By Raymond." Missy turns around and starts to head towards the exit. She reaches the exit and leaves the school building, head­ing towards the bus stop.
As Missy is walking towards the bus stop, Kathy and two women friends Rose, a white-Hispanic female who is around 31 years old, and Sandra, a black female who is around 32 years old, suddenly appear out of nowhere!  Kathy starts to jump and shout all in Missy's face, accusing Missy of trying to steal her man! She starts to violently shove Missy! A couple of Missy's co-workers see the commotion! They go to break it up! Kathy angrily starts to turn around and walk away with her two women friends following right behind her! Missy's co-workers asks, "Are you alright Missy?"
"Yeah, I'll be fine," Missy says.
"Come on," her co-workers tell her. "We'll walk you to the bus stop." Missy starts to walk away with her co-workers to the bus stop.
Missy soon reaches home. She goes and tells her family about what happened at the school. She tells her grandmother Gracy and the rest of the family about Kathy's behavior. She tells them all, "Kathy is still accusing me of trying to steal her man and it's not true! Raymond and I are just friends and co-workers, but Kathy still does not seem to want to believe or understand it! Every time Kathy confronts me, she would always have her two women friends with her!"
"What two women friends?" Gracy asks. "Rose and Sandra? The ones you told us about before?"
"Yeah, those two! I'm sick and tired of them Grandma! I'm sick and tired of them all keep jumping in my face, accusing me of try­ing to steal Raymond and I'm not!"
"Well if this Kathy keeps harassing you, I'm going to press harassment charges against her and her buddies myself! You can tell them that I said that too!" Gracy turns and angrily walks away towards the kitchen.
It is a few days later now. It is the end of the school day. Missy starts to leave the school. She leaves the school and heads towards the bus stop. As Missy is walking down the street, Kathy and her two women friends Rose and Sandra appear out of nowhere again. They all come and confront Missy outside on the street again. This time, they have an older, taller male black with them! Kathy and her three buddies start yelling and swearing at Missy! Missy starts to yell back and shout, "LISTEN KATHY! GET OUT OF MY FACE ALRIGHT! I AM TIRED OF YOUR BULL AND NONSENSE!" Kathy yells back again! Ugly words start to exchange between Missy and Kathy! All of a sudden, Kathy takes her fist and strikes Missy real hard in the face! Missy becomes angry and strikes Kathy back! She and Kathy get into a heavy physical fight! Then, Kathy's two women friends jump into the fight! They all start to beat on Missy real bad!  They brutally attack Missy, punching and kicking all over her! Suddenly, the guy that is with them jumps into the fight! He also strikes Missy in the face and starts to beat on her! Missy is being jumped by four people! She is being kicked real hard and pushed to the ground very viciously! Kathy and her Mends contin­ue to beat and attack Missy! A crowd starts to gather! They try to break up the fight! They pull Kathy and her buddies off of Missy! Missy continues to lie on the ground! The people in the crowd try to help her up! Missy angrily gets up off the ground! Her nose is bleed­ing! Her face is bruised! She is very angry! She cries as she tries to get back at Kathy, but the crowd holds her back! The crowd contin­ues to hold on to a bloodied and bruised Missy as she struggles to free herself! The crowd then leads Missy back towards the school, trying to protect her from Kathy and Kathy's buddies! After a short while, the school guard offers to take Missy home in his car.
Missy soon arrives home. Her face is all bloodied and bruised. She comes into a house full of family and relatives! She is crying! She is screaming! She is hysterical! She is angry! Her family and relatives all rush to her! They see Missy's nose bleeding! They see her face all bruised! Missy cries and screams to her family and rela­tives, "I HAD JUST BEEN JUMPED BY KATHY, RAYMOND'S GIRLFRIEND!"
"WHAT," Missy's family and relatives angrily shout!
"YEAH! I WAS JUMPED BY KATHY AND A FEW OF HER FRIENDS! KATHY CAME UP TO ME OUTSIDE ON THE STREET WHILE I WAS WALKING TO THE BUS STOP! SHE STARTED YELLING AND SCREAMING HER HEAD OFF AT ME! THEN SHE PUNCHED ME RIGHT IN THE FACE! THEN HER TWO FRIENDS ROSE AND SANDRA JUMPED INTO THE FIGHT AND STARTED BEATING ON ME! THEN THEIR FRIEND DEREK PUNCHED ME IN THE FACE AND HE STARTED BEATING ON ME TOO! ALL FOUR OF THEM WERE BEATING ON ME, PUSHING ME AND KNOCKING ME DOWN TO THE GROUND!"
Dana soon comes down the staircase wearing a maroon sweater shirt, a maroon miniskirt, black stockings and her hair all loose out. She sees and hears all the commotion! She approaches her family as they all shout and surround Missy! Dana looks at Missy! She sees Missy all bloodied and bruised! She angrily shouts, "WHAT HAP­PENED MISSY?"
"KATHY AND HER FRIENDS HAD STARTED FIGHTING AND BEATING ON ME! KATHY STILL ACCUSES ME OF TRY­ING TO STEAL HER MAN!  SHE CAME UP TO ME OUT­SIDE THE SCHOOL AND STARTED SCREAMING AND YELLING AT ME! THEN SHE STRUCK ME REAL HARD IN THE FACE! THE TWO WOMEN THAT WERE WITH HER ALSO STARTED TO BEAT AND JUMP ON ME! THEN THE GUY THAT WAS WITH THEM HAD PUNCHED ME IN THE FACE AND JUMPED INTO THE FIGHT! HE STARTED BEATING ON ME TOO! THEY PUSHED ME AND KICKED ME TO THE GROUND! KATHY IS ALWAYS TRYING TO CAUSE TROUBLE FOR ME AND I'M SICK AND TIRED OF IT!"
The family hearing this and seeing how upset Missy is becomes very angry, especially Dana! They start to scream and shout all over the place! Dana, who is very protective of her sisters, becomes very, very angry! She shouts to Missy, "WHERE THE HELL IS KATHY AND HER FRIENDS AT NOW?"
"I last saw them outside near the school," Missy cries!
Dana angrily storms out of the living room and races up the staircase! Missy and around 19 to 20 family members and relatives scream and race up the staircase after Dana, shouting, "WHERE ARE YOU GOING DANA?" Dana ignoring her family and rela­tives storms right into one of the bedrooms! Her family and relatives storm into the bedroom right behind her!
Outside the house, Gracy is riding in the back of a car. She is coming home from shopping with Londa, one of the triplets and another granddaughter named Lisa, who is driving the car. Lisa, who is around 25 years old, drives to the house and pulls in front of it. She then stops the car. Lisa, Londa and Gracy all come out of the car carrying packages. They start to walk outside towards the house. They reach the house and unlock the front door. As they walk inside the house, they hear a loud commotion, loud screaming and loud banging going on upstairs! Gracy closes the front door as they all look stunned at one another. Gracy suddenly shouts, "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON UP THERE?"
Lisa and Londa drop the packages and rush up the staircase! Gracy puts her packages down! She starts to rush towards the stair­case. As she is about to go up the stairs, Dana who is now wearing a white turtleneck shirt with sleeves rolled up to her elbows, stone-washed blue jeans, a pair of black sneakers and a long thick braid hanging down her back, suddenly bursts down the staircase pass her, almost knocking Gracy down!  Dana's family continues to storm right behind her as they pull on to her, but she violently jerks away from them! Gracy seeing all of this starts to shout, "DANA! WHAT'S GOING ON?"
Dana ignoring her grandmother storms right into the front clos­et! She bends down inside the closet and comes back out with a baseball bat! A few family members try to comfort Gracy as the rest of the family tries to control Dana! Gracy again shouts, "DANA! DANA!" Dana continues to ignore her grandmother and storms right out of the house with the baseball bat! Her family and Missy storms right out of the house behind her! Dana then hops into her vehicle with several family members and relatives, including Missy and their brothers Sammy and Thomas! Lisa, Londa and some other family members hop into a second car! Landa and some other fam­ily members and relatives hop into a third car! Gracy runs out of the house screaming behind them all, trying to find out what's going on! She continues to call out, "DANA! DANA! DANA!"
Dana still ignoring her grandmother pulls off very fast with her family and relatives shouting, "GO GO GO!"
Lisa and several other family members pull off very fast in the next car, following Dana! The third car then pulls off and follows! They all pull off into the street as Gracy continues to run and call out, "DANA! DANA! DANA!"
Dana and her family members screech the cars real loudly down the street then turning a corner, leaving Gracy standing in front of the house worrying about what's going on or what's going to hap­pen!






























Chapter 7

Dana's Fury!


Dana speeds her car with her family and relatives, looking for Kathy and Kathy's accomplices! Her face is red and boiling with anger as she and her family look for Kathy and Kathy's accom­plices! Missy finally spots Kathy and her accomplices! She spots them at a park! She points them out to Dana! Dana angrily shouts, "IS THAT THEM?"
"YEAH, THAT'S ALL FOUR OF THEM," Missy shouts! "THAT'S KATHY! THE ONE STANDING IN THE FRONT!" Dana speeds and screeches her car down the street to a quick halt! She hops out of her vehicle with the baseball bat! She races right towards Kathy and Kathy's accomplices with the baseball bat as her family members and relatives race behind her! Her other family members in the next car screech that car down the street to a quick halt! They hop out of that vehicle and also race after Dana! The third car then screeches down the street to a quick halt! Everybody hops out of that car and run as Dana races right towards Kathy and Kathy's accomplices! 
As Dana races towards Kathy and her accom­plices, she starts to scream and holler, "KATHY! WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO TO MY SISTER?" Kathy and her friends turn to look. They see an angry Dana, racing right towards them with a baseball bat swinging from her hands! They also see her large fam­ily and Missy racing right behind her! Kathy and her accomplices all start to panic! They turn and start to run the other way!  Dana chas­es after all of them with the baseball bat still swinging from her hand! Kathy and her accomplices start to split and run in different directions! Dana chases after Kathy! She continues to chase after Kathy! She soon catches up to Kathy! As Dana reaches Kathy, she suddenly takes a baseball position and swings the bat real hard across Kathy's back! Kathy lets out a bloodcurdling scream as her body is thrown forward! She falls to the ground as Dana starts to beat her with the baseball bat! Kathy screams out in pain! Dana then throws the baseball bat to the ground! She grabs Kathy up by the neck and starts to beat on her real bad! She takes her iron fists and throws several straight blows to Kathy's face, breaking Kathy's nose! Kathy has blood all over herself! She then falls to the ground in pain! Dana bends down and grabs Kathy again! She lifts Kathy up by the collar and raises Kathy in the air, throwing Kathy hard to the ground, landing her right on top of the baseball bat! Kathy lays there on the ground on top of the baseball bat in terrible pain! She contin­ues to holler and scream! She is bleeding real badly! Dana then bends down and puts her entire body weight right on top of Kathy's chest and arms, paralyzing her! She has the baseball bat tucked tightly beneath Kathy, keeping anyone from grabbing it and taking it! She then grabs Kathy by the neck! She starts to choke Kathy! She screams at Kathy and shouts, "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU BOTHERING MY SISTER FOR, HUH? WHERE DID THE OTH­ERS GO? WHERE DID THEY RUN OFF TO?"
"I DON'T KNOW WHERE THE OTHERS ARE," Kathy screams and cries! "I DIDN'T SEE WHERE THEY RAN OFF TO!"
Dana continues to grab Kathy by the neck, trying to choke her to death! Kathy is coughing! She is gasping for air! She is crying and screaming! She is struggling to free herself from Dana's grip! Kathy's body is shaking! Her body is trembling! Her face is starting to turn blue! A bigger crowd starts to gather! They go and try to pull Dana's tight grip from around Kathy's neck, being afraid Kathy might die! The crowd screams to Dana, pleading, "YOU'RE KILLING HER! LET GO OF HER! PLEASE LET GO OF HER!" Dana ignores the crowd's pleas as she continues to crush Kathy's neck! People in the crowd are desperately trying to pull Dana's tight grip from around Kathy's neck, but Dana is too strong! She will not let go of Kathy's neck! She continues to hold a tight squeeze around Kathy's neck as the crowd desperately tries to pull her hands away! Even though the crowd is trying very hard to pull Dana's tight grip from around Kathy's neck, it does not do any good!  Wherever Dana's hands are pulled to, Kathy's neck would go! Each second that is passing, Dana's grip gets tighter and tighter around Kathy's neck, cutting off Kathy's oxygen supply! Kathy's face continues to turn blue! One of the men in the crowd decides to back up! He shouts to everybody, "WATCH OUT!" The rest of the crowd turns around to look! The man again shouts, "WATCH OUT!" The crowd moves out of the way! The man then races right towards Dana! As he leaps and is about to body slam Dana right off of Kathy with his body weight, Dana violently jerks her head, right fist, right elbow and the rest of her body right towards the man, which causes him to bang his head, face and body hard into her elbow and the rest of her body, causing him to crash right to the ground, hurting himself! The man lays on the ground in terrible pain! Dana still does not budge from off of Kathy! She continues to crush Kathy's neck again! The crowd becomes shocked and stunned! They do not know what to do! They then go and start to pull Dana's tight grip from around Kathy's neck again!
After a harsh struggle, the crowd finally manages to pull Dana's tight grip from around Kathy's neck! Dana suddenly leaps up! The crowd runs from her in fear! Kathy is unconscious! Her face has turned blue! Dana then kicks Kathy real hard in the head, causing Kathy's entire body to turn to the side, getting her body off the base­ball bat! Dana then bends down and grabs the baseball bat that was beneath Kathy! She bends back up and angrily points her hand to Kathy, screaming, "DOOON'T YOU DAAARE EVER MESS WITH MY SISTER AGAIN!  YOU HEAR?" Dana gives Kathy another hard kick to the head! She then hurries off to look for Kathy's three accomplices! The crowd hurries behind Dana as she looks for Kathy's accomplices!
Kathy continues to lay on the ground unconscious! People start to call for an ambulance, being afraid she might die!
Dana furiously continues to look for Kathy's three accomplices! She has Kathy's blood all over herself! She has Kathy's blood all on her hands, her clothes and the baseball bat! As Dana continues to run, she soon spots the two women, Rose and Sandra! She starts to race right towards Rose and Sandra with the bloody baseball bat swinging from her hand! Rose and Sandra turn to look! They see an angry Dana racing right towards them again with the baseball bat! Rose and Sandra start to panic again! They see blood all on Dana's clothes! They see blood all on the baseball bat! They see the crowd racing behind Dana again!  Rose and Sandra both start to turn and run! They are running and screaming for their lives! Rose and Sandra then turn and run in different directions! Dana chases after one of them! She chases after Rose! Rose continues to run! She is running as fast as she can with Dana in hot pursuit! Dana continues to chase after Rose! She soon catches up to Rose! As Dana reaches Rose, she suddenly takes a baseball position again and swings the bat real hard across Rose's back! Rose gives out an ear piercing scream as her body is thrown forward! She falls to the ground! Dana swings the bat at Rose and starts to beat on her with the baseball bat! Rose starts to scream and holler out in pain! She is suffering in great pain! She has blood all over herself! The crowd gathers around again and tries to stop Dana from beating Rose with the baseball bat, but it is hard! It is hard to stop Dana from beating Rose with the base­ball bat, because Dana swings the baseball bat at anyone who comes near her! She swings the bat at anyone who tries to stop her or get in her way! Nobody wants to get hit with the baseball bat! Dana then throws the baseball bat to the ground! She bends down and grabs Rose by the collar! She lifts Rose up in the air! She then lets go of Rose, dropping Rose hard to the ground, landing Rose right on top of the baseball bat! Dana then bends down and puts her entire body weight right on top of Rose's chest and arms, paralyzing her also! She has the baseball bat tucked tightly beneath Rose also, trying to keep the crowd from grabbing and taking it! She then grabs Rose by the neck! She goes for Rose's throat, trying to choke her to death also! The crowd starts to go around Dana again! They bend down and grab Dana's hands again, trying to release her tight grip from around Rose's neck, but Dana is still too strong! She continues to choke Rose! Rose is coughing! She is gasping for air! Her body is shaking! Her body is trembling! Her face is starting to turn blue! She is desperately struggling to free herself from Dana's tight grip! Her eyes are bulging and seem like they are about to pop right out of her head! The crowd continues and desperately tries to pull Dana's tight grip from around Rose's neck, pleading with Dana to stop, but Dana does not stop! She refuses to let go of Rose's neck! She continues to crush Rose's neck as the crowd desperately tries to pull her hands away! Even though the crowd is trying very hard to pull Dana's tight grip from around Rose's neck, it does not do any good! Wherever Dana's hands are pulled to, Rose's neck would also go! Each second that passes, Dana's grip becomes tighter and tighter around Rose's neck, cutting off Rose's oxygen supply!  Rose's face continues to turn blue! A couple of more men in the crowd decide to back up! They start to shout, "WATCH OUT!" The rest of the crowd turn around to look! They move out of the way! The two men race right towards Dana! As they leap and are about to body slam Dana right off of Rose with their body weight, Dana violently jerks her head, right fist, right elbow and the rest of her body right towards the two men, which causes them to bang their heads, faces and bodies hard into her fist, her elbow and the rest of her body, causing them to crash right to the ground, hurting themselves! The two men lay on the ground in ter­rible pain! Dana still does not budge from off of Rose!  She wraps her hands tightly around Rose's neck again! The crowd becomes shocked and stunned again!  They just don't know what to do! Dana is entirely too strong!  An elderly woman in the crowd sees Rose’s face all blue and unconscious!  She hysterically approaches Dana and screams at her, “LEAVE HER ALOOONE,” as several people in the crowd hysterically try to pull her back! The elderly woman suddenly takes her handbag and swings it at Dana hitting Dana right in the head with it causing Dana’s head, shoulders and chest to jerk back!  Dana stops in her tracks.  She turns her head to the side and looks right at the elderly woman. The elderly woman and the crowd frighteningly back away as they look at Dana.  Dana angrily turns her head back towards Rose and crushes Rose’s neck even tighter!  The crowd becomes more shocked and hostile!  They rush back to Dana!  Some of the people in the crowd start to kick Dana!  Dana’s body jerks from the kick blows but she still does not budge!  Her hands get even tighter around Rose’s neck continuing to crush Rose's neck!  Dana then holds her head down to her chest as the crowd starts to wrap their arms all around her body, trying to pull her tight grip from around Rose's neck again!  The crowd then pulls Dana back, but Dana still does not budge!  Her hands continue to crush Rose's neck as the crowd struggles to pull and lift her causing Rose’s head and neck to be lifted!  
After a harsh struggle, the crowd finally manages to pull Dana's tight grip from around Rose's neck! Dana suddenly leaps up pushing the crowd off her!  The crowd runs from her in fear again! Rose is unconscious! Her face has turned blue! Dana then kicks Rose real hard in the head, causing Rose's entire body to turn to the side, getting her body off the base­ball bat! Dana then bends down and grabs the baseball bat that was beneath Rose! She stands back up and gives Rose another hard kick to the head! Then she races away again to look for Kathy's other two accomplices! The crowd hurries behind Dana! Rose continues to lay unconscious on the ground!
Dana starts to look for the second accomplice, Sandra, but can­not find her anywhere! Dana is furious! She has more blood on her clothes! She has more blood on the baseball bat! She starts to race back towards Missy with the bloody baseball bat swinging from her bloodied hands again! As Dana races back towards Missy, the crowd that is near Missy runs away from Missy! They do not want to be in Dana's path! Dana soon reaches Missy! Her eyes are filled with hatred and tears as she screams, "MISSY WHO ELSE PUTTED THEIR HANDS ON YOU?"
"I'M ALRIGHT DANA! PLEASE STOP," Missy cries and shouts! She is afraid that Dana's anger is actually going to kill some­ one!  Dana suddenly races away trying to find the third accomplice, Derek! Missy and the rest of the family race away behind Dana, try­ing to stop her! They are all afraid that Dana's anger is going to get someone killed! They all try to control Dana and calm her down, but every time someone tries to come near Dana to stop her, Dana swings the bat real hard at them! The bat misses them by a couple of inches! People are actually afraid to try to stop Dana! They do not want to get hit with the baseball bat! They are all afraid to come near or close to Dana! In fact most of the people in the crowd run away from Dana, seeing how angry she is and out of control! They do not want to be in her path, which they all consider to be deadly!
Dana suddenly sees the third accomplice, Derek! She starts to race towards Derek with the bloody baseball bat still swinging from her bloodied hands! Derek sees Dana racing right towards him! He turns and starts to run! Dana continues to chase after Derek! She soon catches up to Derek! As Dana reaches Derek, she takes a base­ball position again and swings the bat real hard across Derek's back! Derek lets out a bloodcurdling scream and falls forward to the ground! Dana swings the bat at Derek again! She continues to beat Derek with the baseball bat as he lays helpless on the ground! Derek has blood all over himself! One of the men in the crowd finally man­ages to sneak up under Dana and grab her! The rest of the men in the crowd start to grab on to Dana and subdue her, trying to stop her before she kills the guy! The men in the crowd continue to struggle with Dana as Dana struggles to break free from them! It is taking around 7 or 8 men to try and subdue Dana as she continues to hold tightly on to the baseball bat!
The second accomplice Sandra has disappeared! She is still on the run! She is running as fast as she can! She is crying and scream­ing in terrible fear! She does not want Dana to find her! She contin­ues to run! She runs all the way to the bus stop! She stays there for a while, hiding behind a pillar, trying to catch her breath! She is very scared! She is nervous! She is sweating! She is shaking like a leaf! She waits anxiously for the bus! As she waits for the bus, she ner­vously looks her head around for Dana, hoping that Dana will not find her or catch up to her! She wants to escape Dana's fury! She continues to look her head around for Dana! She does not see Dana nor anyone else in the crowd coming her way!
A couple of buses are about to approach the bus stop! They both stop at the bus stop and open the doors! Sandra dashes right into the first bus that stops!  As she hurries on to the bus, the passengers on the bus look at her strangely, wondering what is wrong with her! Sandra then goes to the middle of the bus and takes a seat! She stares nervously out of the window as the bus pulls off! She then turns her head around and looks towards the front of the bus. She notices the passengers staring at her. She nervously stares back at the passen­gers! One of the male passengers asks her, "Miss are you alright? Is someone chasing you?"
"No," Sandra nervously says. "No one is chasing me. I'm alright." She then turns to stare nervously back out the window!
Back at the incident, the police and the ambulance arrive! The police go to break up the struggle with Dana and the men! The police try to subdue Dana! Dana puts up a violent struggle with the police! She fights the police as they struggle with her! The police struggle with Dana for a while! It is taking around 6 to 7 cops to hold her down! The police finally manage to hold Dana down! They lay her face down on the ground with her legs spread apart! They put her hands behind her back and slap the handcuffs on her as she lies there! Dana's face is red with anger! Her eyes are filled with hatred, as they are about to roll behind her head! Her family is all hollering and screaming very hysterically!
The other side of the park looks like a tiny war zone! Kathy still lies on the ground! She is all battered and bruised! She lies in a heavy pool of blood! She is unconscious from Dana's choking! The paramedics approach Kathy and tend to her! They soon lift Kathy up and put her into a stretcher! They then put Kathy and the stretcher into an ambulance!
The third accomplice, Derek, lies on the ground in a heavy pool of blood also! He is also bruised! The paramedics also approach him! They put Derek into a stretcher! They then put him into anoth­er ambulance!
The first man that tried to body slam Dana continues to lay on the ground in terrible pain! The paramedics approach him and tend to him! The paramedics claim to the police that the man is suffering from head and neck injuries, a broken arm, a broken collarbone and a dislocated shoulder! The paramedics then put the man into a stretcher! They put him and the stretcher into another ambulance!
The other two men that tried to body slam Dana remain on the ground in terrible pain also! The paramedics approach them also! They tend to the two men!  The paramedics claim to the police that the two men are also suffering from head and neck injuries, broken arms, broken collarbones and dislocated shoulders! The paramedics also tell the police that one of the men has a busted eye socket and might lose an eye! The police become stunned. The paramedics then put the two men into stretchers! They then lift the two men and their stretchers and put them into other ambulances! Now all five ambu­lances are racing away to the hospital!
Everyone in the crowd is all screaming and hostile! Missy, Landa and Londa are all crying out and screaming for Dana as Dana still lays handcuffed face down on the ground with her legs spread apart! They are all shouting, "DANA! DANA!" They try to run to Dana, but the police grab and stop them! The police try to hold on to Missy, Landa and Londa as they continue to scream out for Dana!
Everyone in the crowd continues to be hostile! They are running and screaming all over the place! As the crowd continues to be hos­tile, Missy, Landa and Londa break free away from the police! They start to run the other direction! As they run, they suddenly see a group of cops and paramedics leaning over Rose as Rose continues to lie on the ground in a heavy pool of blood! They see the cops and the paramedics repeatedly pound on Rose's chest! They see Rose's chest, body and legs repeatedly jerk up as the cops and the para­medics pound hard on her chest and body! The cops and the para­medics repeatedly pound hard on Rose's chest and body for a while as the crowd continues to look on and remain hostile!
After a short while, the cops and the paramedics stop pounding on Rose's chest. They lean back up and sadly stare down at Rose. They then put a white sheet over Rose's lower body. Sammy, Thomas, Missy, Landa, Londa, Dana's other relatives and the rest of the crowd then see the cops and the paramedics pull the white sheet all the way up to Rose's head, covering her whole head! They see the sheet covering Rose's entire body! The entire crowd becomes shocked and stunned! They realize Rose has died! They realize she has passed away! They realize she has passed away from Dana's beating and choking! They all realize that Dana has killed Rose!
Rose's body remains on the ground, covered by the sheet! The entire crowd, horrified, looks on at Rose's lifeless body as it remains under the white sheet! Dana's sisters start to go and scream out for her again as Rose's lifeless body remains on the ground! They con­tinue to run and scream out for Dana as Dana still lays handcuffed on the ground with her legs spread apart! The police then lift Dana up off the ground!  They put Dana into the police car and arrest her for beating up three people with a baseball bat, choking and killing one of them! The police then close the car door behind Dana! They race away with Dana in the police car! Missy, Landa and Londa all continue to cry out and scream for Dana as they are about to chase the police cars on foot! Missy, Landa and Londa then stop running! They turn back around and run back to the incident! They see Rose's lifeless body still lying on the ground underneath the now bloodied sheet!
Dana's family all start to hurry back to her car and the two other cars! They take her car and the two other cars and speed off to the police station!
Dana's family soon arrives at the police station! They are not able to see her! They stay and hang around the front desk!
Back at the scene, a heavy crowd of people is still there! The police and other paramedics are still at the scene also! Rose's body is now placed in a body bag! The body is then put on to a stretcher! The paramedics carry the body into an ambulance! The ambulance then takes off with Rose's body! The police make a report of the tragedy, which left five people seriously hurt and one dead.
Dana is still at the police station. She gets more assault charges against her. She is kept at the police station all evening and all night. More of her family, relatives and friends hear the news of her arrest. They all come and show up at the police station, including her father David and his parents Gracy and Mike. Tony shows up at the police station. Diane D also shows up at the precinct with her husband Michael, Joseph and Teresa. They all come to see Dana! They all heard the news of Dana attacking three people with a baseball bat, choking and killing one of them!
The police have Dana in a back room. Her family and friends still are not able to see her! They are all angry and hostile at the front desk! Diane D sits and tries to comfort her grandmother Gracy.
Later on at the precinct, two co-workers of Dana's and Teresa's named Anne, a white woman around her mid thirties, and Darryl, a black man around his mid thirties, show up. They look around and see Diane D sitting next to Gracy. They go to Diane D and start to sit next to her as Darryl says, “Hi Diane.”  Diane D turns towards Darryl and Anne as Darryl says, “Hey Diane, we just heard Dana had gotten arrested!  We were shocked when we heard what Dana had did!  We heard she had beaten up three peo­ple with a baseball bat, breaking their bones, choking and killing one of them!”
“Yeah,” Anne says. “We heard three different men tried to body slam Dana at the fight, then they wound up hurt with broken bones and put into the hospital!”
"Yeah. You know Dana has sort of a reputation at our job.”
“Oh yeah?” Diane D asks. “What kind of reputation?”
“Everybody at the stockroom knows that she has a violent temper."  Diane D looks at Darryl and Anne as Darryl and Anne stare at her.

After being in police custody all night, Dana is being sent off to jail!  She is offered no bail, so she has to remain in jail for a month and a half until her court date appearance. Her family is notified of her court date appearance. Dana's family, relatives and friends are all upset about her being sent to jail! She is being taken out the back door! Tony is also very upset! He and everyone else will all miss Dana!
A couple of hours later, Dana's family and relatives soon return home to Gracy and Mike's house. They are all sad and bitter about Dana being sent to jail. David then goes upstairs inside one of the bedrooms. He sits on the bed and starts to make a phone call. He calls up Christine who is down in Jamaica.
Down in Jamaica, the telephone rings inside Christine's house. Christine picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Christine. It's me David."
"Hi David! How are you?"
"Oh I'm alright Christine, but Dana is not."
"Dana is not alright?"
"No!"
"What are you talking about David? What's going on?"
"Dana is in jail again Christine!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! She had attacked and beaten up three people with a base­ball bat!"
"WHAT! DANA BEAT UP THREE PEOPLE WITH A BASE­BALL BAT?"
"Yeah!"
"OH MY GOD DAVID! WHAT THREE PEOPLE?"
"You know, the people that Missy had a problem with before! You remember Missy's co-worker Raymond, right?"
"YEAH I HEARD OF HIM!"
"Well you heard of his girlfriend Kathy right? The one that Missy was always complaining about?"
"YEAH I REMEMBER!"
"Well this Kathy and three friends of hers had all ganged and beat up on Missy! They had all attacked Missy when she was leav­ing the school! They jumped on her Christine! They gave Missy a bloody nose and a bruised up face! I heard they knocked Missy to the ground! Then Missy came home crying and screaming! She told the whole family about what happened to her! Then everybody in the family got very angry and upset about it! That's when I heard Dana had come down the steps and found out about it! And when Dana found out about it, the family said that she got very angry! They said that Dana stormed right back upstairs to change her clothes! Then she stormed right back down the stairs and grabbed a baseball bat right out of the front closet! They said she ran right out the house, got inside her car with everybody else and went looking for these people! Then Missy spotted Kathy and Kathy's accom­plices at a park, that's when Dana saw them! When Dana saw them, the family said that she stopped her car, jumped right out of it, chased after Kathy and her friends with the baseball bat and attacked three of them with it! She wound up choking and killing one of them!"
"WHAT! SHE KILLED ONE OF THEM?"
"I'm afraid she did Christine!"
"OH MY GOD DAVID!"
"And now she's in jail! She has to stay in jail for a month and a half until her court date appearance!"
"OH MY GOD! WELL WHICH PERSON WAS IT? WHICH PERSON DID DANA CHOKED AND KILLED?"
"It was one of Kathy's accomplices! A woman named Rose!  Dana choked her to death!"
"OH MY GOD! WELL HOW'S MISSY? HOW'S SHE TAK­ING THIS?"
"Oh Missy's pretty shaken up by this whole thing! I wasn't home when this all happened! I had found out about it when I came home from work! When I found out about it, the police had already took Dana into custody! Then I went to the police station with the rest of the family! After a while, the police took Dana to jail! Later on, we all came back home! That's when I called you!"
"OH DAVID! I'M GONNA TRY TO CATCH THE NEXT PLANE UP THERE, OKAY?"
"Okay Christine."
"I'M NOT SURE EXACTLY WHAT TIME I'LL GET THERE!"
"Alright. Just come over here to Mom and Dad's house when­ever you arrive, okay?"
"OKAY DAVID! I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW!"
"Okay Christine. By now."
"Bye David!"
David hangs up the telephone.
The next morning, Christine shows up at Gracy and Mike's house with several of her family members from Jamaica, including her two brothers Alan and Harold, their sister Patricia and their par­ents Winston and Marie. A short while later, David's family and Christine's family all go to visit Dana as she sits in jail.
As Dana sits and waits in jail, Teresa starts taking the bus and train back and forth to work, now that Dana isn't around to pick her up and bring her home anymore.
One morning, Teresa arrives to work. When she enters the stock­room, all the employees inside the stockroom approach her! They start to talk to and question Teresa about Dana! They all tell Teresa that they heard the news of what happened to Dana! They tell Teresa that they heard the news of Dana attacking and beating up three peo­ple with a baseball bat, breaking their bones, choking and killing one of them! They tell Teresa that they heard three different men tried to body slam Dana at the fight, then they wound up hurt with broken bones and put into the hospital! All the employees want to know what is happening with Dana! They all want to know how Dana feels about taking another human life. Teresa tells them all, "Look, I don't really know what is happening with Dana right now!  All I know is that she is sitting in jail and I don't know how she feels about taking another human life! I haven't had the chance to talk to or speak with Dana since the day before she had that fight! I can't go and visit her in jail because she has too many family members trying to see and visit her already! The correctional facility cannot allow everybody in there at once!"
It is two days later. There is a funeral for Rose. Rose's family is all crying and grieving at the funeral! During the meantime, Kathy still remains in the hospital, laying there with a broken nose and wearing a neck brace! She is still suffering from a few other broken bones and is still in a lot of pain!
Two days later, Kathy is released from the hospital, after spend­ing 6 days in there. She is covered in the neck brace, an arm cast, a leg cast and several bandages! Her family and Rose's family decide to go to court to file assault charges and murder charges against Dana and Missy's family while Dana still sits in jail! The courts give Kathy's family and Rose's family a date to appear in court, which is the same date Dana is supposed to appear in court. Kathy nervously asks a male court officer, "Will Dana also be in the courtroom on that date?"
The court officer looks at the papers. He then tells Kathy, "Yes, Dana will be here on that date also when she is taken out of jail."
"Well I'm kind of afraid to be in the same room with her!"
"There will be security in the courtroom. You don't have to be afraid."
Kathy nervously stands around for a few seconds. Then she walks away.
Dana and Missy's family is soon summoned to appear in court that same day also! They are all outraged by it!
As Dana sits and waits in jail for her court appearance, her grandparents Gracy and Mike go to hire a couple of private criminal attorneys to fight her case. They hire George Hanson, a male black around his late 40's, and Walter Stevens, a male white around his late 40's! George and Walter agree to take on Dana's case for when she goes to appear in court.
As Dana continues to sit and wait in jail, Missy takes a couple of weeks off from work. When she comes back to work, there is some tension between her and Raymond. They hardly speak to one another. They don't take lunch together anymore.

Another four weeks has gone by. It is time for Dana to appear in court. All of her family and friends are there sitting inside the court­room, including her parents, her two sets of grandparents, her aunts, her uncles, her brothers, her sisters, her many cousins, including Diane D. Tony, Michael, Joseph and Teresa are in the courtroom also. They all sit in the courtroom, waiting for Dana's arrival.
Raymond sits on the other side of the courtroom besides Kathy, who is still in casts and bandages, but without the neck brace. Kathy's family and Rose's family also appear in the courtroom, sit­ting on the same side of the room as Kathy.
Dana's attorney, George Hanson soon walks into the courtroom. He approaches Gracy, Mike, Christine, David, Winston and Marie as they sit and wait for Dana's arrival. He bends down to them. They all begin to speak in very low voices as everyone in the courtroom stares at them.
The court is now about to begin. George Hanson stands up. He goes to the front of the courtroom where Walter Stevens is. A cor­rectional officer who works at the jail where Dana was sent to appears in court also. He tells the courts that he wants to make a complaint against Dana. He tells the courts that he does not want to work his job near or around Dana, because he says he had a problem with Dana while she was in jail! He tells the courts that Dana had made a threat against him! He tells the courts that Dana had threat­ened to kill him, right inside the jail! Everyone inside the courtroom becomes shocked and stunned hearing this! The correctional officer tells the courts that he refuses to work his job near or around Dana! He tells the courts that a lot of other correctional officers in the jail feel the same way he does and they do not want to work their job near or around Dana, because they feel that she is a dangerous per­son and seems capable of killing anybody, without a second thought! Everyone inside the courtroom remains stunned hearing this. The courts then make an arrangement with the correctional officer to get written statements from his fellow correctional officers. The courts then begin to speak with Dana's attorneys George Hanson and Walter Stevens about the correctional officer's incident with Dana. If the correctional officer brings the statements back, Dana would be sent to another facility, if she's sent back to jail.
The court continues to proceed. Kathy and her mother Julie file assault charges against Dana while Rose's family file murder charges against Dana. Soon, the judge tells the court officers to bring the defendant out.  The court officers go into the front room behind the judge's bench. They go into a cell where Dana is. They approach Dana and jerk her up off a chair as her hands are handcuffed behind her back. The correctional officers lead Dana out of the cell. They surround Dana as they lead her towards the door to the courtroom. They bring Dana out into the courtroom. All of Dana's family and friends become excited to see her as the court officers lead her out. Kathy's family and Rose's family look on nervously as the court officers lead a handcuffed Dana out into the courtroom. Dana looks towards her family and friends as she is being lead. Her family and friends all smile and wave to her, but she gives them all a firm look and does not respond back to them. Dana then gives a firm look at Kathy. Her family and friends start to look towards Kathy also. Kathy, Raymond, Julie and Rose's family all become nervous as they look back at Dana and Dana's family. Dana then stands between her attorneys George Hanson and Walter Stevens as she turns to face the judge. George and Walter then begin to fight for Dana's case.
After the long court procedure, the case is now over. Dana is charged with involuntary manslaughter and several accounts of aggravated assault! She is sentenced to 4 years in prison! Hanson and Stevens get Dana's sentence reduced to twenty-two and a half months in prison! The sentence is supposed to include the month and a half that Dana had spent waiting in jail, which gives her a total of twenty-four months behind bars, plus a year of probation and com­munity service after she is released.
Dana is now being sent to prison! She is being taking away out of the courtroom still in handcuffs! She begins to struggle with the court officers as they take her away! Her family becomes outraged! They all start to cry out and scream out for her! They begin to hurry towards her and go after her! The court officers hurry Dana into the front room, trying to keep her family, her relatives and her friends away from her! They then slam the door shut! Everyone is all hos­tile and angry! Tony is very upset! He tries to go after Dana as he cries out, "DANA! DANA!" The court officers pull him back and try to restrain him! Missy and the triplets try to go after Dana also as they cry and scream out, "DANA! DANA!" The officers try to restrain them also! Kathy's family and Rose's family look on ner­vously! Dana's family, relatives and friends are all very angry and upset!  They try to file harassment and assault charges back against Kathy and Rose's family for Kathy and Rose harassing and attack­ing Missy in the first place, which caused Dana's assaults and killing to begin with! Dana's Aunt Celeste and the rest of the family bring Missy in front of the judge and shout, "DANA WOULD HAVE NEVER ATTACKED KATHY OR KATHY'S FRIENDS IF THEY HAD NEVER BOTHERED OR GANGED UP ON MISSY IN THE FIRST PLACE AND PUT A BRUISE ON HER FACE!" George Hanson and Walter Stevens try to charge Kathy and Rose's family with harassment and assault also! The courts then charge Kathy and Rose's family with aggravated assault and gives Kathy and Rose's family a heavy fine! Dana's entire family is still outraged by her being sent to prison. Everyone in the courtroom is all shouting and screaming. Dana's family and friends are all very angry and upset! They do not want Dana to go.
























Chapter 8

Dana's Incarceration


After Dana is sent to prison, her family and friends are all sad­dened and embittered by it. They all miss Dana terribly! Dana's fam­ily keeps her car while she is away in prison. They keep her car in her grandparents' garage most of the time. They drive it every so often. Dana's father David calls up the car dealer's finance and tells them that he will continue the payments for his daughter's car while she is away in prison.
Tony is alone inside his apartment. He is very sad and depressed. He misses Dana badly! He is suffering emotionally! He is losing sleep! He does not go to work. He doesn't go to work for a few days. His family becomes very worried about him.
Several days later, Tony starts to suffer physically! He is in his apartment alone! He starts to get pains in his chest! He calls up his family! They all soon rush over to his and Dana's apartment and quickly rush him to the hospital! Tony's family soon arrives at the hospital with him! The doctors then put Tony onto a stretcher! He is then carried off!
Tony's family stays in the hospital with him for a while. His family soon calls up Dana's family and notifies them of Tony being in the hospital. Dana's family all start to rush off to the hospital to see Tony! They all know how much he misses Dana. They all know how much he really loves and cares about Dana. They soon arrive to the hospital.
After a while, Tony's family and Dana's family all wait around the hospital to see what the doctors are going to do with Tony. The doctors come out to see both families. They tell both families that Tony is suffering from a nervous breakdown! The doctors tell both families that Tony's chest pains are being brought on by stress! The doctors say that Tony is suffering from a lot of stress and deep depression and say that they want to keep Tony in the hospital overnight to keep an eye on him. Tony's family then goes into the room to see him. He is asleep. He is hooked up to some tubes and monitors. His family stays there beside him for a while. They then leave the room so Dana's family could come in and see him. Dana's family soon comes into the room. They stay in the room with Tony for a while. After a while, they then leave the room.
Soon both families leave the hospital. They all stand outside the hospital and talk about how much they all miss Dana and how much Tony misses Dana. They talk about how much Tony really loves and cares about Dana. After everyone finishes talking, they all start to head for home.
The next day, Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph all come to visit Tony at the hospital. They stay there with him for a while. They all can see how much he misses Dana. They tell Tony that they'll all be there for him. Tony's family soon walks into the room. They say 'hello' to everybody. Tony's mother Susan approaches him with a smile. They all stay with Tony for a while. Soon Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph say goodbye to Tony, then leave the room. Everyone misses Dana's presence.
Missy has taken off work again. She has taken off work for a couple of weeks. She has not been to work at the school since Dana has been sent to prison.
Teresa still takes the bus and train back and forth to work, since Dana is still not around to pick her up and bring her home anymore.
Christine and her family members start to head back to Jamaica. She and her family members are very sad and depressed about Dana's incarceration. They sadly arrive to Kennedy Airport with David and some of the children. David and the children walk Christine and her family members to the departure gate. Before Christine and her family members go through the departure gate, Christine tearfully hugs and kisses her children goodbye. She then hugs and kisses David goodbye as her family members hug and kiss her children. Christine's family members then hug David goodbye.  They and Christine then go through the departure gate. Christine turns to David and her children and tells them, "I'll call you all when we get home."
"Okay Christine," David says. "By now."
"By," Christine says as she and her family members start to walk down the corridor. David and his children watch Christine and her family members as they go down the corridor.
Two weeks later, Missy starts back to work at the school. As Missy comes back to work, there is still some tension between her and Raymond. Missy and Raymond still aren't on speaking terms. They still have bitter feelings towards one another for what Missy's family and Raymond's girlfriend Kathy has been going through. Missy and Raymond still don't take lunch break together anymore. Kathy continues to come around the school and waits for Raymond, but she does not bother Missy anymore.
One day, it is the end of the school day. Raymond goes to catch up with Kathy outside the school. Missy leaves the school building and starts to walk down the street. She walks right pass Raymond and Kathy. She gives Kathy a look. Kathy looks back at Missy. Missy continues to keep going, not saying a single word to Raymond or Kathy.

It is 4 months later now. Everyone is still sad and depressed about Dana's incarceration. Her family, her friends and Tony all miss her presence. Teresa is still catching the bus and train to work. She sits alone on the bus, sad and depressed. Everyone at the stockroom questions her once in a while about Dana, asking her how is Dana doing. Teresa tells them all that Dana is doing fine so far.
Missy still runs into Raymond once in a while at the school. They hardly speak to each other anymore. Then one day, Raymond sees Missy in the school hallway. He decides to approach her. He goes to Missy and says, "Hello Missy."
"Hello," Missy says.
"So how are you Missy? How's everything?"
"I'm okay so far Raymond."
"Oh yeah? That's good. How's your sister Dana doing?"
"Oh Dana is doing fine so far."
"Oh really? That's good."
"Yeah. I miss Dana Raymond. My entire family misses her. Her boyfriend Tony and my family take the long drive to the Upstate prison every month to visit her."
Raymond sadly looks at Missy.
One afternoon, Tony is sitting and riding on the city bus. He sits there in the seat alone. He hears the Classic Soul song in his head 'Love Will Find The Way,' by Lionel Richie. He starts to think about Dana. He starts to suffer another depression, thinking about Dana and the song. Tears begin to roll from his eyes down his cheeks. He starts to miss Dana terribly again. He begins to feel pains in his chest. He starts to hold on to his chest. The bus driver sees Tony in the rearview mirror. He stops the bus. He gets up and walks towards Tony and asks, "Are you okay Sir?"
"No," Tony tells the bus driver. "I have a pain in my chest."
"I'll call for an ambulance!" The bus driver then hurries away!
A short while later, the ambulance arrive. The paramedics go into the bus to take Tony out. They bring Tony out and put him on to a waiting stretcher. They then lift Tony into an ambulance and close the door. The paramedics then rush inside the ambulance and speed off! Tony is now being rushed off to the hospital!
The ambulance soon arrives at the hospital with Tony! Tony's family is soon called! His entire family shows up at the hospital again! After a while, Tony's family calls up Dana's family! Dana's family starts to rush to the hospital to see Tony! They soon arrive to the hospital! They go to the room where Tony is. When they enter the room, they see Tony's family members standing over him. Everyone sees how much Tony misses Dana! They all wish Dana could come home soon, so she can be with her family and get Tony out of his depression! The doctor tells Tony's family and Dana's family that Tony is suffering from stress again! The doctor tells Tony's family that the hospital is going to let Tony stay overnight to keep an eye on his condition.

It is now 7 months later. Tony is alone in his apartment drinking coffee. He has the radio on, listening to Classic Soul music. He hears the Classic Soul song 'I Miss You,' by Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes. He starts to think about Dana again. He starts to suffer anoth­er depression hearing the song. He starts to get pains in his chest again. He goes into the bedroom and calls up his family. He tells them that he has terrible pains in his chest again.
Tony's family soon arrives to his apartment, including his two little nephews who are around 7 and 8 years old.  As Tony's family helps him out of the bedroom, his two little nephews decide to play around and jump on his bed. They jump up and down on the bed try­ing to do flips. Tony's father Larry yells at the two little boys and shouts, "THIS IS NO TIME TO PLAY AROUND YOU GUYS! TONY IS NOT FEELING WELL! WE HAVE TO RUSH HIM TO THE HOSPITAL!" The two boys quickly stop jumping on the bed. They then help the family with Tony.
Tony's family soon rushes him off to the hospital. When they arrive to the hospital, they call up Dana's family. Dana's family and relatives all rush to the hospital to see Tony! When they arrive, the doctor tells both Tony's family and Dana's family that Tony is suf­fering from a nervous breakdown again. The doctor tells both fam­ilies that Tony is going to need a lot of rest. They say that Tony is going to need his mind occupied in some kind of activity, to get off his depression.
It is a week later now. Tony starts to get his mind occupied. He goes out with Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph. He goes bowling with them. He goes to parties with them. He goes fishing with them. He goes camping with them. He also goes on long drives with them to The Mountains and Atlantic City, but he still thinks about Dana. He is still miserable of her absence. He wishes so badly for Dana to come home to be with him, her family and her friends, but he still has another 11 months to wait.
Another 6 months has passed. Tony is still miserable about Dana's absence. People around his neighborhood and at his job all see that he is very sad and depressed about not having Dana around. They all ask him how come he stays with a violent tempered person like Dana, especially after her many arrests! People tell Tony that there are plenty of fishes in the sea! They tell him that there are plen­ty of women out there who would love to have him! They all ask him why can't he just find another woman for the time being! They all tell Tony that he is a very handsome and decent gentleman, who can probably get any woman, but Tony doesn't want another woman, he wants Dana! Tony knows that there are plenty of women out there, but he knows that there will never be another woman like Dana. He thinks that Dana is one of a kind and that there will never be anoth­er like her, so he just continues to remain faithful to Dana and wait for her to come home from prison.




















































Chapter 9

Dana's Homecoming


Another 5 months has passed. Dana is being released from prison. Her family, relatives and friends all come and wait for her at the jail where she will be sent and released to them! As Dana's family, relatives and friends sit and wait for her arrival at the jail, she finally shows up to them. They all see her. They become excited and happily approach Dana! Christine, who had come back from Jamaica with her family, is the first to grab Dana and start hugging and kissing all over her. David then starts to hug and kiss all over Dana. Next, the entire family starts hugging and kissing all over Dana! They all grab Dana and put their arms all around her! Tony starts to hug and squeeze on Dana very tightly. He seems to be the happiest man in the world.
After everyone finishes hugging and kissing all over Dana, Christine gives one last big hug to Dana. She tries to lift Dana up. Gracy happily says, "Oh Christine! You're trying to lift Dana up like you used to when she was a little girl!"
"I know! Oh what the heck, she's still my little girl," Christine happily says as she tries to lift Dana up again. Everyone happily laughs. Dana's back is towards her family and friends as she and her mother hug tightly on to one another. Christine looks at all the fam­ily and friends with a great big smile on her face, but Sammy stand­ing on the side notices that Dana secretly has a look of anger on her face as she looks straight ahead away from everybody else.  No one else notices the anger on Dana's face. Sammy nervously smiles and says to everybody, "Hey come on everybody! Let's hurry up and get Dana home, shall we?"
Everyone excitingly agrees! They all take Dana to the several cars that they have with them! Dana gets into one of the cars! She and her family are off on their way home!
Dana is sent into her family's custody. She is put on a year's pro­bation! She has to do community services for a year. She has to work at the Community Center on the weekends. She has to start working at the Community Center within a month.
Later on that evening, everyone is at Gracy and Mike's house, including Dana. Everyone is there for a family dinner, celebrating Dana's home coming. They celebrate for a while.
While the family is celebrating, Sammy pulls his mother Christine to the side. He brings her to an upstairs bedroom. He closes the door and says, "You know Mom, Dana doesn't appear to be happy."
Christine looks at her son, puzzled, and asks, "What are you talking about Sammy? What do you mean Dana doesn't appear to be happy?"
"She's not happy Mom! I keep noticing the look on her face! Mom, Dana is not happy!"
"No?"
"No!"
"Well Sammy do you think something could be troubling her? What do you think could be troubling her?"
"I don't know Mom! All I know is that I'm very worried about her!"
"Oh yeah? Well of course Dana might not be happy Sammy! She has to do probation for a year! I mean who would be happy with that?"
"Mom, I don't know if it's just that!"
"What do you mean you don't know if it's just that?"
"Mom, I'm afraid that Dana didn't get over the fact of Kathy and Kathy's friends beating and ganging up on Missy! And I don't think that Dana has gotten over the fact of herself being sent to prison for it! Mom, Dana doesn't appear to be happy, she appears to be real angry inside. And I think she's trying to hide it and not show it! But I could see she is very angry inside. Mom, we all know that Dana has a violent temper, right?  I'm afraid that if Dana holds her anger inside, her mind is going to snap and she's gonna really explode!"
"Oh no! I didn't notice anything! I didn't notice that Dana appears unhappy! I guess I was so happy and excited to have my baby come back home, that I didn't notice anything else!" Christine worriedly looks at Sammy and says, "Oh Sammy I'm gonna have to have a talk with Dana! I want her to talk to me and tell me her prob­lems before she could have any chance to explode!"
"Yeah? Well when do you think you'll be able to talk to her Mom?"
"Well it's going to have to wait until I can get her alone. The whole family is still gathered around her. I might not be able to talk to her until tomorrow."
Sammy worriedly puts his arm around his mother and says, "Okay Mom. But if you or Dana need me for anything at all, just let me know alright? I'll be here for both of you!"
"Oh thanks Sammy. Thanks for letting me know about Dana seeming unhappy. I'm sorry I didn't notice it."
"That's okay Mom. I just wanted to let you know. I don't know if anybody else notice Dana's face, but if they do, they're not saying anything. All I know is that I'm worried about her. Dana is my sis­ter and I'm gonna lookout for her."
"I know Sammy. We're all gonna lookout for Dana. Come on. Let's go back and join everybody."
Sammy smiles and leads his mother towards the bedroom door. They both walk out the room.
Dana stays with her family at her grandparents' home for the next few weeks. Tony stops by Dana's grandparents' home almost every day to visit her.
Two weeks later, Christine and her family members start to head back to Jamaica. They all arrive to Kennedy Airport with David and the children, including Dana. David and all the children walk Christine and her family members to the departure gate. Christine then hugs and kisses all of her children goodbye. She hugs and kiss­es David as her family members hug and kiss her children. Christine then goes back to Dana. She holds on to Dana's arms and asks her, "Now do you remember what we talked about Dana?"
"Yeah, I remember Mom."
"Good. I'm gonna call you when I get home okay?" 
"Okay Mom."
Christine then gives Dana one final hug and kiss.  After she fin­ishes, she turns around towards the departure gate with her family members. They all go through the departure gate. Christine and her family members wave goodbye to David and the children. David and the children wave back. They continue to watch Christine and her family members as they walk down the corridor.
After another week, Dana moves back in with Tony. Another week passes and Dana starts her duty at the Community Center.
It is now the weekend. Dana is working at the Community Center. She works in an office around a lot of computers and copy machines again. Her family and friends stop by the office to visit her, to see how she is doing and to see how she is coping. Dana's family and friends all sit inside the office with her for the last few hours.
It is soon time for Dana to get ready to leave and go home. She gets her belongings ready. She soon walks out of the office door with her family and friends.

It is a month later now. Dana goes back to her old job with Teresa. They drive back to the stockroom together. Teresa is happy to have Dana back as her chauffeur!
When Dana and Teresa arrive to work, they stop at the back desk near the back door where Kenneth is sitting. Everyone in the stock­room looks towards the backdoor. They are all amazed to see Dana! Dana and Teresa start to walk towards the stockroom. Anne excit­ingly approaches Dana in the hallway. She smiles and says, "Hi Dana! How are you? How've you been?"
"I've been alright."
"Yeah? So how is everything going? What's going on with you?"
"Nothing much."
"So what are you doing with yourself right now Dana?"
"I'm gonna try to get this job back, then I'll see what happens from here."
"Yeah? Well good then!"
Anne pulls Dana to the side. She then asks, "So Dana? What happened at that fight you had? I heard that one of the people you had a fight with was killed. A woman named Rose, right? What hap­pened?"
"I don't want to talk about it Anne."
"No?"
"No."
"Well why not?"
"I just don't want to talk about it, alright?" Dana firmly says.
"Alright then," Anne nervously says.
Then without saying another word, Dana suddenly turns away from Anne and walks away towards the stockroom. Anne is left standing there as she stares, puzzled, at Dana. Teresa soon follows behind Dana towards the stockroom.
When Dana enters the stockroom, another employee, a male white around his early 40's named Jay approaches Dana. He says, "Hey Dana! Nice to see you again!"
"Thanks."
"So how are you doing Dana?" Jay asks. "What's happening with you?"
"Nothing much. I'm just trying to get this job back, that's all."
"Yeah? That's good Dana! I hope you're able to come back!"
"Yeah, me too."
Jay then pulls Dana to the side. He asks her, "Hey Dana, when you had that fight with those three people, what really happened to them? Did you actually choked and killed one of them?"
"I don't want to talk about it Jay."
"No?"
"No."
"Well what was prison like then? I mean, how did it feel to be in prison? How did you cope with it?"
"Jay please, I don't want to talk about it, alright?"
"Sorry. I didn't mean to offend you. I won't ask you any of those questions anymore."
Then without saying another word again, Dana suddenly turns around and walks away.
Soon, another employee, an Asian guy named Don approaches Dana. He says, "Hey Dana! Nice to see you again! How's it going? What's new with you?"
"Nothing much."
"No? Hey Dana, we all heard about that fight you had! We all heard that you beat three people with a baseball bat and choked and killed one of them! We also heard three guys tried to body slam you off those two women, Rose and Kathy! We even heard that one of those guys lost an eye when he and the other guy tried to body slam you! Is it true Dana? Is it true that one of those guys lost an eye, try­ing to body slam you?"
"I don't want to talk about it Don," Dana says. Then without saying another word, Dana turns around and goes into a file cabinet. As Dana looks through the file cabinet, around 17 to 18 co-workers excitingly approach her. They all start to surround Dana as she looks into the file cabinet. The co-workers are all naturally curious about what has been going on with Dana. They start to question Dana about her incident. They start to question Dana about her spending time in prison. They all want to know how she coped with being in prison. They all want to know how she feels about killing someone, taking another human life.
As Dana's co-workers continue to question her about her inci­dent, she becomes angry! Her face turns red and starts to boil! She BANGS her fist real hard against the file cabinet and SLAMS it close with such great force as she screams at everybody and shouts, "LOOK, I DONT....WANT....TO....TALK ABOUT IT, ALRIGHT? IT IS NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS ABOUT WHAT HAP­PENED TO ME, WHAT'S GOING ON WITH ME OR HOW I FEEL ABOUT ANYTHING, ALRIGHT?"
Dana angrily goes away from her co-workers and heads towards the door! On her way out the stockroom, she violently BANGS the door wide open with such great force that it shakes the walls, caus­ing a trembling vibration in the room! She gives a firm angry walk as she walks into the hallway! The door then SLAMS back shut with such tremendous force, that it almost comes right off its hinges! The door then leans right off its hinges! Everyone stares at the door in shock and disbelief, including Teresa! One male black employee named Morris, who is around his late 30's shouts, "DAMN, SHE ALMOST TOOK THE FREAKEN DOOR OFF!"
"YEAH," Hector, a male Hispanic around his late 30's shouts! "AND SHE CAUSED THE FREAKEN WALLS TO SHATTER TOO!"
Everyone stares towards the door in amazement. They all walk towards the door and look up at the broken door hinges. They all just stand there shock and stunned, not knowing what to do, what to say or what to think. They continue to stand there for several minutes, looking at the broken door as it leans. Morris then says to everyone, "You know guys, I think we all better leave that woman alone, before WE become her next victims! Listen, I don't know about the rest of you guys, but I'M GONNA STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THAT ANGRY CHICK!"
Everyone else starts to agree! They continue to look at the bro­ken door hinges!
After everybody finishes looking at the broken door and the bro­ken hinges, they start to talk to and question Teresa! They start to ask her about Dana. They ask, "How does Dana feel about herself killing a person Teresa?"
Teresa becomes frustrated and tells everyone, "Listen every­body, I do not KNOW how Dana feels about herself killing some­body! I do not KNOW! Dana does not talk about it! She will not talk about it! I doubt she even thinks about it! I don't dare bring up the subject to her!"
They all then ask Teresa, "How do you feel hanging around Dana? Driving back to work with her today? Aren't you afraid of being around somebody like Dana? Knowing that she killed a per­son? Especially with her bare hands! Damn we all would be!"
Teresa stands there not knowing what to say. Then they all start to look at the broken door hinges again.
A tall dark-haired white woman named Mary soon approaches Teresa. She says, "Teresa I don't know how in the world you get along with a person like Dana! A person like Dana scares me!"
"Oh yeah? Well, me and Dana had a few arguments and dis­agreements before in the past!"
"Really? Well it must have not been a real bad argument or else you probably wouldn't be standing here right now!"
Teresa shockingly looks at Mary and becomes speechless. She doesn't know what to say. Mary then apologizes to Teresa and says, "Look, I'm sorry Teresa. I'm sorry for what I just said. I didn't mean to offend you. I mean if you and Dana get along okay, and if you have no problems with her, then more power to you. Don't let any of us discourage you from being friends with her."
Teresa stares at Mary. Mary then walks away and looks up at the broken door hinges. Soon, everyone walks back into the stockroom still stunned.
During the meantime, Dana is inside the junior boss' office. The junior boss Stanley, a heavy set black male around his mid 40's with a receded hairline who is dressed in a three piece suit, has Dana sit­ting in a chair in front of his desk. He tells Dana, "Listen Dana, you've been gone for over two years now. You cannot get into any ­more trouble with the law or else you won't be able to have your job back again.  If it was up to Wallace, he would not have you come back."
Dana's mouth goes towards the side of her face as she gives Stanley a cold stare. Stanley quickly and nervously responds, "But Wallace says that as long as you stick with your probation and show me or him your papers, you can stay. Okay?"
"Okay. I'll try my best not to get into any more trouble."
"Now that sounds good to hear! Okay Dana, you can return back to the stockroom."
"Okay," Dana says. She gets up from the chair and heads for the door. Stanley stares behind at Dana as she walks out the door.
Dana soon enters back into the stockroom where Teresa and the other employees are still talking about her. Everyone sees Dana entering the room. They all become nervous and quickly stop talk­ing! Dana approaches Teresa and ignores everyone else in the stock­room. She tells Teresa, "Listen, I'm gonna go to the store to get a soda. I'll be right back." Dana turns back around to leave the stock­room.
Teresa says, "I'll go with you Dana." She then follows right behind Dana as they both leave the stockroom. Dana seems to ignore the broken door hinges that she caused as she and Teresa go right pass it, into the hallway. All the co-workers just stare at Dana in amazement as she and Teresa leave for the store.
It is late afternoon now. Everyone in the stockroom is about to leave and go home. As they are all about to walk pass the broken door, they see three maintenance men at the stockroom door, fixing the broken door and the hinges. They see two men trying to hold the heavy door up as the third man stands on a ladder, trying to fix the broken top hinges. Everyone in the stockroom go pass and stare at the broken door and the broken hinges as the three men try to fix them.
Soon, everyone walks out the stockroom and go into the hall­way. They all go out the backdoor to the parking lot where their cars are. As they all go to their cars, they see Dana getting into her vehi­cle with Teresa. They all stare at Dana. As they stare at Dana, Morris says, "She doesn't seem to have a care in the world about the bro­ken door hinges that she caused! She just gets right into her car with Teresa, like nothing even happened!"
Everyone continues to stare at Dana as she starts up her vehicle and takes off in it with Teresa. They then see Dana's vehicle disap­pear into the street.
Victor, a tall male Hispanic with short dark wavy hair, says to the others, "You know it's so unbelievable! It took one woman to break that damn door, yet it takes three men to fix it!"
Everyone just stares at each other in amazement, not knowing what to say or what to think. They all then get in their cars and start to head for home.
Another month passes by. Dana still works at the stockroom with Teresa. They continue to drive back and forth to work together every day. Dana also still works at the Community Center on the weekends! Her family and friends come by the Community Center on the weekends to visit her and check up on her.
Missy still works at the school and so does Raymond. Kathy continues to see Raymond, but she does not meet up with him around or at the school anymore, since she heard that Dana has been released from prison. She just waits for Raymond to arrive at his home.







































Chapter 10

The Dark Blue Car


A week later, it is around 3:00 PM on a Monday afternoon. The school day is now over. Missy, who is now 30 years old, leaves the school building with a few of her co-workers. They all start to walk towards the bus stop. As they are walking towards the bus stop, a dark blue car sits parked way in the distance. Missy nor the other employees notice the dark blue car. The dark blue car continues to park way in the distance as Missy and the other employees continue to walk towards the bus stop.
After a few minutes, Raymond leaves the school building with a few other co-workers. As he and his fellow co-workers walk towards the bus stop, the engine of the dark blue car starts up. The dark blue car starts to pull off. It starts to drive slow, secretly following Raymond. Raymond and the other employees do not notice the dark blue car as they walk towards the bus stop.
Raymond and his co-workers soon reach the bus stop. A bus then pulls up. Raymond and the other employees get on to the bus. The dark blue car secretly starts to follow the bus. It follows the bus halfway across Queens.
After a while, the bus makes a certain stop. Raymond and anoth­er co-worker get off the bus. They start to walk a couple of blocks to another bus stop. Raymond and the other co-worker wait at that bus stop for a while. They still do not notice the dark blue car.
A bus soon arrives. Raymond and the other co-worker hop on to that bus.  The dark blue car then pulls off and secretly starts to fol­low that bus.
After a while, Raymond finally gets off that bus. He starts to walk towards his apartment building. The dark blue car secretly con­tinues to follow him. Raymond then goes into his apartment build­ing. After he goes inside his building, the dark blue car sits at a dis­tant curb and waits there for a while. It then drives off and leaves the area.
A couple of days later on a Wednesday evening, Kathy is inside Raymond's apartment. She and Raymond are both inside the apart­ment, talking and watching television. After a while, they get ready to leave the apartment. They leave the apartment and go out into the hallway. Once they reach downstairs, they leave the building and start to head for the bus stop.
As Kathy and Raymond are walking to the bus stop, the dark blue car is parked way in the distance, waiting again. It appears to be watching Kathy and Raymond. Kathy and Raymond soon reach the bus stop. A bus is about to approach. As the bus approaches the bus stop, the engine of the dark blue car starts up. Kathy then hops onto the bus, leaving Raymond behind. Raymond waves goodbye to Kathy. The bus then pulls off. The dark blue car then pulls off. The wheels of the dark blue car are moving slowly. The wheels are secretly following the bus. Raymond then walks back towards his building, unaware that a dark blue car was around the area, watch­ing him and Kathy.
After a while, Kathy gets off the bus at one of the stops. She starts to walk away from the bus stop. As she is walking, the dark blue car speeds quickly around a corner! It then parks in an isolated area.
Kathy continues to walk. She then hears heavy traffic noise from behind her. She turns her head around to look. When she turns her head around, she sees someone dressed in a long black jacket, a black hat and a pair of black gloves quickly jump into the bushes far behind her! She starts to gasp! She thought it kind of looked like Dana! It happened so fast that Kathy isn't sure! She isn't sure because Dana does not live anywhere near her! Kathy knows that Dana doesn't live in her area! She knows that Dana doesn't know where she lives! Kathy becomes frightened! She fears that Dana might be following her! She fears Dana might be stalking her! She fears that Dana might be after her and that she would wind up dead like her friend Rose, who had died from Dana's choking!  Kathy quickly starts to run! She runs a couple of blocks towards an apart­ment building! She hurries inside the apartment building screaming in fear! She goes into the stairwell and hurries up three flights of stairs!
Kathy hurries to an apartment door! She unlocks the door and hurries inside the apartment! She sees her mother Julie and runs hys­terically to her! She Mghteningly holds on to her mother! Julie ner­vously asks, "Kathy what's wrong? You seem scared of something! What is it?"
Kathy nervously and shakily asks, "Ma, you remember Dana, don't you? Missy's sister? The one who beat me and my Mends with a baseball bat? The one who choked Rose to death and almost choked me to death? The one we had to go to court with and then she was sent to prison?"
"Yeah of course I remember Dana! How can I forget her? What about her?"
"Well, I think she's following me!"
"WHAT? FOLLOWING YOU?" Julie shouts as she hysterical­ly grabs Kathy! "WHAT DO YOU MEAN SHE'S FOLLOWING YOU?"
"Yeah Ma! I think I just saw her! I was walking down the street coming home here when I heard heavy traffic noise behind me! I didn't think much of it, but I happened to turn my head around to look! And when I turned my head around, I saw someone dressed in a long black jacket, a black hat and a pair of black gloves quickly jump into the bushes far behind me! It was like they were trying to hide from me so that I wouldn't see them, but I caught a glimpse of them! It kind of looked like Dana Ma, but I'm not sure! It was kind of dark outside and it happened so fast!"
"Oh really?"
"Yeah!"
"Oh Kathy it can't be Dana! Dana doesn't even know where you live! She lives way on the other side of town, around several miles away! Why would she be in this area anyway?"
"I don't know Ma!"
"Come on! Let's go look out the window and see if we see any­thing!"
Kathy and Julie rush to the window! They peak outside of it! They do not see any suspicious persons out there! They then leave the window!
Julie then asks, "Well Kathy if that was Dana that you saw, was she with anyone or was she alone?"
"I didn't see anyone with her Ma! I think she might have been alone! Oh Ma, I'm scared! I'm afraid that if Dana catches up with me, she might try to choke me to death again, just like she did Rose!"
"Oh Kathy are you sure it was Dana that you saw?"
"I'm not sure Ma, but I think we better call the police!"
Julie grabs Kathy and asks, "Now Kathy are you sure you saw someone?"
"Yeah I saw someone Ma! I have no reason to make this up or behave like this! I really am frightened!"
"Go ahead then! Call the police!"
Kathy goes to the phone and dials the police department. As she waits for the police to respond, she nervously turns to her mother and cries, "You know Ma, I regret the day I ever bothered Missy! I should have listened when both Missy and Raymond told me that there was nothing going on between them! I should have listened to them both, because now I think her sister Dana might be stalking me!" Kathy frighteningly stares at her mother and says, "I think her sister Dana might want to finish me off!"
Julie frighteningly stares at Kathy! Kathy then starts to speak on the phone with the police! Julie looks on nervously! Then she ner­vously looks towards the window.
A half-hour later, two policemen arrive at Kathy and Julie's apartment door. Julie lets them inside the apartment. The police start to question Kathy and her mother about the incident, asking them what the problem is. Kathy tells the police, "I think someone is fol­lowing me! I think someone is trying to harm or kill me! I'm so afraid I don't know what to do!"
"What happened?" the police ask Kathy.
Kathy nervously and shakily tells the police, "I had just gotten off the bus! I started walking a couple of blocks home here! As I was walking, I happened to heard some heavy traffic noise behind me! I didn't think much of it, but I decided to turn my head around to look anyway! When I turned my head around, I saw someone dressed in a long black jacket, a black hat and a pair of black gloves quickly jump into the bushes far behind me! I'm not sure who it was, but I think I know who this person might be!"
"Well who was it? And who would want to follow you?"
"Well, by this person's silhouette and action, I think it was this woman named Dana that I had a problem with before!"
"A woman named Dana?"
"Yeah."
"Why would this Dana person want to follow you?"
"Well, I had kind of a problem with a family member of hers over a couple of years ago, and I think that Dana might still be after me for it!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah."
"Well what family member of hers did you had a problem with? And what kind of problem did you had with her family member?"
"Well Dana's sister Missy and I had a problem a couple of years ago. I accused Missy of seeing my boyfriend Raymond. Missy and my boyfriend Raymond work at the same job at an elementary school. I confronted Missy a few times. Then I had a fight with her! Me and three friends of mine beat up and ganged up on her. We all jumped on her! We beat her up pretty bad! Then her sister Dana came after us! Her sister Dana came after all of us and beat three of us with a baseball bat and wound up choking and killing my friend Rose! When Dana went to court, she was sentenced to two years in prison! And she just came out of prison not too long ago!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah!"
"Well, did you get a description of the person that you saw out­side here?"
"No. I didn't get a description of the person, but I think it still might have been Dana!"
"Miss, you have to be sure that it's the person that you think it is! We can't make a mistake and wind up taking the wrong person in! Now did you actually see this person's face?"
"No! I didn't really see the person's face because the person was far away and it was kind of dark outside!"
"Well, was this person alone or were they with anybody?"
"I didn't see anyone with them. I think they were alone."
"Okay Miss, we'll keep an eye out for your place for a while."
"Thank you officer." Kathy and her mother Julie are happy with that.
The police then turn around and leave the apartment.
A half-hour later, Kathy calls up Raymond. She tells him what happened. Raymond becomes shocked and stunned by the news. He frighteningly shouts, "OH MY GOD KATHY! ARE YOU ALRIGHT?"
Kathy nervously and shakily says, "Yeah, I'm alright Raymond! I'm just shaken up right now! I mean it's not every day you're walk­ing home and you happen to turn your head around and see someone quickly jump into the bushes far behind you!"
"Well did you call the police?"
"Yeah, I called the police already and they had come by!  They said that they will keep an eye out for my place!"
"Oh that's good!"
"Raymond could you do me a favor?"
"Well sure Kathy, what is it?"
"Notify Missy of what happened! Notify Missy of what hap­pened when you see her at work tomorrow! Ask Missy to try and find out if her sister Dana had been following me?"
"Ask Missy to try and find out if her sister Dana had been fol­lowing you?"
"Yeah!"
"Now how do you suppose Missy is going to do that, Kathy?"
"Tell Missy to tell Dana that I spotted her following me! Tell Missy to question Dana to see if Dana will admit to following me!"
"Oh I don't know Kathy! I don't know if Missy will do that or be able to do that! But I'll give it a try! I'll speak to Missy when I see her at work tomorrow morning, alright?"
"Alright then."
"Now you be careful Kathy, okay? I'll see you tomorrow."
"Okay Raymond. Bye."
"Bye." Raymond hangs up the telephone. He looks up and stares in the air stunned.
It is around 8:30 PM. Tony, who is now 33-years old, is alone insiders apartment, cooking in the kitchen. He has the stereo play­ing, listening to Classic Soul music, like the Stylistics and Jerry Butler. He is constantly looking at the clock. After a while, he hears the front door unlocking. He stops what he's doing and goes to look at the front door. As the door opens, Dana walks inside the apart­ment, dressed in light blue. She looks and sees Tony standing there looking at her. She gives him a sinister stare. Tony says, "Hi. Where've you been?"
"Oh I was at the hospital emergency. I didn't feel so well."
"You were at the hospital?"
"Yeah."
"Well why didn't you call me and let me know that you were at the hospital Dana? I would have come up there to meet you! Why didn't you call me?"
"I didn't want to worry you about it Tony," Dana says as she walks away to the coat closet.
Tony follows Dana to the coat closet and says, "Well you still should have called me and let me know where you were! You know it worries me more when I don't know where you are Dana! I called up your family and asked them if you were there! Your family said that you weren't there and they haven't seen you yet!"
Dana goes away from the coat closet and says, "I'm alright Tony! You shouldn't worry so much."  She then goes into the bath­room.
Tony follows Dana to the bathroom doorway and says, "Yeah, but I do! I also called up Diane and Teresa! They said you weren't with them either!"
Dana annoyingly rolls her eyes as she washes her hands at the sink, saying, "I'm sorry Tony, but I had got sick! I went to the hos­pital emergency!"
"Yeah, but you still should have called me and let me know that you were sick and was at the hospital!"
Dana stops washing her hands. Frustrated, she turns around to Tony and says, "I'm sorry Tony! I didn't mean to worry you! Next time I'll call you, alright?"
"Good! That's all you have to do is just pick up the telephone and call! I had fixed dinner and everything, waiting around for you to come home!"
Dana annoyingly rolls her eyes again as she starts to dry her hands on the hand towel. Tony then asks, "Now are you hungry? Because I have your food waiting for you." Dana barely finishes drying her hands as Tony grabs her hands and pulls them off the towel, saying, "Come on Dana, let's go eat." Tony pulls Dana's hands and takes her out of the bathroom. He leads Dana through the hallway towards the kitchen. Dana looks back towards the bathroom as Tony pulls her and leads her towards the kitchen.
The next Thursday morning, Raymond is at work. He is wearing a long blue smock and is walking through the school hallway. He sees Missy walking with another female co-worker. He goes to Missy and stops her. He pulls Missy to the side and says, "Missy, I have something to tell you. Kathy had said that she thought some­one was following her home after she had left my apartment yester­day evening. She said she thought that the person kind of looked like your sister Dana, but she wasn't sure because it was kind of dark outside and the person was far away."
Missy becomes shocked and stunned as she shouts, "WHAT!"
"Yeah. Being that it was dark outside, Kathy did not actually see the person's face. Missy, have you ever told your sister Dana where Kathy lives?"
"Have I ever told Dana where Kathy lives? No! Raymond how can I tell Dana where Kathy lives when I don't even know where Kathy lives? You never told me where Kathy lives! I mean you had told me some area on the other side of Queens, but you never told me the direct address or anything like that! Even though you told me the area before, I never ever told Dana!"
"No?"
"No!"
"Well another thing Missy, Kathy said that the person she thought was following her was wearing a long black jacket, a black hat and a pair of black gloves. Does Dana own or ever worn a long black jacket, a black hat or a pair of black gloves?"
"No! Dana doesn't have any long black jacket, a black hat or a pair of black gloves! She's never worn any of those things before! I mean if she did, I've never seen her in it!"
"No?"
"No!"
"Well Missy, could you do me a favor? Could you find out from your sister Dana and ask her if she's been following Kathy or not?"
"Wait a minute Raymond! Ask Dana if she's been following Kathy or not?"
"Yeah."
"Now Raymond, what makes you think that Dana's gonna come out and tell me that she was following Kathy? Even if she did fol­low Kathy, what makes you think that she's gonna come out and admit it to me?"
"I don't know Missy! But could you at least give it a try for me? Please? Kathy told me to ask you to find out for her!"
"Oh Kathy told you to ask me? She wants me to find out for her?"
"Yeah."
"Oh I don't know Raymond."
"Please Missy! Kathy and I have to know! We have to know whether the person that Kathy had spotted outside her building last night was your sister Dana or not!"
Missy hesitates. She then sighs and says, "Okay Raymond. I'll give it a try. I'll mention it to Dana tonight and ask her about it. If she doesn't stop by my grandparents' place tonight, I'll call her up on the phone."
"Oh thanks a lot Missy! I really appreciate this!"
"That's okay Raymond."
"Well listen Missy, I have to get ready to go now. You take care alright? And I'll see you later, okay?"
"Okay Raymond. Bye."
"By Missy." Raymond walks away. Missy then walks away puz­zled.
The next Friday morning, Raymond sees Missy as he walks inside the school. He approaches Missy and says 'hello' to her. He pulls her to the side and asks, "Well Missy did you speak to your sis­ter Dana about what I said happened to Kathy the other evening?"
"Yeah, I mentioned it to Dana last night."
"Yeah? Well, what did she say?"
"You know she had gotten VERY offended when I told her about Kathy's situation, and that you and Kathy wanted to know if it was HER. Dana said it wasn't her. She says that she doesn't have any time to be thinking about Kathy or have any time to be following her. She says that she has better things to do and better things to think about."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah."
"Well I'm sorry for putting you through this situation Missy, but Kathy and I just had to know! You understand don't you?"
"Yeah I understand."
"Good. Well, thanks anyway Missy."
"It's okay."
"I'll talk to you later, okay? Take care."
"Alright."
Raymond then walks away and leaves.
Another month passes by. Missy and Raymond are still working in the school together. Kathy still refuses to come around the school because she's afraid that she might run into Dana.
Dana is still working at the Community Center on the weekends. Her family and friends still come by to see her as she works at the Community Center.
Dana, Tony and their friends still triple date a lot whenever they get the chance because Dana doesn't really have the chance to go out much anymore. She has been working 7 days a week! She works 5 days at her regular job with Teresa and both the weekend days at the Community Center. She really hasn't had a day off in a long time! It's starting to build up a lot of frustration inside of her. She's been working 7 days straight, which is making her more tired than usual. After work, all she wants to do is go home and rest almost every evening.
One day, Kathy is inside her apartment with Sandra and another friend named Judy, a black woman around her mid thirties. Judy and Sandra have been at Kathy's apartment all day.
It is getting late in the afternoon. All three women leave Kathy's apartment and go outside the building. They all walk to the bus stop. As they walk to the bus stop, a dark blue car sits way in the distance. It appears to be watching the three women. Kathy, Sandra and Judy all wait at the bus stop. The bus soon approaches. The engine of the dark blue car starts up. The three women get on to the bus. The bus then pulls off. The dark blue car pulls off and secretly follows the bus.
After a while, the three women get off the bus and walk to anoth­er bus stop. As they wait at the other bus stop, the dark blue car sits and waits in a far distance. A bus soon approaches at the bus stop. The three women get on the bus. The bus then pulls off. The dark blue car then pulls off slowly after the bus.
After a while, the three women finally get off the bus. They walk a few blocks and go into a department store. Three hours later, they come out of the department store and go to the bus stop. The dark blue car is still waiting at a far distance, appearing to still be watch­ing the three women. The bus soon arrives and the three women get on the bus. The engine of the dark blue car starts up. The bus pulls off. The dark blue car starts to pull off, secretly following the bus.
When the bus comes to another stop, Judy gets off the bus. She gets off with a few other passengers, but Kathy and Sandra remain on the bus.  Judy walks away from the bus and waves goodbye to Kathy and Sandra at the bus window. The bus then pulls off. The dark blue car pulls off, continuing to secretly follow the bus.
When the bus comes to one of the stops, Sandra gets off with a couple of passengers, but Kathy remains on the bus. Sandra walks away from the bus and waves goodbye to Kathy at the bus window. The bus then pulls off as Sandra walks to another bus stop and waits there. The dark blue car does not pull off after the bus this time. It waits in the far distance.
As Sandra waits at the bus stop, a bus soon approaches. Sandra gets on to the bus. The bus pulls off. The dark blue car pulls off. It secretly starts to follow that bus.
After a while, the bus comes to a stop again. Sandra finally gets off the bus. She starts to walk away from the bus stop. As she is walking, the dark blue car speeds quickly around a corner! It then parks in an isolated area.
Sandra continues to walk. She walks towards an apartment building. She soon reaches the apartment building and goes inside of it. She goes to the elevator and rides up to the 5th floor. She then comes out of the elevator and goes to her apartment door. She reach­es her apartment door and unlocks it. She opens up her apartment door and makes it inside her apartment, unaware that she was being followed.
One morning, Dana and Teresa arrive to work at the stockroom. They go through the back door where Kenneth still sits at the desk. Kenneth then gets up from the desk and locks the back door as Dana and Teresa head towards the stockroom. Anne is at the stockroom doorway talking with Victor. As Dana heads into the stockroom, she rudely walks right pass Anne and Victor without speaking or saying hello to either one of them. Anne and Victor stare at Dana as she goes by. Teresa stops by Anne and Victor and says 'hello' to them. Anne and Victor look at Teresa and say 'hello'. Victor then says, "Boy Teresa, I don't know how you do it. I don't know HOW you deal with a person like HER," as he points his thumb towards Dana.
"Well, I just try not to get Dana upset that's all."
Victor looks at Teresa and says, "Teresa, if you hang around somebody long enough, you two are gonna bound to have some kind of disagreement at some point in your lives! You two are gonna bound to get upset at each other sooner or later, whether you two can help it or not!  No two individuals are alike!  There are going to be some disagreements between two individuals that they cannot help and one will be upset at the other! It's just natural! So you cannot say that you just try not to get a certain individual upset because sooner or later, you will!"
"Yeah I know that Victor! Dana has gotten upset with me a few times before in the past, but she didn't stay mad at me! We became alright again later on!"
"Really?" Anne asks.
"Yeah," Teresa says.
"Wow that's hard to believe," Victor says.
Victor, Anne and Teresa see their boss Wallace Smith coming. Victor then says, "Come on you two, let's go inside." They all then enter the stockroom.
Several days later, everything is going as normal. Then one late night, Sandra is coming home. She approaches her building and goes inside towards the elevator. She goes inside the elevator and rides up. The elevator stops on the 5th floor, opens up and Sandra walks out the elevator towards her apartment door. As she is going towards her apartment door, all of a sudden, she is bashed right on the side of her head with a very hard object! Blood splatters everywhere as Sandra screams and holds her head! She is then bashed again, right on top of the head! More blood splatters as Sandra falls to the floor! Then the sound of a staircase door slams! Sandra's body is shaken violently as she lies on the floor! She then passes out! She dies! She is slain! Her body lays on the floor outside her apartment door!
The next morning, Sandra's body is found! Her body is found with her head in a heavy pool of blood outside her apartment door! Blood is everywhere, on the body, on the walls and on the floor! Cops are everywhere! There is a large crowd of people! A couple of ambulances are outside the building! The police are going around door to door asking neighbors questions about did they see or hear anything! No one seems to have seen or heard anything! There are no witnesses!
Sandra's body continues to lay outside her apartment door for a few hours! Her body is covered with a very bloodied sheet! Her fam­ily is soon notified! They arrive to the scene! They are all hysterical and upset! They are all shouting and screaming! The police say it appears that Sandra might have been followed by someone, or some­one might had been hiding around waiting for her to come home, then they ambushed her with a very hard heavy object from behind as she was going to her apartment.  The police say that Sandra was struck in the head by a couple of hard blows! They claim that Sandra had died from a couple of hard blows to the head! They also say that Sandra's skull appears to be fractured! They wonder who would want to hurt her!
That same morning, Kathy and her mother Julie soon get the news of Sandra's death from Sandra's family! They are both horri­fied! Kathy starts to scream! She is very scared! She's so shaken and scared that she is about to pass out! Her mother Julie starts to hold her up! Julie then calls up Raymond! She notifies him of Sandra's death! Raymond is shocked and stunned by the horrible news! He also becomes scared. Kathy then gets on the telephone. She tells Raymond that Sandra's family says that the police do not have any suspects, motive or any witnesses! Kathy and Raymond both start to wonder if it was Dana! Raymond tells Kathy, "Now Kathy, we both cannot jump into any conclusions right now! I don't think that Dana knew where Sandra lived!"
"YEAH, RIGHT RAYMOND! JUST LIKE I DIDN'T THINK THAT DANA KNEW WHERE I LIVED, BUT YET I SAW SOME­BODY THAT KIND OF RESEMBLED HER JUMP INTO THE BUSHES RIGHT OUTSIDE MY BUILDING! NOW IF THAT WASN'T DANA THAT I SAW OUTSIDE MY BUILDING, THEN WHY THE HELL DID THAT PERSON JUMP INTO THE BUSHES TO KEEP ME FROM SEEING THEM RAYMOND? WHY?"
"I don't know Kathy! I really don't know! Kathy, when you and Sandra kept in contact, did Sandra ever mention anything to you about being followed or feeling followed or anything like that? Did she ever thought that someone might have been following her or anything?"
"Oh no! Sandra never mentioned a word to me about being followed, feeling followed or anything like that!"
"No?"
"No!"
"Well it's obvious that someone might have been following Sandra, but she just wasn't aware of it! I mean whoever this perpe­trator is, probably could have been following Sandra all along! She must have not known about it!"
Kathy becomes more frightened as she cries and screams, "OH MY GOD RAYMOND! FIRST ROSE IS DEAD, AND NOW SANDRA IS DEAD! I FEEL THAT I MAY BE NEXT! OH RAYMOND, I FEEL THAT IT'S ALL MY FAULT THAT MY FRIENDS ARE GONE!  I FEEL IT'S ALL MY FAULT FOR GETTING MY FRIENDS INVOLVED IN THE FIGHT I HAD WITH MISSY! OH RAYMOND, I'M SCARED! I'M AFRAID TO LEAVE THE HOUSE!"
Raymond starts to weep and say, "I know Kathy! You know this whole thing is scaring me too! You just gonna have to be careful Kathy until we can figure something out okay?"
"Okay Raymond."
"Listen Kathy, I gotta get ready for work! I'm gonna notify Missy of the news when I see her, alright? Now I love you and I'll see you later, okay? Try to hang in there Kathy!"
"Alright Raymond. See you later."
"Okay Kathy. Bye now." Raymond hangs up the telephone and stares frighteningly into space.
Back in Sandra's building, a heavy crowd is still gathered around the murder scene. The police and the ambulance are still there. Sandra's body is placed in a body bag. Her body is then put on to a stretcher. Heavy blood still remains on the walls and on the floors outside her apartment door. The paramedics carry Sandra's body outside the building. They then place it inside the ambulance. The ambulance then takes off with the body!
Raymond goes to the school that same morning. He sees Missy in the hallway and notifies her of what happened to Sandra. Missy becomes shocked! She is shocked and stunned of what happened to Sandra! She gets very scared and hysterical! Raymond tells Missy, "The police do not have any suspects nor any motive yet Missy! The police claim that Sandra had died from a couple of hard blows to the head and that her skull was fractured!"
"OH MY GOD!" Missy frighteningly shouts.
"The police say it appears that Sandra might have been followed by someone, or someone might have been hiding around waiting for her to come home, then they bashed her right on the head with a hard heavy object as she was walking towards her apartment door!"
Missy is very scared and nervous! She doesn't know what to do! She tearfully asks, "Well who do you think could have done it? Who do you think could have done this to Sandra and why?"
Raymond stares at Missy. He then says, "I don't know Missy! I really don't! Like I said before, the police do not have any suspects or any motives so far! Kathy is a nervous wreck Missy! Both of her girlfriends are dead now!  She feels that she might be next! She's afraid to leave her apartment! She's afraid to walk out of her build­ing!" Raymond and Missy stare at one another. They do not know what to think. Raymond then says, "Look Missy I have to head to the office. I'll talk to you later."
"Alright Raymond."
Raymond then turns around and hurries away!
Missy arrives home that afternoon. She notifies her grandparents and the rest of her family about what happened to Sandra. They all become shocked and stunned by the news! They all know that Sandra was one of the people who ganged up on Missy over two years ago! Even though Missy's family had a problem with Kathy's and Rose's families through the courts, and Kathy, Rose and Sandra were the ones who ganged up on Missy and beat on her, they still would not want anything horrible like that to happen to either one of them!
That same evening, Gracy calls up Dana and Tony's number. Tony picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Oh hi Tony! This is Gracy! I just want to speak to Dana real quick! Is she there?"
"Oh Dana is in the shower right now Grandma."
"She is?"
"Yeah. Is something wrong Grandma?"
"Well we all just wanted to tell Dana the horrible news of what happened to Sandra!"
"The horrible news of what happened to Sandra? What are you talking about Grandma? Who's Sandra? What horrible news?"
"You heard of Sandra Tony! One of Kathy's friends who had attacked and ganged up on Missy two years ago? The one that Missy said had gotten away from Dana which Dana wasn't able to find and beat with the baseball bat?"
"Yeah, I've heard of her! Why what happened to her?"
"Well we all just found out that she was murdered!"
"WHAT! MURDERED?"
"Yeah! She was found dead outside her apartment door last night Tony! We heard she had died from a couple of hard blows to the head! We heard her skull was fractured!"
"OH MY GOD!"
"Yeah! I'm very sorry I had to break this horrible news to you Tony!"
"I'M SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT THIS HORRIBLE NEWS GRANDMA! HOW IS MISSY TAKING THIS?"
"Oh Missy is very shaken up by it!"
"I BET SHE IS!"
"Yeah! She found out the horrible news from Raymond at the school today!
"OH MY GOD! LOOK GRANDMA, I'M GONNA STOP BY THERE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE ALRIGHT?"
"Alright Tony! We'll all be here!"
"Okay! I'll tell Dana the bad news of what happened to Sandra when she comes out the shower!"
"Okay Tony! See you later!"
"Alright Grandma! By!" Tony hangs up the telephone and stares into space. He is in a state of shock.
The next morning, Missy and her family see a small article in the paper about a woman being found murdered outside her apartment door in Queens. Soon everyone in town hears about Sandra's death. Everybody knows that Sandra was one of the four people who had beat up and ganged up on Missy. Everyone knows that Sandra was with the three people that Dana had beaten up with a baseball bat!
Missy goes to the school that same morning. Raymond approaches her in the school hallway and hysterically asks, "Missy did you see the morning's paper?"
"Yeah! My family and I had seen the paper this morning and read the article about Sandra's death! You know Raymond, my whole family is very shocked and sickened by the news of what hap­pened to Sandra!"
"They are?"
"Of course they are!"
"Well have your sister Dana heard the news of what happened to Sandra?"
"Yeah, Dana heard the news about Sandra! My grandmother had spoken to her boyfriend Tony about it on the phone last night while Dana was in the shower! Tony told my grandmother that he was going to tell Dana about Sandra's death when she comes out the shower!"
"Oh yeah? Well, do you know how she took it?"
"Well when Tony came by my family's house alone last night, he told my family that it didn't really seem to phase Dana much when he had told her about the bad news of what happened to Sandra."
"What! You mean she acted like she didn't care?"
"Yeah, according to Tony! Tony said that Dana didn't seem to care at all! He said that Dana just went on about her business like if nothing happened!"
Raymond becomes stunned. He doesn't know what to really think.
So far, the police still do not have any suspects, no motive, nor any witnesses.
The next morning, Sandra has a funeral. Her family is all crying and grieving as they stand beside her casket.







































Chapter 11

The Newspaper Article


The following morning, Dana and Teresa are driving to work, towards Long Island City, Queens. Dana is wearing her dark brown leather jacket and a pair of black pants. Teresa is dressed in a short medium blue jacket and blue pants. As they are driving, Dana decides to pull up to a pay phone at a curb. She leaves Teresa wait­ing in her car, while she goes to the pay phone. Dana calls up her grandmother Gracy. She calls up her grandmother to make sure that all of her sisters are there in the house with their grandmother and their grandfather. Dana does not want her grandparents Gracy and Mike to be left alone inside the house by themselves, because they both have been feeling very ill and weak with the flu. Dana wants Missy and the triplets to be home with their grandparents while she is away at work. Dana knows that Missy and the triplets had wanted to go to a function that their Uncle Kevin is supposed to give this morning. Dana had told Missy and the triplets the night before not to go ANYWHERE the next day, and not to leave their grandparents home alone. Dana had told all four of her sisters to stay home and take care of their grandparents until she gets off work, but Missy and the triplets had all decided to sneak out and go to the function any­way! They are not home! They had all snuck out and went to the function, hoping that Dana will never find out that they had left the house! They all plan to be back home by the time Dana gets off from work.
While Dana is speaking on the pay phone, she tells her grand­mother to put Missy and the triplets on the telephone. Gracy does not want Dana to know that Missy and the triplets had snuck out of the house. She knows Dana's violent temper. She knows that Dana will get very angry and very upset, so she makes up a false excuse to Dana as to why Missy and the triplets aren't able to come to the tele­phone. Gracy nervously tells Dana, "Missy and the triplets are down in the basement at the moment Dana. They cannot come to the tele­phone. They're cleaning up a heavy flood that's in the basement."
"A heavy flood? What heavy flood Grandma? What happened?"
"Well the washing machine had a bad leak. Missy and the triplets are down in the basement trying to clean up all the water."
"Yeah? Is it a lot of water down there?"
"Yeah, it's a whole lot of water down the basement Dana. It's just too impossible for Missy and the triplets to come upstairs to the phone right now. Hopefully they'll all be finish soon."
"Yeah? Okay Grandma. I'll call back in a little while. And when I call back, I want to speak to Missy and the triplets. I want to make sure they're all in the house with you and Grandpa."
"They're all here Dana. Don't worry. They're all here."
"Okay Grandma. Talk to you later."
"Okay Dana. I'll be here. By now."
"By Grandma." Dana hangs up the telephone. She walks back to her car where Teresa is waiting. She gets inside her vehicle and pulls off.
Thirty minutes later, Dana drives into the parking lot of the stockroom building and parks her car. She and Teresa get out of the car and go through the back door where Kenneth is still sitting at the desk, listening to The Oldies music on his radio. Dana goes through the hallway and goes around a corner of another hallway as Teresa heads straight towards the stockroom. Dana makes a stop at a pay phone, not far from Kenneth. Teresa enters the stockroom and sees that the stockroom is barely full of the other employees. She sees only two employees in the stockroom when she usually sees more than 19 or 20! One of the two employees that are in the stockroom is Victor and the other employee is an Indian fellow named Ramesh. Teresa goes to Victor. Puzzled, she smiles to him and asks, "Hey Victor! What's going on around here? This room is sort of empty this morning! Where is everybody?"
"Oh, everybody else had went to work in another department for today."
"Everybody else had went to work in another department?"
"That's right."
"Why?"
Victor looks around. He then looks down at Teresa and whispers, “You see Teresa, nobody here wants to work around Dangerous Dana.”
Teresa becomes stunned.
Victor whispers, "Everyone around here kind of feel that Dana is some sort of a threat to everybody! They all feel that if any of them ever get into ANY kind of argument or ANY kind of confrontation with her, she may blow off STEAM! Like she did before! They feel that she may get angry and start to retaliate somehow! So they all chose to work somewhere else for as long as they can, just to keep away from her!"
"Really?"
"Yes! The point I'm trying to make to you Teresa is that every­body around here would rather just stay out of her way!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah!"
"Then why are you and Ramesh still here?"
"Well Teresa SOMEBODY has to be in here! We can't leave this room TOTALLY empty! Believe me Teresa, if I could have the opportunity to work away from Dana myself, I would!"
Puzzled, Teresa looks at Victor.
As Victor and Teresa continue to whisper, all of a sudden they hear shouting coming from out in the hallway! Victor and Teresa hurry towards the doorway to see what is going on and to see what the shouting is all about! They reach the doorway and look out towards the second hallway! As they look out towards the second hallway, they see and hear Dana on the pay phone shouting, "NOW LOOK GRANDMA, THIS IS THE SECOND TIME I CALLED! AND YOU MEAN TO TELL ME THAT YOU STILL CANNOT GET NOT ONE OF THEM ON THE TELEPHONE? NOW WHERE ARE MISSY AND THE TRIPLETS? I TOLD THEM NOT TO LEAVE YOU AND GRANDPA ALOOONE," as she BANGS her fist real hard against the phone booth!
Gracy shouts from the other end of the telephone, "I TOLD YOU BEFORE THAT THEY'RE ALL DOWN IN THE BASEMENT DANA! THEY CANNOT HEAR ME CALLING THEM!"
"WHY ARE ALL FOUR OF THEM STILL DOWN THE BASEMENT GRANDMA? WHAT ARE THEY DOING DOWN THERE?"
"I TOLD YOU SOME HEAVY WATER HAD LEAKED OUT OF THE WASHING MACHINE!  IT’S A FLOOD DOWN THE BASEMENT AND THEY’RE ALL STILL DOWN THERE TRYING TO CLEAN IT UP RIGHT NOW!"
Dana breathes hard in anger. Her teeth start to grind as she angrily says, "Alright then Grandma, I'll call back later. AND WHEN I CALL BACK, I WANT MISSY AND THE TRIPLETS TO BE ON THE PHONE NEXT TIME! I WANT TO HEAR THEIR VOICES, OKAY? SEE YOU LATER!" Dana angrily slams the tele­phone down and walks away! Kenneth watches Dana as she angrily goes pass him! Victor and Teresa back up behind the doorway where Dana can't see them! Dana angrily goes to the third hallway on the other side! Victor and Teresa peak their heads back out into the hall­way to watch Dana! They see Dana angrily bang open a staircase door with her fist, then see her angrily turn and disappear into the staircase! Teresa, Victor and Kenneth stare at each other in amaze­ment! Victor and Teresa look at Kenneth as he shrugs his shoulders at them.
Teresa and Victor go back into the stockroom. They look back towards the doorway in disbelief! Victor then shouts, "MAN WHAT THE HELL IS THAT WOMAN'S PROBLEM TERESA?"
"I don't know Victor! She's awfully angry about something!"
"YEAH? IT SEEMS TO ME THAT WOMAN STAYS ANGRY," Victor shouts as he and Teresa stare back towards the doorway in disbelief! Victor then whispers, "Let me ask you some­thing Teresa." He bends down and takes a newspaper from a pile that is under the table. He then looks towards the doorway. He opens up the newspaper and holds a page up to Teresa. He shows her an arti­cle on the page about Sandra's death! Victor looks down to Teresa and whispers, "Now Teresa, we had all read this article in the paper about a woman being found murdered outside her apartment door in Queens around a few nights ago! Did you see this article yet?"
"Yeah I've seen it! Everyone's seen it!"
"Yeah?" Victor looks around, then looks back at Teresa and whispers, "The police do not have any suspects yet, right?"
"No! They don't!"
"Teresa wasn't this woman one of the people that Dana had beaten up before, with a baseball bat?  And wasn't this woman friends with the other woman that Dana had killed in that fight? The one that she had choked to death, which caused her to go to prison for two years?"
Teresa looks at the paper and says, "Yeah this is the woman. Her name was Sandra."
"Yeah? You know Teresa I was wondering if it was Dana that killed this woman Sandra outside her apartment door!"
"WHAT!"
"Everybody else around here was kind of wondering the same thing, but they all try not to talk about it much! That's why they all did not want to be in here Teresa! They did not want to work around Dana! They all feel that she might have been somewhat responsible for this woman's death!"
"Really? Oh Victor how can that be? Dana didn't even know where this woman lived! Dana couldn't have done this! And I don't think that Dana had beaten this woman with a baseball bat anyway, because everyone said this woman had gotten away! They said that Dana never got a chance to find this woman and beat her with the baseball bat!"
"Really?"
"Yeah!"
"Well Teresa I'm beginning to wonder, if Dana might have final­ly found this woman, and then bashed her over the head and killed her!"
Teresa shockingly looks at Victor again! Victor then continues, "You know Teresa this is the second article I read that someone's head had been bashed in with a hard heavy object and left to die!"
"What do you mean this is the second article? What was the first?"
Victor bends down under the table again. He pulls an old news­paper out of a stack. He opens up the paper and shows Teresa an arti­cle in the paper. He shows her an article about a male Hispanic who had gotten his head bashed in right outside a local store in Queens and was left to die. Teresa sees the article in the paper. She sees a picture of a van. She recognizes the van! It's the 'PLUMBING & HEATING' van! Teresa nearly falls out! She nervously asks Victor, "Well, what happened to this guy?"
"Well it says right here that this man had went inside a store on 101st Ave. When he came out that store, someone had suddenly bashed him right in the head with a hard heavy object!  First they struck him across the back! Then they bashed him right over the head! It says right here that he was bleeding real bad and that blood was everywhere! It says right here that he had died at the hospital a couple of hours later and the police still have not found any suspects in that homicide! They still do not know what the motive of that attack was! That murder case is still unsolved!"
Teresa becomes frightened! She starts to freeze! She stares into space! She starts to have flashbacks in her head! Her mind starts to go back to when she and Dana were driving down the street and that same 'PLUMBING & HEATING' van had crossed right in front of them! She also has flashbacks of when she and Dana pulled around the corner of that very same spot and address that is in the paper and flashbacks of Dana leaving the car and coming back! Victor then snaps Teresa out of her trance! He interrupts her and says, "Hey! What's wrong Teresa? It looks like you've just seen a ghost! What's the matter?"
"Oh nothing Victor," Teresa nervously says. "I just felt a sharp pain in my stomach! But I'm okay!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah! I'm sure!" Teresa nervously continues to hold the news­paper and looks back at the picture with the 'PLUMBING & HEAT­ING' van.
Victor then says, "And it also says right here that a couple of witnesses who had seen the incident said that it was a person dressed in a long black jacket, a black hat and a pair of black gloves who had bashed this fellow right in the head and then ran from the scene!"
Teresa becomes puzzled. She looks at Victor and asks, "A person dressed in a long black jacket, a black hat and a pair of black gloves?"
"Yeah! It says it right here!"
Teresa sees the sentence in the article. She gets relieved. She had feared that the perpetrator might have been Dana, then she is relieved to read that the perpetrator was a person dressed in a long black jacket, a black hat and a pair of black gloves, not Dana. Teresa did not see Dana wearing a long black jacket, a black hat or a pair of black gloves that day. She then asks, "Well does it say whether the perpetrator was a man or woman?"
"No, it doesn't say! But most likely it was probably a man!" Victor looks towards the doorway again. He then looks down at Teresa and firmly whispers, "Now listen Teresa, and listen to me very carefully, alright!  Now whatever you do, DON'T mention a WORD to Dana about what we were just talking about, alright? And DON'T mention a WORD to her about everybody wanting to work somewhere else, just to keep away from her, alright? KEEP every­thing to yourself! You cannot tell Dana everything! It is not safe to tell Dana everything! I mean I know Dana is your friend and all and you both have been friends for years and years, but you know that Dana has a violent temper Teresa! You know that!"
"Yeah I do know that Victor! Her family also knows that! Dana's family had took her to counseling before so that she can be able to control her violent temper!"
"Oh really? Well obviously it didn't work!"
"I think it did work for a while, but it didn't last too long!"
"No? Well how does her boyfriend Tony SURVIVE all these YEARS with a violent tempered person like that? I mean how does he do it?"
"I really don't know Victor! Tony has gone to counseling with Dana several times before! Sometimes he would even drag and pull Dana right out of the bed just to make sure that she gets up and go to counseling!"
"Really?"
"Yeah!"
"I just can't figure out how in the world does he deal with a vio­lent tempered person like that! How long have they both been together anyway?"
"Oh Dana and Tony have been together for around 15 years now! Dana was around 17 when she and Tony started going out together. They've been together ever since."
"Wow! Well how do they get along Teresa?"
"They get along just like any other couple! They have their ups and downs just like everybody else!"
"Yeah? Well I don't know how in the world he deals with her violent temper! You know Dana has had plenty of assault charges against her in the past, right?"
"Right!"
"Now none of us that work here had seen the fight that Dana had when she attacked those three people with a baseball bat, none of us were there, but we sure heard it was bloody! We heard that Dana had all three of those people bleeding real bad and their blood was every­ where!  We heard she putted two of those people in the hospital and killed the other one! We even heard three different guys tried to body slam Dana off those two women Rose and Kathy, then those three guys wound up in the hospital with broken bones! We even heard that one of those guys lost an eye! Teresa, you know that whenever Dana assaults people, she does not stop until she draws blood from that person! She does not stop until she breaks a couple or several of their bones! She probably won't stop until she KILLS that person!"
Teresa shockingly and frighteningly looks at Victor!
Victor continues, "Teresa, how come a couple of times before in the past, whenever Dana had gotten into any kind of fight with a per­son for anything or over anything, especially when it was over any member in her family, that person winds up being found mysteri­ously slain a few or several months later? And no one knows who killed that person! And the police NEVER have any witnesses OR any evidence! And the majority of the time, the killer is never ever caught! And those murder cases seem to always remain unsolved! How come? Listen Teresa, if Dana ever knows or suspects what you and I are thinking about right now or what we are talking about, the next thing you know, is that OUR heads might be bashed in with a very hard object and then WE'LL be left to die! You'll never know! Now Teresa if, or whenever Dana comes in here and asks where is everybody, just tell her that everybody was needed somewhere else, okay? Could you do that?"
"Yeah, I guess so," Teresa frighteningly responds.
"Good! Now remember Teresa, KEEP everything and I mean EVERYTHING to yourself! Don't mention a word to Dana about what we were just talking about, alright? Now put the paper away 'cause here she comes! Get ready!"
Teresa becomes more nervous! Dana soon walks inside the stockroom. She goes and rests her black shoulder bag on a chair at the side. She walks further into the stockroom, looks around and sees that the stockroom is quite empty. She asks, "Hey Teresa! Where is everybody?"
Victor and Teresa nervously look at each other. Teresa quickly and nervously responds, "Oh, everybody was needed somewhere else for today Dana."
"Everybody was needed somewhere else?"
"Yeah."
"Where?"
"Oh I'm not sure."
Dana sees the newspaper trembling in Teresa's hand. She gives Teresa a suspicious glare. Teresa nervously says, "I think everybody is working way up in the front. There's a lot of heavy packages up in the front, so they probably needed a lot of people way up there to help lift all those heavy packages or something." Dana continues to give Teresa a suspicious glare as Teresa nervously says, "It wasn't too much work back here anyway so everybody probably will be back here tomorrow when the work picks up, right Victor? Well I'm gonna get started on my work." Teresa starts to nervously walk away.
Dana looks at Teresa and calls out, "YOU OKAY TERESA? YOU SEEM SORT OF JUMPY!"
Teresa stops and nervously nibs her stomach! Victor stares on. Teresa slowly turns around towards Dana and says, "Really? I'm alright Dana. My stomach is a little bit upset right now. Don't worry about me. I think it was just something I had ate this morning. I'm just starting to feel it now."
Victor jumps in. He goes to Teresa and says, "Well Teresa if you feel kind of sick, maybe you should go to the bathroom or some­thing. Then see if you can go lie down somewhere and rest for sev­eral minutes, alright?"
"Alright Victor. I'll do that." Teresa continues to nervously hold her stomach as she starts to walk towards the doorway.
As Teresa is about to go through the doorway, Dana suddenly calls out, "WAIT A MINUTE TERESA! I'LL GO WITH YOU!"
Teresa stops and stares nervously into space! She secretly turns her eyes towards Victor! She and Victor secretly stare at each other as Dana goes to grab her black shoulder bag. Teresa quickly puts the newspaper aside on the table. Dana then goes to grab Teresa by the arm. She frowns as she pulls Teresa out of the stockroom into the hallway. They leave Victor staring worriedly behind.
Five minutes later, Dana and Teresa are inside the Ladies' room. Dana is at the bathroom sink, while Teresa is slumped nervously on a chair holding her stomach. Dana finishes at the sink. She dries her hand, then walks towards Teresa. She stands over Teresa, looks around Teresa and asks, "Where's the newspaper that you had in your hand?"
Teresa looks up at Dana and nervously tells her, "Oh I put it away. I finished reading the horoscope already." Dana firmly looks down at Teresa and gives her a cold stare.  Teresa nervously turns away from Dana and stares nervously out the bathroom window.
An hour passes by. Victor is still in the stockroom. He notices that Dana and Teresa have not come back yet. They have been gone for over an hour! Victor starts to become worried. He goes out the stockroom into the hallway. He goes and knocks on the Ladies' bath­room door. There is no answer. He sees Kenneth sitting at the desk near the back door, still listening to Oldies music on his radio. He hears Kenneth listening to the music of 'Aquarius,' by The 5th Dimension. Victor goes to Kenneth and asks, "Hey Kenneth! Are Dana and Teresa STILL in the Ladies' room?"
"No. Dana and Teresa had left the Ladies' room a while ago."
"They left the Ladies' room a while ago?"
"Yeah."
"Well where'd they went? They never came back into the stock­room! Where'd they go?"
"They left! They went out the back door."
"OUT THE BACK DOOR? FOR WHAT?"
"They said that they were going to the store to get some med­ication for Teresa's stomach pains or something like that."
"Oh yeah? Did they go to the store across the street?"
"No. They drove off in Dana's car. They said they'll be right back. Why? What's the matter?"
"Oh nothing Kenneth! I just wanted to know where they went, that's all." Victor goes and stares nervously out the back door, which leads to the parking lot. He does not see Dana's car anywhere. Kenneth then returns to listening to the Oldies music on his radio.
Dana and Teresa are driving in the car. Teresa is slumped back in the front seat holding her stomach. She nervously faces towards the side window looking out, trying to avoid looking at Dana.
Dana's car soon comes to a stop. It stops at a red light. As Teresa nervously faces towards the side window, Dana turns her head to Teresa and looks down towards Teresa's stomach. Then her eyes look up at Teresa, giving Teresa a cold sinister stare. Teresa ner­vously continues to face towards the side window. Dana then gives a firm angry look straight ahead as she starts to drive again. Teresa starts to sit up. She looks around a little and nervously asks, "Where're we going?"
"I'm taking you to this pharmacist I always go to when I have stomach pains. The medication I get from there always work for me."
"Oh really?"
"Yeah. You'll see," Dana says. She continues to drive as she gives a firm look straight ahead. Teresa nervously looks ahead. She sees a couple of vans speeding pass the car! She nervously starts to think of the 'PLUMBING & HEATING' van.





























Chapter 12

The Function


During the meantime, Missy and the triplets are at a casual function that their Uncle Kevin is giving inside a bar. Missy and the triplets each have their hair back in a long thick braid with bangs in front of their heads. They are all dressed in short black jackets and black leggings. Landa is wearing a blue shirt on the inside, Londa is wearing a green shirt, Linda is wearing a red shirt and Missy is wear­ing a brown shirt. The triplets sit at a table with Rick, a male black around his early 30's, and a couple of other fellows, Terrance and Chad. Missy stands over them with her boyfriend James, a dark skinned male black around his early 30's. Missy nervously looks at her watch. She tells the triplets, "You know we all better get back home to be with Grandma and Grandpa. If Dana catches us all in here you know she's gonna have a fit, right? She'll drag us all right out of here!"
"Oh relax Missy!" Linda says. "Dana is not gonna come home from work until around another four or five hours! We still have plenty of time!"
James turns to Missy and asks, "Why doesn't Dana want you all to be here?"
"Well, both of my grandparents are home sick with the flu. They're both very weak right now and nobody is home with them, so Dana wanted us four to stay home to take care of them. She did­n't want any of us to leave the house!  Dana told us all to stay home with our grandparents until she gets off work." 
"Oh yeah?" 
"Yeah."
"How did both of your grandparents wind up with the flu?" 
"Well at first my grandfather caught it, then I think my grand­mother caught it from him." 
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah." Missy nervously looks at her watch again.
James says, "Ah come on now Missy, stop looking at your watch! You shouldn't worry about anything! Dana is not gonna come home for a while! And if she did walk in here right now, she's not gonna really drag you all out of here!"
"James, she's done it before," Missy says. James becomes stunned. Missy then says, "Don't ever under estimate Dana! She is not one person to under estimate!" James remains stunned.
Missy starts to annoy Linda about the time on her watch. Linda annoyingly looks at Missy's watch. She then gets up from her chair and goes to a pay phone in the back. She decides to call home and check up on her grandparents.
The phone rings inside Gracy and*Mike's house. Gracy picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Grandma! It's me Linda! How's it going? Has Dana called yet?"
"Yes Dana has called! Dana has called here twice already! She wanted to speak to all four of you, but since you all weren't HERE, I had to make up some kind of line and excuse to her just to keep her from getting angry and upset! Now I didn't want to lie to Dana, but I had told her that you four were down in the basement, cleaning up a heavy flood! I told Dana that the washing machine had a bad leak!"
"What! You told her that?"
"Yeah I had to! I told Dana that the washing machine had a bad leak and that there was a heavy flood down in the basement! I told her that you four were down in the basement cleaning up the leak and that none of you were able to come to the phone!"
"Oh yeah? Then what did she say?"
"She got very angry and started shouting all over the telephone! I didn't know what else to tell her Linda! I just told Dana that you all were too busy cleaning up the heavy leak!"
"Oh yeah? Well thanks Grandma."
"Now don't thank me Linda! I'm not doing this for you! I'm only doing this to keep Dana from getting angry and upset!"
"I know Grandma! We don't want Dana getting angry and upset either! That's why if she calls you again, just tell her that we four are still down in the basement cleaning up the water okay?"
"Dana says that the next time she calls here, she wants to hear your voices."
"Can't you just tell her that we're all still down in the basement and that we're very tied up?"
"NO LINDA! NOW I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG I CAN KEEP ON MAKING UP EXCUSES WITHOUT DANA GETTING SUSPICIOUS!"
"Just keep telling her what you've been telling her before Grandma! Dana won't be home for another four or five hours! We'll be back home by then! Okay? We're all having a good time here and we don't want to leave yet!"
"Okay, Linda. But just TRY to come home as soon as you can! You know I would love for you guys to stay at the function, I really would, but it is important to Dana that you guys be here!"
"I know Grandma! We just wanted to be at the function real bad, that's all!"
"Okay then Linda! JUST come home as soon as possible alright? I don't like lying to your sister! I don't want Dana to find out that you four had went out of the house."
"Grandma, it won't hurt Dana as long as she doesn't know about it! We'll be home as soon as possible, okay?"
"Okay Linda. I'll see you all later."
"Okay Grandma. Bye." Linda hangs up the telephone. She then walks back to the table.
Missy and the triplets continue to stay at the function. Londa gets up from her chair and walks to the bar. Missy goes and follows behind Londa. She starts to annoy Londa about the time on her watch. Londa stops and furiously turns around towards Missy! She gives Missy an angry stare as Missy nervously backs away from her! Londa turns back around and continues to walk to the bar! She then sits on a stool. Missy goes and stands beside Londa, nervously look­ing at her. Londa sits angrily at the bar as she takes a drink.
An old time friend of Missy and Londa's named Steven is at the function also. Steven, a male black in his early 40's, sees Missy and Londa at the bar together.  He sees Londa being constantly annoyed by Missy as Missy constantly shows Londa the time on her watch. Steven knows how much Missy and the triplets fear Dana. He decides to play a small trick on them. He goes over to Missy and Londa. He approaches Missy and Londa and says to them, "Hey you two! What's happening?" Missy and Londa look at Steven. Steven then says, "Say, I thought you two said that Dana was at work right now!"
"Yeah! Dana is at work right now," Missy responds.
Steven looks far behind them and says, "Oh yeah? Well how come I just saw her walking through the front door?" Missy and Londa frighteningly stare at Steven! They start to freeze in fear! Three other people, who are at the bar turn to look towards the front door, but it is hard to see anything because it is crowded inside the place! Steven continues, "It looks like she's coming this way too!" Missy and Londa continue to stare at Steven! They both start to panic inside! Steven continues again, "Oh man she's coming right over here too!" Missy and Londa continue to stare at Steven! They both start to sweat! They are afraid to turn around! Steven seeing Missy's and Londa's fears, starts to feel bad for them and decides to give up the joke! He laughs and tells Missy and Londa both, "Hey! I was only kidding with you two! Dana's not here!" Missy and Londa continue to frighteningly stare at Steven. They are still afraid to turn around! Steven continues, "Hey! I was only kidding! Dana's not here! You two can turn around and look now!" Missy and Londa still refuse to turn their heads around! Steven then says to the three other people at the bar, "Hey, will you guys tell them that I was just only kidding with them, would y'all! Tell them that Dana's not here!"
Two of the three people at the bar, Paul and Carol tell Missy and Londa, "Yeah! Steven was just kidding around! Dana's not here! We don't see her anywhere!" Missy and Londa are still sweating! They slowly and nervously start to turn their heads around! They look around the room. They are both relieved to see that there is no Dana! They then get very angry and upset with Steven as Londa shouts, "I DON'T THINK YOUR DAMN JOKE IS FUNNY!" She gets up from her stool and angrily throws her drink right in Steven's face, shouting, "NOW HOW ABOUT THIS? I THINK THAT'S FUNNY!" She angrily storms away!  Missy angrily says to Steven, "You know you really went too far this time Steven. Why don't you try to grow up okay?" Missy angrily walks away, following right behind Londa.  
Steven calls out towards them and says, "I'M SORRY GIRLS! I'LL NEVER JOKE LIKE THAT AGAIN!"
Paul, a male black in his early 40's and Carol, a female black around her early 40's, approach Steven. They ask him, "Why did you make a bad joke like that Steven? That wasn't very nice at all."
"Oh I was just kidding around with them! I wanted to see their reaction because I know they're all scared of Dana!"
"Scared of Dana?" Paul asks. "What do you mean they're all scared of Dana? Why?"
"I really don't know! They don't really talk about it!"
"Yeah, that's true," Carol says. "A little while ago, I was standing over there talking with Linda while she was sitting on a stool in the back! Then somebody had come up to her and jokingly told her that Dana was coming towards her way! All of a sudden, Linda looked scared! I mean she started sweating like crazy! I didn't know what was wrong with her! I asked her what's the matter, but she was too scared to say anything!"
"Really?" Paul asks. "Why are they all so afraid of Dana? Dana is their sister!"
"Well that's what I've been trying to figure out for years Paul," Steven frustratingly says. "They've feared Dana all their lives! And the sad thing is, they still do! And nobody really knows why! A few people have asked them all before, how come they're all so afraid of Dana, how come they're so afraid of Dana, but they will never answer the question! But everybody sees that they're all scared of Dana! Everybody sees that!"
Paul and Carol stare at each other stunned. They then look towards Missy and the triplets. Carol then says, "Well maybe it could be something about Dana that they all know about and that they're all afraid of. Maybe they're all afraid of Dana because of the many times Dana has been arrested!"
"Could be," Steven says. "But whatever it is about Dana that they're all afraid of, they're all scared like crazy!"
"Well maybe they could be just faking it," Paul says.
"Paul, how can anybody fake a sweat?"
Paul and Carol stare at Steven. Steven looks away from them and sadly looks towards Missy and the triplets.
Back at the stockroom, another hour passes by. Victor is still inside the stockroom. He continues to worry about Teresa and Dana, wondering if they're going to come back.  He starts to use the tele­phone on the table and calls up Kenneth at the back desk. There's no answer. Victor tries again, but there still is no answer.
A couple of minutes later, Kenneth walks into the stockroom and puts some newspapers down on the table. As he is about to walk back out, Victor sees him and calls out, "HEY KENNETH!" Kenneth stops and turns around towards Victor as Victor asks, "Where were you? I just tried to phone you at the desk!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah!"
"Oh I'm sorry Victor. I had to open up the back door to let Dana and Teresa back in the building."
"Dana and Teresa? They're both back?" 
"Yeah."
"Well that's why I tried to call you up in the first place Kenneth, to see if they had both came back yet!"
"Yeah. They're both back," Kenneth says. He then walks back out the stockroom. Victor hurries to the stockroom doorway! He looks down the corridor and sees both Dana and Teresa at the back desk as Kenneth walks back to the desk. Victor comes partially into the corridor. He is happy to see that Teresa is alright. He then sees Dana handing Teresa some medication. He hears Dana telling Teresa, "You know Teresa you should really stay away from fried foods. Your stomach wouldn't feel so bad."
Dana then turns the corner into the other hallway as Teresa walks towards Victor. Victor says to her, "Damn Teresa! You gave me a good scare! What the hell happened to you two? Where did you both go?"
"Oh Dana had drove me to the drug store for some aspirin and some medication." 
"Oh yeah?" 
"Yeah."
"Well why didn't you tell anybody where you two were going? Why didn't you tell anybody that you were going there?"
Teresa looks around and says, "Because I didn't know I was going to go there Victor! I didn't even know I was going to be there!" Teresa smiles and says, "But I'm alright Victor. I'm okay."
Victor then smiles and says, "Well thank God for that!"
In Dana's grandparents' house, Gracy and Mike are still inside the house alone.  The phone rings.  Gracy picks up the telephone and says, "Hello? Oh hi Dana!.... Oh, they're all still down in the base­ment. It's just too much water down there. Missy and the triplets are still down the basement trying to get rid of it!  …..  I know you want to hear their voices this time Dana, but they're all still down in the basement trying to clean up the flood!  It's hard for them to come to the phone right now!  …..  No they still haven't cleaned up all the water yet!  There's still a lot of water down the basement! None of them are able to come to the phone right now!  ……  NOW WAIT A MINUTE DANA! DANA! DANA! DANA!" Gracy hears no answer on the other end of the phone. It had went dead.  Dana had hung up the phone! Gracy becomes hysterical and cries out, "OH MY GOD!" She decides to call up the function! She anxiously looks for the telephone number of the function. She finds the number and calls up the function! She anxiously shouts, "HELLO, LET ME SPEAK TO LINDA PLEASE!  …... MY GRANDDAUGHTER LINDA!  PLEASE, LET ME SPEAK TO HER RIGHT AWAY!"
At the function, someone approaches Linda and tells her that she has a telephone call. Linda goes to the telephone. She gets on the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"LINDA, IT'S ME!" Gracy shouts.
"Oh hey Grandma! Did Dana called again yet?"
"YES DANA CALLED AGAIN, AND SHE IS VERY UPSET! SHE WANTED TO SPEAK TO ALL FOUR OF YOU AND TO HEAR YOUR VOICES THIS TIME, BUT I TOLD HER THAT YOU FOUR WERE STILL DOWN THE BASEMENT CLEANING UP ALL THAT WATER! I TOLD HER THAT IT WAS JUST TOO MUCH WATER DOWN THE BASEMENT AND THAT NONE OF YOU ARE ABLE TO COME TO THE TELEPHONE!"
"Oh yeah? Then what did she say?"
"SHE SAID THAT SHE IS ON HER WAY OVER HERE RIGHT NOW TO GO DOWN IN THE BASEMENT AND HELP Y'ALL GET RID OF ALL THAT WATER!"
"WHAT!"
"YEAH! THEN SHE SAID THAT IF SHE DOESN'T SEE ANY FLOOD DOWN THE BASEMENT, OR IF SHE DOESN'T SEE ANY OF YOU DOWN THE BASEMENT OR ANYWHERE ELSE IN THE HOUSE, SHE SAID THAT SHE'S GONNA GO PAY YOU ALL A VERY UNPLEASANT VISIT AT THE FUNCTION! THEN SHE JUST HUNG UP THE PHONE!"
Linda starts to panic and shout, "GRANDMA WE'LL BE RIGHT THERE!" Linda quickly hangs up the telephone and rushes off!
Landa and Missy are sitting next to each other at a table. Landa angrily looks at Missy as Missy annoys her about the time on her watch! Linda rushes to them! She whispers something in their ears! Landa and Missy QUICKLY leap from their chairs and rush off! Linda then rushes off to Londa at a nearby table! She whispers something in Londa's ear! Londa QUICKLY leaps from her chair and rushes off too! They all go to the coat rack and QUICKLY grab all their belongings! They do not say a word to anybody! James, Rick, Terrance and Chad all come back to the tables carrying drinks for everyone. They suddenly see Missy and the triplets rush off through the crowd of people and head for the front door, almost knocking a few people down! The fellows, puzzled, watch Missy and the triplets, wondering what had happened or what the heck is going on! Steven and the crowd look on also, wondering what the heck happened or what the heck is going on as Missy and the triplets QUICKLY dash through the crowd! Missy and the triplets soon dash right out of the crowd one by one, with Londa dashing out first, fol­lowed by Landa, then by Linda, and then by Missy! They all then dash right out the front door! They all rush towards their grandfather Mike's car, which is across the street!
As they rush towards their car, they are about to dash in front of an oncoming car! They quickly back up! The oncoming car passes right by them! Missy and the triplets continue to rush towards their grandfather's car! The crowd runs out the front door and looks on stunned, wondering what the heck is going on! Missy and the triplets rush inside the car with Londa getting behind the wheel! Londa backs the car up and pulls off very fast as the car tires screech! James and the fellows rush out the front door, wondering what the heck happened or what in the world is going on! Missy and the triplets' car speeds down the street! A few stunned people ask each other, "What was that all about? What happened? They didn't say any­thing! They just all ran out of here like a bat out of hell! Why did they all leave so quickly like that?" Nobody seems to know.
Back in the stockroom, Victor and Teresa come out into the hall­way. They look around and do not see Dana on the pay phone or anywhere else. They see Kenneth at the back desk. Victor asks, "Hey Kenneth! Where's Dana? What happened to her?"
"Yeah," Teresa says. "We had heard her shouting out here again!  Where did she go?"
"Oh Dana just stormed out the back door," Kenneth tells them. "She got inside her car and pulled off real fast! I think she's going to her grandmother's house!"
"Oh yeah?" Victor asks. "Why? What happened?"
"Oh I don't know. All I know is that she was shouting and yelling at her grandmother! Right after that, she just stormed out the door, took off in her car and sped off real fast!"
"Really?" Teresa asks.
"Yeah!"
Victor and Teresa hurry to the back door and look out towards the parking lot. They do not see Dana's car anywhere.
Outside, Dana's vehicle is speeding down the street! It then speeds straight into the highway! On the other side of town, Missy and the triplets are speeding their vehicle down a street! Londa is still at the wheel as Linda sits beside her! Missy and Landa are in the back seat with Missy sitting behind Londa! They are all nervous and scared! They are all shouting and arguing among each other! Landa shouts, "SPEED UP THE CAR LONDA!"
"I'M TRYING TO!" Londa shouts back!
Missy then shouts, "SEE, I TOLD YOU ALL LET'S HURRY UP AND GET OUT OF THERE, LET'S HURRY UP AND GET OUT OF THERE, BUT YOU ALL KEPT WANTING TO STAY! AND YOU'RE THE ONE WHO KEPT TELLING ME TO RELAX, LINDA," as she strikes Linda on the shoulder!
Linda strikes back at Missy's face and shouts, "WELL HOW THE HELL WAS I SUPPOSE TO KNOW THAT DANA WOULD DECIDE TO COME HOME SO SOON MISSY?" Linda strikes Missy's face again and shouts, "HOW THE HELL WAS I SUP­POSE TO KNOW THAT?"
Missy shoves Linda's hand away and angrily points her finger at Linda shouting, "IF YOU WOULD HAVE JUST LISTENED TO ME IN THE FIRST PLACE, WE WOULDN'T HAVE TO BE RUSHING BACK HOME RIGHT NOW! WE WOULD HAVE ALL BEEN THERE ALREADY!" They all continue to shout and argue among each other as the wheels of their vehicle speed down the highway!
Several miles away, the wheels of Dana's vehicle speed down another highway!
Back on the other side of town, Missy and the triplets continue to argue and shout at one another!  They all continue to shout as the wheels of their vehicle speed down the highway and the wheels of Dana's vehicle speed down another highway!
Missy and the triplets soon exit the highway! They continue to speed down a local street! As they speed down the local street, they see a dark blue Oldsmobile on the other side of the street speeding quickly pass them, going down the opposite direction! Missy fright­eningly shouts, "OH NO, I THINK THAT WAS DANA'S CAR THAT JUST SPED PASSED US! SHE'S PROBABLY ON HER WAY TO THE FUNCTION!"
Linda and Landa nervously turn their heads around to look as Londa nervously looks in the rearview mirror! They all see the dark blue car speeding way down the street! As the dark blue car contin­ues to speed into the far distance, Missy and the triplets suddenly see the dark blue car make a quick U-turn. They all assume that it's Dana's car! They start to panic as Landa nervously shouts, "OH NO I THINK SHE SAW US!"
Londa continues to speed the car as Missy, Landa and Linda continue to look out the rear window, watching for the dark blue car! The dark blue car is coming towards their direction! Missy nervous­ly shouts, "OH NO SHE'S COMING," as she, Landa and Linda continue to look out the rear window! Londa nervously looks into the rearview mirror as she continues to speed!
"COME ON LONDA SPEED UP," Linda shouts!
Londa speeds up the car more faster! She speeds the car for sev­eral blocks! As Missy, Landa and Linda continue to watch for the dark blue car, they suddenly see the dark blue car make a quick turn on a side street! Missy shouts, "THAT CAR HAD JUST TURNED THE CORNER! I DON'T THINK THAT WAS DANA'S CAR!"
"THAT STILL COULD HAVE BEEN DANA'S CAR," Landa shouts! "SHE'S PROBABLY GOING TO TAKE SOME KIND OF QUICK SHORT CUT OR SOMETHING!"
Londa continues to speed the car towards their grandparents' home! She then makes a turn to the side streets and continues to drive! They soon are about to reach their grandparents' house, which is around another corner! As Londa speeds the vehicle to the corner, Landa nervously shouts, "WAIT A MINUTE LONDA, SLOW DOWN! WE GOTTA MAKE SURE DANA'S NOT STANDING AND WAITING FOR US IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE!" They all nervously look at one another! Landa then says, "Go around the cor­ner slowly!"
Londa drives towards the corner very slowly. They are all scared and nervous. They all are sweating with fear! They reach the corner and look down towards the block. They see their grandparents' house. They do not see any sign of Dana or her car anywhere yet. Londa slowly turns the car around the corner. She slowly pulls the car up in front of their grandparents' house! She then says, "I don't see Dana's car anywhere yet!"
"WELL DANA MIGHT HAVE CAME AND LEFT ALREADY," Missy cries and shouts! "SHE COULD BE ON HER WAY TO THE FUNCTION RIGHT NOW!"
"NO I DON'T THINK DANA'S BEEN HERE YET," Linda nervously shouts! "SHE WAS MORE FURTHER AWAY FROM HERE THAN WE WERE! SHE'S PROBABLY STILL ON THE HIGHWAY RIGHT NOW!"
"YEAH SHE PROBABLY STILL IS," Londa shouts! "WE STILL HAVE TIME TO FLOOD UP THE BASEMENT!"
"WHAT," Missy shouts!
"YEAH WE HAVE TO," Landa shouts! "DANA'S GONNA BE HERE ANY MINUTE NOW! WHEN SHE GETS HERE THE FIRST THING SHE'S GONNA DO IS GO RIGHT DOWN THE BASEMENT AND EXPECT TO SEE A HEAVY FLOOD OF WATER DOWN THERE! SO COME ON LET'S GO! WE GOT TO DO THIS!"
Londa shuts off the car engine! They all rush out the car and run towards their grandparents' house! They are all frightened, scared and terrified! They reach the front door! Missy tries to unlock the front door with her keys, but she is so scared and nervous that her hands are jittery, which causes her to accidentally drop the keys on the steps! She nervously picks up the keys! She is a nervous wreck! She tries to unlock the front door again, but her hands are still jittery from nervousness that she drops the keys again! The triplets start to glare at Missy as she picks the keys up off the steps again! They all become more scared and more nervous as they wait desperately try­ing to get inside the house! They do not want Dana to catch them standing outside the house! Suddenly, they hear a car roaring down the street! They frighteningly look away from the door lock towards the street! They see a car coming fast down the street passing by their grandparents' house, but it is not Dana's car. They all continue to be scared and nervous as Missy desperately tries to unlock the front door!  The triplets tell Missy to hurry and open the door! Missy's nervousness causes her hands to still be jittery! She acci­dentally drops the keys again the third time! The triplets become angry! They start to verbally attack Missy, angrily throwing their arms towards Missy as Linda shouts, "DAMMIT MISSY WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?"
"CAN'T YOU OPEN THE FUCKIN' DOOR?" Landa shouts!
"GIVE ME THOSE GODDAMN KEYS," Londa shouts as she violently snatches the keys right out of Missy's hand! Landa and Linda start to bang and pound on the front door, calling for their grandmother to please let them in as Londa bends down between them, desperately trying to unlock the front door! Missy nervously looks towards the street! She looks and sees a dark blue Oldsmobile at the edge of the next street corner, facing towards their direction! She alerts her sisters! They all turn around to look! They see the dark blue car also! The dark blue car just sits there, right at the edge of the next street corner, facing them as if to be watching them. They all begin to panic! They all begin to sweat more! They begin to hud­dle up against one another as they nervously and frighteningly look at the dark blue car! Missy's eyes are full of nervous and scared tears as she and the triplets frighteningly huddle up against one another! They continue to nervously look at the dark blue car! They all begin to say among one another, "Is that Dana's car?, I'm not sure!, It looks like the same car that we had spotted earlier! Why's that car just sitting there?, I don't know! It seems to be watching us!"
All of a sudden, a group of small children begin to walk right in front of the dark blue car. After the children pass in front of the car, it starts to come slowly through the intersection. It then heads slow­ly down the street. It comes down the street towards Missy and the triplets. Missy and the triplets get more nervous and more scared! The dark blue car continues to come down their street, passing right by their grandparents' house! Missy and the triplets nervously look at the driver of the dark blue car! The driver is a white male! It is not Dana! The dark blue car then keeps on going! Missy and the triplets still do not see any sign of Dana! Londa continues to try and unlock the front door! She finally gets the front door unlocked! It opens up and they all rush inside the house! Londa rushes in first, followed by Linda, then by Landa and then by Missy! Missy closes and locks the front door behind herself! As they all rush towards the staircase, Londa throws the keys to the side! She points her finger behind to Linda, then points her finger towards the upstairs!  Londa rushes down the basement steps as Linda rushes up the stairs towards the bedrooms! Landa follows Londa down the basement steps as Missy follows Linda up the stairs! Linda and Missy rush up the stairs to their grandparents' room!
Londa and Landa are down in the basement taking their shoes off! They put their shoes up high on a shelf! They go and grab some big pails and some big trash cans! They then go outside the back of the house and grab a water hose! They turn on the water hose and begin to fill the pails and trash cans up with water! They go to the shower stall and begin to fill more pails and more trash cans up with water! Missy and Linda soon rush back downstairs from the bed­room, followed slowly by their grandmother Gracy! They then rush down the basement steps! When Missy and Linda reach down the basement, they take off their shoes and put them up high on the shelf also! Londa then roughly hands them each a full pail of water! Londa and Landa then hurry towards two trash cans that are filled with water! Landa then shouts to all her sisters, "COME ON Y'ALL, WE GOTTA MAKE THIS LOOK GOOD!" She takes a big pail of water and THROWS the water on to the basement floor! She then takes one of the trash cans that is filled with water and KNOCKS the trash can and all the water down to the floor, deliberately flooding the place! She then takes another trash can and KNOCKS it and all the water down on the floor! The rest of her sisters follow her step and throw the big pails and trash cans of water all on to the basement floor also! They go to the shower stall and fill the pails and trash cans up with more water, then throwing the water all over the base­ment floor! They leave the shower stall running loud. They soon have the entire basement flooded! Their grandparents Gracy and Mike soon come to the top of the basement stairs looking down in disbelief! Mike is about to angrily go down the basement steps, but Gracy pulls him back and stops him! She persuades him to keep silent! They both continue to look on down towards the basement in disbelief, but they do not say anything as Missy and the triplets con­tinue to deliberately flood up the basement!
After a short while, Landa becomes frustrated with Missy! She screams at Missy as she angrily slams a trash can on the floor, bang­ing it hard against Missy, shoving Missy right into the flood! Landa angrily turns around and storms away from Missy! Missy then gets up and goes off after Landa, stepping through the flood pass Londa and Linda as Londa and Linda shout at each other, grabbing and pulling on to the water hose!  Soon, they all are frustrated with one another! Their grandparents continue to watch down in disbelief!  Gracy then hears the telephone ring. She goes to the kitchen and answers it. She says, "Hello? …. Oh hi Dana!" Dana calls her grandmother on the phone and angrily tells her grandmother that she had caught a flat tire, speeding over a deep pothole on the highway!  Gracy becomes angry and starts to yell at Dana about her speeding, shouting, "NOW YOU KNOW BETTER TO BE SPEEDING ON THE HIGHWAY DANA! YOU COULD HAVE HAD A BAD ACCIDENT FROM THAT POTHOLE! YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN SERIOUSLY HURT!"
"Oh I'm alright Grandma! I'm okay! Put Missy and the triplets on the phone!"
"Hold on Dana, I'll go get them." Gracy puts the phone receiv­er down. She goes to the top of the basement steps. She calls down to Missy and the triplets and says, "HEY GIRLS! DANA IS ON THE PHONE AGAIN!" Missy and the triplets stop what they're doing and nervously look up at their grandmother. Gracy continues, "SHE WANTS TO SPEAK TO YOU GUYS!"
Missy goes to shut the shower off! She and the triplets then hurry up the basement stairs! They go into the kitchen and wait around the table as Linda goes and picks up the phone receiver! Linda nervously laughs and says, "Hey Dana! It's me Linda! What's up?"
"WHAT'S UP? I CAUGHT A DAMN FLAT TIRE SPEEDING OVER A POTHOLE ON THE HIGHWAY, THAT'S WHAT'S UP!"
"You caught a flat tire speeding over a pothole, while you were on the highway?"
Missy, Landa and Londa shockingly and worriedly look on at Linda, hearing that Dana had been speeding as Linda cries out, "You could have had a bad accident speeding, Dana! You could have been seriously hurt!"
"I'M ALRIGHT! DID Y'ALL CLEAN UP ALL THAT WATER YET?"
"Yeah, we're almost finish! Do you need help with the flat tire Dana? Do you want us to come meet you somewhere and help?"
"No that's okay. I'll change it myself. Put Missy on the phone."
"Okay." Linda then tells Missy to come to the phone. Missy comes forward from around the table.  She takes the receiver, gets on the telephone and nervously says, "Hi Dana! Hey, guess what? The washing machine had a bad leak! We just wanted to clean up all of that water, but we're almost done! We have everything under con­trol!"
"You do?"
"Yeah!"
"Okay then. Is Landa and Londa there?"
"Yeah, Landa and Londa are here," Missy says as she nervously smiles towards Landa and Londa. Landa and Londa sadly look at Missy as Missy continues, "We're all here!"
"Good. Okay, I'll see you guys later. I'm gonna go back to work after I finish changing the tire."
"You're gonna go back to work after you finish changing the tire?"
"Yeah I'm gonna go back."
"Okay then Dana. You sure you don't need us to come meet you and help you with the flat tire? Just let us know where you are and we'll be right there!"
"No! Just stay there with Grandma and Grandpa until I get there after I get off work."
"Okay Dana. We will. Take care. We'll see you later, alright?"
"Alright."
"Bye." Missy then hears the other end of the phone go click. She then hears a dial tone. Dana had hung up the telephone. Missy looks at her grandmother and the triplets and says, "She hung up." Missy then hangs up the telephone. She tells her grandmother and her sis­ters, "Dana had decided to go back to work after she finishes chang­ing her tire. I guess she just wanted to hear our voices, huh?"
The triplets sadly look at Missy as Gracy smiles and says, "Yeah I guess she did."
Missy's eyes fill with tears as she sadly says to her sisters, "You know guys, let's just stay home, huh? We don't need to be at that function! There'll be other times we can go, right?"
The triplets' eyes are all filled with tears as they sadly look on at Missy and agree. They tell their grandmother, "We're not going to go back to the function Grandma! We're going to stay right here with you and Grandpa!"
Gracy smiles at them all and says, "I'm so happy to hear that."
Missy's eyes continue to fill with tears as she says, "Now it's only one thing bad that came out of this."
"Yeah?" Gracy asks. "What's that Missy?"
Missy smiles and says, "That we still gotta clean up all that water down the basement!"
They all smile as Gracy tells them, "I'll come with you all. After all, it was my fib."
"No, that's okay Grandma," Missy says. "You did what you had to do! You wanted to save Dana from getting angry and upset! We should not have put you in this situation! I'll tell you what; you can come watch, but we'll take care of everything!"
They all smile as they go downstairs to the basement.
Dana soon arrives back to the stockroom building. She made it back to her job. She knocks on the back door. Kenneth is still sitting at the back desk, listening to Oldies music on his radio. He gets up to open the back door to let Dana inside the building. Dana comes inside and walks through the corridor. Teresa approaches Dana and asks, "Hey Dana! What happened? Why did you take off like that?"
"I had an emergency at home Teresa. But I got it taken care of."
"Oh yeah? Is everything alright with your grandparents?"
"Yeah, they're both fine."
"Good," Teresa says as she follows Dana back into the stock­room.
Around two hours later, Missy and the triplets are still cleaning up the flood of water in the basement. Their Aunt Celeste, their older brother Thomas and their younger brother Robert soon come down the basement steps and see Missy and the triplets cleaning up a heavy flood of water. Thomas shouts, "HEY! WHAT IN THE WORLD HAPPENED DOWN HERE? WHAT'S GOING ON?"
"Oh, hi guys," Missy and the triplets say.
"WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED DOWN HERE?" Aunt Celeste shouts.
"We're all trying to clean up this heavy flood," Londa says.
"Yeah?" Robert asks. "Well, what happened?"
Missy says, "We all had snuck out and went to the function today, even though Dana had told us all last night not to go anywhere and to stay home to take care of Grandma and Grandpa until she gets off work! We all had wanted to go to the function real bad, so we had went anyway, hoping that Dana would never find out that we were all out of the house!"
"Yeah," Linda says. "And when Dana had called Grandma a couple of times, she told Grandma that she wanted to speak to all four of us and to hear our voices, but we weren't here!  Grandma had to make up an excuse to Dana as to why we weren't able to come to the phone, so she had told Dana that the washing machine had a bad leak and that it was a heavy flood down the basement! She had told Dana that water was everywhere in the basement and that we were all trying to clean it up! Grandma kept telling Dana that none of us were able to come to the telephone! And when we found out Dana called Grandma the third time and still didn't get to hear any of our voices, we all heard that Dana was on her way over here! Grandma said that if Dana had come over here and didn't see a flood in the basement, or if she didn't see any of us down here in the basement or anywhere else in the house, she said that Dana would have gone straight over to the function and we don't know what in the world would have happen if she would had come over there!"
"And we sure didn't want to wait around there to find out either," Landa says. "That's why we all cut out of the function so fast and raced over here! We had to race over here real quick and delib­erately flood up the basement so that Dana could see that there was actually a flood of water down here and that we were actually trying to clean it up!"
"But Dana never made it over here," Londa says. "She had caught a flat tire speeding on the highway! She ran over a pothole!"
Aunt Celeste and the boys become hysterical as Aunt Celeste shouts, "OH NO! IS SHE OKAY? DID SHE GET HURT?"
"SHE'S NOT STILL STUCK OUT THERE IS SHE?" Thomas hysterically shouts!
"No, Dana is alright now," Missy says. "She said that she was going to change the tire herself! Then she said that she was going to go back to work after she finish changing the tire. I think she would have called us back by now if she was still stuck out there."
"Yeah?" Aunt Celeste asks. "Well you all should have told me or somebody else last night that you all had wanted to go to your Uncle Kevin's function! We would have stayed home with Grandma and Grandpa! Why didn't you all tell anybody?"
"I guess we never thought of it," Missy says.
"Listen, I tell you all what," Thomas says. "Why don't you girls go upstairs and take a rest, alright? We'll finish the rest." He looks at Robert and asks, "Okay Robert?"
"Yeah, we'll do it."
Thomas then looks at the girls and says, "Whenever Dana comes in, I guess you all can go back to the function."
Missy and the triplets thank Thomas and Robert. They then go up the stairs with their Aunt Celeste.

Around an hour later, the telephone rings. Missy goes to answer it. She picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?	Oh hi Dana!"
"Missy I'm on my way over there."
"Okay Dana! Thomas, Robert and Aunt Celeste had come in the house not too long ago. Thomas and Robert are finishing up the flood in the basement."
"What! You mean there's still a lot of water down the base­ment?"
"Yeah," Missy nervously says. "There's still a lot of water down there, but Thomas and Robert should be finished shortly."
"Are Grandma and Grandpa alright? Are they okay?"
"Yeah, Grandma and Grandpa are alright! They're both fine! Aunt Celeste is upstairs in the room with them now!"
"She is?"
"Yeah!"
"Alright Missy. Since a few people came home, I guess you all can go back to the function now. That's if you all still wanna go." 
"Yeah we all still want to go." 
"Okay Missy. I'll see you all later."
"Okay Dana. Bye." Missy hears the other end of the telephone go click. She then hears a dial tone.
A half-hour later, Missy and the triplets get ready to leave the house. They are wearing different clothes now. They are heading back to their Uncle Kevin's function. They happily leave the house together and walk out the front door with their arms wrapped tight­ly around one another, holding and hugging each other with Missy at one end and Linda at the other end. They happily joke with each other as they all leave for the function. They wave to their grand­mother and their Aunt Celeste who are both standing at the front door. Missy and the triplets head to their grandfather Mike's car as Gracy and Aunt Celeste wave back, telling Missy and the triplets to have a good time.








































Chapter 13

Kathy Spots Dana Again


Another few weeks have gone by. It is now the weekend. Dana is at work at the Community Center. Her family and friends are there inside the office with her as she sits at the computers and the copy machines. Her family and friends stay inside the office with her to help her out.
After a couple of hours, Diane D, Missy and Londa decide to step outside of the office for a while to walk around and take a break. They walk pass a group of small children who are running through the hallway. 
Diane D, Missy and Londa soon stop in the cafeteria to get some coffee and some snacks from there. They buy a few trays worth of food to bring back inside the office. After they finish their purchases, they carry the trays back towards the office.
Diane D, Missy and Londa soon bring the trays of coffee and snacks inside the office where Landa, Linda and Teresa are sitting with Dana. Dana is still sitting at the machines, holding and frown­ing down at a sheet of paper. Teresa sits there besides a frowning Dana, showing Dana something on the sheet of paper. Dana then turns the sheet of paper around looking at the other side of it. Diane D brings two cups of coffee over towards Dana. She hands Dana a cup of coffee and says, "Here Dana. We brought you some coffee."
"Thanks a lot Diane," Dana says as she takes the cup of coffee.
Diane D then hands Teresa the other cup of coffee as Teresa hap­pily says, "Thanks Diane."
Londa approaches Dana with some snacks and says, "We brought you some snacks too Dana."
"Thanks," Dana says as she takes a snack.
As Dana takes a sip of coffee, Londa asks, "So when are you gonna step off and take a break Dana?"
"I don't know yet Londa. I guess as soon as I finish copying this sheet. I just want to get this out the way."
Diane D then sits on the other side of Dana and tells her, "Well don't sit there too long Dana. You're gonna have to step outside to get some fresh air sooner or later you know."
"I know Diane. I just want to finish this sheet and get it over with." Dana takes another sip of coffee as she continues to frown at the sheet.
Missy then calls out from the back of the room and shouts, "Hey Dana! Where do you want these papers at?! Can I put them on the side for now so we can use this table?!"
"Yeah go ahead Missy!" Dana shouts out as she turns her head to the side. She turns her head back forward and continues to frown down at the sheet. Missy then takes the papers off the table and puts them down on the side of the room. She puts the food and snacks on the table. She and Landa then carry the table of food towards Dana and sit the table close to Dana, where Dana could reach for the snacks as she works on the computers and the machines. Missy and the rest of the girls surround Dana as Dana continues to work at the computers and the machines. They stay there in the office with Dana all day, until time for her to leave.
It is the end of the day now. Dana and the girls get ready to leave out of the office. They start to head for home.

The following Monday morning, Dana and Teresa drive to work together. They drive on the highway towards Long Island City, Queens. They soon arrive to work and walk through the hallway, heading towards the stockroom. They enter the stockroom where there are still only two employees working in there.
That same morning, Missy goes to work at the school. At the end of the school day, all the employees leave the school and head for home. Missy goes home to her grandparents' house and Raymond goes home to his apartment way across town.
Around an hour and a half later, Raymond is home alone inside his apartment. He stands in his kitchen drinking a glass of juice. Suddenly, there is a loud knock at his front door! He puts his glass of juice down and hurries towards his front door! As he approaches his front door, the knock becomes louder and faster as if someone is desperately trying to get inside his apartment! He looks through his peephole and quickly opens the front door! Kathy comes bursting inside his apartment! She is all sweating and hysterical! She is breathing very heavy! She is scared! Raymond shouts, "WHAT HAPPENED KATHY? WHAT'S WRONG? WHAT'S THE MAT­TER?"
"I JUST SAW MISSY'S SISTER AGAIN! I THINK SHE'S FOLLOWING ME AGAIN!" 
"WHAT!  WHO DANA?" 
"YES! HER!"
Raymond grabs Kathy by the shoulders and shouts, "WAIT A MINUTE KATHY! WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? WHAT DO YOU MEAN DANA IS FOLLOWING YOU AGAIN? ARE YOU SURE?"
"YES, I'M SURE! I JUST SAW HER! SHE WAS RIGHT ON THE NEXT BLOCK WHEN I GOT OFF THE BUS! I HAD JUST GOT OFF THE BUS AND STARTED WALKING TOWARDS HERE! WHEN I HAPPENED TO TURN MY HEAD AROUND, I SAW DANA COMING AT A DISTANCE! SHE WAS COMING RIGHT TOWARDS MY DIRECTION! IT IS STILL DAYLIGHT OUTSIDE AND I WAS ABLE TO SEE HER FACE THIS TIME!  IT LOOKED LIKE SHE WAS LOOKING RIGHT AT ME!  I THINK SHE MIGHT HAVE BEEN WATCHING ME AS SOON AS I GOT OFF THE BUS BECAUSE WHEN I FIRST TURNED MY HEAD AROUND, SHE WAS ALREADY COMING TOWARDS MY DIRECTION REAL SLOW, THEN SHE STOPPED WHEN SHE NOTICED I SAW HER! WHEN I SAW THAT, I JUST RAN OUT OF THAT AREA LIKE CRAZY!"
"OH YEAH?"
"YEAH!"
"COME ON, LET'S GO LOOK OUT THE WINDOW!" Raymond and Kathy rush to the living room window to look out! They do not see Dana or any other suspicious persons outside! They then leave the window! Raymond grabs Kathy and says, "Well Kathy if that was Dana that you saw out there, you know what that means? That means she must have been standing there waiting for you all this time! How did she know you were coming over here?" Raymond then looks up and asks, "How did she even know where I live?"
"I don't know! I sure didn't tell her!"
"I don't think Missy ever told anybody in her family where I live, because Missy doesn't even know where I live! Missy doesn't even know where you live and you live two miles away from me, but yet you saw her sister Dana following you over there right outside your building, right?"
"Yes!"
"What was Dana wearing this time when you saw her?"
"I think she had on a dark brown leather jacket! That's the main thing I can remember!"
"Yeah? Well was she with anybody this time or was she alone?"
"I think she was alone again! I mean I saw several people walk­ing up and down the block walking right pass her and everything, but I don't think any of them were with her!"
"No?"
"No!"
Raymond and Kathy frighteningly look at each other! Raymond then says, "Well, I'm gonna call the police!" He goes to the tele­phone and makes a quick phone call to the police! While Raymond is speaking on the telephone, Kathy stares nervously towards the liv­ing room window!
Raymond soon finishes speaking on the telephone! He approaches Kathy and hysterically says, "Okay Kathy, the police are on their way over, alright? Now listen Kathy, you're gonna have to start carrying some kind of protection or something!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! You should start carrying a gun! I'm gonna get one for you to carry!"
"A GUN? WAIT A MINUTE RAYMOND, I DON'T WANT TO CARRY A GUN! I'M AFRAID OF GUNS!"
Raymond grabs Kathy by the shoulders and shoves her as he angrily shouts, "LISTEN KATHY DO YOU WANT DANA TO COME CHOKE YOU TO DEATH LIKE SHE DID ROSE? HUH? NOW SHE TRIED TO CHOKE YOU TO DEATH BEFORE! DO YOU WANT HER TO SUCCEED THIS TIME? HUH? NOW DANA ALREADY KILLED ROSE AND SHE'S PROBABLY THE ONE WHO KILLED SANDRA! DO YOU WANT HER TO COME KILL YOU TOO? HUH?"
"NO! OF COURSE NOT! WHY CAN'T I JUST GO TO COURT AND GET AN ORDER OF PROTECTION?"
"ORDER OF PROTECTION? ORDERS OF PROTECTION DON'T ALWAYS WORK! I HEAR PLENTY OF PEOPLE STILL GET MURDERED AND KILLED WHILE THEY HAVE ORDERS OF PROTECTION! LISTEN KATHY, YOU CAN TRY TO GET AN ORDER OF PROTECTION, BUT I STILL WANT YOU TO CARRY A GUN TO PROTECT YOURSELF! KATHY, I DON'T WANT YOU TO SHOOT DANA, BELIEVE ME I DON'T! BUT IF YOU EVER HAVE TO SHOOT HER AND YOU GET CAUGHT, JUST TELL THE POLICE AND THE COURTS THAT IT WAS SELF-DEFENSE AND THAT YOUR LIFE WAS IN DANGER! THE COURTS CANNOT HOLD YOU ACCOUNTABLE FOR TRYING TO SAVE YOUR OWN LIFE!"
"OH RAYMOND! WHY CAN'T I JUST MAKE SURE THAT I'M AROUND A CROWD OF PEOPLE, YOU KNOW, LIKE A BUSY STREET OR SOMETHING?"
"A CROWD OF PEOPLE?! A CROWD OF PEOPLE WEREN'T ABLE TO SAVE ROSE! DANA WAS STILL ABLE TO CHOKE THE LIFE OUT OF ROSE, EVEN THOUGH THERE WAS A BIG CROWD OF PEOPLE THERE! DANA TOOK ROSE'S LIFE RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE CROWD OF PEOPLE! I HEARD THERE WERE AROUND 50 OR MORE PEOPLE THERE AT THAT FIGHT, TRYING TO PULL DANA'S TIGHT GRIP FROM AROUND ROSE'S NECK, BUT THEY ALL HAD A HARD TIME DOING THAT! I EVEN HEARD THE CROWD OF PEOPLE WAS TRYING TO PULL DANA'S TIGHT GRIP FROM AROUND YOUR NECK, BUT THEY HAD A HARD TIME WITH THAT TOO!  I EVEN HEARD A FEW MEN TRIED TO BODY SLAM DANA RIGHT OFF OF YOU AND OFF OF ROSE, THEN THEY WOUND UP HURT AND PUT INTO THE HOSPITAL WITH BROKEN BONES! I EVEN HEARD ONE OF THOSE GUYS LOST AN EYE WHEN HE BANGED HIS FACE INTO DANA'S ELBOW, TRYING TO SAVE YOU AND ROSE FROM DANA'S TIGHT GRIP, BUT HE STILL FAILED! THEY ALL FAILED TRYING TO SAVE YOU AND ROSE FROM DANA'S GRIP!  YOU STILL WOUND UP BLUE IN THE FACE AND UNCONSCIOUS AND ROSE STILL WOUND UP DEAD, EVEN THOUGH THERE WAS A BIG CROWD OF PEOPLE THERE! EVEN THOUGH THE CROWD OF PEOPLE GRABBED AND BEAT ON DANA TO GET HER HANDS FROM AROUND YOUR NECK AND ROSE’S NECK, DANA NEVER BUDGED!  SHE WAS WILLING TO TAKE THE BEATING FROM THE CROWD BECAUSE SHE WAS THAT DETERMINED TO CHOKE YOU AND CHOKE ROSE!  KATHY, IF YOU WERE WALKING DOWN A VERY CROWDED BUSY STREET RIGHT NOW AND DANA DECIDES TO COME RIGHT UP TO YOU TO CHOKE YOU TO DEATH, I THINK SHE STILL WOULD BE ABLE TO DO SO, RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE CROWD OF PEOPLE! SO KATHY, I DON'T THINK A CROWD OF PEOPLE IS GOING TO BE ABLE TO SAVE YOU FROM DANA'S TIGHT GRIP, EVEN IF THEY TRY! JUST LIKE A CROWD OF PEOPLE WEREN'T ABLE TO SAVE ROSE FROM DANA'S TIGHT GRIP, EVEN THOUGH THEY TRIED! ROSE STILL WOUND UP DEAD! SHE STILL WOUND UP 6 FEET UNDER, AND NOW SANDRA IS DEAD, AND WE DON'T KNOW WHO KILLED HER! IT COULD HAVE BEEN ANY­BODY, BUT WE DON'T WANT TO TAKE ANY CHANCES!"
"OH RAYMOND, WHY DIDN'T THE HELL THEY JUST KEEP DANA IN PRISON? WHY DID THEY HAVE TO LET HER OUT SO SOON?"
"BECAUSE FIRST OF ALL, DANA'S FAMILY HIRED A COUPLE OF PRIVATE LAWYERS FOR HER! SECOND OF ALL, SHE TOOK A PLEA BARGAIN AND SHE DIDN'T HAVE TO SERVE TOO MUCH TIME! OH KATHY NONE OF THIS WOULD HAVE HAPPENED IN THE FIRST PLACE IF YOU WOULD HAVE JUST LEFT MISSY ALOOONE!"
"WHAT?"
Raymond tearfully shouts, "YOU SHOULD HAVE NEVER BOTHERED MISSY, KATHY! I TOLD YOU BEFORE THAT THERE WAS NOTHING GOING ON BETWEEN ME AND MISSY! SHE EVEN TOLD YOU THAT THERE WAS NOTHING GOING ON BETWEEN ME AND HER, BUT YOU WEREN'T SATISFIED! YOU DECIDED THAT YOU WANTED TO FIGHT MISSY!  YOU DECIDED THAT YOU WANTED TO BRING ROSE, SANDRA AND DEREK INTO IT! YOU ALL DECIDED TO GANG UP ON MISSY! YOU ALL DECIDED TO BEAT ON HER PRETTY BAD AND PUT A BRUISE ON HER FACE AND NOW YOU GOT HER VIOLENT TEMPERED SISTER STILL AFTER YOU! WHERE'RE YOUR FRIENDS AT NOW WHEN YOU REALLY NEED THEM? ROSE IS DEAD! SANDRA IS DEAD TOO! WE DON'T KNOW WHAT IN THE WORLD HAPPENED TO DEREK! HE PROBABLY SKIPPED TOWN SOME­WHERE! SEE WHAT'S HAPPENING RIGHT NOW KATHY? YOU KEPT SEEING MISSY AS A THREAT, YOU KEPT SEEING HER AS A THREAT, BUT OBVIOUSLY, MISSY IS NOT THE ONE THAT'S A THREAT! WE BOTH SEE WHO THE REAL THREAT IS NOW! LISTEN KATHY, MISSY IS NOT A BAD PERSON! SHE WOULDN'T HAVE DONE YOU OR ANYBODY ELSE ANY HARM! IT'S HER SISTER DANA THE ONE THAT YOU HAVE TO WATCH OUT FOR!"
"BUT RAYMOND WHY IS DANA STILL AFTER ME? I'M NOT BOTHERING MISSY ANYMORE!"
"KATHY YOU MIGHT NOT BE BOTHERING MISSY ANY­MORE, BUT THAT STILL DOESN'T CHANGE THE FACT THAT HER SISTER DANA WAS SENT TO PRISON! DANA IS THE ONE WHO WAS SENT TO PRISON BEHIND EVERY­THING! NEITHER YOU OR YOUR BUDDIES WERE SENT TO PRISON, EVEN THOUGH YOU ALL WERE THE ONES WHO . STARTED EVERYTHING BY GOING AND GANGING UP ON MISSY! YOU AND YOUR BUDDIES WENT OUT AND GANGED UP ON MISSY! YOU ALL BEATED ON HER PRET­TY BAD AND PUT A BRUISE ON HER FACE, BUT WHO WOUND UP IN PRISON IN THE LONG RUN, HUH? HER SIS­TER DANA! DANA IS THE ONE WHO HAD TO DO THE TIME AFTER WHAT YOU AND YOUR BUDDIES DID TO HER SIS­TER AND SHE'S PROBABLY FURIOUS ABOUT THAT! DANA IS PROBABLY ANGRY THAT SHE'S THE ONE WHO WAS SENT TO PRISON INSTEAD OF YOU AND YOUR BUDDIES EVEN THOUGH YOU ALL WERE THE ONES WHO STARTED EVERYTHING! DANA IS PROBABLY ANGRY THAT SHE WAS SENT TO PRISON TRYING TO PROTECT HER OWN SISTER FROM YOU AND YOUR BUDDIES! SHE PROBABLY BLAMES YOU FOR HERSELF BEING LOCKED UP IN PRISON AND THINKS THAT IT WAS YOUR FAULT THAT SHE WAS SENT TO PRISON IN THE FIRST PLACE! SHE MIGHT NEVER FOR­GET ABOUT THAT! I HEAR SOME PEOPLE BECOME REAL BITTER WHEN THEY GET OUT OF PRISON KATHY! I HEAR THEY BECOME VENGEFUL TOO! DANA WAS PROBABLY THINKING ABOUT YOU THE WHOLE ENTIRE TIME SHE WAS SITTING IN PRISON! SHE'S PROBABLY THINKING TO HERSELF THAT IF YOU HADN'T BOTHERED HER SISTER IN THE FIRST PLACE, SHE WOULDN'T BE WHERE SHE'S AT RIGHT NOW, BEING ON PROBATION, DOING COMMUNITY SERVICES FOR A YEAR! SHE'S NOT HAPPY WITH THAT KATHY! DANA WOULD HAVE NEVER ATTACKED YOU OR YOUR BUDDIES IF YOU ALL HAD NEVER ATTACKED OR BOTHERED HER SISTER MISSY IN THE FIRST PLACE! I HEAR THAT DANA IS VERY PROTECTIVE OF HER SISTERS! MISSY TELLS ME THAT A LOT OF TIMES SHE'S AFRAID TO TELL DANA ANYTHING BAD OR WRONG THAT HAPPENS TO HERSELF OR HER OTHER THREE SISTERS BECAUSE SHE KNOWS HOW DANA IS GONNA REACT! SHE KNOWS THAT DANA IS GONNA REACT WITH VIOLENCE!" Raymond calmly says, "You know Kathy, Missy had told me one thing that she said she never told anybody else before, but she told me that her sis­ter Dana scares the daylights out of her! Missy tells me that she and her other three sisters had feared Dana all their lives, ever since they were small kids. Missy tells me that they all still fear Dana to this day!"
"Oh yeah? Why?"
"I don't know why! Missy never told me why! She just tells me that Dana scares her and her other sisters! You know Missy had told me stories before about her sister Dana! One time Missy told me that Dana had went after some guy, fought him real viciously, broke his jaw in three places and broke his arm in two places after she heard that the guy tried to molest one of their triplet sisters! Dana would have never fought the guy or brake his jaw and arm if he had never tried to molest her sister! Missy tells me that Dana would jump into a fire for her sisters! Missy told me that one time there was a fire in their home town, down in Jamaica several years ago! Her three triplet sisters were at some party down there. A few hours later, a fire broke out at the place the party was held in! People started run­ning out of the place like crazy, but there was still a few people trapped inside.  Everyone had thought that one of the people who was still trapped in the fire was Londa, one of the triplets. Missy told me that Dana had come down to the place when she heard that one of the triplets was trapped in the fire! Missy told me that Dana had started going crazy and was about to go right into the burning place to save her sister. Missy told me that she and the whole crowd were trying to pull Dana back to keep her from going into the burning place but Dana was so determined to go into the burning place to save her sister! Missy then said that the fire had started getting out of control! She told me that she and everyone else in the crowd were trying with all their might to keep Dana away from the burning place, but Dana was so strong, that she kept getting closer and clos­er to the place. Everyone then realized that Londa wasn't in the fire and that she had made it outside safely! Missy then told me that everyone started trying to convince Dana that Londa had made it outside safely and that Londa wasn't in the fire! They showed Dana that Londa had made it outside safely! They brought Londa right in Dana's face so that Dana could see her, but Missy told me that Dana still wasn't satisfied! Missy told me that Dana had to see all three identical triplets' faces together at the same time, to be convinced that none of them were in the fire! Missy told me that everyone in the crowd went to look for the other two triplets, but couldn't find them because there was such a big crowd of people there, that it was hard to find anybody that was missing! Everyone was so desperate and determined to find the other two triplets as Dana continued to go towards the fire! Missy told me that the people in the crowd finally found one of the other triplets and brought her over to Dana, but the third triplet was still missing somewhere in the crowd. After a few minutes, people finally found the third triplet and brought her over to Dana also! Missy then told me that everyone in the crowd had to put all three identical faces together so that Dana could see all three of their faces at once, to convince her that none of them were in the fire! And Missy told me when Dana saw all three identical faces there together, everyone said a miracle happened! They said a smile finally came on Dana's face! Everyone thought it was a miracle that she smiled because everyone say that a smile is hardly ever seen on Dana's face! I heard that Dana grabbed all three triplets and started hugging and holding on to them very tightly and would not let go of them!"
"Damn! I wish I had known all of that before!"
"Yeah, and I wish I would have told you all of this before Kathy, but I didn't think that it would have come to all of this! I wish I would have told you before, but I think it's a little too late right now. You see Kathy, you might not think that Dana should still be after you because you're not bothering Missy anymore, or that the fight you had with Missy was over two years ago. You're not bothering Missy anymore so therefore, you think that it's all over and done with, right? But in Dana's mind, it is not over! She probably could­n't wait to get out of prison just so she could come back after you!"
Kathy stares frighteningly at Raymond. Raymond then turns and walks away.
Several minutes later, the doorbell rings. Raymond goes to answer it. Two policemen are at the door. Raymond lets them in. They ask Raymond and Kathy what the problem is. Kathy tearfully and nervously tells the police, "A woman named Dana is following me again. She had followed me before a couple of months ago and now she's following me again. I first spotted her following me out­side my mother's place around two miles away, which was a couple of months ago, and now she is following me again over here, where my boyfriend lives. I spotted her outside a little while ago when I had got off the bus. I had made a report of it before when I spotted her following me near my mother's place around two miles away."
"Do you have a description of this person, or do you know or remember what they were wearing?"
"I remember her wearing a dark brown leather jacket. That's the main thing I can remember." Kathy continues to give the police all the information about Dana and being followed.
The police tell Kathy, "Okay Miss, we will watch out for the area. Do you need to be escorted home?"
"Yes."
"You should go to court to get an order of protection because if the perpetrator comes within a certain feet of you, they could be arrested."
"Okay. I will go to court to get an order of protection as soon as possible."
The police then escort Kathy home.
Kathy soon arrives home and tells her mother Julie of what hap­pened when she went to Raymond's apartment. Julie becomes hysterical and shouts, "OH MY GOD KATHY, ARE YOU ALRIGHT?"
"Yeah Ma, I'm alright! I'm just shook up that's all! Raymond had called the police! Then the police came by his apartment to make a report! They had brought me home! They suggest that I should go to court to get an order of protection just in case the per­petrator comes within a certain feet of me, they can be arrested! Ma, I'm going to go to court to get an order of protection!"
"Yeah I think you should Kathy! When do you think you'll be able to go to court to get this order of protection?"
"I'm not sure yet Ma! But as soon as possible!"
"Okay Kathy! Just let me know when you're going to be able to go! I'll go with you!"
"Oh thanks Ma."
"No problem Kathy." Julie and Kathy frighteningly put their arms around each other. They hold each other very tightly. Julie agrees to go along with Kathy, fearing for Kathy's life.
Several minutes later, Kathy calls up Raymond on the telephone. Raymond picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hi Raymond. It's me Kathy."
"Oh hi Kathy!"
"Hi. How are you?"
"The question is, how are you? So you made it home safe, huh?" 
"Yeah. The police had walked me all the way to my apartment door."
"Oh that's good! I'm glad you made it home safe!"
"Yeah me too! Listen Raymond? Could you speak with Missy again when you see her tomorrow? Tell Missy that I spotted her sis­ter Dana following me again! Tell Missy that I spotted her sister Dana following me as soon as I got off the bus and that this time, it was near your place! Tell Missy that I spotted Dana walking towards my direction real slow right on the next block! Tell Missy that it was still daylight outside and I was able to see Dana's face this time! Tell Missy that it looked like Dana was looking right at me! Tell Missy that it looked like Dana was about to follow me when I got off the bus, but then Dana stopped when she noticed that I saw her! Tell Missy that I also saw Dana wearing a dark brown leather jacket too! Ask Missy to try to find out if her sister Dana will admit that she was following me again? Tell Missy that if Dana denies following me again this time, I know that she's lying and she might have been lying the first time when I spotted a person that kind of looked like her following me near me and my mom's place."
"Okay Kathy. I will speak to Missy again in the morning when I see her."
"Thanks Raymond."
"Okay. Remember Kathy, be careful! I'll see you later." 
"Okay Raymond. Bye."
"Bye." Raymond hangs up the phone and stares frighteningly into space.
The next morning, Raymond is walking inside the school hallway. He gives a swift walk as he wears his long dark blue smock. He sees Missy in the hallway and approaches her. He starts to tell Missy about Kathy's frightening situation again and says, "Missy, Kathy had spotted your sister Dana following her again!"
Missy becomes shocked and stunned as she holds her hand over her mouth.
"Yeah! Kathy had spotted your sister Dana following her as soon as she got off the city bus yesterday! This time, it was near my place! Kathy said that she spotted Dana coming towards her direction real slow right on the next block! It was still daylight outside and Kathy said she was able to see Dana's face! She said it looked like Dana was looking right at her! She had described the kind of jacket that Dana was wearing! She said that Dana was wearing a dark brown leather jacket!"
Missy shockingly puts her hand over her mouth again!
"Kathy said that it appeared as though if Dana was about to fol­low her! Then she said that Dana had stopped when she noticed that Kathy saw her!"
Missy is shocked and stunned again! She gets hysterical and says, "Now Raymond, I never told Dana where you live, so don't even THINK of asking me have I ever told Dana where you live, because I don't know where you live!"
"I was not going to ask you that! I know you never told Dana where I live and I know that you don't know where I live! I figured that your sister might have found out on her own somehow! Missy, could you speak with your sister Dana again? Find out if she was following Kathy yesterday? See if your sister Dana will admit to fol­lowing Kathy? Tell your sister Dana that Kathy claimed she had seen her face this time and said it looked like Dana was looking right at her! Tell your sister Dana that Kathy had described the dark brown leather jacket she was wearing! Could you find out for me, please?"
"Okay Raymond. I will speak to Dana again tonight."
"Oh thanks Missy! I really appreciate this. Listen, I'll see you later, okay? I got to get ready to head to the office!"
"Okay Raymond. See you later."
"Okay." Raymond then hurries off and leaves.
Missy stares nervously into space. Then she turns around and walks away.
Later on that same evening, Raymond is at home. The phone rings. He picks it up and says, "Hello?"
Kathy on the other end of the phone says, "Hi Raymond! It's me Kathy! Well, did you speak to Missy about what happened to me? How did it go?"
"I spoke to Missy about what happened to you and she was very shocked! I told Missy that you had spotted Dana following you again. I told Missy that this time it was near my place. I told her that it was still daylight outside and you had seen Dana's face this time! I told Missy that you said it looked like Dana was looking right at you! I also told Missy the dark brown leather jacket you had described Dana wearing! I told Missy that you said it looked like Dana was about to follow you when you had got off the bus, but then Dana stopped when she noticed that you saw her! Missy says that she will mention everything to Dana and ask her about it tonight."
"Oh good! Thanks a lot Raymond! I really appreciate this!"
"No problem Kathy."
"Okay Raymond, I'm gonna get ready to take a shower now. I'll keep in touch." 
"Okay Kathy."
"I'll see you later Raymond. I love you." 
"I love you too Kathy. That's why I want you to be careful." 
Kathy sadly stares into space. She then says, "I'll be careful Raymond."
"Now that's what I want to hear. Okay Kathy, I'll talk to you later."
"Okay Raymond. Bye now."
"Bye." Raymond hangs up the telephone.
The next morning, Raymond is inside the school. He is wearing his long blue smock again. He gives a swift walk through the school corridor. He sees Missy walking inside the school. She does not appear happy. Raymond approaches Missy and pulls her to the side. She does not look pleased. Raymond asks, "Are you okay Missy? You don't look too happy! What's wrong? Did you speak to your sister Dana about what I said happened to Kathy?"
Missy's eyes become filled with tears as she angrily shouts, "YES! I DID SPEAK TO DANA ABOUT WHAT YOU SAID HAP­PENED TO KATHY! I TOLD DANA THAT KATHY HAD CLAIMED SHE HAD SEEN HER FOLLOWING HER AGAIN, AND THAT THIS TIME IT WAS NEAR YOUR PLACE! I TOLD DANA THAT KATHY HAD SAID SHE SAW HER RIGHT ON THE NEXT BLOCK, WALKING TOWARDS HER DIRECTION REAL SLOW! I TOLD DANA THAT KATHY SAID IT WAS STILL DAYLIGHT OUTSIDE AND THAT KATHY WAS ABLE TO SEE HER FACE THIS TIME! I TOLD DANA THAT KATHY SAID IT LOOKED LIKE SHE WAS LOOKING RIGHT AT HER! I TOLD DANA KATHY HAD DESCRIBED THE DARK BROWN LEATHER JACKET THAT SHE WAS WEARING! I TOLD DANA THAT KATHY SAID IT LOOKED LIKE SHE WAS ABOUT TO FOLLOW HER WHEN SHE GOT OFF THE CITY BUS THE OTHER DAY! I TOLD DANA ABOUT EVERYTHING WHEN SHE CAME BY MY GRANDPARENTS' HOUSE LAST NIGHT AND ASKED HER ABOUT EVERYTHING AND SHE GOT ANGRY WITH ME! SHE STARTED BLOWING UP AT ME RAY­MOND! SHE TOLD ME NOT TO BOTHER HER ANYMORE WITH WHAT YOU AND KATHY WANT TO KNOW AND NOT TO EVER QUESTION HER ABOUT ANYTHING LIKE THAT EVER AGAIN! SHE GOT PRETTY ANGRY WITH ME LAST NIGHT RAYMOND! SHE STARTED GOING AROUND MY GRANDPARENTS' HOUSE BANGING AND SLAMMING THE DOORS AND EVERYTHING! I MEAN SHE HAD BANGED AND SLAMMED THE DOORS SO HARD THAT ONE OF THE DOORS BROKE RIGHT OFF ITS HINGES AND FELL RIGHT ON THE FLOOR! SHE ACTUALLY BROKE THE DOOR DOWN RAYMOND!" Raymond becomes shocked and stunned as Missy continues, "SOMEBODY IN MY FAMILY COULD HAVE GOT­TEN HURT! MY FATHER, MY BROTHERS AND MY UNCLES HAD TO WIND UP TRYING TO FIX THE DOOR AND THE HINGES, BUT THEY COULDN'T! THE DOOR AND THE HINGES WERE DAMAGED! NOW MY FAMILY HAVE TO WIND UP OREDERING A NEW DOOR AND A NEW SET OF HINGES! THEN MY GRANDFATHER AND MY WHOLE ENTIRE FAMILY STARTED JUMPING DOWN MY THROAT, ASKING ME WHY AM I GETTING DANA UPSET, WHY AM I GETTING DANA UPSET!  THEY WERE ALL GOING AROUND THE HOUSE SAYING 'WE DON'T NEED DANA BEING UPSET RIGHT NOW, WE DON'T NEED DANA BEING UPSET!' THEY ALL TOLD ME THAT SINCE I'M THE ONE WHO CAUSED DANA TO GET ANGRY AND UPSET, I SHOULD PAY FOR THE NEW DOOR AND HINGES!" Raymond stunned looks at Missy as Missy calmly continues, "Listen Raymond, if you or Kathy want to know anything else about whether Dana is following Kathy or not, then I'm afraid that you two are just going to have to ask Dana yourselves! I'm sorry Raymond!" Missy then hurries away sobbing! Raymond watches her stunned and worried!
Later on that evening, Raymond comes by Kathy's apartment. Kathy lets him in. She says, "Hey Raymond. What's going on?"
"Listen Kathy, I spoke to Missy at the school this morning. Missy said she had tried to get through to Dana last night. She said that she had mentioned everything to Dana about her following you and that you had seen her face this time! Missy told Dana that you had seen her wearing a dark brown leather jacket! Missy said she asked Dana about everything last night, but she didn't succeed. Missy said that Dana did not admit anything to her, but instead, Dana got very angry and blew up at her! Missy was very upset in the school this morning, Kathy! Listen Kathy, even though you said you saw Dana following you with your very own two eyes, and that you had seen her face with your very own two eyes, and I believe you saw her, she is not going to admit to anything. Dana is not going to admit to anybody that she was standing around waiting for you or following you! But what person would? Kathy, I don't mean to scare you or anything like that, but if a person wants to get somebody, or is after somebody, it is not something that they're going to let every­one know about! Not even their family! It's something that they're going to keep strictly to themselves!"
Kathy frighteningly stares at Raymond.
The next morning, Missy is walking down the school corridor with a small dark skinned female student. She frustratingly holds on to the student's hand as the student angrily tries to pull away from her. Missy points her other finger at the little girl and angrily tells her, "I'm going to call up your mother and tell her about your behav­ior!"
Missy then hears someone shouting her name, "MISSY!" Missy stops and turns around. She sees Kathy approaching her.  She is stunned to find Kathy inside the school calling her. Missy tells the small student, "Wait on the side."
The little girl goes to the side. Kathy starts to talk to Missy. She starts telling Missy everything about herself being followed by Dana. Kathy tearfully asks, "Missy, is your sister Dana ever gonna forgive me or forget about what happened to you with that fight? Missy, I know I was wrong for jumping and ganging up on you and everything, but I can't erase what happened! I can't erase what I've done! All I can say is that I'm real sorry for what I've done to you! Could you ever forgive me for what happened? Could you?"
"Yeah. I guess so."
Kathy sighs and says, "Oh thanks a lot Missy. Well could you tell your sister Dana that I'm sorry! Tell Dana that I'm sorry for everything I've done! Tell your sister Dana I'm sorry that she was sent to prison for something me and my buddies had started and did! Tell her that you've forgiven me! Maybe she will too! Could you please tell her that?"
"No Kathy. I'm sorry," Missy says. Kathy tries to grab Missy as Missy backs up and shouts, "I CAN'T! I CAN'T MENTION ANY­THING TO DANA ABOUT YOUR SITUATION ANYMORE! SHE ALREADY BLEW UP AND GOT VERY ANGRY WITH ME THE SECOND TIME I HAD MENTIONED YOUR NAME TO HER! SHE BLEW UP AT ME WHEN I QUESTIONED HER ABOUT YOU SEEING HER FOLLOWING YOU AND EVERY­THING, THEN SHE CAME RIGHT UP TO ME, LOOKED ME STRAIGHT EST THE EYE AND TOLD ME DON'T EVER BRING UP YOUR NAME TO HER AGAIN! IT'S NOTHING I CAN REALLY SAY TO DANA ABOUT YOUR SITUATION ANY­MORE KATHY!"
"OH COME ON MISSY! EVERY TIME I COME AND GO, I GOT TO WATCH MY BACK AND LOOK OVER MY SHOUL­DERS TO SEE IF YOUR SISTER DANA IS STANDING AROUND WAITING FOR ME OR FOLLOWING ME! IT'S NOT COMFORTABLE TO LIVE LIKE THAT MISSY! ESPECIALLY KNOWING THAT TWO FRIENDS OF MINE ARE ALREADY DEAD! IT'S JUST NOT COMFORTABLE TO LIVE LIKE THAT!"
"It's really nothing I can say or do anymore Kathy! Do you want to try apologizing to Dana yourself?"
"NO! I DON'T WANT TO COME ANYWHERE NEAR YOUR SISTER!"
"No? Well would you like to speak to her on the telephone?" 
"NO! NEVER MIND! FORGET IT! I'LL JUST DO WHAT I GOT TO DO THEN!" 
"What do you mean?"
"You'll see! You'll see!" Kathy turns and hurries off! Missy stares at Kathy stunned and worried! Missy then goes to take the small stu­dent's hand and walks away with the child, looking back towards Kathy worriedly!
Later on that evening, Raymond comes by Kathy's apartment. He has a box in his hands. Kathy lets him inside. She is crying, sob­bing and worrying! Raymond asks her, "What's wrong Kathy? What happened?"
"I WENT TO THE SCHOOL THIS MORNING TO SPEAK WITH MISSY! I TOLD MISSY TO TELL DANA THAT I AM SORRY FOR WHAT I'VE DONE! I TOLD MISSY TO TELL DANA THAT I'M SORRY THAT SHE WAS SENT TO PRISON AND EVERYTHING! I TOLD MISSY TO TELL DANA THAT I'M SORRY SO THAT DANA COULD STOP FOLLOWING ME, BUT MISSY SAYS THAT SHE WILL NOT SPEAK TO DANA ANYMORE ABOUT ME OR THE SUBJECT! SHE TOLD ME THAT DANA HAD GOTTEN VERY ANGRY WITH HER AND TOLD HER NOT TO EVER BRING UP MY NAME TO HER AGAIN! MISSY TOLD ME THAT SHE'S NOT GOING TO MEN­TION ANYTHING TO DANA ABOUT ME APOLOGIZING OR ANYTHING! SHE SAYS SHE'S NOT GOING TO MENTION ANYTHING ELSE TO DANAABOUT ME AT ALL!" Kathy starts to cry uncontrollably!
"Kathy, listen to me! You got to realize something! Missy fears Dana too!" Kathy stunned looks at Raymond as he continues, "She and her other three sisters fear Dana! They don't like to push Dana's button Kathy! They don't like to get Dana upset! They know that Dana has a violent temper! They all know that!"
"Yeah?"
"Yes!"
"Well that's why I decided to go to court to get an order of protection!" 
"What!"
"That's right! The first thing I'm gonna do tomorrow morning is go down to the court building so I can get an order of protection to get this mad angry woman off my back and to leave me alone!"
"Oh yeah?" 
"YES!"
"Alright then Kathy, you do that." Raymond then looks around and asks, "Is your mother home yet?" 
"No. Why?"
Raymond sits Kathy down on a chair. He kneels down in front of Kathy and says, "Because I brought something over here for you to carry." He puts the box that he is carrying on Kathy's lap. He opens up the box and shows Kathy a gun! Kathy gasps! She becomes hysterical! She is frightened of the gun! She shouts, "GET THAT THING AWAY FROM ME! I DON'T WANT TO CARRY THAT THING," as she throws the box with the gun in it aside! The box and the gun land on the floor! Kathy and Raymond stare wide eyed at the gun, hoping that it won't go off!
Raymond then shouts, "YOU KNOW KATHY THAT GUN COULD HAVE BEEN LOADED! IT COULD HAVE WENT OFF!" Raymond then sighs, "Thank God it wasn't loaded!"
Raymond and Kathy take a few deep breaths. Raymond goes to pick up the gun and puts it back inside the box. He closes the box back up. He kneels back down in front of Kathy. He lays the box with the gun in it on the other side of the floor near Kathy. He takes another few deep breaths. He gives a firm look at Kathy and says, "Now listen to me Kathy, and listen to me very carefully, alright? Now, you said that you saw Dana following you a couple of times before, right? Okay. You said that you saw Dana following you here which is where you live, and then you said that you saw her follow­ing you near where I live, which are both two miles apart, right? And she lives several miles away from both of us! Do you know what that means? That means that Dana is following you for a reason." Kathy shockingly looks at Raymond as Raymond quickly says, "I don't think she's following you for nothing! Kathy what do you think Dana's following you for? You think she's following you because she likes to look at you, or because she likes the sight of you? You think Dana is following you to ask you for a friendly date, or a social visit? No! Dana is following you because she has some­thing else in mind! Now Kathy, when you had decided to go gang and beat up on Missy, and bring Rose, Sandra and Derek into it, they all agreed to it, right? Okay. They all agreed to go along with you to gang up on Missy, to beat her up pretty bad and to put a bruise on her face, but Rose and Sandra already paid the price for going along and agreeing with you! Dana already choked Rose to death! Sandra is already found murdered! Do you know what that means? That means that Dana is capable of murder! You know Kathy you kept worrying about Missy hanging around me, being friends with me and all. You kept seeing Missy as a threat so you decided to go out and attack Missy with a group of your friends, but Kathy, you're not dealing with Missy anymore! You're dealing with a totally different person now! A person with a totally different personality! You're dealing with a person that will kill!" Kathy frighteningly looks at Raymond as Raymond continues, "You're dealing with a person that will kill or murder other people out of revenge or anger! You're deal­ing with a person that is capable of killing people out of revenge and anger and will think nothing of it! And I have a strong feeling, that Missy knows it also! Now Dana could have murdered other people that nobody else knows about! Dana seems to be a very dangerous individual if she is provoked! I don't mean she goes out and just picks people or anybody out of random and starts to harm them or anything like that, but, if a person harms her or anyone else in her family, especially any of her sisters, Dana will come after that per­son with violence! Most times deadly violence! I hear she fights like a one-woman army! I think she's worst than her brothers! I think she's worst than all three of her brothers put together! Now nobody knows who could have murdered Sandra because the police still don't have any witnesses nor any evidence, but, whoever had fol­lowed Sandra to her apartment door, or whoever had waited around for her to come home, or whoever could have snuck up behind her, ambushed her over the head and killed her, I have a very strong feel­ing, deep down inside of me, that it's the same individual that you see following you! Now Kathy the police cannot protect you all the time! They cannot watch over you and guard over you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week! They'll make a few rounds around the neigh­borhood every so often, but Kathy, there are going to be times when you have to be alone! And I think that's what Dana is waiting for! I think that she is waiting for you to be alone because she does not want any witnesses around! Now there might had been fifty or more witnesses around when Dana had choked Rose to death! Dana might have killed Rose openly, but, she is going to make sure that there are no witnesses around this time, just like there were no witnesses around when Sandra was murdered. Now Kathy, you're gonna have to decide, which one are you more afraid of, a gun, or her. You decide." Raymond then stands up. He starts to walk away. 
"OKAY," Kathy frighteningly shouts!
Raymond turns around and looks at Kathy. Kathy says in a low nervous voice, "I'll carry the gun." 
"You will?" 
"Yes! I'll carry it!"
Raymond becomes relieved to hear that. He goes to take the gun out of the box. Kathy frighteningly looks at it. Raymond puts the gun inside a pouch. He bends back down in front of Kathy and tells her, "Now listen to me Kathy, and listen to me good, alright? Now, I want you to be very, very careful with this gun, okay? This is not a toy, this is not something to glamorize. This is a very dangerous weapon, okay? This is only to be used to protect yourself, alright? Only use it when it is absolutely and I mean ABSOLUTELY neces­sary, alright? Only use it when it is a matter of life or death! Be very careful with it. Don't let anybody or anyone know that you are car­rying this gun! Don't even let your mother know that you have this gun, okay? Let only you and I know that you are carrying a gun or that you are armed, okay? Keep it very hidden inside your clothes. Have it in a way that you can easily grab for it just in case you see that your life is in danger or is about to flash in front of your eyes, alright?"
"Alright Raymond. Well what about you? What are you going to carry? Aren't you going to carry some kind of protection too?"
"Me? Kathy, I don't know if Dana is after me! I'm not the one who ganged up and beat up on Missy! Like I said before Kathy, Dana does not go out and starts picking people or anybody out of random and starts harming them! You have to harm her or any of her loved ones in order for her to come after you! I guess in Dana's mind, if you harm or hurt anyone in her family, you're harming and hurting her! I've never harmed Missy or anyone in their family." Raymond then stands back up. He starts to walk away. Kathy's teary eyes frighteningly stare at him.










Chapter 14

Kathy Gets An Order of Protection

Kathy's family goes to court again to file charges against Dana and Missy's family again! They go to get an order of protection! The courts give Kathy's family a date to appear in court. They have to return to court on that date. Dana and Missy's family is summoned to appear in court again. They are all summoned to that same date.
When the court date arrives, Dana's family and friends are all there inside the courtroom. Missy is sitting inside the courtroom near her grandparents, her brothers and sisters, their aunts and uncles and the rest of the family and relatives. Tony, Diane D, Michael, Joseph and Teresa are also inside the courtroom. Kathy, Raymond and Julie are out in the hallway speaking to Lucille Waters, a dark-haired white female D.A. Lucille advises Kathy what to say. She tells Kathy, "Now you have to tell the judge how dangerous this individual Dana is, alright? Tell the judge that you want an order of protection against Dana Brown. Tell the judge that you had spotted Dana Brown following you a couple of times before. One time near your place, another time near your boyfriend Raymond's place. Tell the judge that Dana does not live anywhere near you or your boyfriend Raymond, yet you spotted her near both of your places. Tell the judge that you think Dana is still furious about what hap­pened to her sister Missy over a couple of years ago. Tell the judge that you think Dana is still furious about herself being sent to prison for it.  Tell the judge that you feel Dana is a very vengeful person. Tell the judge that you feel that Dana is a very dangerous individual and that she might really succeed in harming or killing you one day and that you fear for your life!"
Kathy is kind of leery about what she has to say. She is fright­ened and nervous as she asks, "Do I have to say all of that? Especially right in front of Dana?"
"Yes! You have to say all these things to the judge, Kathy! You have to say all these things in order to get an order of protection against Dana! The order of protection has to be reasonable in order to get it!"
Kathy nervously stands there for a while. She then walks away. She nervously walks towards the courtroom with Raymond, Julie and Lucille following right behind her. When Kathy enters the court­room, she looks towards the front of the courtroom and sees Dana sitting in front of the courtroom between her lawyers.
The court starts to begin. Kathy nervously starts to tell the courts about her frightening situation! She tells the courts, "I want to get an order of protection against Dana Brown. I had spotted Dana Brown following me a couple of times before. One time near me and my mother's place, another time near my boyfriend Raymond's place. Dana does not live anywhere near me or my boyfriend Raymond, but yet I spotted her at both places. I think that Dana is still furious about what happened to her sister Missy over a couple of years ago. I think that Dana is still furious about herself being sent to prison for it! I feel that Dana is a very vengeful person! I feel that she is a very dangerous individual and she might really succeed in harming or killing me one day! I fear for my life!"
The courts issue an order of protection against Dana. She is not allowed within 300 feet of Kathy. Dana becomes very furious about that order! She loses her temper! Her family and her lawyers start to surround her as she leaps up from her chair and shouts to the judge, "KATHY IS THE ONE WHO STARTED EVERYTHING BY HARRASING AND ATTACKING MY SISTER MISSY IN THE FIRST PLACE! KATHY IS THE ONE WHO STARTED EVERY­THING BY ATTACKING MY SISTER MISSY WITH A GROUP OF HER FRIENDS! THEY BEATED ON MY SISTER REAL BAD AND PUT A BRUISE ON HER FACE AND THEN I'M THE ONE WHO WAS SENT TO PRISON FOR IT WHEN THEY WERE THE ONES WHO STARTED EVERYTHING!"
Dana's family is outrage! They try to file harassment charges back against Kathy for harassing Missy in the past, which caused Dana's assaults in the first place! The courts say that they had already charged Kathy before when Dana was sent to prison! The courts say that they had charged Kathy with harassment and had fined her! Dana's family is all still outraged! Dana continues to lose her cool as her family and her friends grab on to her, trying to calm her down! Kathy, Raymond and Julie look on nervously as Dana's family and friends all hold on to Dana very tightly, trying to comfort her and control her temper! Dana's family calms her down for a while. After a few minutes, they sit Dana back down in the chair.
After another few minutes, Dana suddenly leaps up from off the chair! She storms right out of the courtroom, banging the doors open and slamming them! Her family and friends all hurry out the court­room after her! Missy runs up to Dana and grabs her! She puts both arms around Dana and holds on to Dana very tightly! She tearfully hugs Dana and tells her, "Don't worry about me Dana! I'm alright! I'm okay!" Dana then puts both her arms around Missy and starts to sob on Missy's shoulders. Missy then gives Dana a tight squeeze. She continues to comfort Dana and tells her, "I'm alright Dana! I'm okay! Don't upset yourself. Okay? Don't upset yourself." Missy kisses Dana and pats her on the back of the head. She then massages Dana's hair as she continues to comfort Dana. After their embrace, Missy leaves one arm around Dana's shoulders. She then puts the other arm around Dana's waist as she and her family lead upset Dana out of the court building.
Dana's family takes her home with them. She stays at her grand­parents' home with her family for the next several days. Tony comes over every day to be by Dana's side. He tries to comfort her also.
Kathy had started carrying the gun, which Raymond had gotten for her. Even though Kathy is frightened of the gun, she is more frightened of Dana. She is afraid of being Dana's next victim. She does not want to end up like Rose and Sandra.
A few weeks have passed by now. Kathy is still carrying the gun. Nobody knows that she is carrying the gun. She keeps it hidden under her coat or jacket. She takes it wherever she goes now. She still looks over her shoulders at times. She continues to meet Raymond after school, either at his home or at her home.
Missy still works at the school and Dana still works at her regu­lar job with Teresa. Dana also still works at the Community Center.  She is still working seven days a week. Five days at her regular job with Teresa and two days at the Community Center. She still does­n't get a day off! It is still causing a lot of frustration to build up inside of her.
Another month passes by. Kathy and Raymond still meet up with one another after Raymond finishes working at the school. Missy still works at the school as usual and Dana still works at her regular job and at the Community Center which is still making her work 7 days, not having a day off yet! She becomes more and more frustrated!
A couple of weeks later, one night, Kathy is coming home late. It is around 2:00 in the morning. Kathy gets out of a cab and starts to walk to her building. She looks over her shoulder as she goes towards her building. She arrives inside her building and goes through the lobby. She then heads towards the staircase with her gun tucked safely inside her coat. She enters the staircase. She then heads towards the top of the first flight. As she reaches the top of the first flight, the hallway door on top of the second flight quietly opens up a little by itself. It stays open for a few seconds. Kathy is unaware of it. As Kathy starts to head to the top of the second flight, the door on top of the second flight quietly shuts by itself. As Kathy reaches the top of the second flight, suddenly a big large knife plunges hard, right into her abdominal! Kathy lets out a bloodcurdling scream! The knife, which is being held by a hand wearing a black glove and an arm wearing a long thick black sleeve, then plunges right into Kathy's chest! Kathy screams out in pain again! She is being stabbed! Blood splatters everywhere! The glove covered hand repeatedly plunges the large knife hard and fast into Kathy's chest and abdominal areas several times! Blood is all over Kathy! She continues to let out a horrible scream! The knife then plunges hard and fast into Kathy's neck! It plunges hard and fast into Kathy's neck several times! Kathy falls down the stairs and lands on the bot­tom of the flight! The glove covered hand and sleeve covered arm suddenly pulls the hallway door on top of the second flight and angrily bangs it open! The glove covered hand and sleeve covered arm angrily goes into the hallway, away from the staircase doorway, still holding the bloody knife as the staircase door slams shut! A sec­ond hallway door on that same floor suddenly bangs open, then slams shut!
Kathy is still in the stairwell, laying on the floor! She is covered in blood!  Blood is everywhere! It is all over the stairwell! As Kathy lays in the stairwell, her body is shaking violently! Her face starts to turn pale! Blood is seeping out of her mouth! Her eyes are about to roll to the back of her head! She is gasping for air! She is fainting! She suddenly passes away. She is dead. Kathy is mysteriously slain.
Around 6:00 the following morning, Kathy's body is found. Her body is found in a pool of blood. Her body is found stabbed to death in the stairwell where she lived. She had been stabbed repeatedly. Blood is everywhere in the stairwell. The police are at the scene. They are all over the place. They are searching around the area where Kathy lived. They are going around door to door, questioning people in her apartment building and all over the neighborhood. Kathy's mother Julie is soon notified. She starts screaming hysteri­cally as she finds out what happened to her daughter! She starts to cry uncontrollably! She then goes to see her daughter's body! The police lift a bloody sheet off the body! Julie sees Kathy's bloodied and butchered body! She almost passes out from the sight of it! The sheet is soon put back over Kathy's body! The police cannot find any possible motive, evidence or any suspects! There were absolute­ly no witnesses around! No one seems to know who did this or why!
Julie then goes to her apartment and calls up Raymond! Raymond comes on the telephone! Julie tells him what just hap­pened to Kathy! Raymond becomes shocked and stunned! He starts to cry uncontrollably! He quickly slams the phone down and hurries to the coat closet! He grabs his jacket out and rushes out of his apart­ment!
A half-hour later, Raymond arrives to Kathy's apartment build­ing, where police and a heavy crowd of people are! He goes into the stairwell where more police and paramedics are! He shockingly sees a body under a bloodied sheet! He hysterically tells the police, "That's my girlfriend's body under that sheet! Can I verify it please?" The police pull the sheet off the body! Raymond sees Kathy's bloodied and butchered body! He is about to pass out! The police catch him and hold on to him! Raymond starts to cry and cry hysterically, not knowing how it could have happened! Kathy's body continues to lay in the stairwell as Raymond cries out, "WHY? WHY? WHY?!"
After a few hours, Kathy's body is placed into a body bag! The paramedics soon carry Kathy's body out of the stairwell! They then carry it out of the building into a waiting ambulance.  The ambulance soon takes off with the body. Julie and Raymond continue to cry uncontrollably! The police try to restrain them both and comfort them! The police feel for their loss.
That same morning, Missy goes into the school office. She sees the school staff all upset and hysterical! Missy asks, "What's the matter? Is something wrong?"
The school principal, Jesse Harris, a male black around his mid 50's tells Missy, "Raymond didn't show up to the school this morn­ing! His girlfriend Kathy was found murdered!"
"WHAT!" Missy shockingly shouts!
She quickly holds her hand over her mouth as Jesse continues, "Yeah! Raymond called up the school this morning and said that Kathy's body was found stabbed to death in the stairwell of her building this morning! He said she was stabbed multiple times! The police have no suspects nor any motives! Raymond said he wasn't going to make it in today!"
Missy is about to fall out! Someone in the staff catches her in time! Missy starts to cry uncontrollably! She feels for Kathy and Raymond! The whole school staff is upset, hearing the fact of Raymond's girlfriend Kathy being found slain!
After a couple of hours, Missy starts to feel sick, hearing the bad news of what happened to Kathy! She starts to cough and is about to throw up! The school staff hurries and approaches her! Missy feel­ing very sick and depressed decides to leave the school early and go home!
Missy soon arrives home crying! She is very hysterical! Her family hysterically approaches her and asks, "What's wrong Missy? What happened?"
"RAYMOND'S GIRLFRIEND KATHY WAS FOUND MUR­DERED!" Missy hysterically shouts!
"WHAT! MURDERED?" Missy's family shockingly shout!
"YEAH!"
"OH MY GOD MISSY, WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? WHAT DO YOU MEAN RAYMOND'S GIRLFRIEND KATHY WAS FOUND MURDERED?"
"WHEN I WENT TO THE SCHOOL THIS MORNING, EVERYBODY INSIDE THE SCHOOL OFFICE SEEMED VERY UPSET ABOUT SOMETHING! THEN I ASKED THEM WHAT'S THE MATTER! THAT'S WHEN JESSE HARRIS THE PRINCI­PAL TOLD ME THAT RAYMOND'S GIRLFRIEND KATHY WAS FOUND MURDERED! HE SAID HER BODY WAS FOUND STABBED TO DEATH IN THE STAIRWELL OF HER BUILD­ING THIS MORNING!" 
"OH MY GOD!"
"I HEARD SHE WAS STABBED MULTIPLE TIMES! THE POLICE HAVE NO SUSPECTS NOR ANY MOTIVES! OH GRANDMA I GOT SO SICK WHEN I HEARD THE NEWS THAT I HAD TO LEAVE THE SCHOOL AND COME HOME EARLY!" Missy is very shaken up by Kathy's murder! She is sad and crying! Her family is hysterical! They surround her as she cries uncontrol­lably! Missy starts to cough and is about to throw up again! Her fam­ily surrounds her and comforts her! They're all saying how sad it is that Kathy had been murdered, even though what they all went through with Kathy.
Several hours later, around 6:00 that evening, Gracy is upstairs in her bedroom. She sits at the edge of her bed and calls up Dana and Tony's number.
In Dana and Tony's living room, the telephone rings. Tony picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hi Tony!" Gracy hysterically says. "It's me Gracy! Hey Tony, I have some bad news to tell you!"
"Bad news? What bad news Grandma?"
"You remember Kathy right? The one that we were all going back and forth to court with? The one who beat and ganged up on Missy, and then went to court to get an order of protection against Dana?"
"Yeah, I remember Kathy! What about her?" 
"WELL SHE WAS FOUND MURDERED!" 
"WHAT! MURDERED?"
"YEAH! HER BODY WAS FOUND STABBED TO DEATH IN THE STAIRWELL OF HER BUILDING THIS MORNING! SHE HAD BEEN STABBED MULTIPLE TIMES! MISSY FOUND OUT THE BAD NEWS WHEN SHE HAD WENT TO THE SCHOOL THIS MORNING! MISSY HAD GOTTEN VERY SICK FROM THE HORRIBLE NEWS THAT SHE HAD TO LEAVE THE SCHOOL AND COME HOME EARLY! THAT'S WHEN SHE TOLD US ABOUT IT!"
"OH MY GOD! I'M VERY SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT THAT GRANDMA!"
"YEAH, WE ALL ARE SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT THIS TONY!"
"WELL, DID THE POLICE CATCH ANYBODY YET? DO THEY KNOW WHO DID THIS OR WHY?"
"NO, THE POLICE HAVEN'T CAUGHT ANYBODY YET! THEY DON'T HAVE ANY SUSPECTS NOR ANY MOTIVES SO FAR!"
"OH NO!"
"Is Dana there Tony?" 
"Yeah, she's in the kitchen!"
"Well put her on the phone for me will you? I want to tell her the bad news!"
"Okay Grandma, hold on!" Tony puts the receiver down on the side. He walks away towards the kitchen.
Dana is in the kitchen, dressed in a tight black mini dress with an opened short sleeved light greenish blouse over it and barefoot­ed. She grabs a big large butcher knife from off the kitchen table, then turns around towards the kitchen counter. She takes a large raw meat that's on the kitchen counter and bangs it down on the counter! She angrily starts to chop up the raw meat with the butcher knife! As she is chopping up the raw meat, Tony stands in the kitchen entry-way, staring at Dana. He stares very strangely at Dana as she is angrily chopping up the raw meat. He calls out, "Dana!" Dana turns her head towards Tony. Tony asks, "Is everything alright?"
"Yeah everything's alright. Why?"
"I just want to tell you that Grandma is on the telephone! She wants to speak to you!"
"Okay," Dana says. She looks at Tony strangely and asks, "What's wrong with you?"
"I'll let Grandma tell you about it."
Dana lays the butcher knife and the raw meat down on the kitchen cabinet. She quickly grabs a paper towel and walks away from the kitchen cabinet, heading towards the living room. She enters into the living room and goes to the telephone as Tony sadly follows behind her. She puts the telephone receiver to her ear and says, "Grandma?"
"Yeah Dana it's me! Oh Dana I have some terrible news to tell you!"
"Terrible news? What terrible news Grandma? What's the matter?"
"You know that woman Kathy that you and Missy had a problem with?
The one we were all going back and forth to court with?" 
"Yeah?"
"WELL SHE WAS FOUND MURDERED! HER BODY WAS FOUND STABBED TO DEATH RIGHT IN THE STAIRWELL OF HER BUILDING THIS MORNING!"
"Oh really?"
"YES! SHE HAD BEEN STABBED MULTIPLE TIMES!"
"Oh yeah?"
"YES!"
"Sorry to hear about that Grandma."
"YEAH WE ALL ARE! THE POLICE HAVE NO SUSPECTS NOR ANY MOTIVES! MISSY GOT SO SICK WHEN SHE HEARD THE BAD NEWS AT THE SCHOOL THAT SHE HAD TO LEAVE THE SCHOOL AND COME HOME EARLY!"
"Missy is sick?"
"YES! SHE'S VERY SHAKEN UP BY THIS HORRIBLE NEWS!"
"Oh yeah? Well if Missy's feeling sick, I'm gonna stop over there later and check up on her." 
"You will?"
"Yeah Grandma. I'll be there in a little while." 
"Okay Dana! We'll all be here!" 
"Okay Grandma. I'll see you later."
"Alright Dana. Bye," Gracy says. She then hears the other end of the phone go click. Dana had hung up the phone. Gracy then hangs up the telephone. She continues to sit there at the edge of the bed staring into space. Then she turns and strangely stares at the tele­phone. She notices that Dana doesn't seem too upset or bothered by the bad news of Kathy's death. She notices that Dana didn't seem too surprised by the news of Kathy's death. She notices that Dana's voice had absolutely no emotions about Kathy's death at all!
It is a couple of hours later. Missy is still inside her grandpar­ents' house crying uncontrollably as her family continues to sur­round and comfort her! They are all upset about Kathy's murder! Missy then turns to her grandmother and hysterically asks, "Grandma where's Dana? I thought you said she was on her way over here?"
"Well that's what she told me!"
"It's been over two hours now," Thomas says. "Dana should have been here already!"
"Let me call her up," Gracy says. She picks up the telephone and starts to dial Tony and Dana's number. The phone rings on the other end. There is no answer. The phone rings on the other end for a while. There is still no answer. Gracy hangs up the phone. She turns to her family and says, "Nobody is there. They're not answering." Puzzled, the family stares at her.
The telephone then rings. Gracy picks it up and says, "Hello?"
Tony, who is on the other end of the phone, hysterically says, "Hello Grandma! It's me Tony!"
"Oh hi, Tony! Hey Tony, where's Dana? I thought she was gonna come over here! She didn't show up yet! Where are you two any­way? I just called your apartment a couple of minutes ago, but nobody answered!"
"WELL THAT'S WHAT I CALLED TO TELL YOU ABOUT GRANDMA! DANA NEVER MADE IT OVER THERE BECAUSE THE POLICE HAD PICKED HER UP AND ARREST­ED HER!"
"WHAT!"
"YEAH! THE POLICE SUSPECT A COUPLE OF PEOPLE OF KATHY'S MURDER! DANA IS ONE OF THEM! THE POLICE HAD PICKED UP DANA OUTSIDE OUR APARTMENT DOOR AROUND AN HOUR AGO AND ARRESTED HER ON SUSPICION OF MURDER!"
"WHAT! SUSPICION OF MURDER?" The family shocked and stunned looks at Gracy as she continues, "OH MY GOD!"
"YEAH!" Tony shouts. "AFTER DANA SPOKE TO YOU ON THE TELEPHONE, WE STAYED IN THE APARTMENT FOR A LITTLE WHILE AND ATE DINNER! THEN DANA WENT IN THE BEDROOM TO CHANGE HER CLOTHES! AFTER SHE CAME BACK OUT THE BEDROOM, WE BOTH STARTED TO LEAVE THE APARTMENT! AND WHEN WE WALKED OUT THE FRONT DOOR, WE SAW FIVE POLICEMEN STANDING RIGHT OUTSIDE IN THE HALLWAY! THEY WERE WAITING FOR DANA! THEY ARRESTED HER RIGHT ON THE SPOT AND TOOK HER INTO CUSTODY ALONG WITH ANOTHER SUSPECT FOR QUESTIONING! I'M DOWN AT THE POLICE STATION RIGHT NOW!"
"OH NO!"
"YEAH, IT'S TRUE GRANDMA!"
"OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! I DON'T BELIEVE THIS IS ALL HAPPENING!
WHERE DO THE POLICE HAVE DANA AT THIS MOMENT TONY?"
"THEY HAVE HER IN THE BACK ROOM SOMEWHERE!"
"OKAY TONY, JUST STAY RIGHT THERE! WE'RE ALL ON OUR WAY DOWN THERE, OKAY?"
"Okay Grandma! I'll be here!"
"Okay Tony, we're on our way!" Gracy quickly hangs up the telephone!
At the police station, the other possible suspect in this case is a male Hispanic named Lewis Fernandez, who had found Kathy's body! Lewis works in Kathy's building doing cleaning work. He has been seen a few times around Kathy when she was alive. Lewis claims innocent! He says that he had spoken to Kathy a few times before in the past as a Mend when he saw her passing through the building. Lewis shouts to the police, "I WAS NOWHERE AROUND WHEN THE MURDER TOOK PLACE! I WAS AT HOME ASLEEP IN BED BECAUSE I HAD TO GET UP THE FOLLOWING MORNING AND GO TO WORK IN THE BUILD­ING WHERE THE MURDER TOOK PLACE! THAT'S HOW I DISCOVERED THE BODY! I HAVE NO REASON TO BE IN THE BUILDING OR WORK IN THE BUILDING AT AROUND THE TIME OF NIGHT YOU ALL THINK THAT WOMAN KATHY WAS MURDERED! I ALSO HAVE A COUPLE OF ALI­BIS!"
Police Officer Rosenberg, a white male asks Lewis, "Who are your alibis?"
"My wife and my son!"
"Call up your wife," Rosenberg says as he hands Lewis the tele­phone.
Lewis gets on the phone. He speaks on the telephone and says, "Hello Lucy? The police wants to speak with you!"
Rosenberg quickly takes the phone out of Lewis' hand! He speaks into the telephone and says, "Hello Mrs. Fernandez?"
"Yes?"
"This is Officer Rosenberg speaking! I just want to ask you a couple of questions! Where was your husband Lewis Fernandez at between the hours of 12:00 midnight and 4:00 in the morning?"
"Where was Lewis at between the hours of 12:00 midnight and 4:00 in the morning?"
"Yes!"
"Lewis was at home with me!"
"Was your husband Lewis at home with you the whole entire time between those hours of 12:00 midnight and 4:00 in the morning?"
"Yes! He and I were in the bed sleeping! Why? What's going on?"
"We have to investigate a homicide that took place!" 
"WHAT! A HOMICIDE?"
"Yes! Mrs. Fernandez, where does your husband Lewis work? And what type of work does your husband Lewis do?"
"Oh Lewis does cleaning work inside an apartment building in Queens!"
"Well a woman who lived in the building your husband works in was found stabbed to death in the stairwell early this morning!"
"WHAT! A WOMAN WAS FOUND STABBED TO DEATH?"
"That's right Mrs. Fernandez! A woman named Kathy Lupont! Your husband found her body!"
"WHAT! MY HUSBAND FOUND HER BODY?"
"Yes!"
"OH MY GOD! I'M SHOCKED TO HEAR ABOUT THIS! IS MY HUSBAND ALRIGHT?"
"Yes, he's alright. He's just pretty shaken up by the whole thing."
"I CAN IMAGINE! WELL WHO KILLED THIS WOMAN KATHY? AND WHY?"
"Well that's what we're trying to find out Mrs. Fernandez, who killed her and why! That's why we have your husband here at the station, to question him! We just needed to know some answers that's all!"
"I see!"
"Okay Mrs. Fernandez, I'm going to let your husband go. He can call you later on I guess." 
"Okay Officer, thank you!" 
"You're welcome."
"And I'm sorry to hear about what happened to that poor woman!"
"Yes we're all sorry for what happened to her. Okay Mrs. Fernandez, take care now." 
"Okay! You too!"
Rosenberg hangs up the telephone.  He says, "Okay Mr. Fernandez, you may leave now."
"Thank you Officer!"
"Okay. I'm gonna question that young man standing out in the front."
"Okay Officer," Lewis says as he gets up from a chair. He starts to head for the door as Officer Rosenberg follows behind him. Lewis walks out the room and heads towards the front of the station as Officer Rosenberg continues to follow behind.
When Lewis and Officer Rosenberg reach the front of the station, Rosenberg goes to Tony, who is still standing in the front of the station.
Rosenberg approaches Tony and asks, "Can I speak with you for a minute sir?"
"Sure," Tony says.
Officer Rosenberg then leads Tony towards the back of the station. He brings Tony to the back room where Lewis was. He sits Tony on a chair in front of a desk and asks, "So Mr. Mitchell, you and your girlfriend Dana live together, right?"
"Yes, we do."
"Where was your girlfriend Dana when you first came home yesterday evening?"
"Dana was already inside the apartment when I came home."
"What was Dana doing the exact moment you had walked into your apartment?"
"She was in the kitchen cooking."
"Where was Dana the whole rest of the evening and night into the next morning?"
"Dana and I were both at home in the bed sleeping, waiting for the next morning so that we can both get up and go to work."
"So you're saying that your girlfriend Dana never left the apart­ment the whole entire night?"
"No."
"Okay Mr. Mitchell, you may leave now. I just needed to know some answers."
"Okay," Tony says as he gets up from the chair. He then heads for the door and leaves the room.
Twenty minutes later, Dana's entire family and relatives show up at the precinct! They angrily start to approach the police officers! The police then start to question the members of Dana's family! The police suspect that a member of Missy's family might have come to murder Kathy out of revenge and retaliation! Dana's family is all outraged by it!  They shout to the police, "NONE OF US WOULD EVER DO ANYTHING LIKE THAT! DANA MIGHT HAVE A VIOLENT TEMPER, BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN THAT SHE DID IT!"
The police have their doubts. They're going to send Dana to jail. Dana is then taken to Central Booking. She is to be sent to jail for a month until her court date! Her bail is for $70,000. Her grandfather Mike pays her bail. Two hours later, Dana is released from jail. She goes home with her family to her grandparents' house. She has to appear in court the following month.
Around 11:00 that night while everybody is home in Gracy and Mike's house, David tells his parents, "I'm gonna go upstairs and call up Christine. I'm gonna let her know what's happening with Dana."
"Okay David," Mike says. "We'll be down here."
"Okay Dad. I'll be back." David starts to head up the staircase to the bedrooms.
The next morning, the doorbell rings inside Gracy and Mike's house. Mike goes to the front door and answers it. When he opens the door, he sees Christine and several of her family members from Jamaica, including her two brothers, Harold and Alan, their sister Patricia, their parents Winston and Marie and a few other relatives. They are all hysterical! Mike gives Christine a big hug as he lets her and her family members inside the house. Christine's relatives also hug Mike. As Mike closes the front door, Christine and Marie hys­terically ask him, "Where's Dana?"
"Oh she's upstairs with Gracy. Go ahead up there."
"Okay! We'll be right back!"
"Okay," Mike says as Christine, Marie, Winston and Patricia hysterically rush up the stairs! Mike and Christine's other family members then head into the living room.
The next two days, Kathy's murder is seen in the newspapers. There is an article about her murder. Everyone in Dana and Missy's family sees and reads the article. All of Raymond and Missy's co­workers at the school see and read the article. Tony sees and reads the article. Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph see and read the arti­cle. All of Dana and Teresa's co-workers at the stockroom see and read the article also. They all know that Kathy was one of the peo­ple who Dana had beaten up before with a baseball bat over a cou­ple of years ago.





























Chapter 15

Missy's Flashbacks


That same morning, Missy is at the school. She is a nervous wreck. She walks around with her body all trembling and shaking. She goes into the school office and pours some coffee into her mug at the coffee machine. She then sits there in the office chair, holding the mug of coffee as it trembles in her hand. She takes a few sips of coffee. All of a sudden, the coffee mug slips out of Missy's hand and crashes to the floor, spilling coffee and glass everywhere! The school staff looks at Missy. They all can see that something is terri­bly wrong with her. Missy is about to pass out and fall on to the floor when someone in the staff quickly catches her in time! Missy is out of it. She is not her normal self. The rest of the school staff hurries to her! They all ask, "Missy what's wrong?"
Maurice, a male black around his mid 40's says, "You've been a nervous wreck all morning Missy! What's the matter?"
Missy does not respond. The school staff decides to bring Missy into the back room to let her rest her mind for a while. They bring her into the back room where a resting couch is. They all tell Missy that she needs to lie down and rest for a while. They all help Missy to lay down on the resting couch. Missy's body is still trembling and shaking. She is sweating. Puzzled, the school staff stares at her. As Missy lays down, the staff stays by her side for a short while.
After a while, Missy's nerves are a little more relaxed and calm. The staff tells Missy that they're going to start heading back to the front of the office.  They tell Missy to stay there in the back room a little while longer. They tell her that they'll be back in a little while to check up on her. The staff then leaves the back room and closes the door behind themselves. They leave Missy in the room alone.
Two of the staff members stand outside the door and start to talk to one another! Helen, a white female with dark hair asks, "Maurice, what do you think is wrong with Missy?"
"I don't know. She sure has been acting kind of nervous and tense. She's been acting kind of nervous and tense since Raymond's girlfriend Kathy was found murdered. Missy seems to be taking that murder pretty hard."
"Yeah I noticed that. Maybe she feels kind of guilty, being that her and Raymond were close friends, and Missy did had a problem with Kathy in the past."
"Yeah, maybe you're right. Maybe Missy will feel a lot better after she lets her mind rest."
"Yeah I sure hope so."
Maurice looks at Helen and says, "Come on Helen, let's go back to the front." Helen and Maurice both look back towards the door as they walk away.
Missy is in the back room alone. She lays on the resting couch still trembling. She turns her head towards the side away from the door and stares nervously into space. She starts to daydream. She starts to get flashbacks and memories of her childhood. Her mind goes back to when she was a child of age 6, growing up in Jamaica, West Indies. She is having flashbacks and memories of herself, the triplets, Dana and their mother Christine. They are all at a mineral bath in an isolated country side, down in Jamaica. They are there with a big crowd of people.
It is around the end of the day at the mineral bath. The mineral bath is about over and all the children and parents are about to get back on four buses. Missy, who is dressed in a short thin shirt and a short skirt with hair styled in two long thick braids, one braid hang­ing from each side of her head, walks towards the buses with a small group of children. All of a sudden, she hears her mother Christine calling out, "COME ON MISSY! LET'S GO!" Missy turns away from the small group of children. She waves goodbye to them all and starts to leave. Missy hurries to her mother and two of the triplets, 4-year old Landa and 4-year old Linda, who are also dressed in short thin shirts and short skirts with hair styled in two long thick braids, one hanging from each side of their heads. Landa and Linda are both feuding with each other, kicking at each other as Christine holds each of their hands. Christine angrily pulls both Landa and Linda apart, trying to keep them from fighting and kicking at each other. Landa and Linda both start to cry as Missy walks behind them and their mother.
Christine, Missy and the two triplets soon approach a waiting cab. Christine then turns around and calls out, "COME ON DANA! LET'S GO!"
8-year old Dana, who is also dressed in a short thin shirt and a short skirt with two long thick braids, one hanging from each side of her head, walks towards her mother with two other children, an 8-year old girl hugging her on one side and a 9-year old boy hugging Dana on the other side. The boy and girl are both smiling as they look at Dana. Dana does not smile back at them. She just looks at the boy and the girl. The boy and girl then smile at each other. They then say "Goodbye," to Dana as they leave and run towards their bus! Dana watches them as she continues to walk towards her mother.
After the boy and girl get on one of the buses with their parents, all four buses pull off and leave. All the people that were at the min­eral bath are practically gone now. They are all heading for home.
It is kind of isolated at the mineral bath now. Christine and the girls are about to get into the cab that is still waiting for them. As Landa and Linda are about to get into the cab, all of a sudden, Christine pulls them both back out the cab. She looks at them both. She notices that only two of the triplets are around! She looks at Missy and Dana. She then turns her head around, but does not see the third triplet! Londa, one of the triplets is missing! Christine looks her head around for Londa! She does not see Londa around any­where! Christine becomes frightened! She gets hysterical! She anx­iously asks, "Where's Londa Dana? Wasn't she with you?"
"No, she wasn't with me! I thought she was with you!"
"No she wasn't with me!" Christine frighteningly tells the cab driver, "Londa is missing! Have you seen her?"
The cab driver, a stocky male black around his early 40's wear­ing short dreadlocks tells Christine, "No I haven't!"
Christine quickly tells Dana and Missy to hop into the cab and wait inside the cab with Landa and Linda! She tells them all to wait inside the cab and lock the doors while she and the cab driver go to look for Londa, but Dana refuses to get into the cab! She wants to look for Londa!  Christine struggles with Dana, trying to get Dana into the cab, but Dana still refuses to get into the cab! Dana desper­ately wants to find Londa! Christine pulls on Dana as Dana tries to pull away from her! Christine continues to struggle with 8-year old Dana! Christine then becomes frustrated! She angrily pulls Dana and shouts to her, "NOW LOOK YOUNG LADY....I'LL LOOK FOR LONDA ALRIGHT! JUST GET INTO THE CAB! GET INTO THE CAB DANA AND STAY PUT! I'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITHLONDA! JUST GET INTO THE CAB!"  Christine angrily shoves Dana towards the inside of the cab! Dana angrily gives in as her mother shoves her! She gets into the cab with her sisters! They all go into the back seat! Christine locks and closes the cab doors behind the girls! She and the cab driver both start to run off hyster­ically to look for Londa! Christine runs off in one direction as the cab driver runs off in another direction! Dana, Missy, Landa and Linda are all inside the cab. They all look out the cab window, watching and waiting anxiously.
After a while, Dana becomes impatient. She gets very frustrat­ed. She wants to go out and look for Londa, the missing triplet. She angrily opens up the cab door and hops outside of it, ignoring her mother's orders. She angrily pulls Missy, Landa and Linda out of the cab and takes them all to go and look for Londa. Dana has Landa and Linda on each side of her, holding tightly on to each of their hands as they all hurry towards the mineral bath place to search for Londa. Missy hurries behind them. They all go through the tropical weeds, grass, bushes and trees of the isolated area.
Dana and her sisters soon reach the mineral bath place. It is empty with people. Everyone had left and gone home on the four buses. No one is left at the place. Dana and her sisters walk around through the mineral bath place, desperately looking for Londa. Dana is very frustrated. She is worried about her baby sister and wants to find her. She and her small sisters call out, "LONDA! LONDA!" as they search for Londa.
As Dana and her sisters continue to search through the mineral bath place, looking for Londa, they suddenly hear a scream of a small child! They all turn their heads around to look! They hear the scream of a child again! It is coming from a small building not too far from the mineral bath place! Dana and her sisters rush towards the building! Dana continues to hold tightly on to Landa's and Linda's hands as they all run towards the building! Dana and her sis­ters quietly stop at the door of the building! Dana quietly opens the door and looks inside the building. When she and her sisters look inside the building, they are shocked and horrified to see a mainte­nance man, a male black around his late 30's, grabbing and pulling on to a screaming 4-year old Londa inside a large room as Londa desperately tries to get away! They see the man trying to hold his hand over Londa's mouth as Londa desperately tries to scream and get away! Dana lets go of Landa's and Linda's hands and quickly rushes inside the room to get Londa as her sisters rush behind her! The maintenance man sees Dana and her little sisters rushing in! He quickly lets go of Londa and rushes out the back door! Dana goes and grabs a crying and screaming Londa and holds on to her very tightly! Londa is all crying and hysterical! Dana quickly lets go of Londa and rushes towards the back door where the maintenance man had ran off to! She is about to look for the maintenance man! Then she changes her mind and quickly decides to go back to her sisters! Missy, Landa and Linda are all surrounding and holding on to Londa as Londa continues to cry and scream! Dana approaches her sisters and bends down to pick up a crying and screaming Londa! She car­ries Londa and quickly takes all her sisters back towards the cab where their mother Christine might be back, waiting for them! They go through the tropical weeds, grass, bushes and trees again!
Dana and her sisters soon reach the cab. They do not see their mother Christine around anywhere yet, so they all rush to look for her. Dana continues to carry a crying and screaming Londa as they look for their mother.
After a while, Dana and her sisters finally spot their mother Christine. They see her shouting with the cab driver. They see her crying and very hysterical. Dana and her sisters all rush to their mother. Christine looks and sees her daughters approaching. She gets very excited and happy to see three triplets now. She rushes to her daughters and sees that Londa has been found. Christine sees a crying and screaming Londa and grabs on to her. She takes Londa out of Dana's arms and picks her up. She hugs and holds tightly onto Londa as Londa continues to cry and scream. Christine is out of breath as she anxiously asks Londa, "Oh Londa, where have you been?"
Londa does not respond. She continues to cry and scream. Dana then cuts in and says, "We found her inside the bathroom Mommy! She was locked inside!"
Christine becomes shocked. Missy, Landa and Linda shocking­ly look at Dana as they hear Dana lying to their mother. Dana gives them all a glare. They nervously look away from Dana as Christine asks Londa, "You got stuck inside the bathroom Londa? Oh Londa you shouldn't have went off to the bathroom all by yourself! You should've had somebody with you!"
Londa continues to cry and scream. Christine smiles and hugs on to Londa again as the cab driver looks on, out of breath. Christine is happy that Londa is found safely. She carries Londa and takes all her girls back to the cab telling them, "Stay close to one another now," as they all walk back towards the cab with the cab driver.
They all soon reach the cab and open the cab doors. Christine leads her daughters inside the cab. When all the girls hop inside the cab, Christine notices that Dana didn't get into the cab. She looks her head around for Dana. She does not see Dana around anywhere. Dana is now missing! Christine becomes frightened and hysterical again! Her mind becomes confused! She anxiously asks the cab dri­ver, "Where's Dana?"
"I don't know, she was just here!"
"WELL WHERE COULD SHE BE? WHERE COULD SHE HAD JUST DISAPPEARED TO? OH MY GOD!" Christine looks her head around and shouts, "DANA! DANA!" Christine calls out to Dana again shouting, "DANA! DANA! DANA!" Dana does not appear around anywhere. Christine hysterically tells Missy and the triplets, "Listen girls, stay inside the cab and keep the doors lock while we go and look for Dana, alright?" Christine locks and closes the cab doors as she and the cab driver both run off hysterically to look for Dana! Christine runs off in one direction as the cab driver goes off into another direction! Missy and the triplets sit around in the cab all scared! They look out the window and wait anxiously! They look hysterically outside the cab windows!
A short while has passed! Missy and the triplets continue to sit and wait anxiously inside the cab! As Missy and the triplets contin­ue to sit and wait, all of a sudden, they see Dana running in the dis­tance going the opposite direction! They see her running through the tropical weeds, grass, bushes and trees of the isolated country side area! Missy and the triplets become excited! They start to call out, "DANA! DANA!" Missy and the triplets then see Dana disappear into the weeds! Missy and the triplets decide to get out of the cab and follow Dana! They all run to the spot where they saw Dana!  They run through the tropical weeds, grass, bushes and trees! When they reach the spot, they do not see Dana around anywhere! They look their heads around! They suddenly see Dana again, in another far distance, still running through the tropical weeds, grass, bushes and trees! Missy and the triplets become excited again! They start to call out, "DANA! DANA!" Dana does not see or hear them! Missy and the triplets then see Dana disappear into the weeds again! They run towards the spot where they last saw Dana! They run through the tropical weeds, grass, bushes and trees again! When they reach that spot, they do not see Dana around anywhere again! They then hear music playing. They see the gate of the mineral bath place. It is halfway open. Missy and the triplets go to the gate. They peak inside of it. When they peak inside, they see the maintenance man, way in the distance! They see him cleaning around the mineral bath with a plugged in radio nearby, playing reggae music! Missy and the triplets become frightened! They try to keep quiet so the mainte­nance man would not see or notice them! They start to back up! As they back up, they suddenly spot Dana inside the mineral bath place! They spot her way in the distance, standing several feet behind the maintenance man! They see Dana quietly standing behind the main­tenance man as he cleans around the mineral bath! They see Dana angrily staring at the maintenance man! The maintenance man does not see or notice Dana! He does not know that she is standing there, several feet behind him, angrily watching him! His radio is playing a few feet away from Dana! Therefore, he does not hear Dana or know that she is standing there angrily staring at him! As the main­tenance man continues to clean around the mineral bath, Dana sud­denly picks up a big rag that is on the floor! She takes the rag and grabs the big radio with it! She picks up the loud radio and starts to run straight towards the maintenance man with the radio in her hands! She angrily shoves the radio hard into the maintenance man and pushes him right into the mineral bath as he begins to shout! Dana continues to hold on to the radio as she catches her balance! The maintenance man makes a big splash as he goes down under the water! Then an angry Dana holds the radio high up in the air and throws the plugged in radio right into the water right on top of the man! The radio hits the water and starts to spark up and smoke heav­ily! The maintenance man begins to scream and yell in pain! He is being electrocuted! Missy and the triplets watch frighteningly from the gate entrance! The radio continues to spark up in the water as the maintenance man's body jerks and shakes!  He continues to yell and scream as blood comes from out of his eyes, nose and mouth! Then his screaming stops! His body then becomes still and lifeless! He is dead! His body lays in the water as the heavy electric sparks contin­ue to come from the radio! Missy and the triplets watch horrified from the gate entrance as Dana angrily stands over the edge of the mineral bath, glaring at the maintenance man's dead body! Missy and the triplets see the maintenance man's body floating! They see his eyes wide open! A frightened Missy starts to scream! Dana quickly turns her head around and sees Missy and the triplets stand­ing frighteningly at the gate entrance, looking on! Dana angrily rushes towards them! Missy and the triplets frighteningly turn around and run out of the place! Dana angrily chases after all of them! She catches up to her sisters outside and angrily grabs them all! She jerks and pulls on her sisters as she shouts, "WHAT ARE YOU ALL DOING OUT OF THE CAB?" Missy and the triplets are all scared as they frighteningly stare at Dana! They cannot believe what she had just done! They do not know what to do or say! Dana looks back towards the mineral bath place! Then she takes each of her sisters by the hand and quickly walks away with them! They start to go through the tropical weeds, grass, bushes and trees again!
After a while, Dana and her sisters walk towards the cab. They see their mother Christine standing around being very hysterical as she shouts at the cab driver again! Dana then calls out, "MOM!"
Christine turns her head around! She sees all her girls coming at once! She gets excited with joy! She quickly rushes to her girls! She reaches her girls and bends down to hug them all! Then she hugs Dana individually and starts to lift her up, holding tightly on to Dana! Christine then puts Dana back down. She is out of breath as she yells at Dana, shouting, "WE'VE BEEN LOOKING ALL OVER THE PLACE FOR YOU DANA! WHERE'VE YOU BEEN?"
"I went to the bathroom Mommy!"
Christine, puzzled, looks at Dana and asks, "Now come on Dana, don't tell me you got locked inside the bathroom too?" 
"Yeah Mommy, I did!"
"Well Dana why didn't you tell me that you had to go to the bathroom? You didn't say anything! You just went off and disap­peared! You had me worrying crazy!" Christine then turns to the cab driver and says, "You know this place is going to have to do some­thing about their stuck bathrooms!  It doesn't make sense that two of my girls got stuck and locked inside the bathroom and couldn't get out!" The cab driver, out of breath, looks at Christine and nods his head in agreement. Christine then gives all her daughters a big lov­ing hug again. She then gives Dana another separate big hug, with her back facing her other daughters as she says to Dana, "Oh boy Dana, you had me so worried!" As Christine hugs and holds tightly on to Dana, Missy and the triplets frighteningly look at Dana! Dana secretly gives them all a cold stare as to keep quiet! Missy and the triplets frighteningly look away from Dana! They do not say a word to their mother or the cab driver about what had just happened or what they had all just seen! They do not say a word to their mother or anybody else about the maintenance man being killed by Dana, or about the maintenance man grabbing and holding on to Londa, try­ing to attack her! Christine then quickly gets all her girls into the cab at once before there'll be anymore disappearances!
After all the girls hop into the cab, Christine looks into the back­seat of the cab. She counts each of the girls. She sees that all five of her girls are safely inside the cab. Christine then gets into the cab herself as the cab driver goes around to the driver's seat. The cab dri­ver gets into the cab and starts up the engine. The cab then pulls off and leaves the isolated area.
It is late at night now. Everyone in Christine's house hold is in bed, sleeping. The moon is shining brightly against the dark sky. The beat of reggae music plays outside in the darkness.
It is soon sunrise. Christine is taking all her girls back to the mineral bath out in the country side. They ride back in the cab again with the same cab driver. As the cab approaches the site, Christine, her children and the cab driver are all stunned to see the police and ambulances all around the site! They see a heavy crowd of people there! They see other parents and children looking on! Christine, her children and the cab driver all get out of the cab! They walk towards the crowd of people! Christine holds on to Landa's and Londa's hands as Dana holds on to Missy's and Linda's hands! Christine goes to one of the parents and asks, "What's going on around here? What happened?"
One of the parents, a father of two, tells Christine, "Leonard the maintenance man was found dead inside the mineral bath this morn­ing!"
"WHAT!" Christine shockingly shouts!
"Yeah! He was found electrocuted inside the water with his radio! His radio was still plugged into an outlet!" 
"OH MY GOD!"
"The police don't know whether Leonard had tripped, slipped or fell into the mineral bath! They think he might have tripped over his radio and fell into the water! But the police don't understand why Leonard had his radio so close to the mineral bath! The police think that Leonard might have tripped and fell over his radio as it was sit­ting on the ground near the mineral bath!"
Dana, Missy and the triplets suspiciously look at the father of two, but do not say a word.
After a while, the paramedics come from out the back area. They bring a stretcher out to the front area with a body wrapped in a plas­tic bag on it. The crowd looks on and starts to gasp in disbelief. The police tell the crowd to step back. The paramedics then put the stretcher with the body in it into a waiting ambulance.
Soon, the head of the mineral bath starts to make an announce­ment to all the parents and children, saying, "I'M SORRY PEOPLE, BUT THERE HAS BEEN A TERRIBLE TRAGEDY HERE! LEONARD THE MAINTENANCE MAN WAS FOUND DEAD INSIDE THE MINERAL BATH THIS MORNING! THE POLICE DON'T KNOW THE EXACT CAUSE OF DEATH BUT THEY THINK THAT LEAONARD MIGHT HAVE TRIPPED AND FELL OVER HIS RADIO, BECAUSE HIS RADIO WAS ALSO FOUND INSIDE THE WATER! IT WAS STILL PLUGGED INTO AN OUTLET! THE POLICE THINK THAT LEONARD MIGHT HAVE TRIPPED OVER HIS RADIO, FELL INTO THE WATER WITH THE RADIO AND THE RADIO ELECTROCUTED HIM! THE POLICE HAVE TO MAKE AN INVESTIGATION AND NEED THE PLACE TO BE CLOSED FROM THE PUBLIC FOR A WHILE! THE MINERAL BATH IS GOING TO BE CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE! SO PLEASE EVERYBODY, GO BACK HOME!"
All the parents and children are turned away. They have to leave and head back home. Everyone is all sad. They are all sad and upset about the tragedy that happened at the mineral bath. They are all sad about the tragedy that happened to Leonard, the maintenance man.
Christine and her daughters go back to the cab. They reach the cab and get inside. They start to head back home. Christine sits in the middle of the back seat, holding Londa on her lap.  Dana sits on one side of Christine, holding Landa as Missy sits on the other side of Christine holding Linda. As the cab driver is driving, he turns around to Christine and says, "Wow, what a horrible tragedy that was to hear, wasn't it?"
"Yeah, it sure was!" Christine then says to all her daughters, "Well I guess there won't be any mineral baths for a while girls."
Dana looks up at her mother and says, "Can't we just find anoth­er mineral bath to go to, Mommy?"
"Yeah, I guess we can try to find one." Christine tearfully puts her arms around Dana and Missy. Dana then lays her head against her mother and closes her eyes. Missy and the triplets look at Dana. They then look at each other. Missy and the triplets are scared and frightened. They are scared and frightened to have witnessed then-own sister commit a murder.
Later on that evening, Missy and the triplets are home inside the kitchen, sitting at the table eating dinner. They have their little dol­lies on the kitchen table next to them as they eat their food. A radio is nearby on the kitchen counter, playing reggae music. Missy sits at the table, being sad and nervous. She barely touches her food. She just sits there at the table with her head down, holding her fork. The triplets soon get up from the table. They start to run into another room as Missy stays at the table. Christine soon comes to the kitchen table and asks, "What's wrong Missy? You barely touched your food! Is everything alright?"
"Yeah Mommy. Everything's okay."
"Are you sure? Because you didn't touch your food last night either."
"I'm okay Mommy. I'm alright."
"Okay then. Hurry up and finish your food so I can clean up the table okay?" Christine then walks away. Missy picks up her cup of milk. It starts to tremble in her hand as the radio on the counter con­tinues to play reggae music. Londa comes running back into the kitchen. She stands on the side of Missy as she grabs her dolly from off the table. Puzzled, she looks at the cup of milk as it trembles and shakes in Missy's hand. She then looks at Missy. Missy nervously looks back at Londa. They do not say a word to each other. Soon, the back door which leads into the kitchen opens up. Dana and her two older brothers, Sammy and Thomas walk into the kitchen doorway with their father David coming in behind them. They all come and stand inside the kitchen doorway with Dana and David each carry­ing a whole bunch of fishes, hanging from a hook.  They had all just came from fishing. Missy and Londa look at Dana and their broth­ers as Dana and their brothers stand inside the kitchen with their father David.
Soon, Christine and her parents Winston and Marie walk into the kitchen as Marie holds 1-year old Robert. Christine asks David and the children, "Well what have we got here? We see you all caught a lot of fishes, huh?"
11-year old Sammy annoyingly says, "Well Dana caught most of the fishes!"
10-year old Thomas annoyingly says, "Yeah! That's not fair! She's a girl and yet she caught most of the fishes!"
Christine and her parents laugh as Christine says, "Well we need somebody to catch a lot of fishes for us!" Winston and Marie con­tinue to laugh as Dana stands between her two brothers, holding the bunch of fishes while her two brothers stand there empty handed.
Marie then hands 1-year old Robert over to Christine. She goes and takes the fishes away from Dana and David, telling them, "You two are going to mess up the kitchen floor with these wet fishes!" Marie walks away with the fishes and goes through the hallway as Winston follows behind her. David goes to Christine and puts his arm around her shoulders as Christine continues to hold Robert. David and Christine then follow behind Winston and Marie into the hallway. Sammy and Thomas annoyingly look at Dana, then walk away from her as she sadly looks at them. Sammy and Thomas pass by Missy and Londa as they go to follow behind their parents and grandparents into the hallway. Missy's hand is still trembling with the cup of milk. Dana sees the cup of milk trembling in Missy's hand. Puzzled, she looks at the cup of milk. Then she looks at Missy and gives Missy a cold stare. Missy and Londa nervously look at Dana. Then Missy nervously looks away from Dana and starts to drink the cup of milk. Dana starts to walk away as she continues to stare at Missy. Then she looks down at Londa and gently touches Londa on the head and shoulders as she walks pass her. Londa turns her head around towards Dana as Dana goes by her.
Soon, Landa and Linda come running and stomping back into the kitchen. They both run right into Dana. They look up and see their older sister. They both put their arms up to Dana so she can pick them both up. Dana tries to pick them both up, but instead, she gently takes each of their hands and walks away with them both into the hallway.  Landa and Linda jump and skip along each side of Dana as Dana walks away with them. Missy and Londa stare at Dana, Landa and Linda as Dana, Landa and Linda follow their brothers, parents and grandparents way down the hallway. Londa then runs and follows behind Dana, leaving Missy all alone. As Missy stares at them, she sees Dana turning around towards Londa, gently taking Londa's hand also. Missy stares at them as they all continue to walk way down the hallway and disappear into the next room. Missy then faces her head forward. She continues to sit there in the kitchen all alone. She nervously starts to drink her milk again. Then she stops drinking her milk and stares nervously into the air. She frightening­ly stares at the radio on the kitchen counter as it continues to play reggae music. She frighteningly starts to think about the mainte­nance man! She is haunted by his screams echoing in her mind! She is then interrupted by someone tapping her on the opposite shoulder. Missy frighteningly turns around to look! She sees Helen, one of the school staff members, calling out, "Missy! Missy!"  Helen has just snapped Missy back into the present. She snaps Missy out of her trance of flashbacks of herself as a small child down in Jamaica with her family. Missy is her adult self again. Helen taps Missy on the shoulder as Missy still lays resting on the couch inside the back of the school office. Missy continues to frighteningly look at Helen as Helen, puzzled, asks, "Missy are you alright? You were just laying here out of it! Is everything okay? You're trembling! You look like you're in a daze Missy! Is everything alright?"
Missy continually stares at Helen. Then she nervously says, "I'm alright Helen. I'll be okay."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah. I'll be fine. Thanks." Missy starts to sit up. She then says, "Listen Helen, I think I'm gonna take the rest of the day off and go home. I just don't feel right today."
"Okay, no problem Missy. I'll walk with you to the front."
"Okay." Missy then gets up from the couch and starts to walk out the room with Helen. Helen hugs on to Missy. She and Missy leave the room and close the back room door behind themselves.
The next day, Kathy has a funeral. Her mother Julie and Raymond are there at the funeral crying uncontrollably, as they stand beside Kathy's casket. They start to leave the casket. As Raymond and Julie leave the casket, Missy and her siblings stand aside. They are all at the funeral. All of Missy's siblings are there at the funeral, except for Dana.  They are all in tears. They hear the sad music of Kirk Franklin playing in the background. Missy then approaches Kathy's casket. She looks at Kathy's body and sees Kathy's neck covered up. She nervously and shakily lifts the lining off of Kathy's neck. She sees Kathy's neck badly butchered! She becomes horrified as her siblings stand aside horrified, looking on at Kathy's neck! Missy quickly and nervously places the lining back on Kathy's neck as her siblings remain shocked and horrified! Missy then looks at Kathy's sad lifeless face and cries to her, "I'm sorry Kathy! I'm so sorry," as she weeps uncontrollably. Sammy and Thomas approach Missy. They wrap their arms around Missy's shoulders as they horrifyingly look towards Kathy's neck. Then they lead Missy away from the casket as Robert and the triplets remain aside, still shocked and horrified as they stare at Kathy's body! Missy, Sammy and Thomas then approach Raymond. They give their condolences to Raymond and Julie. Missy tries to comfort Raymond. She sees how sad and deeply hurt he is about Kathy's murder. She puts her arms around Raymond and hugs him tightly as Raymond puts his arms back around her. They both cry uncontrol­lably as they hold tightly on to each other. Sammy and Thomas then give Raymond a gentle pat on his shoulders showing him their sor­row and grief. They also come to Julie, showing her their sympathy also.
After the funeral, Missy and her siblings sadly walk back to then-van. They all get inside the van, then drive off. Sammy sits behind the wheel driving as Robert sits on the passenger side next to him. The triplets sit in the second back seat as Missy and Thomas sit in the third back seat. They are all sad, upset and in tears. Thomas turns to Missy and says, "You know Missy, we saw Kathy's neck butchered up when you had lifted that lining off of her. It was a hor­rible sight! That's why they had her neck covered up! They said that Kathy's body was butchered so badly, she was about to have a closed casket funeral! But they changed their minds and decided to have her casket opened." Missy sadly looks at Thomas. Then she sadly starts to think of Kathy. She gets flashbacks and memories of Kathy calling her name out, approaching her in the school hallway. She gets flashbacks and memories of Kathy fearing for her life, begging Missy to seek Dana's forgiveness for her. Missy starts to cry her eyes out very silently.  She is very sad for what happened to Kathy and sorry that she couldn't be of any help. Thomas looks at Missy and puts his arm around her shoulders, trying to comfort her.  Missy then lays her head down on Thomas' lap and starts to weep silently. The triplets have their heads turned around, sadly staring at Missy as Missy weeps silently.




















Chapter 16

Dana's Court Appearance


It is three and a half weeks later now. Dana's court date arrives. She appears in court with her criminal lawyers George Hanson and Walter Stevens, which her grandparents Gracy and Mike have hired for her again. Dana's family and friends are all outside in the hall­way of the court building. They are all nervous and tense. David, Gracy and Marie hold on to an upset Christine. They then lead Christine inside the courtroom followed by Christine's other family members. David's family walks into the courtroom, followed by the rest of his family and Dana's friends. Everyone goes to take a seat. Dana's entire family and relatives are all inside the courtroom, including her parents, both sets of grandparents, aunts, uncles, broth­ers, sisters, her many cousins, including Diane D. Tony is also inside the courtroom as he sits with Michael, Joseph and Teresa.
The court starts to begin. Prosecutor Pete Daniels, a dark-haired white male, with a receded hairline around his late 40's, puts Raymond on the witness stand. After the sworn, Pete Daniels says to Raymond, "State your name please."
"Raymond Williams."
"Now Mr. Williams, how long had you and the victim Kathy Lupont been together? How long had you two been seeing each other?"
"We'd been together for around seven or eight years." 
"Now Mr. Williams, when your girlfriend Kathy Lupont was
alive, were you aware of her having some kind of problem with Miss Dana Brown?" 
"Yes."
"What kind of problem did your girlfriend Kathy Lupont have with Miss Dana Brown?"
"Kathy claimed that she had spotted Dana following her a couple of times."
"Oh yeah? Did Kathy knew why Miss Dana Brown was following her?" 
"Yes."
"What did Kathy think that Miss Dana Brown was following her for?"
"Kathy thought that Dana was following her out of retaliation." 
"Retaliation? What kind of retaliation?"
"Well over two years ago, Kathy and her friends had beaten up on Missy, who is Dana's sister."
"Oh yeah? Why was your girlfriend Kathy and her buddies beat­ing up on Missy, Dana's sister?"
"Well Missy and I work together at an elementary school. We worked at the elementary school for years and we became very good friends. Kathy didn't like the idea of Missy and I being good friends. She was very jealous. She never liked the idea of Missy and I being so close that she came up to the school and verbally attacked Missy a few times. She accused Missy of seeing me. Missy told Kathy that there was nothing going on between herself and I, but Kathy refused to believe it. Then one afternoon, Kathy and three of her friends came after Missy when Missy had left the school. They beat and ganged up on Missy! Missy went home crying and bleeding! That's when her sister Dana came after Kathy and Kathy's buddies with a baseball bat! One of Kathy's buddies died from the fight! Then Dana was sent to prison for around two years! Dana came out of prison! When Dana came out of prison, that's when Kathy spotted Dana fol­lowing her!"
"So when the victim Kathy spotted Dana following her, that's when the victim Kathy started to fear for her life, right?" 
"Yes."
"She feared so much for her life, that she went to court to get an order of protection against Miss Dana Brown, right?" 
"Right."
"And she feared so much for her life, that she carried a gun!"
Dana, her family and friends become shock and stunned hearing this as Pete Daniels continues, "Do you know anything about a gun Mr. Williams?"
"A gun? What gun?"
"A gun had been found on the victim's body! A loaded gun!"
Dana, her family and friends remain shocked as Pete Daniels continues, "Do you know anything about the gun, or did you knew that your girlfriend Kathy was armed with a gun? Especially a loaded gun?"
Raymond does not want to jeopardize himself by telling the courts that it was he himself who had gotten the gun for Kathy. He does not even want Missy, Dana or anyone else in their family to know that it was him who had gotten the gun intended for Dana! He fears that they might somehow become hurt and angry and that Dana might somehow retaliate, so he lies and says, "No! I don't know anything about a gun! I didn't know that Kathy had a gun!" Dana and her lawyers look on at Raymond as Raymond continues, "I knew that Kathy had feared for her life! I knew that Kathy had felt that her life was in danger, but I was not aware of her arming herself with a gun!"
"No?"
"No!"
Pete Daniels finishes questioning Raymond and tells him, "Okay Mr. Williams you may step down."
Raymond gets up from the chair and steps down from the wit­ness stand. He goes to take a seat. As Raymond sits there in tears, he now realizes that the gun still did not save Kathy.
Pete Daniels then calls for an older gray-haired white male to take the stand. After the sworn, Pete Daniels says, "State your name please."
"Rolen Green."
"Now Mr. Green? You work in the same building that Kathy Lupont lived in before she died, right?" 
"Right."
"You're the building superintendent, right?" 
"That's right."
"Now Mr. Green, didn't you say that just a couple of nights before the victim Kathy Lupont was found murdered, that one of the tenants who lives in the building that you work in, came up to you and complained to you, that there was a suspicious character stand­ing right outside the front entrance of the building, trying to get inside?"
"Yes that's true."
"And who was this tenant that came up to you and complained to you about the suspicious character that was standing outside of the building?"
"The tenant was a woman named Phyllis Meyers."
"Phyllis Meyers, huh?"
"Yes."
"Can you point out this Phyllis Meyers please?"
"Yes. She's the woman sitting right there," as he points to a mid­dle aged woman with a very fair complexion.
Pete Daniels approaches Phyllis Meyers and asks Rolen, "And you say that this woman right here, Phyllis Meyers, is the one who came up to you and complained to you, that there was a suspicious character standing right outside the front entrance of the building, trying to get inside?"
"That's right."
"Now Mr. Green, where were you at the time Phyllis Meyers came up to you and approached you?"
"I was coming out of the boiler room at the time Phyllis Meyers came up to me and approached me."
"And why were you in the boiler room Mr. Green?"
"Because the tenants had called me that night and complained to me that they didn't have any hot water in the building! So I had to go to the boiler room to fix the boiler!"
"What time of the day or night was it when you went to the boil­er room and Phyllis Meyers came up to you and approached you?"
"It was around 1:30, late at night."
"1:30 late at night, huh? And 1:30 or 2:00 late at night is around the same time of night that the police think Kathy Lupont was stabbed to death, which happened exactly two nights later! Now Mr. Green, what were Phyllis Meyers' exact words when she had come up to you and complained to you about the suspicious character standing outside the building that night? What kind of description did Phyllis Meyers give you about the suspicious character?"
"Well, when I was coming out of the boiler room late that night, I saw Phyllis Meyers. She had come and ran up to me! She seemed very scared of something! I asked her what's wrong! She said that there is a suspicious person standing right outside the front entrance of the building, trying to get inside!  Phyllis said that the person was kind of big and husky! She said that the person was dressed all in black. She said that they were wearing a long black jacket, a black hat all the way down to their eyes, almost covering their eyes, a black scarf covering the bottom of their face and mouth, dark sun­glasses, a pair of black gloves, black pants and thick black shoes! Phyllis said that when she was in the lobby getting her mail out of the mail box, she said that she heard someone knocking and bang­ing on the glass door behind her. Phyllis said that when she turned around to look, that's when she saw the suspicious person, banging outside on the glass door, asking her to let them inside the building! Phyllis said that she came almost near the door, trying to find out what the person wanted. Phyllis said that the person told her right through the glass door that they had to visit a very sick elderly rela­tive who lives in the building. Phyllis said that she had her doubts, so she didn't let the person inside the building. Phyllis said that she had got so scared of the suspicious character that she ran out of the lobby! Then she ran down the corridor! That's when she saw me coming out of the boiler room and ran up to me! That's when she told me about the suspicious character! When I came to the front lobby to see and investigate, I didn't see anyone outside the door or the building!"
"You didn't?"
"No."
"And you said that this all happened just a couple of nights before the victim Kathy Lupont was found murdered?" 
"Yeah that's right."
"Thank you Mr. Green. You may step down now."
Rolen gets up from the chair and steps down from the witness stand. He goes to take a seat. Pete Daniels then calls for Phyllis Meyers to take the stand. Phyllis Meyers, who lives in Kathy's building, goes to take the stand. After the sworn, Pete Daniels says to Phyllis, "State your name please."
"Phyllis Meyers."
"Now Miss Meyers, I understand that you work in a hospital, right?"
"Yes I do."
"And I understand that you work the evening and night shift at your job, right?" 
"Yes I do."
"Which means that you come home late at night, right?" 
"Yes that's true."
"Now Miss Meyers, is it true that around 1:30 late one night, you were in the lobby of your building, getting your mail out of the mail box after you had gotten off of work?"
"Yes, that's true."
"And what did you see or hear when you were in the lobby of your building that night? What did you see or hear as you were get­ting your mail out of the mail box?"
"As I was coming home from work, I got out of the cab and went to my building. I unlocked the front door and went inside the build­ing. Then the front door closed behind me. Before I go upstairs to my apartment, I usually stop by the mail box to get my mail. As I was getting my mail out of the mail box, I heard someone knocking on the glass door behind me. I turned around to look. That's when I saw a suspicious character dressed all in black! They were wearing a long black jacket, a black hat all the way down to their eyes, almost covering their eyes, a black scarf covering the bottom of their face and mouth, dark sunglasses, a pair of black gloves, black pants and thick black shoes! They were knocking on the glass door! I almost came near the door! I was trying to find out what that person wanted! The person told me in a very low voice that they had to hurry and get into the building to see and visit a very sick elderly rel­ative that lives in the building! The person told me that they didn't have a key to get into the building, so they asked me could I open the door and let them inside the building! Then I asked the person, well why don't they just call their sick elderly relative on the inter­com! The person told me that their sick elderly relative was very hard of hearing, and that their sick elderly relative won't be able to hear the intercom! The person told me that every time they call their sick elderly relative on the intercom, their sick elderly relative never answers it! The person told me that they usually have to wait for someone else to come by and let them inside the building, that's how they usually get in! So the person asked me again, could I open the door and let them in! I hesitated! I didn't know what to do! I just stood there frozen! Then the person just looked right at me through the glass door and through those dark sunglasses! They didn't say anything else, they just kept staring right at me, like they were des­perately waiting for me to open the door! I became more scared! That's when I decided to turn the other way and run! I ran all the way near the end of the building!  That's when I saw Rolen Green com­ing out of the boiler room! I ran up to him! He asked me what's wrong! That's when I told him that there was a suspicious character standing right outside the front entrance of the building, trying to get inside! So Rolen walked to the lobby! I followed him! When we reached the lobby and looked towards the front entrance, the person was gone! We decided to call the police! After a while, the police arrived! They came to investigate! They looked all around the area, inside and outside the building, but couldn't find anybody!"
"And you say that this all happened just a couple of nights before the victim Kathy Lupont was found murdered in the stair­well?"
"That's right!"
"Now Miss Meyers, would you recognize this suspicious person if you were to see them again?"
"I don't know! Like I said, the person was wearing a long black jacket and a black hat! They were wearing the black hat all the way down to their eyes and they were wearing very dark sunglasses! They were also wearing a black scarf around the bottom of their face and mouth! I couldn't really see the person's face!"
"No?"
"No!"
"Miss Meyers, do you know whether this suspicious person that was standing right outside the front entrance of your building that night was a man, or a woman?"
"I don't know!"
"You don't know?"
"No!"
"Well describe the clothes that the person was wearing, the long black jacket, the black hat, the black scarf around their face, the black gloves, the black pants and the thick black shoes! Were those masculine clothes or feminine clothes?"
"All the clothes looked very masculine to me! Especially the long black jacket, the black pants and the thick black shoes! Those looked like masculine clothes that the person was wearing!"
"It did?"
"Yes."
"Okay Miss Meyers, what size was this suspicious character when you spotted them at the front entrance of your building? Was this suspicious character a small person or a large person? Were they tall or were they short? Were they heavy or were they thin?"  
"Oh the person looked sort of big to me!" 
"They looked big?"
"Yes! Sort of big and husky! They looked pretty strong!"
"They looked strong?"
"Yes!"
"I bet they looked strong enough to break down the door, huh?"
"OBJECTION!" George Hanson shouts.
"Okay Miss Meyers," Pete Daniels continues. "Now, you said that this suspicious character actually spoke to you through the glass door! You said that the person told you that they had to hurry and get into the building to see and visit a very sick elderly relative that lives in the building! You said that the person told you that they didn't have a key to get into the building, so they asked you to open the door and let them inside the building! You also said that the person told you that their sick elderly relative was hard of hearing and that their sick elderly relative won't be able to hear the intercom! So the person asked you again could you open the door and let them inside the building! That means that you actually heard the person's voice, right?"
"Right!"
"Well describe the person's voice to me! When you heard the person's voice, was it a man's voice or a woman's voice?"
"I'm not sure! Like I said, the person spoke to me in a very low voice, sort of like a hoarse whisper! I couldn't really tell whether the person's voice was a man's or a woman's!"
Pete Daniels then walks right over to Dana. He points his hand to Dana and asks, "Miss Meyers, is this person right here the suspi­cious character you saw standing right outside the front entrance of your building that night?"
"OBJECTION!" Walter Stevens shouts.
Pete Daniels continues, "Is this person right here the suspicious character you said spoke to you through the glass door that night, asking you to let them inside the building?"
"OBJECTION!" Walter Stevens shouts again as a puzzled Phyllis looks at Dana.
Dana firmly sits there between her lawyers and looks right back at Phyllis! Phyllis nervously says, "I don't know, I'm not sure! Like I said, I didn't see the person's face! I couldn't see the person's face because their entire face was almost covered up!"
"Okay Miss Meyers," Pete Daniels says. "You may step down."
Phyllis Meyers gets up from the chair and steps down from the witness stand. She then goes to take a seat.
After Phyllis Meyers takes a seat, Pete Daniels surprises every­body by calling for Tony to take the stand! Dana, her family and her friends are all stunned as Tony is called to take the stand! Tony stunned gets up from his seat. Everyone looks on as Tony goes to take the stand. After the sworn, Pete Daniels says, "State your name please."
"Anthony Mitchell."
"Okay Mr. Mitchell. Now I understand that Dana Brown is your girlfriend, right?" 
"That's correct."
"And she's been your girlfriend for a many number of years, since High School right?" 
"That's right."
"Now Mr. Mitchell, do you and Miss Dana Brown live togeth­er?"
"Yes we do."
"And how long have you and Miss Dana Brown lived together?" 
"For around six or seven years."
"So you two have lived together up to the time and night of Kathy Lupont's murder, right?" 
"That's right."
"Now Mr. Mitchell, where were you the night of Kathy Lupont's murder?"
"I was at home in the bed."
"And where was your girlfriend Dana at the time and night of the murder?"
"Dana was at home in the bed also. She was sleeping." 
"From what time did you first saw your girlfriend Dana at home?"
"When I first came home from work." 
"What time was that?" 
"Around 6:00 in the evening."
"And what was your girlfriend Dana doing when you first came home from work? What was she doing when you first walked into your apartment?"
"She was in the kitchen cooking."
"After you saw your girlfriend Dana in the kitchen that evening of the murder, where was she the whole entire night into the next morning?"
"She was in the bed sleeping."
"Was Dana in the bed sleeping the whole entire night into the next morning?" 
"Yes she was." 
"How do you know that?" 
"I Was there."
"I know you were there, but were you asleep yourself the whole entire night, or were you awake?"
"I was drifting in and out of sleep. I kept waking up back and forth all night."
"And why was that?"
"I had a slight headache that night! I couldn't sleep too well."
"Okay Mr. Mitchell, how often did you keep waking up back and forth all night?"
"Almost around every fifteen minutes I guess."
"Now Mr. Mitchell, the times you kept waking up back and forth all night, did you see your girlfriend Dana right there in the bed with you each and every time you woke up?"
"Yes I did."
"What was she doing?"
"She was sleeping. She never woke up until around 6:00 the next morning."
"Are you sure?" 
"Yes I'm sure."
"And to what time did you last saw your girlfriend Dana at home the night or morning of the murder?"
"I last saw Dana at home around 8:00 that same morning. That's when she left the apartment to go to work."
"So your girlfriend Dana first walked out of the apartment around 8:00 the next morning of the murder?"
"Yes. That's the time she usually leaves when she goes to work."
"Okay Mr. Mitchell, you may step down."
Tony gets up from the chair and steps down from the witness stand. He then goes to take a seat.
Pete Daniels then calls for Dana to take the stand. Dana gets up from her seat. She goes to take the witness stand. Her family and friends all look on. After the sworn, Pete Daniels says, "State your name please."
"Dana Brown."
"Now Miss Brown, have you ever been near or around the vic­tim Kathy Lupont's home or apartment building?"
Dana hesitates. Then she firmly says, "I don't know whether I had been there or not."
"Well the victim claimed to have spotted you there at one time following her! You do not live anywhere near the victim! What were you doing near or around the victim's area?"
"I don't remember being in that area."
"Well have you ever been near or around the victim's boyfriend's home or apartment building? The victim's boyfriend right here, Raymond," Pete Daniels says as he points his hand towards Raymond. "Have you ever been near his home?"
"I don't know whether I had been there or not!"
"The victim had spotted you there also at one time following her! The victim claimed to have spotted you walking and standing a block away from her, looking at her as she was getting off a city bus, which is near where her boyfriend Raymond lives! Were you walk­ing and standing a block away from the bus stop, watching the vic­tim?"
"I don't remember!"
"Being that the victim had spotted you following her twice in the past, the victim felt that she was being stalked! The victim had feared for her life! She had feared so much for her life that she had to wind up getting a restraining order against you! Have you ever been inside the victim's apartment building, and if you did, how did you get access inside the building?"
"I don't remember being in any apartment building around that time, other than my own!"
"You don't remember?"
"I don't remember!"
Pete Daniels frustratingly lets out a sigh! He firmly puts his hands on his hips as he frustratingly shouts, "THE VICTIM CLAIMED TO HAVE SPOTTED YOU FOLLOWING HER AND STALKING HER TWICE! ONE TIME NEAR HER PLACE, ANOTHER TIME NEAR HER BOYFRIEND RAYMOND'S PLACE! THE VICTIM CLAIMED TO HAVE RECOGNIZED YOUR FACE WHILE YOU WERE WALKING AND STANDING ON THE NEXT BLOCK, LOOKING AT HER, WATCHING HER AS SHE WAS GETTING OFF A CITY BUS, WHICH IS NEAR WHERE HER BOYFRIEND RAYMOND LIVES!  THE VICTIM HAD DESCRIBED THE DARK BROWN LEATHER JACKET THAT YOU WERE WEARING THAT DAY, DO YOU REMEM­BER THAT PART?"
Dana does not respond to that statement. She just sits there star­ing at Pete Daniels. Then she looks straight ahead towards the back of the courtroom, not saying a word. Her family and friends ner­vously look on.
Pete Daniels angrily shouts, "I ASKED DO YOU REMEMBER THAT PART?"
Dana still does not respond. She continues to sit there looking straight ahead towards the back of the courtroom. Pete Daniels frus­tratingly shouts, "WELL WHAT PART DO YOU REMEMBER MISS BROWN?"
Dana still does not respond. She continues to sit there looking straight ahead towards the back of the courtroom, starting to show deep anger. Her teeth start to grind. Her fists start to bawl! Her fam­ily and friends become frightened and nervous! They see Dana angrily grinding her teeth and bawling her fists as they frighteningly and nervously look on! Shocked, George Hanson and Walter Stevens look at Dana! George Hanson then stands up and says, "Now wait a minute everybody! No one saw Dana commit the mur­der! There is absolutely no proof of who committed the murder! There isn't enough evidence! There were no dead skin under the vic­tim's fingernails to tell if the victim had been in any kind of fight or struggle!"
"THERE DIDN'T SEEM TO BE A STRUGGLE!" Pete Daniels shouts! "IT APPEARS THAT THE KILLER MIGHT HAVE AMBUSHED THE VICTIM! IT APPEARS THAT THE KILLER MIGHT HAVE CAUGHT THE VICTIM BY SURPRISE AND THAT THE VICTIM DIDN'T HAVE TIME TO FIGHT BACK OR RUNAWAY!"
"THERE WERE NO MURDER WEAPONS AROUND!" Walter Stevens stands up and shouts. "THERE WERE NO FIN­GERPRINT CLUES AROUND! THERE WERE NO WITNESSES AROUND! THERE WERE NO OTHER TRACES OF BLOOD AT THE SCENE BESIDES THE VICTIM'S BLOOD! ONLY THE VICTIM'S BLOOD WAS AT THE SCENE!"
After the long court procedure, it is now over. The courts cannot find any possible proof or any evidence against Dana. Without any proof, evidence or any witnesses the courts let Dana go, unless further evidence could be found against her, or any other possible sus­pects who could have committed the murder. Dana is able to walk away, not having to face any jail time again. Her family and friends are all happy and there for her. They hurry to Dana and start to sur­round her, hugging and kissing all over her. They then lead Dana out of the courtroom.
Outside the courtroom, Dana's family and relatives continue to surround her. Anne and Darryl then come across Diane D outside the courtroom. They pull Diane D to the side. They then bring Diane D towards the other end of the hall. Anne whispers, "Diane, do you know or think that your cousin Dana could have murdered Kathy, or do you know or think that Dana could have murdered Sandra?"
"I do not know anything," Diane D annoyingly says.  "I don't know what to think.  I don't know who killed that woman Kathy! I don't know who killed that woman Sandra either! I wasn't there when any of it happened!"
"Diane, being that you and Dana are such close cousins and you two practically grew up together, why don't you or someone else in your family just question Dana about whether she murdered Kathy or not," Darryl says.
"Now what makes you think that Dana's gonna come out and tell me or anyone else in our family that she murdered somebody, even if we did question her about it?!"
Anne and Darryl look at Diane D.  They then look at each other, not knowing what to say.

Dana goes home with her family to her grandparents' house. She stays with her family for a week. Tony stays at his apartment alone, but keeps calling Dana's family's house everyday, checking on Dana to make sure she is alright.
Deep down in the back of everyone's mind, including Dana's entire family, her relatives, her friends, all of her co-workers at the stockroom and all of Missy's co-workers at the school all kind of wonder, could it have been Dana? Could Dana have murdered Kathy? Could Dana have murdered Sandra? Was Tony telling the truth on that witness stand when he told the courts that Dana was at home in the bed with him the whole entire night of Kathy's murder? Was Tony covering up for Dana? Was Tony covering up for Dana because he feared losing her and feared that she would wind up back in prison again? Everyone knows that Tony has complained many of times before in the past that he would wake up in the middle of the night and find Dana gone, out of the bed and out of the apartment and he would not know where she is! Everyone knows that Tony sometimes wakes up in the middle of the night and find Dana gone, because he would call all over the place looking for her! Everyone knows that Dana has a violent temper. Everyone knew that Dana might have had a motive for what Kathy and Sandra did to her sis­ter Missy! Everyone knows that Dana had chased Kathy and all of Kathy's friends with a baseball bat, not too far away from the school where Missy and Raymond work! Everyone knew that Dana took it the hardest and was very bitter when Kathy and her friends had ganged up and beat on her sister Missy, yet neither Kathy nor her friends were sent to jail or prison! Everyone knew that Dana was furious about being sent to prison and having to be put on probation! Everyone knows that Kathy had claimed a couple of times before in the past to have spotted Dana following her twice! Once near her home and once near her boyfriend Raymond's home, even though Dana does not live anywhere near Kathy or Raymond.  Everyone knows that Kathy had an order of protection issued against Dana!
Even if it could have been Dana who committed the murder, she doesn't admit it to anyone. She has never really denied murdering Kathy to her family nor her friends. She just refuses to talk about it. No one in Dana's family or any of her friends dare to question her about whether she murdered Kathy or not. They all just continue to wonder and keep their mouths shut and their thoughts to themselves.
Another week soon passes. Dana then moves back in with Tony. A few days later, Christine and her family members start to head back to Jamaica. David, his parents Gracy and Mike, Sammy, Thomas, Missy and Robert all walk Christine and her family mem­bers through Kennedy Airport. They go through the airport terminals as they walk towards the departure gate. When they all reach the departure gate, Christine gives all her children a big hug and kiss. She then hugs and kisses David, Gracy and Mike as her family mem­bers hug her children.
Afterwards, Christine and her family members start to go through the departure gate. Christine tells David, "Tell Dana I'll call her when we reach home!"
"Okay Christine!"
Once Christine and her family members pass through the depar­ture gate, they all wave and say "Goodbye" as they start to head down the corridor. David, his parents and his children watch Christine and her family members as they walk down the corridor.



























































Chapter 17

Little Girl Lost


One Friday afternoon about a week later, Mark, Dana's upstairs neighbor, stands outside his building. He sees some small children coming home from school. He then* sees a group of around 6 small black girls, ages about 8 or 9 just skipping along in a line. They are all about to skip pass him. He then notices a skinny taller girl with a very dark complexion, wearing a light framed glasses, a light col­ored dress, and bangs in front of her head, in the back of the group. She is wearing a knapsack on her back. Mark comes up to her and stops her. The other little girls stop a little. Mark says to the little girl, "I'm sorry to bother you, but could you do me a favor? Could you send a letter to somebody that I know in this building?"
Mark hands the little girl an envelope. He asks the little girl, "Could you deliver this letter to apartment 4-D. 4-D is the apartment where a woman named Dana lives in. She lives there with her boyfriend, I think his name is Tony, I'm not sure." Mark gives the little girl a dollar and tells her, "Make sure that you give this enve­lope to a woman named Dana, alright? Give the envelope to Dana and nobody else! Do not leave there until Dana reads the note inside the envelope, okay? Come right back to me and let me know what happens or what Dana has to say."
"Okay," the little girl says. She turns away and starts to skip along. She skips towards Mark's building. The other little girls decide to leave. They continue to skip along towards the other direc­tion.
The little girl soon enters Mark's building. She goes inside the lobby and skips all the way down the long corridor to the elevator. A few minutes later, the little girl reaches the 4th floor and looks around for apartment 4-D. She finds apartment 4-D and rings the doorbell. There is no answer. The little girl rings the doorbell again. There still is no answer. After the little girl rings the doorbell a cou­ple of more times, she hears someone on the other side of the door. She hears the door unlocking. She sees the door opening. When the door opens, she sees a serious looking Dana at the door, wearing a green tank top with a shirt over it and dark green leggings. The lit­tle girl asks, "Is your name Dana?"
"Yeah," Dana replies.
"I have a letter for you." The little girl hands Dana the envelope. Dana takes the envelope and looks at it. She looks at the little girl and asks, "Where's this from?"
"It's from the man downstairs."
"What man?"
"I don't know his name. He just told me to wait here until you read the letter inside."
Dana looks at the little girl. Then she opens up the envelope, takes a letter out of it and reads it. It says: I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU AND I WANT TO BE WITH YOU. MARK: Dana angrily looks at the letter! Then she looks at the little girl! She turns and angrily goes towards her living room window to look outside! She looks for Mark, but does not see him anywhere from where her win­dow is.
Back outside, Mark is talking to another fellow named Albert who has a van. The van is playing loud Soul music as Mark and Albert talk with each other. Mark waits for the little girl to come back. He stands outside for a while. The little girl does not show back up. Mark becomes worried. It is almost 4:00 now. He knows that the little girl was on her way home from school. He knows that her mother or guardian might be waiting for her. He didn't expect the little girl to stay away for long. He had expected her to come right back out of the building. He keeps looking at his watch, but she does not return. Albeit notices Mark constantly looking at his watch and says, "You keep looking at your watch. You have someplace to go?"
"No. It's just that it's getting late."
"Late for what?"
Mark doesn't want Albert to know that he had sent a little girl off somewhere and she did not return, so he lies and tells Albert, "Oh nothing. I mean, it's getting late and my sister hasn't shown up here yet. But it's nothing. She'll be here shortly."
"Where is she supposed to be coming from?"
"Oh from work. Knowing her, she probably stopped off some­where to do some shopping or something like that."
"Yeah you know how women are. They like to shop till they drop!" Mark and Albert both start to laugh as Mark becomes more worried.
Mark soon decides to leave and make up an excuse to Albert saying, "Hey Albert, I'm gonna go upstairs for a few minutes. I'm going to see if my sister had left any messages on my answering machine. I'll be back."
"Okay. I'll be here."
Mark starts to walk towards his building. He enters the building and goes down the corridor to the elevator. A few minutes later, he arrives on the 4th floor. He does not see anyone. He goes to apart­ment 4-D. He rings the doorbell. There is no answer. He rings the doorbell again. There is still no answer. Mark continues to ring the doorbell for quite a few times. There still is no answer. He starts to bang on the door a little bit, but there still is no answer. Mark decides to leave and go back downstairs. He soon exits the building and looks around outside, hoping to see the little girl or the group of her friends that she was skipping with earlier. He does not see them any­where. He goes to Albert and tells him, "Listen Albert, I gotta get ready to go, okay? My sister couldn't make it here for some reason, so I'm going to meet her, okay?"
"Okay Mark." Albert gets into his van and tells Mark, "I'll see you later, alright?"
"Alright," Mark says as Albert starts up the engine and pulls off.
Mark starts to go around the neighborhood to look for the little girl because it is getting more late. It is almost 5:00! Mark figures that the little girl had probably went home and forgot all about him, but if she had went home, Mark would have seen her come out the building. The little girl does not live in Mark and Dana's building. Mark guess that the little girl lives in the building across the field because that's where her group of friends had skipped towards. Mark decides to go over to the building across the field to see if the little girl had shown up around there yet, or to see if he could catch any of her little friends that she was skipping along with. Mark reaches the area, but does not see the little girl or any of her little Mends. He figures that the little girl is probably home already, so he decides to go home.
Mark stays in his apartment for a couple of hours. It is after 7:30 PM now. He wonders if the little girl had returned to her home yet. He decides to leave his apartment and go downstairs to the 4th floor. He reaches the 4th floor and goes to knock on apartment 4-D again. There is still no answer. Mark continues to knock a few times, but there still is no answer. Mark then goes downstairs outside the build­ing. He decides to go towards the building across the field again. He wants to see if the little girl or any of her little Mends are anywhere around that area. As Mark approaches the building, he sees a crowd of people in front of the building. He sees the police around the area. He sees the police talking with a woman. The woman is crying. She is upset and worried. Mark then asks one of the people in the crowd, "Hey, what's going on here?"
One of the people in the crowd tells Mark, "That woman's cry­ing because her daughter hadn't come home from school yet and it is almost 8:00!"
Mark starts to gasp! He then asks the person, "How does the woman's child look like?"
The person describes the child to Mark. Mark gasps again! It's the little girl that he had sent to Dana and Tony's apartment! He knows that he is responsible for the little girl not coming home. He is nervous. He then hurries away to his building!
Mark soon enters inside his building and hurries to the elevator. A few minutes later, he steps out the elevator on the 4th floor. He goes to apartment 4-D again and starts to bang on the door! There is still no answer! He rings the doorbell very hard! There still is no answer. He bangs on the door a few more times, there is still no answer. Mark becomes more and more worried! He decides to walk away. He then looks up towards the ceiling and quickly starts to head back to the elevator. A few minutes later, Mark gets out on the top floor of his building and heads towards the staircase. He goes up the staircase and steps out on the roof. He looks all around the roof, but does not see anyone or anything suspicious up there. He goes back down the stairs. A couple of minutes later, he enters back into his apartment.
As Mark is sitting in his apartment, the doorbell rings.  He goes to open the door and sees a Mend of his, a male black around his mid 30's. He says, "Hey Ron, what's up?"
"What's up? I've been trying to call you for a while, but every time I call, you weren't here! Where were you man?"
"Oh I was running out back and forth. I had some important errands to do."
"You did? Well are we still gonna go to the card game at Junior's tonight?"
"Yeah, I guess so. Come on let's go," Mark says as he goes to grab his jacket out of the coat closet. He and Ron then leave out of the apartment.
As Ron and Mark are both walking out in the hallway, Mark tells Ron, "I have to make a quick stop on the way downstairs. I have to stop by the 4th floor real quick to check on a neighbor."
"No problem," Ron says as he and Mark get into the elevator.
A minute later, Mark and Ron are at apartment 4-D. Mark rings the doorbell. He and Ron wait for a while. There is still no answer. Mark rings the doorbell again. There is still no answer. Ron says, "I guess your neighbor isn't home."
"No I guess they didn't come home yet."
Mark and Ron then leave from apartment 4-D and start to head back to the elevator. Ron then asks, "Who is your neighbor by the way?"
"Oh it's just some old guy I had borrowed a few dollars from. I guess I can catch him tomorrow and pay him back." 
"Okay."
Ron and Mark then get inside the elevator and ride downstairs.
It is after 9:00 now. It is very dark outside. Mark and Ron are at a bus stop where a small crowd of people is waiting. As Ron and Mark stand around waiting for the bus, Mark hears a certain noise way out in the distance. He hears the sound of shoes running or skip­ping. He looks out towards the darkness. He notices something far beyond in the distance. He stands there and looks. He sees a small figure in a light colored dress skipping along way in the darkness. He becomes hysterical inside. He realizes that it's the little girl! No one else sees or notices the little girl. Mark then says to Ron, "Excuse me for a minute, I have to go to the bathroom real quick. I'll be back."
"Okay Mark. But don't be too long. The bus will be here shortly"
"Okay," Mark says as he hurries off.
Mark walks swiftly away from the bus stop. He goes out into the darkness. He hurries towards the spot where he saw the little girl skipping! When he reaches the spot, he does not see the little girl. He looks around. He sees the little girl again, way in the distance. The little girl is still skipping along in the darkness. Mark hurries towards the direction where he sees the little girl and calls out, "HEY! HEY!" He continues to go after the little girl. When he reaches the spot where he saw the little girl, he does not see her again. Every time Mark tries to catch up with the little girl, she just seems to vanish! He continues to try and go after the little girl!
After a while, Mark decides to stop and give up the chase! He gets tired and tries to catch his breath! He then says to himself, "Well at least she's still alive. Unless she's dead and I'm seeing her ghost!" Mark starts to head back to the bus stop. He reaches the bus stop where Ron and the small crowd of people are still waiting. The bus finally arrives. Everyone soon hops on the bus.
It is around 9:30 PM now. The police and a crowd of people are still standing outside around the little girl's building where her moth­er is still crying uncontrollably! People are all holding pictures of the little girl. There is a small group of people standing far from the lit­tle girl's building. A woman who is standing several feet away from the rest of the group looks at the picture of the little girl. She then hears a certain noise coming from way in the distance. She hears the sound of shoes running or skipping. She turns her head around to look. She notices something far in the distance. She sees a small fig­ure in a light colored outfit skipping far beyond in the distance, in the darkness. The small figure seems to be skipping towards her direction. The woman becomes puzzled. She doesn't know who that small figure is, but she could see that it's a small child. As the figure approaches closer, the woman then notices that the figure is a little girl, in a light colored dress. She wonders what is a little girl or small child doing being all by herself way out in the darkness like that! She starts to wonder where the little girl is coming from! The little girl continues to skip towards the woman's direction! She is skip­ping closer and closer towards the woman and the people in the crowd! The woman continues to look towards the little girl as the lit­tle girl continues to skip in the darkness. The little girl continues to skip closer and closer towards the woman and the people in the crowd.  As the little girl skips and approaches closer and closer, the woman starts to recognize the little girl's face! She looks at the pic­ture that she is holding! It is the face of the child in the picture that is reported missing! The woman then alerts the other people in the crowd! The crowd turns around and look! They see the little girl skipping and approaching closer and closer towards them also! They all start to look at the picture that each of them is holding! They then look back up towards the little girl as she continues to skip along in the darkness! They all wonder where is she coming from and why is she way out far in the darkness all by herself! They wonder who is with her! Everyone in the crowd thinks that it is very strange! The little girl continues to skip all the way towards the people, still with the knapsack on her back. The crowd starts to go towards the little girl and approach her. They ask the little girl where is she coming from and why is she way out in the darkness all by herself. They all tell the little girl that her mother is very, very worried about her and that the police are all over the neighborhood looking for her! They all start to bring the little girl towards her mother and the police right away! The crowd then approaches the little girl's mother and brings the little girl right to her. The mother becomes overjoyed! She is very happy to see that her child is safe and sound. She gets hysteri­cal with excitement and tells the little girl that she was worried sick! The mother then asks the little girl, "Where in the heck have you been?"
"I had ran into a friend that goes to my school! I went over to her house! I tried to call you, but you weren't home!"
"I wasn't home because I was standing outside all this time wait­ing for you!"
"I had left a message on the telephone answering machine!"
"Why hasn't anyone in your friend's family walked you home or came home with you?"
"My friend's family didn't know that I had left their house! I just walked out!"
The little girl's mother then gets overjoyed with excitement again and tells the police, "I will call her friend's family up when we get upstairs!" The little girl's mother happily takes her upstairs. Everyone in the crowd is happy that the little girl had come back home safely.
Around 12:00 midnight, Mark comes back home and approaches towards his building. He sees a small crowd of people standing in front of his building. He goes to the small crowd, wondering what is happening or what is going on! Mark looks around the crowd.  He then looks away from the crowd and sees Tony walking alone towards the building. Mark sees Tony dressed up in a suit, carrying a brief case. He sees Tony looking at the crowd outside the building. Mark then sees Tony approaching an older black gentleman in the crowd, asking, "Hey what happened? What's going on?"
The older gentleman tells Tony, "A young child had been miss­ing while she was on her way home from school. She had been miss­ing for around several hours, but she is home safe now."
"Oh yeah? Well what happened to her? I mean how was she found?"
Mark stands quietly listening to the conversation as the older gentleman tells Tony, "Oh she had come home on her own after she had wondered off somewhere to one of her little friend's house and didn't come home until around 9:30 tonight!"
"Nine thirty?"
"Yeah, but you know how children are. They like to go off and wonder somewhere."
"Yeah that's true. You got to keep an eye out for them."
"Yeah that's true too."
"I'm glad the child is home safe."
"Yeah, me too."
"Okay sir, you take care alright?" 
"Alright."
Tony walks away and goes into his building. Mark stares firmly behind at Tony as Tony walks away, down the corridor.



















Chapter 18

The Doctor's Office


A few minutes later, Tony is inside his apartment, looking around for Dana, calling out, "Dana! Dana!" He does not see her anywhere in the apartment. He takes his suit top off and goes to the telephone. He dials up Diane D and Michael's number. Diane D picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Diane! It's me Tony! What's happening?"
"Hey Tony! What's up?"
"Oh nothing much. I just got inside the apartment and Dana isn't home yet. Is she there?"
"Oh no, Dana's not here. I haven't seen her today."
"No?"
"Uh uh."
"Well Diane, since I have you on the phone, you think you can do me a big favor tomorrow?"
"A big favor? Well sure Tony, what is it?"
"Well Dana is supposed to go see the doctor tomorrow morning. She plans on getting her tubes tied and the doctor is supposed to examine her tomorrow before they could make any kind of appoint­ment for the actual procedure."
"Oh yeah? Dana is going to the doctor tomorrow to see about getting her tubes tied?"
"Yeah.  She's going in the morning."
"Really? I didn't know she was going to have this done so soon!  I mean she had told me and Teresa before that she was thinking about getting her tubes tied, but she didn't tell us that she was defi­nite or sure about it! Or she didn't tell us when she was going to have it done! I thought she had meant sometime in the future, like months or years from now."
"Oh no, she is going to get examined tomorrow! And I would like for you to go with Dana when she goes to see the doctor tomor­row, Diane."
"What? You want me to go with Dana to the doctor's office tomorrow?"
"Yeah. I would like for you and Teresa to both go with Dana to the doctor tomorrow. I would like you both to be there with Dana when she goes to see the doctor tomorrow morning. I mean if you and Teresa aren't too busy or anything. It would really mean a lot to me Diane if you and Teresa could both be there with Dana tomorrow when she goes to see the doctor. I want to go with her myself, but I have to go to work tomorrow. I'm gonna do some overtime at my job, so I won't be able to go with Dana to the doctor's office. I tried to call up Missy and the triplets to see if any of them would be able to go with Dana to the doctor, but none of them are home right now. I think they all had went out to a party somewhere and they proba­bly won't be home until late anyway!"
"Yeah? But why do you need somebody to go with Dana to the doctor's office, Tony?"
"Because Diane, I don't really know if Dana is actually going to go to the doctor's office tomorrow! I mean that's what she told me the other day! But that's what she always tells me when she doesn't come home until around 3:00 or 4:00 the next morning. Knowing Dana, every time she tells me that she's going to the doctor's office or the hospital, she leaves here around 9:00 or 10:00 one morning, and doesn't come home until around 3:00 or 4:00 the next morning! Now how many doctor's offices or appointments you know last that long, huh Diane? How many doctor's offices or appointments you know last for around 18 hours, huh? You tell me!"
"So you want somebody to go with Dana tomorrow morning to make sure that she is actually going to be at the doctor's office, right?"
"Right!"
"Well Tony, don't you trust her?"
"Well let me put it this way Diane. From the past experiences I had with Dana, leaving here some mornings, telling me that she is going to the doctor or the hospital and not coming home until the next morning or the next day, no I don't trust her Dian! That's why I want you and Teresa to both be right there with Dana when she goes to the doctor's office in the morning! I want you and Teresa to be right there with Dana at all times, alright? I want you two to keep an eye on Dana for me, okay? I really worry about her Diane."
"I know Tony. Dana is my cousin and I worry about her too. What do you think she does or where do you think she goes when she doesn't come home until the next morning?"
"I don't know Diane, I have no idea. I usually argue with Dana a lot of times because she would disappear for a whole day and stay out overnight without calling! She would not come home until around 2:00, 3:00 or 4:00 the next morning and I usually would not have any idea where she's been! You know many times during the middle of the night, Dana and I would lay in the bed together. I would have my arms wrapped tightly around her body to make sure she doesn't go anywhere or leave out of the apartment! Then I would fall asleep. The next thing I know is that when I wake up a few hours later, I would find Dana already gone, out of the apartment anyway! She always manages to sneak away from me while I'm asleep, hold­ing tightly on to her! And she always manages to sneak out of the apartment before I wake up! When I catch up with Dana later on, I would argue and question with her! Dana would always seem to have the same excuses all the time, that she had gotten sick and had to go to the hospital emergency, or she would tell me that her car broke down! I would ask Dana why don't she tell me when she decides to go to the hospital! I tell her that I would have gone to the hospital with her! She would tell me that same line, that she didn't want to wake or disturb me."
"Tony, you don't think that Dana could be living some kind of secret double life, do you?"
"I don't know Diane. I had always wondered that myself, because going to the doctor's office one morning and not coming home until the next day doesn't really seem right to me at all, and nobody sees or hears from Dana, or no one even knows where she's been at all night or anything like that! That's pretty strange you know."
"Yeah that does seem strange. Okay then Tony, I'll go with Dana to the doctor tomorrow morning."
"Oh you will?"
"Yeah. I'll go with her tomorrow. Dana is my cousin and I want to be there for her."
"Oh thanks a lot Diane!  I really appreciate this!"
"That's okay Tony. You know I would like to find out myself what Dana is up to."
"Yeah? Well me too Diane! That's why I want somebody or someone to be there with Dana at the doctor's office tomorrow! Now Diane, if you see or hear from Dana any time between now and tomorrow morning, don't let her know that you're planning on going to the doctor's office with her yet, alright? Because if Dana knows that you're planning on going to the doctor's office with her, she'll make up some kind of line or excuse to you, or she might try to cut out much earlier, just to make sure that she goes alone!"
"Well it's obvious that Dana wants to go to the doctor's office alone in the first place Tony, because she never said a word to any­one else about it but you!"
"I know Diane. That's why I want you and Teresa to come over here together tomorrow morning and surprise Dana alright? Just come over here in the morning and surprise Dana before she leaves, okay? She's planning on leaving around 9:30 in the morning. I won't be here. I'll be gone already."
"Okay then Tony. I'll show up there around 9:15. That way me and Teresa could catch Dana in time, that's if Teresa comes."
"Yeah, I know Diane. I'm going to call up Teresa as soon as I finish speaking with you, okay? I just want to tell you that when you and Teresa go with Dana to the doctor's office tomorrow, make sure you and Teresa are there with Dana at all times, alright? I want you two to stay glued to Dana! Make sure you two are right there inside the examination room when the doctor examines Dana tomorrow okay?"
Diane D laughs and says, "Boy, you really don't trust her, do you? Now why do you want somebody to be inside the examination room with Dana, Tony?"
"Because Diane I want to make sure that Dana isn't lying to me about getting an examination!"
"Oh, in other words, you want me and Teresa to spy for you, don't you?"
"Spy for me? Why do you ask that?"
"Because Tony I know you! You think that Dana is going to have a male doctor and you don't like the idea of a male doctor touching or examining Dana right? Michael told me before that you were complaining to him and Joseph that you don't like the idea of a male doctor touching or examining Dana! Michael told me that you would rather have someone in the examination room with Dana every time she gets an examination, right?" 
"Well, sort of."
"So that means you do want me and Teresa to spy for you, right?"
"Well, could you?"
"Well, Tony what do you think is going to happen to Dana inside the examination room? Are you afraid that a male doctor might step out of line and do something crazy?"
"Well, sort of."
"Well, Tony don't you think you're being very insecure? A lot of women have male doctors!"
"I know Diane, but I don't want Dana to have a male doctor. I don't like the idea of another man touching her! If another man is to touch Dana, I would rather be right there inside the room with her! Being that I'm not able to be there, I want you and Teresa to be there, alright?  I'm sorry Diane, but this is just the way I feel!"
"Okay Tony, I'll see what we can do. But I don't know if the doctor is going to allow anyone else inside the room while they're examining a patient!"
"Well if the doctor gives you any kind of problem, you just tell the doctor that I'm the one who wants you and Teresa to both be in the room with Dana, okay? Tell the doctor that it is very important for me to have someone right there in the room with Dana at all times! You tell the doctor that if he or she won't allow you and Teresa to stay in the room with Dana, then I don't want Dana to stay in the room either! You tell the doctor that I said it, alright?"
"Alright then Tony, I'll do that. But what if the doctor turns out to be a woman? Do you still want me and Teresa to stay inside the examination room with Dana?"
"Yes I do. I want you and Teresa to both stay inside the exami­nation room with Dana, even if it is a female doctor, okay? I just want somebody to be there for Dana tomorrow, that's all."
"Okay Tony. I'll be there for Dana tomorrow."
"Oh thanks a lot Diane. You don't know how much this really means to me."
"Yeah, I know. Dana means a whole lot to you, don't she? Well don't worry Tony. I'll be there for Dana tomorrow."
"Great! Okay you take care Diane and I will see you later, okay? Thanks a million! I'm gonna call up Teresa right now and tell her the same thing, okay?"
"Okay Tony. I'll talk to you later."
"Okay Diane! Bye." Tony hangs up the phone.
The next Saturday morning, Tony is outside on a pay phone call­ing Diane D's number.
Diane D, who is wearing a white turtleneck shirt with a pair of blue dungarees picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Diane, it's me Tony. I'm outside on the pay phone because I don't want Dana to know that I'm calling you about you going with her to the doctor this morning."
"Oh yeah? Dana is home?"
"Yeah she's home. That's why I'm calling you from the pay phone to tell you that Dana is home right now and she is getting ready to leave in about a couple of hours."
"Oh yeah? Well what time did she come in?"
"Oh she had come in right after I had spoken with Teresa on the phone last night."
"Oh yeah? Well did you ask Dana where she's been, and if you did, what did she say?"
"Well when I asked Dana where she's been, she told me that she was out shopping, but I didn't see her carrying any bags or any pack­ages."
"Well maybe she was window shopping Tony."
"Dana window shopping? I don't think so Diane, but I didn't question her about it, even though I wanted to. I decided to leave it alone."
"Yeah that's best. By the way, what did Teresa say when you had spoken to her on the phone last night?"
"Oh Teresa said that she'll go with you and Dana to the doctor this morning."
"She will?"
"Yeah. Teresa says that she worries about Dana a lot also. She says she wants to be there for Dana."
"Oh that's nice. So I'll call up Teresa and meet up with her, then we'll stop by your place to pick up Dana, alright? How that sounds?"
"That sounds perfect Diane! I really appreciate you and Teresa being there for Dana."
"Don't worry about it Tony. Like I said before, Dana is my cousin and I want to be there for her."
"That's good. Okay Diane, I gotta go now. I'm running late.  So I'll talk to you later, okay? Take it easy now. Bye."
"Bye now Tony." Diane D hangs up the telephone. She picks up the receiver again and dials up Teresa's number.
Teresa, who is wearing a red turtleneck shirt with blue jeans painfully rubs her neck as the phone rings. She picks up the tele­phone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Teresa."
"Hey Diane, what's up?"
"Oh nothing much. So Tony called you up last night, huh?" "Yeah he had called me up."
"So he gave you the message about you going with me and Dana to her doctor this morning, right?"
"Yeah he gave me the message. I told him I would go with you and Dana."
"Good. What's the matter Teresa? You don't sound so well." 
"Well, I woke up with a stiff neck this morning." 
"You did?"
"Yeah. I guess I wasn't sleeping right."
"No? So are you still able to go with me and Dana to her doc­tor? Maybe her doctor can do something for you."
"Maybe. I'm still gonna go with you and Dana to her doctor. So are you ready to go?"
"Yeah, I'm ready to go. Now listen Teresa, Tony wants us both to show up together at his apartment and surprise Dana before she leaves this morning, okay? That way she can't back down from us or try to get away."
"Yeah that's true. So where do you want us to meet? You want to meet me here?"
"Yeah. I'll just come over to your place and then we'll leave from there."
"Okay Diane. I'll be here."
"Okay Teresa. I'm on my way." Diane D hangs up the telephone and leaves her grandparents‘ house.

Teresa is wearing a look of discomfort on her face as she holds and rubs her neck. The doorbell rings. Teresa opens the door.  Diane D enters the apartment and says, "Hey Teresa.”
“Hey Diane,” Teresa says as she closes the door behind Diane D.  
Diane D looks at Teresa and says, "Oh boy you don't look too well.”
“Yeah and I don't feel too well either.”
“Is your neck that bad?"
"Yeah. It's still stiff."
"Well let me take a look at it and see if I can do anything for it."  Diane D looks at Teresa's neck and starts to touch it. She starts to rub Teresa's neck. Suddenly, Diane D quickly jerks Teresa's head to the side, unloosening Teresa's stiff neck! 
Teresa becomes stunned! She smiles and says, "Hey what did you do Diane? My neck feels better!"
"I know. I had that done to me when my neck was stiff before."
"You did?"
"Yeah!"
"Well my neck feels a whole lot better now! Oh boy, thanks a lot Diane!"
"No problem Teresa. I do know how to treat some aches and pains."
"Oh really?" Teresa laughs.
"Yeah! I do work in the hospital." 
"I know. Oh boy my neck feels so much better, I'm all set to go now!”  Teresa looks in the mirror and asks, "Say Diane? Why do you think Dana decided to get her tubes tied so sudden like this? Especially not saying a word to neither you nor me about it?"
"I don't know Teresa," Diane D says as she sits down on a chair. "I don't have the slightest idea why Dana decided to get her tubes tied so sudden. Maybe she just got tired of taking the pill. I hear the pill does cause some women to have side affects you know."
"Yeah, I hear that too. But still, why didn't Dana tell any of us that she had already made a plan to have her tubes tied this soon?"
"I don't know Teresa. I really don't. But if Tony hadn't mention anything to either one of us about it, we would have never known anything about this."
"No we wouldn't have. But I still don't understand why Tony wants us both to be right there inside the examination room while the doctor examines Dana."
"I don't understand it myself Teresa. Tony doesn't trust a male doctor alone with Dana. Well that's what he told me when he spoke to me on the phone last night. Michael told me before that Tony doesn't like the idea of a male doctor touching or examining Dana."
"Yeah Joseph told me the same thing about Tony also."
"Tony just doesn't like the idea of another man touching Dana period! That's why he wants us both to be inside the examination room with Dana while she's getting examined. He wants us both to spy for him to make sure nothing unusual happens between a male doctor and Dana inside the examination room."
"You mean he's that insecure?"
"Yeah! I guess that means if anything happens to go wrong inside the examination room, we'll be right in there to witness it or something."
"But Diane, what if the doctor turns out to be a woman?"
"Tony says that he still wants us both to be inside the examina­tion room with Dana, even if the doctor is a woman!"
"What does he think is going to go wrong inside the examina­tion room? Or what is it that he would want us to witness?"
"Beats me Teresa. Maybe he wants us to actually witness Dana getting examined because he doesn't believe she is going to get an examination. Tony said that Dana had told him she was going to get an examination, but he doesn't believe her. He thinks that Dana is lying to him about getting an examination and he doesn't trust her. So he wants us both to witness that to make sure Dana isn't lying to him or anything. You know Teresa, Dana has done some strange things before, like Tony said. She leaves to go to the doctor's office one morning and does not come back home until the next day! And no one sees or hears from her! Do you know any doctor's office or appointments that lasts from one morning until the next day Teresa?"
"No I don't. That is pretty strange. Diane, do you think that Dana could be living some kind of secret double life? A secret double life that none of us know about?"
"I don’t know Teresa."
"Diane?  In Dana's murder trial, do you think that Tony was telling the truth on that witness stand?"
"Telling the truth on the witness stand?"
"Yeah."
"About what?"
"Well when that prosecutor had putted Tony on the witness stand and asked Tony was Dana home in the bed with him the whole entire night of Kathy's murder, it didn't really seem like Tony was telling the truth. It seemed like he was kind of lying on that witness stand, like he was covering up for Dana. Tony told the prosecutor that Dana was home in the bed with him the whole entire night of Kathy's mur­der. I mean how would he really know if Dana was home in the bed with him the whole entire night of the murder? He could have been asleep that entire night and don't really know whether or not Dana had snuck out of the apartment that night! He probably made up this excuse about waking up back and forth all night long so he could say that he actually saw Dana right there in the bed with him the whole entire night of Kathy's murder and be Dana's alibi. I was also think­ing to myself, maybe Dana wasn't home the entire night of Kathy's murder. Maybe she could have stepped out during the middle of the night somehow and Tony woke up and found her gone, but he's not going to say anything about it. Diane, we all know that Dana usual­ly sneaks out of her apartment during the middle of the night while Tony is asleep and he would usually wake up and find her gone because he would call all over the place looking for her! He would call up me and Joseph, he would call up you and Michael, he would call up Dana's family, and he would call up Dana's relatives! He would even call up Dana's mother down in Jamaica and ask her or her family members have any of them heard from Dana!  That's how everybody knows that Dana usually sneaks out of her apartment dur­ing the middle of the night!"
"Yeah I know Teresa. Maybe Dana was home the entire night of Kathy's murder, maybe she wasn't. None of us really know. Tony probably doesn't really know himself because like you said, he could have been asleep that whole entire night and don't really know whether or not Dana had snuck out of the apartment that night, or he could have woke up in the middle of the night and find Dana gone, out of the apartment like he usually does, but either way in his mind, he still has to cover up for her! He doesn't want to risk Dana going back to prison! If Dana ever goes back to prison, Tony would miss her real bad again and he'll start to have nervous breakdowns all over again and he doesn't want that! Therefore, he's not going to risk Dana going back to prison! He'll keep his mouth shut about the truth on that witness stand! The only person that actually knows whether or not Dana was home the whole entire night of Kathy's murder is Dana herself and she's not going to say anything about it, and Tony is not going to say anything about it either because like I said, he doesn't want Dana to go back to prison!" Puzzled, Diane D and Teresa look at each other again. Diane D then says, "Come on Teresa. Let's get ready to go."
"Okay Diane. I'm ready when you are."
Diane D and Teresa get ready to leave the apartment. They ner­vously smile at each other as they both walk out of the door.
Around 25 minutes later, Diane D and Teresa arrive on Dana's floor inside her building. They talk and laugh a little as they step off the elevator. They talk and laugh as they walk towards Dana's apart­ment door with Diane D saying, "Now when she opens that door, let's just yell out 'surprise', okay? She's going to be shocked to see us."
Diane D and Teresa start to laugh again. They reach Dana's apart­ment door and ring her doorbell. They smile as they both wait. As they both wait, they hear someone on the other side of the door. They become a little nervous. They hear the door unlocking. They then see the door opening. As the door opens, Diane D and Teresa smile and shout out, "SURPRISE!" Dana, who is wearing a very short golden yellow shirt with sleeves rolled up to her elbows, dark blue stretch jeans and hair back in a long thick braid, stands there in the doorway and angrily shouts, "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TWO DOING HERE?"
"We came to visit you," Diane D stunned says.
"NO YOU DIDN'T! I'M ON MY WAY OUT," Dana angrily shouts as she is about to slam the door right in Diane D's and Teresa's faces!
Diane D catches the door in time! She walks inside Dana's apart­ment with Teresa following right behind her. Teresa closes the door behind herself as Diane D says to Dana, "We know you're on your way out Dana. That's why we came over here. We're going with you."
Dana turns around towards Diane D and Teresa and angrily shouts, "GOING WITH ME? WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU'RE GOING WITH ME? GOING WITH ME WHERE?"
"To the doctor's office," Teresa says.
Dana stunned looks at Diane D and Teresa. Diane D then says, "Yeah. Tony had called up me and Teresa last night and told us that you were going to go to the doctor's office this morning!" She then puts her hands on her hips and boldly says, "He called us up last night and told us that you were going to get an examination this morning to have your tubes tied, so he asked us to go along with you!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah Dana," Teresa says. "Tony says he wants me and Diane to be there with you at all times while you're at the doctor's office. He told us both to look out for you because he says he's worried about you."
"Yeah," Diane D says. "We both already told Tony yes that we'll go with you to the doctor's office this morning and we'll be there for you. Tony told me and Teresa to make sure that we stay glued to you at all times!"
"You know Dana, Tony is very, very concerned about you," Teresa says. "And he's really depending on me and Diane to be there for you."
"I DON'T NEED ANYBODY ESCORTING ME TO THE DAMN DOCTOR," Dana angrily shouts!
Diane D boldly says, "Well Tony feels that you need somebody to escort you to the doctor Dana, so he called up me and Teresa and asked us both to go with you to the doctor and that's what we're gonna do! You know Tony really worries about you a lot Dana! He's really depending on me and Teresa to look out for you and to be there for you and we are! Now me and Teresa are going to go with you to the doctor's office this morning, okay? Teresa and I already told Tony that we'll both be there for you, and we will!   Now no ifs, ands, or butts about it Dana! We're going with you!" Diane D then grabs Dana's belongings and boldly asks, "Now do you have every­thing ready to go?" as she grabs onto the door handle.
Dana angrily looks at Diane D. She angrily walks away pass Diane D and Teresa and goes to the coat closet. She opens the closet door and bends down inside the closet. She makes a lot of heavy noise as she is bending in the closet. Diane D and Teresa nervously look at each other, wondering what Dana is about to grab out of the closet! They then see Dana coming out of the closet, holding a pair of black sneakers. They see her turning around towards a stool as she starts to put on her black sneakers. Diane D and Teresa look at each other with relief! Dana frowns as she bends to fasten up her sneaker, hav­ing one foot on the stool. As Dana is fastening her sneaker, Diane D asks, "Dana why didn't you tell us that you were going to have your tubes tied so soon? Why didn't you say anything to us about it?" Dana does not respond. She just looks up for a second, frustratingly rolling her eyes, then looking back down at her sneaker, continuing to fasten her other sneaker. After Dana finishes fastening her sneak­ers, she bends back up. She turns around and goes back inside the closet again. Diane D and Teresa nervously look at each other again, wondering what Dana is about to grab out of the closet again! They then see Dana coming out of the closet holding her black shoulder bag. Diane D and Teresa look at each other with relief again! Dana then heads towards her front door and opens it. Diane D and Teresa start to walk out the front door. Dana then walks out the front door, following behind Diane and Teresa. The front door then locks behind Dana.
Ten minutes later, Dana is driving in her car with both Diane D and Teresa sitting right in the front seat beside her, with Diane D sitting right in the middle! Dana gives a firm look straight ahead as she dri­ves. Diane D lectures at Dana as Teresa looks on at them. Diane D faces towards Dana as she says, "You didn't say a word to us about going to have this operation done so soon Dana! Tony had to tell us! Why didn't you tell us? All you had to do was just pick up the telephone and call us! That's not so hard to do!"
Teresa notices the anger coming on Dana's face as Diane D con­tinues to bicker at her! She sees that Dana is being quietly annoyed by Diane D's bickering! Teresa then notices that Dana is starting to speed the car out of anger! Diane D angrily points her hand towards Dana as she continues, "You should have told us that you were going to have this operation done so soon Dana! Why didn't you tell us?"
Teresa knowing Dana's violent temper decides to interrupt Diane D real quickly and shouts, "Hey Diane!" Diane D turns around and looks at Teresa. Teresa then says, "You know that's a nice Mexican restaurant they got over there."
Diane D looks towards the street. She looks back at Teresa and annoyingly asks, "And?"
"Well, I hear they serve pretty good food over there!"
"Teresa you interrupted me just to tell me that?"
"No. I just thought that maybe we can all go over there and check it out some day, that's all."
Diane D continues to look at Teresa. She then asks, "Teresa are you feeling alright?"
"Sure I'm feeling alright. Why do you ask?"
"Because you're sweating!"
"Sweating? Oh really? Maybe I could be coming down with something."
"Oh yeah? Well since we're going to the doctor's office, maybe they can do something for you. Maybe the doctor could recommend that we stop by a drug store or a pharmacist on our way back, alright?"
"Alright Diane. Alright."
"Good." Diane D continues to look at Teresa. Then she turns her head forward and looks straight ahead. She then turns her head back towards Dana, angrily looking Dana up and down as Dana continues to drive. Teresa looks on nervously, fearing Diane D might start to bicker at Dana again. Diane D continues to look at Dana and asks, "How 'bout you Dana? How do you feel? You feel alright?"
Dana rolls her eyes towards Diane D and calmly says, "I'm alright Diane," as she looks back straight ahead again.
"Good! Now that's what I want to hear!"
Teresa quickly interrupts Diane D again and shouts, "Hey Diane!" Diane D turns to look at Teresa again as Teresa says, "I think that's the doctor's office right there." Diane D looks straight ahead as Dana reaches near the doctor's office, which is in Richmond Hill, Queens. Dana parks her car on the street and gets out of her vehicle as Diane D and Teresa get out of the vehicle also. Dana locks the car doors, then starts to cross the busy street as Diane D and Teresa hurry behind her. Diane D and Teresa catch up to Dana right in the middle of the busy street and grab tightly onto Dana's left arm and shoulder as Dana stands there, waiting to cross to the other side of the street. Dana continues to cross to the other side of the street, watching out for the heavy oncoming traffic. She soon reaches the other sidewalk with Diane D and Teresa still holding tightly onto her arm and shoulder.
Diane D and Teresa soon let go of Dana's arm and shoulder as Dana reaches the front door of the doctor's office. Dana opens the door and goes inside the building as Diane D and Teresa follow in behind her.
Dana goes through the waiting room where other people are sit­ting as Diane D and Teresa continue to tag along behind her. She signs her name on a waiting sheet, then goes to sit down in the waiting room as Diane D and Teresa sit on each side of her.

After around 25 minutes of waiting, Dana's name is called. She, Diane D and Teresa all get up from their seats and go towards the back office. Dana knocks on the office door, opens it and goes inside the office as Diane D and Teresa continue to tailgate her. They all go inside the office where a female doctor is sitting behind a desk. The doctor, a middle aged Indian woman wearing glasses, says, "Hello Miss. Have a seat."
Dana sits down in a chair in front of the doctor's desk as Diane D and Teresa close the door and stand beside her. The doctor looks at Diane D and Teresa and asks, "Are you two ladies with her?"
"Yes, we're with her," Diane D and Teresa both say.
The doctor looks at Dana and says, "Well. How nice it is to bring friends along for moral support."
Dana, Diane D and Teresa all give the doctor a blank look. The doctor then looks at Dana's folder and says, "So you're Dana Brown, huh? I see you're scheduled to have an examination today. Okay Dana, why don't you just come into the back room and lie down on the table, alright?"
Dana gets up from the chair and goes towards the back room with the doctor following right behind her. Diane D and Teresa go to follow behind Dana and the doctor. As Dana goes into the back room, the doctor stops right at the door and tells Dana, "Just lie down on the table and I'll be right there in a few minutes, okay?" The doctor then closes the door behind Dana. She walks away from the door and goes into another room.
Diane D is about to open the door to the back room, but Teresa pulls on her arm and stops her. Diane D turns towards Teresa as Teresa nervously says, "You know Diane, maybe we should wait out here until Dana finishes in there."
"No! Tony wants us both to be right inside the room with Dana while she's getting examined.  I thought he told you that."
"He did tell me that."
"Okay, so what's the problem then," Diane D asks as she puts her hands on her hips. "We got to be in the room with Dana. You know Tony is very concerned about Dana, Teresa. You know he had three nervous breakdowns the whole entire time she was in prison because he missed her so bad. He called me and you both last night because he really depended on us both to look out for Dana and to be there for her while she's in here."
"I know that Diane and I do want to be there for Dana, but will the doctor allow us both to be inside the room while she examines Dana?"
"I don't think the doctor's gonna have a choice right now Teresa.  She has to let us in there. Now come on, we have to be in there with Dana." Diane D turns back around and knocks on the back room door. She and Teresa look towards the other room where the doctor had went into. Diane D then opens the back room door and walks inside the room as Teresa nervously follows in behind her. They go inside the back room and close the door behind themselves.
The doctor soon leaves the other room with another female patient. She tells the patient, "Come back in about two weeks, okay?" The patient nods her head and leaves. The doctor then walks towards the back room where Dana is. She opens the door and walks inside the room. When she looks inside the room, she is stunned to see Diane D and Teresa in the room standing right over Dana's face as Dana lays face up on the table with legs spread apart, one hand rest­ing behind her head and the other hand and arm resting across her lower chest. Teresa is standing closer to Dana's head as the doctor, puzzled, looks at her and Diane D and asks, "What are you two ladies doing in here?"
Diane D and Teresa look at the doctor. Diane D then says, "Oh, her boyfriend wants us both to be here in the room with her while she's getting examined."
"What? What do you mean her boyfriend wants you both to be here in the room while she's getting examined?"
"Her boyfriend Tony wants us both to be here in the room with her because he's really worried about her and he wants us both to be in here with her."
"I can't allow anyone else in the room while I examine a patient!"
"I understand that doctor, but her boyfriend wants us both to keep an eye on her. He wants us both to look out for her."
"Why? What does he think is going to happen to her?"
"Nothing. It's just that he says it is very important to him that we both be here in the room with her. He's very concerned about her."
"Oh I'm sorry, but you two ladies are gonna have to leave the room."
"But her boyfriend is really depending on us both to stay here in the room with her Doctor," Teresa says.
"Well who's the doctor, me or her boyfriend?" 
"Well you are."
"Okay then," the doctor says as she holds the door open making a gesture for Diane D and Teresa to both leave the room.
Diane D says, "Her boyfriend says that if we cannot stay in the room with her, then he does not want her to stay in the room either! So if we have to leave the room, then she's gonna have to leave the room also!"
"Listen, her boyfriend is not running this show! I am, alright?" 
"Listen if we go, then she has to go!"
"No she doesn't! But you two ladies are going to have to leave!" 
"I'm sorry Doc, but we're not leaving this room until she comes with us!"
"I'm telling you, you two ladies cannot stay in here! You both are gonna have to leave the room!"
"And I'm telling you, we're not leaving! We're not leaving until she comes with us!"
"Fine then," the doctor angrily says. "Have it your way, okay? Just stand there on the side and don't bother the patient, alright?"
Diane D and Teresa both look at the doctor. Then they look down at Dana. They step back and stand just a couple of feet away from Dana as Dana continues to lay face up on the table. The doctor approaches Dana on the other side of the table. She asks Dana, "So how do you feel? You feel alright?"
Dana frowns as she nods her head yes. The doctor lowers Dana's pants a little. She pulls up Dana's yellow shirt, baring Dana's naval and her entire upper and lower abdominal areas. Diane D and Teresa look on. They see Dana's hard firm abdominal muscles as the doc­tor starts to press on it. The doctor asks, "How does that feel? That feels okay?"  Dana nods her head yes. The doctor then says, "Your stomach is too hard. Try to relax yourself so you can loosen it up okay?" Dana tries to relax her stomach. The doctor tells Dana, "Your stomach is still too hard. Try to relax it more."
"Why, what's the problem Doc?" Diane D asks.
The doctor looks up at Diane D and annoyingly says, "Nothing Miss. I'm just trying to get her to relax to break the hardness and the stiffness that's all."
Diane D steps up. She tells the doctor, "Well doctor, I helped Teresa with her stiff neck this morning. Maybe I can help Dana with her stiff stomach. I'll get her to relax her stomach Doctor." Diane D then looks down at Dana and says, "Come on Dana. Try to relax your stomach, okay?"
The doctor looks at Diane D and annoyingly says, "Miss, let me handle this okay?"
"Doctor I'm only trying to help," Diane D says as she looks at the doctor. She looks back down at Dana and says, "Come on now, you can do it Dana. Try to relax your stomach more."
"Miss, can I handle my own job?" The doctor looks at Dana and says, "Miss, you have to try to relax your stomach. You have to try to break the hardness and the stiffness."
"Come on Dana," Diane D says. "Try to relax more."
"WHAT THE HELL DO Y'ALL THINK I'M DOING?" Dana angrily shouts as she bangs her fist hard against the table!
"YOU'RE NOT RELAXING!" Diane D shouts back to Dana as Teresa stunned watches!
Dana's teeth start to grind as she angrily points her hand up at Diane D, shouting, "Look!  Leave me alone Diane, JUUUST LEAVE ME ALOOONE!"
"NO I WILL NOT LEAVE YOU ALONE DANA! I'M HERE TO HELP YOU!"

The people in the waiting room look towards the back room as they start to hear voices shouting!

In the back room, Diane D turns to the doctor and says, "Listen doctor, I'm gonna help her break the stiffness okay?" She then looks down at Dana and says, "Okay now Dana, I don't know if this is gonna hurt you or not, but this is what I hear they do in the army!" Diane D suddenly raises her hand high into the air and surprisingly slams a hard karate chop right onto Dana's abdominal area, causing Dana to gasp and jerk, with her upper body lifting up in pain and holding her stomach!
Teresa knowing Dana's violent temper frighteningly steps up and grabs Diane D as she frighteningly shouts, "Diane!  What are you doing?!"
"What in the world did you do that for Miss?!” the doctor shockingly shouts!
"I'm trying to help her break the hardness and the stiffness!” Diane D shouts!
"Yeah but you don‘t hit her on the stomach like that!  What’s wrong with you?!"
"Diane!” Teresa frighteningly shouts.  “Why did you hit her on the stomach?" 
"I'M ONLY TRYING TO SHOW YOU ALL HOW TO BREAK THE HARDNESS AND THE STIFFNESS!” Diane D shouts.  “ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS GO LIKE THIS!”  Diane D raises her hand high into the air again and surprisingly slams another karate chop against Dana's abdominal area, causing Dana's entire body to jerk again and her eyes crossing in pain!
Teresa sees the look on Dana's face! She frighteningly grabs Diane D again and shouts, "Diane stop hitting her stomach like that!"
"MISS WHAT IN THE WORLD IS WRONG WITH YOU?" the doctor shouts! "STOP HITTING ON HER STOMACH!" The doc­tor turns to Dana and asks, "Miss, are you okay?"
"WHY IS EVERYBODY GETTING ALL UPTIGHT FOR?" Diane D shouts! "I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING! I WORK IN THE HOSPITAL TOO! TERESA YOU DIDN'T HAVE A PROBLEM WHEN I HELPED YOU WITH YOUR STIFF NECK THIS MORNING, RIGHT? SO WHY ARE YOU HAVING A PROBLEM NOW? ALL I DID WAS GO LIKE THIS," Diane D shouts as she rais­es her hand high into the air again and surprisingly slams a third karate chop hard against Dana's abdominal area, causing Dana's entire body to jerk again with her knees jerking way up in pain! Dana slams her legs back down on the table!
Teresa grabs Diane D again and frighteningly shouts, "DIANE! I THINK YOU BETTER STOP! TONY DID NOT ASK US BOTH TO COME HERE WITH DANA SO YOU CAN POUND ON HER STOMACH!"
"LOOK WHAT YOU DID MISS!" the doctor angrily shouts!  "YOU GOT HER BELLY ALL RED!" Dana's entire abdominal area has become red!  The doctor continually shouts, "LISTEN I WANT YOU BOTH TO LEAVE THE ROOM IMMEDIATELY!" The doc­tor angrily goes towards the door and holds it open, telling Diane D and Teresa, "I WANT YOU BOTH OUT OF HERE NOW!"
"But we both have to stay in here with her Doctor," Teresa says.
"That's right," Diane D says. "We can't leave her!
"LISTEN, I DON'T CARE WHAT HER BOYFRIEND SAYS," the doctor angrily shouts! "I WANT YOU BOTH TO LEAVE THE ROOM NOW!  IMMEDIATELY!"
"LISTEN IF WE LEAVE THE ROOM, THEN SHE HAS TO LEAVE THE ROOM ALSO!” Diane D shouts!
The doctor angrily closes the door back! She angrily walks around the table on the other side of Dana and says to Diane D, "Listen Miss, if you do that one more time, I will have no choice but to call the security in here for you, okay? Don't you ever abuse any of my patients like that again, do you hear me?" The doctor then looks down at Dana and asks, "Miss are you alright?" Dana does not answer. She has a look of discomfort on her face as she continues to lie down, holding and rubbing her painful stomach. The doctor angrily looks at Diane D and says, "Miss, don't you ever do that again, you hear me?"
"Alright doctor. The patient's yours. I won't do that anymore."
"Good! Because if you do that again, I will personally charge you with assault of a patient, do you understand? Now is it alright if I have my job back now, huh? Is it alright?"
"Yes ma'am. Go ahead and take your job back."
"Are you sure now? Are you sure I can have my job back?"
"Yes Doctor go ahead! Hurry up and take back your job, alright! Not unless you want me to take over again!"
The doctor and Teresa stunned look at Diane D as Teresa nervous­ly says, "Diane please!"
"Listen Miss," the doctor says. "Before you take over my job again, let me just call the security in here for you, okay?" the doctor says as she is about to walk away towards the door.
"Never mind doctor," Diane D quickly says. "I won't do anything!  I promise! Proceed with your job!"
"Are you sure now?"
"Yes, I'm sure!"
"Good!" The doctor angrily walks back a little and pauses for a while. She then asks, "Now where was I before I was rudely inter­rupted?" Diane D and Teresa look at the doctor. The doctor then approaches Dana again on the other side of the table. She looks down at Dana as Dana continues to hold and rub her painful stomach. The doctor then asks, "Are you alright, Miss?" Dana still does not respond. She continues to have a look of discomfort on her face as she holds and rubs her stomach. The doctor tells Dana, "Let me help you with that okay? Let me take care of that for you." The doctor touches Dana's reddish abdominal area and tries to smooth it. She then presses on it. “Relax,” she tells Dana as she massages Dana's abdominal area. Diane D and Teresa continue to stand right over Dana, looking on. They look at Dana as she lays there on the table with her legs still spread apart, both her hands resting behind her neck and her eyes closed. The doc­tor then looks at Diane D and says, "I don't know if this is going to work out today. Her stomach is in a lot of pain right now. I think you did enough damage."
"Look doctor, I was only trying to help her."
"Help her? I think you did more harm than help! She's going to have to make another appointment to come back here when she feels better."
Diane D and Teresa look at the doctor. The doctor then tells Dana, "Miss, I think you're going to have to make another appointment to come back. I know your stomach is in a lot of pain. Your stomach has to feel better in order for us to proceed, okay? Do you want to come back sometime next week?" Dana still with a look of discom­fort on her face nods her head yes. "Okay then," the doctor says as she pulls down Dana's yellow shirt. She then says, "Why don't you just lie down in here for a while until your stomach feels better or when you are able to get up, okay?" Dana nods her head yes again. The doctor then goes towards the door. She tells Diane D and Teresa, "You both have to wait outside this time, because I don't trust you in the room with her."
Diane D and Teresa obediently agree. They both start to walk away towards the door and look back at Dana. They see Dana still lying face up on the table with legs still spread apart, both hands resting behind her neck and her eyes closed. They then go outside the room, leaving Dana behind to rest for a while. The doctor then walks out the room behind Diane D and Teresa, closing the door behind herself.

Diane D and Teresa go to sit back in the waiting room area. As they sit, Teresa turns to Diane D and says, "You know Diane, I'm really dis­appointed in what you did."
"What do you mean?"
"Why did you do that, huh? Why did you pound Dana on her stomach like that?"
"Teresa I was only trying to help Dana."
"Wow. What a strange way to help somebody. Cause this is the first time I ever heard of helping somebody like that. Now I see why Dana doesn't tell Tony or anybody else what she does or where she goes. She wants to avoid situations like this." Diane D and Teresa annoyingly look at each other. They then look away from each other and continue to wait in the waiting area.

After around 45 minutes of waiting, Diane D and Teresa see the doctor going into the back room where Dana is. Diane D and Teresa both look at each other. They both get up from their chairs and walk towards the back room. Teresa enters the back room with Diane D following behind her. They see the doctor helping Dana to sit up. Teresa goes to help Dana also. The doctor and Teresa are on each side of Dana as they start to help Dana sit up. Diane D then reaches out to help. The doctor angrily shouts to her, "NO MISS JUST LEAVE HER ALONE, ALRIGHT! YOU DID ENOUGH DAMAGE ALREADY!"
"Doctor I'm only trying to help,” Diane D snaps.
"HELP OR HARM, WHICH ONE? OR DO YOU KNOW THE DIFFERENCE?" The doctor angrily stares at Diane D.  She and Teresa continue to help Dana down from off the table and help her stand. Teresa holds on to Dana's stomach with one hand and puts her other arm around Dana's shoulders as she and the doctor help Dana walk. They lead Dana towards the door as Diane D follows behind them. The doctor then opens the door. Dana walks out into the hallway with a look of dis­comfort on her face as she holds and rubs her painful stomach with Teresa still holding on to her trying to comfort her. The doctor stays at the doorway.  Diane then walks out the door and follows behind Dana and Teresa. The doctor then calls out, "Dana!"  Dana, Teresa and Diane D stop. They turn their heads to the side and look at the doctor as the doctor tells Dana, "Make sure you call me up next week and let me know what day you want to come back alright? I'll talk to you next week!" The doctor then looks at Diane D and says, "And thanks for letting me have my job back, Miss!" Dana and Teresa both give a blank stare at the doctor as Diane D looks at the doctor with her mouth poking towards the side of her face. The doctor then goes back inside the room and closes the door as Dana turns her head back around to leave. Dana quietly walks away with Teresa still holding on to her. Diane D continues to follow behind them.
Ten minutes later, Dana is driving with both Diane D and Teresa sitting in the front seat beside her again with Diane D sitting in the middle. 
Another ten minutes, Dana goes to drop Teresa off first. She pulls her car up in front of Teresa's building.
Outside Teresa's building, Joseph is standing outside talking with some fellows. He sees Dana's car and starts to walk towards her car. 
"Is that Joseph?" Diane D asks.  She, Dana and Teresa all have their heads turned back and see Joseph coming. 
Joseph reaches the car and bends down to the pas­senger side window. He looks inside the car and says, "Hello. So how did it go at the doctor's office Ladies?"
"Well Dana have to make another appointment to go back," Teresa tells him.
"Oh yeah? Why? What happened?"
Teresa looks at Diane D as they both give each other a cold look. Teresa looks back at Joseph and tells him, "Oh nothing. It just did­n't work out today that's all." Joseph then opens the door for Teresa to come out. Teresa steps out of the car. She goes into the street and walks to the driver's side of the car. She bends down to the driver's window a little and starts to talk to Dana for a couple of minutes as Joseph talks with Diane D through the passenger side window.
After a couple of minutes, Teresa bends back up and tells Dana, "You take it easy Dana, okay? I'll talk to you later." She then goes back on the sidewalk to the passenger side of the car where Diane D is now sitting.  She tells Diane D, "Okay Diane, I'll talk to you later."
"Alright Teresa,” Diane D says.
Dana starts to pull off. Teresa then yells out towards the car and shouts, "And keep your hands to yourself Diane!"
Diane D waves her hand at Teresa as she pulls off with Dana. Joseph asks, "What was that all about? What happened?"
"Joseph, when we were at the doctor's office with Dana this morning, Diane had pounded real hard on Dana's stomach!" 
"What! What do you mean she pounded real hard on Dana's stomach?"
"The doctor had Dana lying on the table. She was trying to examine Dana. Diane and I were right inside the room with Dana. The doctor was telling Dana to relax her stomach. Dana tried to relax her stomach, but obviously it wasn't relaxed enough for the doctor or Diane because they said that Dana's stomach is too hard! So Diane takes it upon herself and pounds Dana right in the stomach real hard with a karate chop! And she did that three times! She claims that she was trying to break the hardness and the stiffness!"
"Break the hardness and the stiffness?
"Yeah!"
"How does she expect to break the hardness and stiffness that way?"
"I don't know Joseph. She claims she hears that's what they do in the army." 
"Oh yeah?" 
"Yeah."
"Well how did Dana take it?"
"Oh Dana was in a lot of pain! Her stomach had turned all red and everything! She was still in a lot of pain when she had just dropped me off! But she's going to be okay. She told me that she was gonna go home and rest right after she drops Diane off. She'll feel better after she gets some rest."
"I hope so. We'll call her up tomorrow and see how she feels, okay?"
"Okay Joseph. That'll be good."
Joseph smiles at Teresa as he puts his arm around her. They then walk off together.












Chapter 19

The Fight!


It is now 1:00 Saturday afternoon. Mark, Dana's upstairs neigh­bor is inside his 6th floor apartment. He is inside his kitchen looking out the window. He then leaves the kitchen window, goes to the refrigerator and takes out a can of beer. He opens the can of beer as he goes back to look out his kitchen window. As he looks out the window, he sees Dana walking alone outside. She is approaching the building, holding her stomach. Mark gets a suspicious grin on his face. He decides to go and catch up with Dana in the hallway on her floor. He leaves his apartment and goes down two flights of stairs to the 4th floor.
Mark reaches the 4th floor and waits around for a while. After a short while, the elevator door opens up. Mark looks towards the ele­vator. He sees Dana stepping out of the elevator about to walk towards his direction, holding her head down, wearing a look of dis­comfort on her face as her hand is tucked beneath her yellow shirt, holding and rubbing her stomach. Mark says, "Hello." Dana looks up. She sees Mark and stops. She gives Mark a cold stare. She starts to walk slow as she continues to stare at Mark. Mark begins to talk to Dana, saying to her, "I see you're holding your stomach. What's the matter? Your stomach hurts?"
"Never mind that. What do you want?"
“I want to invite you up to my apartment.” 
"Some other time. I'm not feeling too well."
"Yeah I notice. You don't look too well. Maybe I can make you feel better. If you would just come up to my apartment, I can make you feel better. I can make you forget about all of your problems and worries."
"No that's alright. Some other time," Dana says as she starts to walk away from Mark.
Mark grabs Dana by the arm. Dana angrily turns around and looks at Mark! Mark quickly lets go of Dana's arm and says, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to grab your arm. I just want to show you my place, that's all."
"What is so special about your place that I have to see it? I'm sure it looks like anybody else's place!"
"No it doesn't! Well at least not to me it does. Why don't you just come up and judge for yourself?"
"I don't know you quite well."
"Well you can get to know me. Listen, I'm not a bad person.  I don't have time for any bad nonsense. Just come up over to my place and check it out. I want to show you how nice it looks. I have it hooked up real nice. You'll like it once you see it."
Dana hesitates. Mark still insists on inviting her up to his apart­ment. Dana finally caves in. She decides to go up to Mark's apart­ment with him.
Dana and Mark soon come out of the elevator and arrive on the 6th floor. Mark goes to his apartment door and unlocks it. He opens the door and walks inside. He invites Dana inside and closes the door behind her. He shows Dana around his living room. Dana turns her head and looks around the place as she continues to hold and rub her painful stomach. Mark then asks, "Well, what do you think of my place?"
"It's okay."
"It's okay? That's all you have to say? That it's okay?" 
"Yeah, that's all I have to say. What else do you want me to say?"
"Well I was hoping that you would really like my place and think that it's real wonderful! Well since you don't have much to say about my living room, let me show you the back room then. We'll see what you really think about that."
"No. I don't want to go back there."
"What? You don't want to go back there?"
"You heard me!"
“I insist!  Let me show you the back room!”
“I don’t want to go back there!”
"Well what the hell did you think I invited you up here for, huh? Did you receive the letter that I had sent to you yesterday?"
"Yeah I received it!"
"Good! I have another letter for you!" Mark hands Dana an envelope. Dana looks at the envelope. She opens it up and takes a letter out. She opens the letter up and it reads, "I LOVE YOU, AND I WANT TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU: MARK." Dana angrily looks up at Mark! Mark looks at Dana and firmly says, "That's right, I want you, and I want you bad! I know you have a man already, but that's okay, we can get rid of him!"
Dana gives Mark a firm look as she tells him, "I think I better leave now." She turns around and starts to head for Mark's front door. Mark grabs Dana by the arm! Dana firmly turns around and tells Mark, "I think you better let go!"
Mark refuses! He firmly tells Dana, "No! You're not going any­where! If your man ever finds out about this, I'll just tell him that you were the one who came over to my place, I didn't come over to yours, alright? So you better just give me what I want, alright!  And everything will be okay!"
Dana violently jerks her arm away from Mark! She turns around and starts to head for Mark's front door again. Mark grabs Dana by the arm again! Dana turns around and firmly tells Mark, "I'm only going to tell you one more time! Let go of me!"
Mark still refuses! Suddenly, Dana violently kicks Mark real hard in the groin! She jumps up and throws her entire arm across the air, banging it with such great force against Mark's head, knocking his whole entire body down to the floor! Mark bawls out in pain! Dana turns around and starts to head for Mark's front door again! Suddenly, Mark leaps up behind Dana and grabs her by the neck! He pulls her back into a choke hold! Dana violently elbows Mark real hard in the stomach and stomps her heel real hard on his foot! Mark screams and bawls out in pain again! Dana quickly turns around towards Mark! She takes her iron fists and throws several straight blows to Mark's face, busting his eye and breaking his nose! Then she swings her entire left arm around in the air and violently bangs her fist hard underneath Mark's throat, breaking his jaw and causing his entire body to leap up, lifting both of his feet off the floor!  Dana's body spins around as Mark falls down to the floor again, yelling out in pain! Mark's nose and eyes are bleeding! He staggers as he tries to get up! He starts to fight Dana! Dana fights him back! She fights Mark with all her might! She fights him very fast as Mark violently fights her back! They both grab a choke hold onto each other's neck! They are rolling all over the place, knocking every­thing down in their path, making a lot of noise! Neighbors from next door and downstairs start to hear the commotion and the heavy banging, wondering what the heck is happening or what the heck is going on!
Dana and Mark continue to violently fight each other! They start to beat on each other real bad! Dana violently fights Mark using kick boxing and Hapkido! She punches Mark! She throws several straight blows to his face again! She elbows Mark! She kung fu's Mark! She knees Mark! She knees him real hard again and again in the groin area! Mark bawls over in pain! Dana throws Mark another uppercut under the chin, knocking Mark down to the floor again! Dana bends down and grabs Mark! She lifts him up and violently shoves him to the wall, banging his entire body hard against the wall! As Mark's body bounces back off the wall, Dana raises her knee and violently bangs her knee real hard against Mark's abdomen! Mark bawls out in pain again! Dana quickly spins her whole entire body around and kung fu kicks Mark's head and body real hard to the floor! Then she bends down and grabs Mark by the neck, putting him into another choke hold! Mark also grabs Dana by the neck, putting her into a choke hold! They both have a choke hold of each other's neck as they both roll all over the place again, knocking everything down within their path again! Then they both race right towards the wall at a very fast speed! At the last second, Dana suddenly pulls back as Mark's head slams hard into the wall! Mark yells out in pain as Dana grabs his head and violently bangs her knee against Mark's head, causing Mark's entire body to flip back real hard against the floor again! Dana bends down and grabs Mark by the neck again! She pulls him up by the neck and grabs his head, putting him into anoth­er choke hold! Then she grabs Mark's entire head and violently bangs her knee and fist against Mark's head again, causing Mark's entire body to flip back down to the floor again! Dana bends down and grabs Mark by the neck again! She puts him into another choke hold! Mark grabs Dana's neck again also! They both have a choke hold of each other's neck again as they both race towards the wall again at a very fast speed! This time, Dana's head hits the wall! She falls to the floor! She is sort of woozy! Mark starts to sit on top of Dana's body as she lays face up on the floor! His face, mouth and clothes are all covered with blood as he puts his entire body weight right on top of Dana's neck and chest! Then he unzips his pants and tries to force oral sex on Dana! He tries to jam his penis into her mouth! He tries very hard to jam his penis into Dana's mouth, but is having a hard time doing so because Dana has her mouth tightly shut! Her mouth remains tightly shut as Mark tries to force his penis into her mouth! As Mark tries to force his penis into Dana's mouth, she suddenly opens her mouth wide and bites down real hard onto his penis! Mark lets out a bloodcurdling scream! He is in pain! He tries to break his penis away from Dana's teeth grip, but she will not let go! Mark continues to scream out in pain! He is in agony! He then falls his body to the floor trying to break his penis away from Dana's teeth grip, but she still keeps biting down hard onto his penis, not letting go! Dana then holds her face downwards as she continues to bite down hard onto Mark's penis! She begins to draw blood! Mark continues to scream out in pain! He pleads for mercy! He kicks his legs real hard and starts to pound his fists real hard on Dana's back, but she still will not budge! Mark tries to use any hard object he can find within his reach to slam Dana with, but still, she will not let go! Dana continues to gripe down real hard onto Mark's penis with her teeth, drawing more and more blood! Mark's entire body is shaking! His face is red and sweating in pain! He continues to holler and scream out for mercy! He is in great agony!
As Dana continues to bite down hard onto Mark's penis, she suddenly yanks her head away from Mark's body with such great force, that she rips away a piece of his flesh! Mark lets out another bloodcurdling scream as Dana spits the flesh out of her mouth! Mark continues to scream out in pain! He is bleeding real badly from his injury! He is bleeding very, very heavily! Neighbors from next door and downstairs could still hear the commotion!
Mark continues to scream out in pain! He lays on the floor in agony! Dana then gets up! She has blood all over her mouth and clothes! She goes to Mark as he lays helpless on the floor! She bends down to Mark and grabs his entire left arm in the air with both of her hands and violently knees him in the elbow, breaking his arm! Mark lets out another bloodcurdling scream as Dana violently turns his body chest down to the floor! Dana grabs Mark by his arms and pulls both of his arms way up towards his back! She pins Mark's arms against his back as she puts her entire body weight right on top of his arms and back, paralyzing him! Dana has Mark's arms locked tightly beneath her knees and legs as she starts to grab him by the neck! Mark struggles to free himself from Dana's grip as she vio­lently puts him into another choke hold! Mark continues to scream out in agony as Dana has her entire left arm wrapped tightly around his neck! Dana then takes her right hand and violently pulls her left fist towards her body, trying to squeeze Mark's neck! She is trying to strangle Mark! Mark's entire body struggles and shakes as he shouts, "HELP ME! SOMEBODY HELP ME!" Dana continues to squeeze her entire left arm tightly around Mark's neck! Mark is coughing! He is gasping for air! He is being choked! He continues to scream out in pain! His whole entire body continues to struggle and shake, which makes Dana's body struggle and shake as she sits right on top of his back, holding tightly onto his head, neck and body! Dana continues to pin Mark's arms against his back and his chest to the floor as he again shouts, "HELP ME! SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME!"
Dana continues to hold Mark in a very tight choke hold! Her left arm remains tightly around his neck, crushing his neck and blocking his air passage! Mark desperately gasps for air! He is in great agony! He desperately continues to gasp for air as his face starts to turn blue! His body continues to jerk and shake as he shouts to Dana, "PLEASE LEAVE ME ALOOONE! I'M SORRY FOR BOTHER­ING YOU! PLEASE LEAVE ME ALOOONE! Dana ignores Mark's cries for mercy as she continues to crush his neck! Suddenly, she takes her right hand and arm and violently jerks Mark's face way up and around towards the ceiling, twisting his entire head from around his body, breaking his neck! Mark's neck snaps! His face is upwards towards the ceiling! His screaming stops! Heavy blood drips out of his mouth! He is dead. Dana kills him.
Dana continues to lay her body right on top of Mark's body! She continues to hold a tight grip around Mark's lifeless head, neck and body with her legs now spread apart across the floor! After several seconds, Dana lifts her upper body up, still holding tightly onto Mark's lifeless body! Then she lets go of Mark's lifeless body, vio­lently dropping his head and upper body loosely to the floor! Her deadly green eyes gives an evil angry look at Mark's lifeless head and body! She gets up from off Mark's lifeless body as his body remains on the floor! She goes to grab her black shoulder bag, then hurries and limps towards Mark's front door! Before Dana grabs for the door handle, she looks her head around the apartment! She sees a table cloth hanging halfway from off the wrecked table! She goes to the table and jerks the table cloth right off the table, knocking everything down that was on the table! She takes the table cloth and goes for the front door! She grabs the door handle with the table cloth! Before Dana opens the door, she touches the peep hole with the table cloth and looks through it, making sure the coast is clear! She sees that the coast is clear! Then she opens the door with the table cloth and makes a run for it! She finally leaves out of Mark's apartment with the door slamming behind her! As the door slams, Mark's battered body remains on the floor.
Dana runs right into the stairwell which is only a few feet away from Mark's apartment door! She quickly limps down the stairwell with blood stains all over her mouth and clothes! She soon reaches down to the 5th floor part of the stairwell! Dana then looks back up the stairwell and sees that she has left a trail of bloody shoe prints! She quickly unfastens her black sneakers! She takes them off and quickly wraps the table cloth around her black sneakers! Then she quickly limps down the next flight of stairs in her socks!  She reach­es the 4th floor part of the stairwell and stops. She listens for any kind of noise. She does not hear any, so she opens the hallway door with the table cloth and quickly starts to limp through the 4th floor hallway. She suddenly hears faint laughter.  She quickly turns her head around and stops in her tracks looking towards the apartment doors down the other end of the hallway.  She hears talking and laughter coming from behind one of the apartment doors. Her fiercely green eyes coldly stare at the apartment door. Talking and laughter continue to come from behind that apartment door.  Dana quickly turns her head back forward and heads towards her apartment door.  She reaches her apartment door! She quickly unlocks her apartment door and turns her head around real quickly, looking around the hallway! She turns her head back around and goes inside her apartment, closing the door behind herself!
Inside the apartment, Dana leans there against the door for a few moments, trying to catch her breath! She is sweating! Her mouth and clothes are all covered in blood! Dana then turns around to the door and looks through the peephole! She does not see anyone! She turns back around and quickly limps through her apartment, looking for Tony! He is not there! Dana quickly limps into the bathroom! She opens up the light and looks right into the mirror as she holds her slightly bruised face! She gives an evil angry look towards her reflection! Then she quickly turns on the faucet and continuously spits into the sink over and over. She holds her hands together under the faucet, pouring water into her bloodied hands! She buries her face inside the water and her hands! She does this repeatedly! She quickly goes into the medicine chest and grabs some toothpaste and some mouthwash to get rid of the blood and scent from her mouth.
Dana soon leaves the bathroom and goes into the hall closet! She grabs a big trash bag out of the closet and brings it into the bath­room! She places the trash bag on the bathroom floor! She takes off all her bloodied clothes and puts them into the trash bag! She ties up the trash bag and leaves it on the bathroom floor! She quickly goes into the shower and slams the shower door behind herself! Then she turns on the shower.
Back on the 6th floor, neighbors who had heard the commotion are at the scene now, trying to find out what happened! They already have an idea which apartment all the noise and banging sound came from! They look on the floor and see a trail of bloody shoe prints coming from the apartment they had suspected. They see the trail of bloody shoe prints going down the stairwell! The neighbors try to open the apartment door, but they cannot get inside! They call for the building superintendent.
Around five minutes later, the superintendent comes upstairs with the security guard! The superintendent unlocks Mark's apart­ment door and goes inside the apartment with the security guard. The neighbors follow in right behind them! When they all enter the apartment, what they all see is very shocking and gruesome! They see blood everywhere! They see Mark's battered body lying on the floor, covered in blood! They see his body lying in a pool of blood in the middle of a ransacked apartment! They see his head twisted up from around his body! They see his left arm bent backwards! They discover that a piece of his penis had been ripped or bitten right off his body and that it is several feet away from his body! The superintendent and the security guard go to Mark and discover that he is dead! A neighbor decides to phone the police from his own apartment because neither of the neighbors want to tamper with any evidence inside Mark's apartment! A small crowd starts to gather outside Mark's apartment.
Soon, the paramedics and the police arrive to Mark's apartment! Cops are all over the place and in the stairwell, where the bloody shoe prints are! They question the neighbors, asking them did they see or hear anything! A larger crowd starts to form and gather out­side of Mark's apartment as some of the neighbors tell the police, "We had heard heavy noise, which sounded like a very heavy fight! We heard a lot of loud banging! We had heard heavy noise and bang­ing for a while!  Then we heard a man screaming very loudly, like he was being tortured or something! After that, we heard a door slam!"
One of the police officers, Officer Anderson, a white male around his late 40's, asks the neighbors, "Do any of you know who the dead victim was or do any of you know who his family is?"
"Yeah we knew who the victim was," a few neighbors tell him. "His name was Mark Stewart!"
"Mark Stewart?"
"Yeah!"
"Well does this victim Mark Stewart have a family or do any of you neighbors know who's Mark's next of kin?"
"No, we are not sure if he had any family or not and we do not really know who his next of kin is!"
"You know people, this victim's body is messed up pretty badly! Whoever the perpetrator or perpetrators are, they really did a job on him! They busted his eye, they broke his nose, I think they broke his jaw in three places! They broke his arm and they broke his neck!" The neighbors start to gasp! They are all stunned hearing the news! Officer Anderson continues, "It also appears that this victim might have been choked and strangled to death, which caused his neck to snap and break! We also think this victim Mark has a fractured skull!" The neighbors gasp again! They are all shocked hearing this, wondering who in the world would do something like that to a per­son or why! Officer Anderson also tells the neighbors, "A piece of the victim's private part had been ripped or bitten right off his body!" The neighbors become shocked as they gasp again! Officer Anderson continues, "The piece of the victim's private part is laying several feet away from the rest of his body!"
The neighbors cannot believe their ears! They all wonder, what could have happened or who could have done such a gruesome thing like this! Another police officer tells the crowd, "We don't know who the perpetrator or perpetrators are people, but whoever they are, they had messed up this guy Mark pretty badly! It looks like this guy Mark had been attacked by some wild animals or something like that! We don't know whether this guy Mark knew his perpetrator or perpetrators, but there is no sign of forced entry!"
Officer Anderson then shouts, "EXCUSE ME PEOPLE, BUT MAY I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION FOR A MOMENT PLEASE!" The crowd becomes silent as Officer Anderson continues, "THERE IS A DEAD BODY INSIDE THIS APARTMENT! THE VICTIM IS BELIEVED TO HAVE BEEN BEATEN TO DEATH! WE DON'T KNOW BY WHO! WE DON'T KNOW WHO IN THE WORLD COULD HAVE DONE SOMETHING LIKE THIS TO THE VIC­TIM, BUT WHOEVER THE PERPETRATOR OR PERPETRA­TORS ARE, THEY ARE STILL AT LARGE! PEOPLE WHEN YOU GET INSIDE YOUR APARTMENTS, KEEP ALL THE DOORS LOCK AND STAY INSIDE YOUR APARTMENTS! DO NOT LEAVE ANY OF YOUR APARTMENTS UNLESS IT IS ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY BECAUSE LIKE I SAID, THE KILLER OR KILLERS ARE STILL AT LARGE!"
The police start to yellow tape the apartment off. All the neigh­bors and crowd continue to be shocked and stunned.
Outside, Tony is coming home from working overtime at his job. He walks towards his building. He passes by people in his neigh­borhood and says hello with a smile. As he walks towards his build­ing, he sees a crowd of people! He sees police cars and ambulances outside his building. He approaches his building and goes inside. He then goes down the corridor. He sees another crowd of people and a lot of commotion. He sees an older black woman, around her early 60's, standing in the crowd! Tony asks her, "What's going on here? What happened?"
"A guy named Mark who lived upstairs on the 6th floor was found dead inside his apartment! He was attacked inside his apart­ment! The police believe he was beaten to death! They don't know by whom! They said the victim's apartment is ransacked and his body is messed up pretty badly! They said one of the victim's eyes is busted, his nose is broken, his jaw is broken in three places, his arm is broken and he has a broken neck! The police also believe he has a fractured skull! The police also said that a piece of the victim's private part had been ripped or bitten right off his body! Blood is everywhere inside his apartment!"
Tony is shocked and stunned, hearing the news as he asks, "Really?"
"Yeah, I was just up there! I had seen it! It's a real gruesome scene!"
"Oh my God!"
Other neighbors start to listen in on the conversation, talking with Tony and the older woman. They are all shocked and stunned. Tony continues to talk with the older woman and the people. He then asks, "Well does anybody know who could have done this or why?"
"No one knows who did this, why or how it happened!"
Tony continues to talk with the older woman and the people for a while. Afterwards, he turns to leave and heads for the elevator, worrying about Dana. He does not know whether or not she is home yet, but before he goes to his apartment, he decides to stop on the 6th floor where he heard the scene took place! He rides the elevator up to the 6th floor. The door opens up. Tony sees a very heavy crowd of people in the hallway of the scene! He sees cops and paramedics. He hears all the commotion! People in the crowd are all crying and screaming! They are all hysterical and frightened, wondering how something like this could happen in their building! Tony goes and tries to get a closer look at the apartment where the gruesome scene took place, but the police won't let anyone near it! They had yellow taped the apartment off! Tony stays in the crowd for a while! As he looks on, he sees a trail of bloody shoe prints coming from the guy's apartment leading into the stairwell! He is all shocked and stunned! He tells another older woman in the crowd what he had heard hap­pened. The older woman tells Tony, "Yes it's true that it happened! We need more security around here! That's why concerned tenants should get together about this matter! As far as we know, the attack­er or attackers are still at large!"
One of the police officers then shouts to the crowd, "LISTEN PEOPLE! THERE'S SOME KILLER OR KILLERS ON THE LOOSE HERE!" The crowd looks at the officer and listens anx­iously as the officer continues, "WE DON'T KNOW WHETHER OR NOT THEY'RE STILL INSIDE THIS BUILDING, BUT YOU ALL BETTER GO CHECK TO MAKE SURE YOUR FAMILIES OR YOUR LOVED ONES ARE SAFE INSIDE THEIR APART­MENTS!"
Tony nervously and frighteningly tells the police officer, "You're right! I'm gonna check to see if my girlfriend is safe!"
Another man in the crowd suggests that he is going to check on his family also. Tony turns to leave and heads for the elevator! He is hysterical and scared! The elevator door opens. Tony goes inside the elevator with a group of people! The elevator door then closes behind them!
The elevator soon stops on the 4th floor and opens up! Tony rushes out into the hallway! The elevator door closes. As Tony rush­es towards his apartment door, he almost slips! He quickly catches his balance and looks down at the hallway floor. He sees that the entire hallway floor leading from the stairwell to his apartment door is wet and damp as if it had just been mopped and cleaned! He care­fully heads towards his apartment door, trying not to slip and fall. He reaches his apartment and unlocks the door. He opens the door and goes inside his apartment. He closes the door behind himself. He looks around the apartment. It is very dark and dim inside. He turns on the lights and goes into the living room and the kitchen, looking around for Dana as he calls out "DANA! DANA!" He does not see her anywhere! He starts to go into the hallway and head towards the bedroom! As he is about to walk through the hallway, he notices that the front door is wet and damp, like if it had just been cleaned. He notices that the walls are wet and damp, like if it had just been cleaned. He then looks down at the floor and notices that the floors are bright and shiny, like if it had just been mopped and cleaned. He continues to walk through the hallway and goes into the bedroom. When he enters the bedroom, he looks and sees Dana in the bed face down, sleeping with her head beneath the covers and blanket. He gives a sigh of relief. He is relieved to find that Dana is home safe and sound. He starts to walk over towards her side of the bed as she sleeps. He removes the covers and blanket off her head a little and taps her on the shoulder, trying to wake her up. She does not respond. She remains asleep with her face down. Tony changes his mind and decides not to wake Dana. He places the covers and blan­ket back over her head. He walks away from Dana and heads towards the bedroom doorway. He turns around and looks back at Dana as she continues to sleep beneath the covers and blanket. He leaves the bedroom and goes to the bathroom. When he enters the bathroom and turns on the light, he looks around and sees that the bathroom sink and floor are damp, like if they had just been mopped and cleaned.
Tony starts to wash his hands at the bathroom sink. There is no blood stains in the bathroom sink as Tony washes his hands. He is unaware that there had been blood all in his bathroom sink.
A few minutes later, Tony leaves the bathroom and starts to head back into the living room. He gets on the telephone and calls up Michael and Diane D's number.
In Michael and Diane D's room, the telephone rings. Michael picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Michael! It's me Tony! How you doing man?"
"I'm alright Tony. What's up?"
"Hey listen Michael, whatever you and Diane do, don't come over here, alright?"
"Don't come over there? What are you talking about Tony?"
"Michael, something terrible happened in this building today! I just came home from work and I saw cops and a heavy crowd of people outside the building! I went inside the building and saw another crowd of people! I spoke to some of the people! They said that some guy named Mark that lived upstairs on the 6th floor was found dead inside his apartment! They said he was found beaten to death! They said his body was found lying in a pool of blood and his face all broken! They said his eye was busted, his nose was broken and he had a broken jaw! They also said his arm was broken, his skull was fractured and he had a broken neck!"
"WHAT! ARE YOU SERIOUS MAN?"
"Yeah! The people in the crowd also said that a piece of the guy's private part had been ripped or bitten right off his body!"
"OH MY GOD!"
"I had heard that there was blood all over his apartment! I heard his apartment was very ransacked! I had gone up to the guy's floor to see if I could see anything! There was a heavy crowd of people up there! There were cops and paramedics all over the place too! I wanted to get a closer look at the guy's place, but the police didn't let anyone near the scene, but I did see a trail of bloody shoe prints leading from the guy's apartment going into the stairwell! The police don't know who could have done this to the man or why! That's why I want you and Diane to be careful not to come over here, because whoever could have done this horrible thing to that guy is still on the loose and I don't want any of you to get attacked!"
"I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN TONY!"
Diane D comes near Michael and listens in on the phone conver­sation as Michael tells Tony, "Hold on for a minute Tony!" Michael turns to Diane D and quickly says, "Hey Diane, Tony just told me that some guy named Mark that lived in his building on the 6th floor was found dead inside his own apartment! Tony said the guy was found beaten to death and his apartment was ransacked!"
"What!" Diane D shouts.
"Yeah! Tony said that the guy's body was found in a pool of blood with his face all broken up! He said the guy's eye was busted, his nose was broken and his jaw was broken! He also said the guy's arm was broken, his skull was fractured and he had a broken neck!"
"Oh my God!"
"Yeah! Tony also said that a piece of the guy's private part had been ripped or bitten right off his body! He said that there were cops all over the place! Tony also said he heard that there was blood all over the guy's apartment and he saw a trail of bloody shoeprints leading from the guy's apartment going into the stairwell!"
"What!"
"Yeah! Tony says the police don't know who could have done that to the man or why! They haven't caught anybody yet!  So Tony told me for us to be careful and not to go over there because he does not want any of us to get attack by whoever the perpetrator or per­petrators are! He said they're still on the loose!"
"What!  Well does Dana know about this?!"
"I don't know.  I hope she does.  Let me ask Tony." Michael gets back on the phone with Tony and asks, "Hey Tony! Is Dana there? She knows about this right?"
"No!” Tony hysterically says.  “I didn't get a chance to tell her yet!  She's in bed sleeping right now and I didn't want to wake her!"
"WHAT! WHAT DO YOU MEAN SHE'S IN BED SLEEPING AND YOU DIDN'T WANT TO WAKE HER? TONY IF THERE'S SOME VICIOUS PERSON OR MANIAC RUNNING AROUND LOOSE IN YOUR BUILDING, DANA HAS THE RIGHT TO KNOW ABOUT IT FOR HER SAFETY!"
"But she's asleep!"
"SO WHAT SHE'S ASLEEP MAN, WAKE HER UP! WAKE DANA UP AND TELL HER ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT MAN IN YOUR BUILDING TONY! YOU DON'T WANT DANA TO ACCIDENTALLY RUN ACROSS THIS PERPETRA­TOR DO YOU?"
"No! Of course not!"
"ALRIGHT THEN! FOR DANA'S SAFETY TONY, PLEASE WAKE HER UP AND TELL HER SO THAT SHE CAN BE CARE­FUL WHENEVER SHE GOES BACK OUT THE BUILDING!"
"I tried to wake Dana up to tell her about what happened upstairs as soon as I got in here, but she didn't respond! I think she's tired right now! I think she might had done some house cleaning a little while ago because I notice that the doors, walls and floors in the hallway and in the bathroom are all wet and damp like they've just been cleaned! Dana's probably tired from house cleaning, that's probably why she's in bed right now!"
"TONY, DANA CAN ALWAYS GO BACK TO SLEEP! YOU BETTER TELL DANA ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT GUY IN YOUR BUILDING RIGHT NOW WHILE SHE'S STILL INSIDE THE APARTMENT! YOU MIGHT NOT GET A CHANCE TO TELL HER ABOUT IT LATER ON! YOU KNOW DANA USUALLY SNEAKS OUT OF THE APARTMENT DURING THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT WHILE YOU'RE ASLEEP! SHE MIGHT SNEAK OUT OF THE APARTMENT TONIGHT BEFORE YOU GET A CHANCE TO WAKE BACK UP AND TELL HER ANYTHING!"
"Yeah you're right Michael. Okay, I'll wake Dana up and tell her the news, but first, I'm gonna call up her family and warn them to make sure that they don't come over here either and run into this per­petrator or perpetrators!"
"Okay Tony! Now whatever you do Tony, you have to make sure that Dana doesn't leave the apartment alone until this perpetrator gets caught, alright? Tell Dana don't be sneaking out of the apart­ment during the middle of the night while you're asleep, because there's a vicious maniac on the loose!"
"Alright Michael, I'll tell her. I'm gonna call up her family right now and tell them about this horrible incident! After I speak to her family, I'm gonna call up my family. Then I'm gonna call up Joseph and Teresa and tell them about what happened upstairs and tell them not to come over here either!"
"Okay Tony, you do that. But after you speak to them all, I want you to definitely tell Dana about this incident, since she's the one who has to live there!"
"Alright Michael, I will. Listen Michael, I'll talk to you later. I'm gonna get ready to call up Dana's family."
"Okay Tony! You take care! You and Dana be careful alright?"
"Alright Michael, we will. Talk to you later." Tony hangs up the telephone. He starts to dial up Dana's family's number.
In Dana's grandparents' home, the telephone rings. Gracy picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?" Tony on the other end of the phone starts to tell Gracy the horrible news of what happened to the guy in his building! Gracy becomes shocked and stunned as she shouts, "WHAT! OH MY GOD TONY! IS DANA ALRIGHT?"
"Yeah, Dana is alright Grandma! She's in bed sleeping right now."
"WELL DOES SHE KNOW ABOUT THIS?"
"No. I didn't get a chance to tell her yet. I didn't want to wake her."
"YOU DIDN'T WANT TO WAKE HER? WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DIDN'T WANT TO WAKE HER? TONY IF THERE'S SOME VICIOUS MANIAC GOING AROUND MUTI­LATING PEOPLE IN YOUR BUILDING, DANA HAS THE RIGHT TO KNOW ABOUT IT!"
"I know Grandma! I tried to wake Dana up a little while ago as soon as I came in, but she didn't respond! I think she's tired from doing some house cleaning!"
"HOUSE CLEANING? SHE DID SOME HOUSE CLEAN­ING?"
"Yeah! When I came in, I noticed that the door, walls and floors in the hallway and in the bathroom were wet and damp! Dana is probably tired from doing some house cleaning that she decided to take a nap! I really didn't want to disturb her!"
"WELL TONY EVEN THOUGH DANA MIGHT BE TIRED AND IN BED, YOU'RE STILL GONNA HAVE TO WAKE HER UP AND TELL HER ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED IN YOUR BUILDING, BECAUSE I DON'T THINK THAT SHE SHOULD STAY OVER THERE IN THAT BUILDING UNTIL THIS PERPE­TRATOR OR PERPETRATORS GET CAUGHT! I DON'T THINK THAT IT'S SAFE FOR EITHER ONE OF YOU TO STAY IN THAT BUILDING! TONY, WHY DON'T YOU AND DANA COME STAY WITH US FOR A WHILE, ALRIGHT?"
"Oh I don't know Grandma."
"Just stay with us until whoever this perpetrator is gets caught!" 
"I will have to speak to Dana about it."
"Okay Tony, make sure you speak to Dana about it right away! Tell Dana that I want her to stay with us until this perpetrator or per­petrators get caught, alright?"
"Alright Grandma! I will!"
"Good then! Okay Tony, I'm gonna warn the rest of the family about what happened and I want you and Dana to be careful alright? Don't open your door for anybody!"
"Okay Grandma, we won't! I'll talk to you later!"
"Okay Tony! By now!"
"Bye." Tony hangs up the telephone. He then calls up his fami­ly and tells them the horrible news about what happened in his build­ing. He warns them not to come over. After he finishes speaking with his family, he calls up Joseph and Teresa and tells them the hor­rible news of what happened in his building. He warns them also not to come over to his building.
After Tony finishes speaking on the telephone, he leaves the liv­ing room and walks back through the hallway. He goes into the bath­room.
A few minutes later, Tony comes back out the bathroom, wear­ing a white tank top and pajama bottoms. He goes into the bedroom. When he enters the bedroom, he looks towards Dana again. He sees the covers and blanket off her head and body as she now lays face up towards the ceiling, still sleeping. Tony stares at Dana. Then he walks right over to Dana. He stands over Dana and looks right at her face. He sees that her face is sort of reddish. He gently touches her face. He tries to wake her up again, tapping and shaking her on the shoulder. Dana still does not respond. She remains asleep. Tony lets go of Dana. He stares at her face again as she remains asleep. He decides again not to wake her. He walks around to his side of the bed. He lays down in the bed and slides his body right over to Dana. He wraps his arms tightly around her body, then pulls the covers and blanket back over Dana's body and his body. Then he lays his head against her head, totally unaware that she was involved in the bloody murder scene that took place upstairs.
Back in Gracy and Mike's house, Dana's brothers and cousins are all in an upstairs bedroom. They are all looking at some painting that was found in the bedroom. They are trying to figure out what the painting is and what it is all about. Londa, one of the triplets, soon opens the door and walks into the bedroom. She proudly says to her brothers and cousins, "Hey! So, I see you all found my paint­ing, huh? Do y'all like it?"
"What is it first of all?" Robert asks. "What is it supposed to be?"
"It's supposed to be a painting of a man and a woman, embrac­ing each other! That's supposed to be me and Rick!"
"You and Rick? Really?" Robert laughs. "Well Dennis thought it was a painting of trees and sticks! Not people!"
Robert, his brothers and their cousins all start to laugh. Everyone in the room is laughing, except Londa. Londa folds her arms and stares at them all. Brian, one of their other cousins, notices Londa's face. He starts to feel bad for her and shouts to the others, "HEY COOL IT YOU GUYS!" They all stop laughing. Brian then says, "Londa doesn't think it's funny!" They all look at Londa. They apol­ogize to her and tell her that they are sorry and they didn't mean to laugh about her painting.
Gracy soon walks into the bedroom. She tells her grandchildren, "Hey! I had just spoken with Tony on the telephone! He had called here and said that a guy named Mark that lived in his building on the 6th floor was found dead inside his own apartment!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! Tony said that the guy was found beaten to death! He said he heard the guy's body was found in a pool of blood and that his face was all broken! Tony said the guy's eye was busted, his nose was broken and his jaw was broken in three places! He said he heard the guy's arm was broken, his skull was fractured and he had a bro­ken neck!"
"WHAT! HIS ARM WAS BROKEN, HIS SKULL WAS FRAC­TURED AND HE HAD A BROKEN NECK?"
"Well that's what Tony told me! Tony also said that the guy's private part had been ripped or bitten right off his body!" Gracy's grandchildren start to gasp! Gracy continues, "Tony said he heard the guy's apartment was all ransacked and blood was all over the place! He said he saw a trail of bloody shoe prints leading from the guy's apartment going into the stairwell! He said the police are all over the place and said that the police don't know who could have done that to the guy Mark or why and they haven't caught anybody yet! Tony called to warn us not to go over there, just in case any of us decides to go over there!"
Dana's siblings and cousins are all shocked and stunned hearing the news as they hysterically shout, "IS DANA ALRIGHT? IS SHE OKAY?"
"Yeah Dana is alright! She's okay! Tony said that she was asleep in bed when he came home so he didn't get a chance to tell her yet!"
"HE DIDN'T GET A CHANCE TO TELL HER? DANA HAS A RIGHT TO KNOW ABOUT THIS! SHE AND TONY COULD BOTH BE IN DANGER WITH THIS PERPETRATOR OR PER­PETRATORS RUNNING AROUND LOOSE!"
"Yeah I know!"
Aunt Celeste soon walks into the room and asks, "A perpetrator? What perpetrator? What happened? What's going on?"
Gracy tells her, "Tony had just called me on the phone a little while ago! He said that a man named Mark that lived in his building on the 6th floor was found dead inside his own apartment!  He said the guy was found beaten to death!" 
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! Tony said he heard the guy's apartment was ransacked and his body was found in a pool of blood! He said he heard the guy was beaten up pretty badly! He said that whoever beat the guy up did a good job on him! Tony said he heard the guy's eye and nose were busted! He heard the guy's jaw was probably broken in three places! He heard the guy had a broken arm, fractured skull and a broken neck!"
"WHAT! THE GUY HAD ALL THOSE THINGS ON HIS BODY BROKEN?" 
"Yeah!"
"WELL WHO IN THE WORLD COULD HAVE DONE SOMETHING LIKE THAT?"
"Tony says no one knows! The perpetrator or perpetrators haven't been caught yet! Tony also said that a piece of the guy's pri­vate part had been ripped or bitten right off his body and that there was blood all over his apartment!"
"OH MY GOD!"
"Tony also said he saw a trail of bloody shoe prints leading from the guy's apartment going right into the stairwell! He said the police are all over the place and they have not caught anybody yet!"
"WELL WHAT ABOUT DANA? IS SHE OKAY?"
"Yes Dana is okay! Tony said that she was in the bed asleep!"
"WELL DOES SHE KNOW ABOUT THIS?"
"No! I don't think Tony told her about it yet! He said he came home and found Dana asleep in bed! He said he tried to wake her up, but she didn't respond! He said she stayed asleep! Tony said Dana is probably tired from doing some house cleaning that he didn't want to wake or disturb her!"
"SHE DID SOME HOUSE CLEANING? WELL IF TONY DON'T WANT TO WAKE DANA UP TO TELL HER ABOUT THIS INCIDENT, I'M GONNA CALL DANA UP MYSELF AND TELL HER ABOUT IT! WITH THIS PERPETRATOR OR PER­PETRATORS RUNNING AROUND LOOSE, IT'S NOT SAFE FOR DANA TO STAY OVER THERE IN THAT BUILDING! WE GOT TO GET HER OUT OF THERE!"
Dana's entire family agrees. Aunt Celeste goes into the next room as her family members follow behind her. She gets on the tele­phone and calls up Dana and Tony's number.
Inside Tony and Dana's apartment, Tony walks into the dark liv­ing room as he hears the telephone ringing. He picks up the tele­phone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Tony! It's me Aunt Celeste!"
"Oh hi Aunt Celeste!"
"Hi! Tony, Grandma just told me about the horrible incident that had happened in your building today!"
"Yeah it's true Aunt Celeste! The police are all over the place!"
"Yeah? Well have this perpetrator or perpetrators been caught yet?"
"No, not that I know of. The police haven't found anybody yet." 
"Well does Dana know about this?" 
"No. I didn't get a chance to tell her about it yet." 
"No? Why haven't you had the chance to tell Dana about this yet Tony?"
"She was asleep! I tried to wake her up right after I spoke with Grandma a little while ago, but Dana still didn't wake up. She was in a deep sleep."
"Well Tony could you do me a favor? Try to wake Dana up for me and tell her that I want to speak to her please?"
"Okay. I'll see if she would wake up this time. Hold on." Tony puts the phone receiver down to the side. He then walks away towards the bedroom.
Back at Gracy's home, Aunt Celeste holds and waits on the phone for a while. She suddenly says, "Hey Dana? Hi, Dana! How are you dear? It's me, Aunt Celeste! How are you doing? I'm sorry for waking you but there's something you have to know! Tony had called here and told Grandma and the rest of the family that a man named Mark that lived inside your building on the 6th floor was found dead inside of his own apartment! Tony told Grandma that the man was found beaten to death! He told Grandma that he heard the guy was beaten up pretty badly and that his body was found in a pool of blood! I heard his eye and his nose were busted! I heard his jaw was broken in three places! I heard his arm was broken, his skull was fractured and his neck was broken! I even heard his private part had been ripped or bitten right off his body! I heard blood was every­where inside the guy's apartment and his apartment was ransacked! Tony told Grandma that he saw a trail of bloody shoe prints leading from the guy's apartment, going right into the stairwell! Tony told Grandma that the police are all over the place! I heard the police haven't caught anybody yet! Tony wanted to tell you all about this himself Dana, but he said you were asleep!"
Back in Tony and Dana's apartment, sleepy eyed Dana, who is wearing a mint green tank top and dark green leggings, stands there in the darkness of her living room, listening to her Aunt Celeste on the telephone as Tony sits beside her, looking on. Aunt Celeste con­tinues, "You know Dana I don't think that it's safe for you to stay over there in that building if there's some perpetrator or perpetrators running around loose over there! Dana the family and I want you to come over here and stay with us for a while until whoever the per­petrator or perpetrators are get caught alright?"
"Aunt Celeste I can't come over there now!"
"No? Well why not Dana? Look Dana, there is no reason at all why you cannot come over here right now! There is no reason at all! You are not going to stay over there in that building with that per­petrator or perpetrators still running around loose! You can come over here right now and you will! Now pack your things Dana because we're coming to get you! The boys and I will be on our way to pick you up! We'll see you in a little while!" Aunt Celeste hangs up the telephone. She then shouts to her nephews, "COME ON GUYS LET'S GO!" She and her nephews get ready to leave the house to go pick up Dana.
It is early Sunday morning now. Dana and Tony are in the bed inside her grandparents' house. Dana lays in the bed with her eyes open as she and Tony lay under the covers together. She starts to look towards the night table at the clock. She turns to look at Tony as he lays asleep with his arms wrapped tightly around her body. She gently tries to unlock Tony's arms from around her body, trying not to wake him. She struggles with his arms a little, being that he has a tight grip around her body. She finally removes Tony's arms from around her body as he remains asleep. Dana removes the covers from off her body as she slides to the edge of the bed. She gets up from out of the bed in her night gown and leggings. Then she gently fixes the blanket back on the bed and Tony. She limps a little towards the bedroom door, opens the door and leaves the room.
Around 45 minutes later, Dana limps down the staircase, dressed in a short light blue dress. She goes into the kitchen. Her family and relatives are all in the kitchen having breakfast. Her Uncle Willie approaches her and says, "Come on Dana, have some breakfast," as he holds a pot of coffee and a mug in his hands.
"No, that's okay Uncle Willie. I have to go back to the apartment for a few things I forgot and left yesterday."
"Okay Dana," Gracy says. "You'll be back later won't you?"
"Yeah, I'll be back Grandma. Tell Tony I'll be back in a little while."
"Okay, I will," Gracy says as Dana limps away towards the front closet.  Gracy follows behind Dana.
Aunt Celeste then follows behind and says, "Listen Dana, we all think that it's best for you not to live back in your apartment build­ing again until this perpetrator or perpetrators get caught! You're gonna have to live here for a while." Dana turns around and looks at her Aunt Celeste as her Aunt Celeste continues, "I'm sorry Dana! But either you're gonna have to move away from that building and live in another building someplace else, or you're gonna have to come back here and live with us!"
"That's right Dana," Gracy says. "We'll all worry about you staying in that building! We know bad things happen everywhere but it's not every day that you hear somebody getting mutilated like that! Especially where you live!"
Dana turns and goes into the front closet and grabs her thin white coat. She turns to face the door as she says, "I'll see what I can do."
"There's no time to think about it Dana," Aunt Celeste says as she sips on a cup of coffee. "For all we know, the perpetrator or per­petrators might come back to your building before you get the chance to move out! And you don't want to be their next victim do you?" Aunt Celeste says as she fixes Dana's coat collar.
Dana secretly rolls her eyes as she heads for the front door. She opens the front door as Gracy says, "Now be careful Dana. You still have that perpetrator on the loose!"
"Okay Grandma. I'll be careful," Dana says as she goes out the door. She walks to her car as her grandmother and her Aunt Celeste stand behind watching. Dana gets into her car, starts up the engine and pulls off! Gracy and Celeste then step back inside the house and close the front door.
After Gracy and Celeste close the front door, Celeste turns to her mother Gracy and says, "Mom, I noticed that Dana's face is sort of reddish. She doesn't really look too well. I meant to ask her was she feeling sick or something like that, but I forgot. Is she feeling alright Mom?"
"Yeah Dana is alright. Tony and I asked her about her face last night."
"You did?" 
"Yeah."
"Well what did she tell y'all?"
"She told us that while she was cleaning her apartment yester­day, she had used too much ammonia in there and sort of gotten sick from it."
"She got sick from the ammonia?"
"Yeah. Dana said she think she used too much ammonia in her apartment, that's what kind of got her feeling sort of sick and slug­gish."
"Oh I see. Well I noticed that when the boys and I had gone to pick her up from her apartment yesterday, I smelled ammonia in there too. It wasn't too strong when the boys and I was there. Maybe it had worn itself off by the time we got there."
"Yeah it probably did. You know Celeste it's a good thing you and the boys did take Dana out of her apartment last night and brought her over here, because if she would have stayed in her apart­ment any longer, she would have felt much more worse from breath­ing that ammonia in!"
"Yeah she would have. And I noticed that Dana is sort of limp­ing! I meant to ask her about that also, but I forgot. You know why Dana's limping Mom?"
"Yeah. Tony and I questioned her about that also."
"What did she say?"
"She said that while she was mopping the hallway floor in her apartment, she had tripped over the wet soapy floor and fell! She said she hurt her leg a little, that's why her leg is sort of bothering her."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. She said the pain is not too bad. Dana will be alright. Tony and I told her not to stay on her feet too much. We told Dana to stay off her feet as much as possible until the pain goes away."
"Yeah that usually works," Celeste smiles and says as she and Gracy head back towards the kitchen.
Around 20 minutes later, Dana arrives to her building. She enters it and goes through the lobby. She sees other tenants in the building and over hears them talking about what had happened to Mark. When the other tenants see Dana, they all approach her and ask, "Hey Dana! Did you hear about what happened yesterday? Did you hear about what happened to Mark, the man who lived upstairs on the 6th floor?" 
"No. I didn't."
"Mark, the neighbor who lived upstairs on the 6th floor was found dead inside his apartment! He was found beaten to death! His eye was busted, his nose was broken and his jaw was broken in three places! His arm was broken, his skull was fractured and he had a broken neck! A piece of his private part had been ripped or bitten right off his body and there was blood everywhere in Mark's apart­ment!"
"Oh really?"
"Yeah!"
"I'm sorry to hear about that. Listen guys, I have to get ready to go. I'm in a hurry."
"Okay Dana! Talk to you later! Be careful around here because the perpetrator or perpetrators are still on the loose! The police still haven't caught anybody yet!"
"Okay, I'll be careful."
"Okay Dana! Bye!"
Dana starts to walk away as the neighbors continue to talk to each other about the incident. She walks towards the elevator. As she turns the corner towards the elevator, she turns her head to look back at the tenants. She then goes to the elevator and gets inside with the door closing behind her.
Around 25 minutes later, Dana comes back out of her building, wearing different clothes. She is wearing her dark brown leather jacket, a pair of brown pants, black shoes and a long thick braid hanging down her back. She goes on with her life as if though noth­ing ever happened. Dana knows what she had done, but she does not let on to anyone that she was involved in Mark's murder. She does not mention a word to anyone.
Around 20 minutes later, Dana enters inside a real estate office. She goes to the side and waits for a while until she gets called on. Twenty minutes later, Dana is called on by a real estate agent, an older black woman. Dana goes towards the agent's desk and takes a seat. The agent says to her, "Hello. I'm Louise Baker. And you are?"
"Dana Brown."
"Okay Dana. What can I do for you today?" 
"I need an apartment right away."
"Oh yeah? Well what kind of apartment are you looking for, or what kind of apartment do you have in mind?"
"Anything with a one bedroom will be fine. As long as it's affordable."
"I see. And how many people will be living with you?" 
"Just me and my boyfriend."
"You and your boyfriend, hum? Well where would you and your boyfriend like to live?"
"Any affordable apartment around this area."
"Okay. Let me see what we have here." Louise looks through her papers and files. She then says, "Okay Dana. Here are some apart­ments that might be available for you and your boyfriend. These apartments are only a mile away from here." Louise starts to tell Dana about the kind of neighborhoods, the rent costs, the utilities and everything else about some of the apartments. Dana decides to check out one of the apartments that is available.
Fifteen minutes later, Louise and Dana come out of Louise's car. They approach a two-family house. Louise unlocks the front door of the house and opens it. She takes Dana to an upstairs apartment inside the two-family house. Dana steps into the empty apartment first with Louise following in behind her. Dana looks around the place and goes from room to room. After she finishes looking around the rooms, she tells Louise, "I want to look at the other places."
"What, you don't like this one?" 
"No."
"Okay," Louise says. She then takes Dana to a few more places. She takes Dana to more house apartments. After a while, Dana turns all the apartments down. She tells Louise, "I don't like this one. I'm gonna shop around somewhere else."
"So you don't like any of the apartments you've seen so far, huh?"
"No," Dana says as she walks away.
"Okay," Louise says. "I'll take you back to the real estate office." Dana and Louise leave out of the apartment, closing the door behind themselves.
A couple of days later on a Tuesday morning, Tony is home speaking on the telephone, saying, "Ma, I'm gonna go to the real estate office this morning to look for another apartment for me and Dana to live in."
"What? What do you mean you're gonna go to the real estate office to look for another apartment? Why?"
"Well Dana's family has had the creeps about her staying and living here in this building ever since they heard about what happened to that guy Mark that lived upstairs on the 6th floor! Dana's family wants her to move out of this building right away Ma! Her family wants her to move back home with them! Her family told her either she has to move back home with them, or she has to move somewhere else to live besides here! Dana's family doesn't want her to stay and live here in this building because they said the perpetra­tor was never caught! They feel the perpetrator or perpetrators may come back to claim another victim and Dana's family do not want her to be that next victim!"
"So what is Dana going to do or what does she want to do?"
"Dana is planning on moving out of here. She went to the real estate office the other day, but she said she didn't find anything that was reasonable, so I'm gonna go shop around and see if I can find something that is reasonable for us."
"Wow Tony! I mean this is so sudden!"
"I know Ma, but what else can we do? If it wasn't for that attack that happened to the guy upstairs, Dana's family wouldn't be push­ing for her to move out of here so sudden like this! Dana's family is very concerned about her safety Ma!"
"Yeah, I guess I can understand that. So do you want me and your father to come along to the real estate office with you and help you shop around?"
"Sure Ma! That will be nice!"
"Okay Tony. We'll pick you up in around 20 minutes, okay? Just meet me and your father outside the building. We're gonna wait for you inside the car."
"Okay Ma. Thanks a lot. I'll see you and Dad in 20 minutes."
"Okay Tony. By now."
"By." Tony hangs up the telephone.
Around 40 minutes later, Tony and his parents arrive at a real estate office. They all sit and wait at the side to be called on. Tony is then called on by an older black woman. He and his parents get up from their chairs and walk over to the woman. The woman says, "Hello. My name is Beth Parker. How can I help you today?"
"Well," Tony says. "I want to look for an affordable apartment for myself and my girlfriend Dana. She's not here right now. She's at work."
"Oh yeah? Well what kind of apartment would you and your girlfriend Dana like to have?"
"A nice affordable one bedroom is all we need right now."
"Okay," Beth says as she starts to look through her papers. She then tells Tony, "There's some nice one bedroom apartments I see might be available for you and your girlfriend."
"Okay good."
Beth tells Tony about the neighborhoods the available apart­ments are in. She then tells Tony about the rent, the utilities, and etc. Tony says, "Let's go check it out."
Beth takes Tony and his parents and drives them all around to look at some of the available apartments. She shows them an apart­ment in a small building. Tony and his parents look around. Tony isn't too satisfied with the apartment. He turns it down. Beth then takes Tony and his parents to another apartment building, which is around a half mile away. She shows Tony a tall apartment building. She then shows Tony a couple of empty apartments inside the build­ing. Tony likes the apartments that are inside the building. All the living rooms in each apartment seem very large and spacious! He chooses one of the apartments. He chooses an apartment on the 5th floor and tells Beth he'll take it. He then asks, "So when can me and my girlfriend move in?"
"Oh you two can move in within a few days."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"Good. Okay let's go take care of some paper work so I can get everything settled."
"Okay," Beth says. She, Tony and his parents all start to leave out of the apartment.
A few days later on a Friday afternoon, Tony moves into the new apartment with Dana. By the time the police come around Dana and Tony's old building questioning people about Mark's death, Dana and Tony had already moved out. Again, the police do not catch up with Dana. Dana does not tell Tony or anybody else about what real­ly happened with Mark. Nobody suspects a thing.
Later on that evening, Dana's family and Tony's family are all inside Dana and Tony's new apartment. They are all inside the large living room, helping unpack a few extra things that are left. Both families had all heard about the incident that happened to the guy Mark that lived in Dana and Tony's old building. They are all shocked about it. They all say it's pretty scary for something like that to happen so close to home. They all wonder, who could be next. They all wonder if the suspect or suspects will ever get caught. As Dana's family and Tony's family continue to speak about the inci­dent with Mark, Dana keeps quiet. She does not say a word about the incident as she unpacks a few boxes. No one knows she is the sus­pect. No one knows this but her. No one suspects Dana at all. Her family and friends have no clue. As Dana remains quiet, Sammy taps her on the shoulder and says, "Hey Dana? You seem kind of quiet. Are you okay? Are you alright with your new place?"
"Yeah I'm alright with it Sammy. I'm okay. I'm just kind of tired from all this unpacking."
"Yeah? Well why don't you go lie down and rest for a while Dana. I'll unpack the rest of this stuff for you. Go ahead. Lie down and rest."
"Thanks a lot Sammy."
"You're welcome Dana. I'll talk to you later. Go ahead and lie down."
"Okay," Dana says. She then walks away as Sammy starts to unpack.











































Chapter 20

The Rapist


A couple of months later, it is around 4:30 on a Monday afternoon. Landa is dressed in light blue stretch jeans and a light blue denim jacket. She is walking down a street with a friend named Claudette, who is a slender built black woman wearing dreadlocks. As Claudette and Landa are walking down the street, Landa notices that a man is following her and Claudette. She tells Claudette about the man so Claudette turns around to look. She sees the man fol­lowing her and Landa also. The man notices that the two women realize that he is following them so he decides to talk to them. The man, a male black who is around his early to mid 30's and stands at 6' tall, pretends to the two women that he is lost. So he decides to ask them for directions to a phony address. Landa and Claudette speak back to the man. As the man continues to talk to the two women, he starts to get closer to them. Landa and Claudette start to back up. The man starts to get close to them again. Landa and Claudette back up again. The man starts to get angry and grabs at Landa's arm, pulling her towards him! Claudette becomes fright­ened and grabs Landa away from the man! She holds on to Landa very tightly, trying to pull Landa away from the deranged character! Landa jerks her arm away and breaks free of the man! She violently kicks him in the groin! The man holds onto his groin very tightly! He then hurries away! Claudette is nervous and scared! She says, "Oh my God Landa! Are you alright? Did that creep hurt you?"
"I'm alright Claudette! I didn't get hurt!"
"Landa I think we better call the police! That might be the sus­pected rapist that we hear has been going around town raping sever­al women!"
Landa shockingly looks at Claudette! Claudette grabs Landa and says, "Come on over to my house Landa. I'm gonna call the police and make a report of that creep!" Landa and Claudette hurry away!
Several minutes later, Landa and Claudette are inside Claudette's house. Claudette is on the telephone speaking with the police. She tells the police about what happened with her and Landa. Claudette tells the police, "Me and my friend Landa were accosted by a strange character! The character had tried to grab Landa!" Claudette speaks with the police for a while. After she finishes speaking with the police, she tells Landa, "The police are gonna come over and make a search of the area."
"Good, because I have to get ready to go."
"Go? Go where?"
"I got to go meet up with Dana at my grandparents' house! I'm supposed to be there right now!" 
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. Dana is going to drive me to the college tonight." 
"Oh she is? That college course you were planning to take starts tonight?"
"Yeah, 6:00. Dana is probably over at my grandparents’ house right now waiting for me. If she's at my grandparents' place waiting for me and I don't show up, she's gonna have a fit and that's one thing I don't need right now is for Dana to have a fit."
"Yeah, I know what you mean. Well why don't you call up your grandparents' house and see if Dana had showed up there yet."
"Okay. That's a good idea." Landa goes to the telephone and calls up her grandparents' house. She stays on the phone for a few minutes. After she finishes on the telephone, she tells Claudette, "Dana hasn't showed up at my grandparents' house yet. She could be on her way over there now. I have to get ready to go Claudette."
"Okay Landa. You be careful going out there. That creep might still be out there."
Landa starts to head for the front door and says, "Yeah, I know. I'll be careful."
Claudette opens the front door and asks, "So how are you get­ting home?"
"I'm gonna walk," Landa says as she walks out the door. Claudette looks at Landa worriedly. Landa then says, "I'll see you later."
"Okay Landa. Now remember, be careful!"
"Alright," Landa says as she walks away. She starts to walk down the street. She has a few blocks to walk home. After she walks a block, she suddenly sees the strange man again. The man sees Landa. He starts to walk towards Landa. Landa continues to walk, minding her own business. As she walks, the man rushes up to her and approaches her. He says to Landa in an angry voice, "You know that wasn't a very smart move you did to me earlier!"
"That wasn't a very smart move you did to ME earlier!"
The man grabs at Landa again! He grabs Landa by the arm! Suddenly, he pulls out a knife! He holds the knife up to Landa's face! Landa suddenly kicks the man real hard in the groin area again! She breaks hold of his grip and rips her jacket in the process! She starts to run away! The man starts to chase after Landa! He chas­es after Landa with the knife in his hand! Landa runs as fast as she can! She runs a couple of blocks towards her grandparents' home! She approaches closer towards her grandparents' home with the strange man still in hot pursuit!
As Landa reaches closer to her grandparents' home, she sudden­ly spots Dana's car in the driveway! She sees Dana about to come out of her car! Landa runs towards Dana and calls out, "DANA! DANA!"
Dana, who is in her car dressed in a dark green jacket and match­ing dark green pants, turns to look. As she looks, she is shocked to see a man chasing after her sister with a knife! Dana rushes out of her vehicle! She rushes towards Landa as the man quickly turns and runs the other direction! Dana grabs and holds on to Landa very tightly! Landa is all hysterical and upset! Her jacket is ripped! She is furious and angry! Dana starts to scream, "WHAT HAPPENED?"
Landa screams and shouts as she tells Dana everything that just happened! Dana becomes furious and angry! She starts to shout all over the place! Her family members are all inside the house. They hear shouting coming from outside of the house. They all rush to look out the window! When they look out the window, they see Dana and Landa outside shouting at each other! They then see Dana pulling Landa towards the car, signaling for Landa to hurry into the car! They then see Dana and Landa both rush to the car and hop inside of it! Dana quickly starts up the engine! Her family starts to rush out of the house! They hurry out of the house calling out, "DANA! LANDA! DANA! LANDA!" Dana ignoring her family quickly pulls off and speeds her car out of the driveway! She speeds her car down the street! Her family tries to go after her car on foot! Knowing Dana's violent temper, her family fears that she might go and do something crazy and drastic! They all go and hop into a sec­ond and third cars that are in the driveway! They speed those cars out of the driveway and race them down the street! They try to go after and follow Dana and Landa, but they don't know which way Dana's vehicle had turned or went! Dana's family is driving around desperately trying to find out which direction she and Landa had gone off and drove to!
In Dana's car, Dana and Landa are driving around looking for the guy! They are both furious and screaming! Landa is hysterical! She is shouting and telling Dana everything that the guy did to her! She tells Dana that the guy had grabbed her but that she was able to kick him in the groin and get away. Then he started to chase after her with the knife. As Landa continues to scream, she and Dana sud­denly spot the strange man! They spot him walking towards some big bushes that are several yards away from him! Dana angrily shouts, "THERE HE IS! THAT'S THE ONE I SAW CHASING YOU WITH THE KNIFE!"
"YEAH THAT'S HIM!"
"AND HE'S THE ONE WHO RIPPED YOUR JACKET, RIGHT?"
"YEAH, HE'S THE ONE!"
Dana quickly speeds her vehicle around the corner! She quickly pulls the car over to a curb and jumps out of her vehicle! Landa then jumps out of the vehicle! Dana grabs Landa by the hand as they both rush towards the bushes to duck down and hide behind them! They hide close to a gap that's in the bushes! The man is still walking towards the bushes, but he does not see Dana or Landa! He is unaware that they are in the area.
As Dana and Landa continue to duck behind the bushes, Landa whispers, "Be careful Dana! He has a knife!"
"Yeah I saw it!"
Dana and Landa see the man coming closer and closer towards the gap that's in the bushes, but the man still does not see them. As the man approaches the gap, Dana sneaks up on the side of the guy and ambushes him! She throws the guy a fast hard blow to the face with her fist! Blood splatters everywhere as the guy screams out in pain! Dana angrily screams out at the guy, "WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO TO MY SISTER?" Dana suddenly kicks the man real hard in the groin! The guy starts to yell and bawl over in pain! Dana jumps up and throws her entire arm across the air, banging it with such great force right against the man's head, knocking him down! Dana bends down to the guy and starts to grab hard at his shirt col­lar, lifting him up! The guy angrily gets up and starts to attack back at Dana! He and Dana start to get into a real hard, vicious fight! The guy swings his fist right towards Dana's face, but Dana ducks her head down in time, causing the guy to miss! Dana then throws her entire arm into the air and WHAMMS her fist right into the guy's face again, breaking his jaw! The guy screams out in pain again! Dana takes her fists again and throws the guy several straight blows to the face! She grabs his head and violently bangs her knee against his head, throwing his head backwards! Then she quickly spins her entire body around and power punches the guy right in the mouth, busting out all his teeth! More blood splatters everywhere as the guy's face and mouth start to become bloodier! Landa then jumps into the fight to help Dana! She and Dana both start to grab and beat on the guy as he screams out in pain! Dana and Landa are on each side of the guy as they viciously start to beat and pull hard on him! They knee the guy hard into his chest and stomach! They grab his head and knee him in the head again! Then they viciously pull the guy again, throwing him several feet hard against the ground! Dana goes and bends down to the guy as he lies on the ground! She puts her entire body weight right on top of the guy as she goes for his throat! She tries to choke him to death! Landa comes and tries to pin the guy's arms and hands down to the ground as Dana chokes him! A small crowd starts to gather as somebody calls for the police! The crowd starts to grab and pull onto Dana and Landa, trying to break up the fight! The crowd lifts both Dana and Landa up off the guy! As the crowd pulls and holds onto Dana and Landa, suddenly, the guy leaps up from off the ground! He angrily starts to go straight towards Landa! He cusses and swears at Landa as he lunges straight towards her! Then he leaps up and kicks Landa right into her stom­ach, knocking her a few feet away against a fence! Landa bounces off the fence and falls to the ground as the guy falls to the ground also! Dana seeing this angrily and furiously breaks free from the crowd!  She rushes right towards Landa as Landa lies on the ground! Then the guy gets up painfully from off the ground! Dana angrily goes after the guy! She lunges right towards the guy, leaps up and kicks him hard into his stomach, knocking him several feet away, hard down to the ground! The crowd goes to grab a hold of Dana again! Dana struggles to free herself from the crowd as the guy lays on the ground! The guy is in a lot of pain! He gets up from off the ground again! He is furious! He desperately tries to go after Landa again! Dana desperately trying to protect her sister angrily and furi­ously breaks free from the crowd again! She goes after the guy again and WHAMMS her fist right into the guy's jaw again! She takes her iron fists and throws the guy several straight blows to his face again! The crowd is stunned as they hear Dana's loud blows! Dana begins to fight, using martial arts! She quickly spins her entire body around again and kung fii kicks the guy hard into his chest and side area, breaking his ribs! The guy hollers and screams out in pain! Dana quickly spins her entire body around again and throws her right fist right into the guy's face! Then she quickly spins her entire body around the opposite direction and throws a left hook right into the guy's temple, knocking him out cold as more blood splatters! The guy falls hard to the ground! Dana goes after the guy as he lies motionless on the ground! She puts her entire body weight right on top of the guy and goes for his throat again! She tries to choke him again! The crowd starts to gasp! They are all shocked and stunned! Landa breaks free from the crowd! She goes after the guy also and pins his arms and hands down to the ground again as Dana contin­ues to choke him! The crowd is screaming! They go and try to restrain Dana and Landa again!
The police then arrive! They hurry and approach the crowd! The crowd hurries and moves away from Dana and Landa as the police approach! The police grab onto Dana and Landa as they both con­tinue to choke the guy! Dana and Landa get up! They break free from the police! They both start to run! The police chase after them! Dana then grabs onto Landa's hand and wrist as they both continue to run! The police quickly catch up with them! Dana turns her body around towards the police and pulls Landa behind her, away from the police as the police try to subdue them! Dana and Landa both begin to put up a mighty struggle with the police! Dana continues to hold onto Landa's hand and wrist very tightly! They are both furious and angry! They are kicking, screaming and shouting! Dana and Landa continue to struggle with the police as Dana continues to hold a tight grip around Landa's hand and wrist! The police then get Dana and Landa both down on the ground as they try to separate their bloody hands and wrist, which are both covered with the man's blood! The police are still unable to separate Dana's tight grip from around Landa's hand and wrist! Dana puts up a fierce struggle with the police! The police start to pound on Dana's hand and Landa's wrist, but Dana still will not let go of her sister's hand and wrist! The police try their best to pry Dana's hand apart from Landa's hand and wrist, but Dana refuses to let go! She is determined to hold onto her sister's hand and wrist! She is willing to take any abuse from the police, but she will not let go of her sister's hand and wrist!
After the wild struggle, the police finally give in and slap the handcuffs on Dana and Landa! Dana and Landa are both being arrested! They both lay face down on the ground with their legs spread apart as Dana continues to hold a tight grip on Landa's hand and wrist!
Several yards away, the guy continues to lay motionless on the ground! His head and face are all swollen! His head, face, mouth and body are all covered with blood! He continues to lay motionless on the ground! The police are all around him! They have his shirt all opened and lifted up! His chest area is bare! His chest and side area where Dana had kung fu kicked him is all red and swollen! The police are pressing and pounding on his chest! The guy continues to remain motionless! He is lifeless! He is dead. Dana has killed him.
The crowd is still screaming! After a while, the police put a sheet over the man's body! Dana and Landa are both still lying face down on the ground handcuffed together with their legs still spread apart! The police then grab and pick up Dana and Landa! They put Dana and Landa both into a police truck, being that Dana still has a tight grip on to her sister's hand and wrist and will not let go! The police truck then races away with them both! The crowd continues to scream! The ambulance and the paramedics arrive, but it is too late for the man. He is already dead. He had died from the blunt force speed of Dana's hard violent blows to his head and temple. His body still lies on the ground covered in a bloodied sheet.
Twenty minutes later, the police have both Dana and Landa at the station, taken into custody! Dana and Landa's family is soon called. Their family and many relatives arrive and show up at the police station, including their grandparents, their aunts, their uncles, their brothers and their three other sisters Missy, Londa and Linda! Diane D and Michael show up! Tony also arrives, includ­ing Teresa and Joseph! Everyone is all shocked and stunned to hear that Dana had just gotten into another vicious fight and killed anoth­er person! They just can't believe their ears! Dana's family is all hys­terical! They start to scream and shout all over the place! They become very frantic and don't know what to do! They are all very emotional! They want to see Dana and Landa, but are not allowed to! They don't know what happened or what is going on! Dana's family then shouts to the police, "WHAT HAPPENED?"
Police Officer Thompson, a white male around his mid 40's, says, "The two women that we have in the back were found beating and choking a guy! We don't know why! Neither one of them are talking right now! Are you all family with these two women?"
"YES WE ALL ARE," Dana and Landa's family shout!
"THEY'RE BOTH MY DAUGHTERS," David shouts! "ONE IS DANA, THE OTHER ONE IS LANDA!"
"Yeah? Well we found both of your daughters choking a dead guy!"
"WHAT! CHOKING A DEAD GUY?"
"Yeah! We think the guy was already dead when we pulled the two women off of him! We found out that the victim had died from blunt force speeds of several hard blows to his head and temple! The speed and the force of the blows to the victim's temple was so hard and great, that it shattered his bone, killing him instantly!"
The family is all shocked and stunned! Aunt Celeste shouts, "WELL WHO DID THAT TO HIM?"
Officer Thompson looks at David and says, "Well according to some witnesses, it was one of your daughters who did that to him! The taller one!"
"That's Dana! She's my oldest daughter! Well what did she hit this guy with?"
"Well according to the witnesses, she used her bare fists! The witnesses said that she whammed her fists several times right into the guy's head and temple! He died right there on the spot! His body is still laying out there right now!" Dana's family continues to remain shocked and stunned! Officer Thompson tells the family, "When we had come up on your two daughters to stop the fight, they were trying to choke the guy, not realizing he was already dead! We also think the victim had a fractured jaw, fractured skull, busted teeth and a couple of fractured ribs! We are not too sure yet, but we'll have to see what the coroner says!" Dana's family is all shocked again! Officer Thompson says, "We have to notify the vic­tim's next of kin, if he has any! Like I said before, we have not got­ten any statements from either one of your daughters yet! Neither one of them are talking! They're both back there in the cell together!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! We try to get a statement out of them but every time we try to come near them to talk and ask questions, the taller one you said name is Dana would try to attack us!" Dana's family stares at Officer Thompson in disbelief! Officer Thompson looks at them and says, "I'm telling you the truth! Every time I or any of the other offi­cers would come and try to talk to your daughter Dana or her sister, she would make some kind of loud breathing sound and run right towards us! She would slam her body hard right against the bars, causing the bars and walls to tremble and vibrate! She won't let any of us come near her! Especially she won't let anyone near her sis­ter!"
"ARE YOU SURE?" David angrily shouts. "I DON'T KNOW WHETHER TO BELIEVE YOU OR NOT! HOW DO I KNOW YOU'RE NOT HURTING MY DAUGHTERS!"
"Listen we're not hurting your daughters! But we're afraid that your older daughter might hurt us! Listen if you think that we're hurting your daughters, would you like to come back there and check them out for yourself?"
"YEAH, WE WANT TO SEE THEM!" Dana's family shouts!
"Okay, but I can't let all of you back there! I can only let a few of you back there!"
"ALRIGHT, I'LL GO BACK THERE!" David shouts!
"I'LL GO BACK THERE TOO!" Mike angrily shouts!
"I'LL GO WITH YOU TOO DAD!" Sammy shouts!
"Okay," David says. David, Mike and Sammy start to follow Officer Thompson towards the back of the station. Missy, Londa, Linda and the rest of the family and relatives look on anxiously as David, Mike and Sammy follow Officer Thompson towards the back of the station! David, Mike and Sammy all turn a corner and follow Officer Thompson towards a room way in the back of the station. As they are about to approach the back room, they see and hear other officers shouting and frighteningly backing quickly away from a cell in the back room! They suddenly hear a loud bang! Officer Thompson, David, Mike and Sammy start to rush towards the back room as Mike shouts, "WHAT'S GOING ON BACK THERE!"
They reach the back room and look! They see Dana's arms furi­ously trying to attack at the police officers from behind the bars of the dark cell! They rush to the cell! David, Mike and Sammy shout, "DANA ARE YOU AND LANDA ALRIGHT?" They start to speak to Dana through the bars! They hear Dana breathing hard and heavy as they shout, "DANA, DID ANYBODY HURT YOU OR LANDA? DANA WHAT'S THE MATTER? WHAT'S GOING ON?" They all try to calm Dana down! David nervously says, "Dana, try to calm down, alright? Everything is going to be okay! Just try to calm down! Try to tell us everything that happened! If you can't speak to us or don't want to speak to us, let us speak to Landa! Let Landa speak to us!"
Dana doesn't say a word. She just goes towards the back of the dark cell where Landa is laying on a cot! Dana grabs on to Landa's wrist again and lays down on the cot beside her. David, Mike and Sammy could still hear Dana breathing hard and heavy, but they can­not really see her or Landa, being that the cell is very dark! They could barely see way into the dark cell! They see very little inside! They could see Dana laying down in the darkness beside Landa, holding onto Landa very tightly! Sammy then asks, "Dana are you and Landa okay? Dana talk to us! Tell us what happened! If you don't want to talk to us, let us speak to Landa! Let Landa come here and speak to us so she could tell us what happened! Landa could you come over here?"  Landa does not respond. 
David then calls out, "Landa? Landa are you and Dana alright? Landa!" Landa still does not respond. She just lies there in the dark cell with Dana. The officers look on. David, Mike and Sammy look at one another. They then look back towards Dana and Landa. They could see Dana holding tightly onto Landa's shoulder and wrist, refusing to let Landa go. They then look at Officer Thompson. Officer Thompson looks back at them and says, "She's been holding tightly onto her sister since we brought them both in here! She will not let go of her sister! The only time she lets go of her sister is when she's trying to attack us! We tried every­thing to separate her hand from her sister's wrist way before we brought them both in here, but she won't let go! She's had such a tight grip on her sister's wrist, I think her sister's hand is starting to swell up!"
"Oh yeah? Well how long are you going to keep them in there?" Mike asks.
"Well we're gonna try to transfer them to Central Booking real soon."
"Well how long will that be? And is there a bathroom around here for my granddaughters to use?"
"Yes. There's a bathroom right behind the cell where they can just walk in and use."
David tells Mike and Sammy, "Listen, I'm gonna stay here with the girls until they get transferred to Central Booking."
"I'm gonna stay here with the girls too Dad," Sammy says.
"We're ALL going to stay here with the girls until we find out what the heck is going on or what the heck happened," Mike says.
Officer Thompson tells them all, "I'll take you all to the scene of the incident." David, Mike and Sammy all agree to go with Officer Thompson to the scene of the incident. They then agree to come right back to the police station, after they leave the scene of the inci­dent.
David, Mike and Sammy all get ready to leave the back room to go with Officer Thompson. David then says to Dana and Landa, "Okay girls, we'll be right back, okay? We're going to check out something! We'll be right back!"
David, Mike and Sammy look at Dana and Landa. Then they fol­low Officer Thompson out the back room. They walk back to the lobby of the police station. Officer Thompson approaches the rest of the family and tells them, "I'm going to take you all to the scene of the incident." The family gets ready to gather. They start to leave and follow Officer Thompson right out the front door.
Dana's family all hop into their few cars and vans. They drive off and follow Officer Thompson in his police car. Officer Thompson leads the family to the scene of the incident. When they all reach near the scene, they all get ready to park their vehicles. Dana's family looks on at the scene of the incident from their cars. They see a heavy crowd of people there. They all get out of then-vehicles and hurry towards the scene! When they reach the scene, they see a body on the ground covered with a bloody sheet! They are all shocked and stunned! Officer Thompson says to David, "That's the victim's body laying right there under the sheet. That's the one your two daughters were beating up on and trying to choke."
The family is all stunned. They all become scared. They do not know what to do or say.
After a short while, the body is then placed into a body bag. It's then placed on to a stretcher and into a waiting ambulance.
After the body is placed into the ambulance, the ambulance speeds off! After the ambulance speeds off, Dana's family hurries back into their cars in disbelief! They follow Officer Thompson back to the police station.
Dana and Landa are still being held at the police station. After being at the police station all night, Dana and Landa are now being transferred to Central Booking. They are transferred via the police truck again. Their entire family follows behind the police truck to Central Booking. The family stays at Central Booking all night long.
After a long while, Dana and Landa are now being sent to jail. They are offered no bail, so they have to remain in jail for around a month until their court date. Dana's family is all upset and crying at Central Booking. They do not want Dana and Landa to go to jail.
After being at Central Booking all night long, the family starts to leave and head for home. Tony goes home with Dana's family to their house. He is all sad and emotional. He is going to miss Dana.
After the family arrives home, David tells them, "I'm gonna go upstairs and call up Christine."
"Okay David," Gracy says.
David starts to head up the staircase.
A couple of hours later, Tony leaves Dana's family's home. He starts to head back to his and Dana's new apartment.
The next Tuesday morning, Dana's family gets a telephone call from the police station. Officer Thompson calls the family on the phone and tells them that the victim had been identified. Officer Thompson tells David, "The victim had been identified as the sus­pected rapist who's been going around the neighborhood terrifying women! Several women had identified him as the man who had attacked them before and tried to sexually assault them! You think maybe this victim tried to attack your daughters and they retaliated somehow?" ^
"Yeah, that seems very possible! Now I know my daughter Dana! She would not go around beating on or attacking anybody unless she has a reason to!"
"Yeah we understand that, but we still have to hold both Dana and her sister Landa in jail for involuntary manslaughter!  They have to stay in jail until their court date! We'll just see what the courts are going to say when the court date arrives.  When you get a chance, I would like for you to come down to the station to talk about the inci­dent."
"Okay. I'll be there in about an hour." 
"Okay. I'll see you then."
"Okay." David hangs up the telephone. He tells his family what Officer Thompson had just told him, about the victim being the sus­pected rapist who had been going around the neighborhood terroriz­ing several women. The family is all shocked and stunned! They are shocked that a suspected rapist had come across someone in their family!
Inside Tony and Dana's apartment, Tony is still alone. He is very sad and lonely in there without Dana. He stays at home being very bitter, thinking about Dana. He starts to hear the song playing in his head 'Miss You,' by Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes. He wants to visit Dana, but Dana and Landa aren't allowed any visitors or phone calls for the first day. Tony then calls up Gracy and Mike's home. Dana and Landa's Uncle Willie picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hi, this is Tony."
"Hey Tony! It's me Willie!"
"Oh hi Willie! Hey Willie, have any of you heard anything from Dana or Landa yet?"
"No we haven't. We haven't heard anything from either one of them yet. We're planning to bring some of their clothes and other belongings up to the facility for them."
"Well when are you all planning to go up there?"
"Later on today."
"Really? Well I would like to take a ride with you all if it's okay?"
"Sure! We're planning on going to the facility this afternoon around 4:00."
"Okay good. I'll meet you all at your house around 3:30."
"Okay Tony. But we still can't see Dana or Landa. They're still not allowed any visitors right now. We can only bring clothes and packages up for them, but we can't see them."
"Yeah I know, but I still want to ride up there."
"Okay Tony. We'll see you over here in a little while."
"Okay Willie. I'll see you later." Tony hangs up the telephone. 
It is almost 3:30 PM now. Tony arrives at Gracy and Mike's house. He also brings over some items to send for Dana and Landa.
After a while, Tony and the family start to leave the house and head for the facility in which Dana and Landa are kept in. They all get ready to pile inside Mike's car and a couple of other cars. Sammy's 7-year old son Donnell comes running out of the house to the car. He has a drawing in his hands. He tells the family, "Send this drawing to Dana and Landa!" The family looks at the drawing. When they look at the drawing, they are surprised and amazed to see a comput­erized drawing of both Dana's and Landa's faces together. The fam­ily sees a pair of green eyes drawn on Dana's face, while a pair of black-brown eyes is drawn on Landa's face. The family gives a sad warm smile at the drawing. They then give Donnell a sad warm smile and a hug. The family tells Donnell that they will make sure that Dana and Landa receive the drawing. They tell Donnell good­bye and that they will see him later. The family then gets ready to pull off in their cars. They drive off as Donnell and Robert wave goodbye.
Late that night, Christine and several of her family members from Jamaica show up at Gracy and Mike's home, including her two brothers, her sister, their parents Winston and Marie and a couple of relatives. They are all hysterical! Christine starts crying about what happened to Dana and Landa! Gracy and Mike try to comfort Christine and calm her down. Soon, Christine's other children come from down the staircase. They go to their mother and try to comfort her also. Dana's siblings and relatives all tell Christine that they will try and take care of everything.
The following Wednesday morning, Gracy and Mike go to hire criminal lawyers, George Hanson and Walter Stevens again. They hire them to fight for Dana and Landa's case.
The following Thursday, George Hanson and Walter Stevens go to the jail to speak to Dana and Landa.
The following Friday, Dana's parents and grandparents and other family members go to George and Walter's office. They all sit in the office. George Hanson tells Dana's family, "We went to see Dana and Landa yesterday."
"Well how are they both doing?" Mike asks.
"Dana and Landa are both doing fine, except that Landa's hands and wrists are swelled up!"
Walter Stevens says, "Dana was holding a tight grip on to Landa's hands and wrists the whole entire time we were in there! She would not let go of Landa's hands and wrists! Being that Dana had a tight grip on Landa's hands and wrists through the whole entire process, they were both placed into the same cell! Landa's hands and wrists were so swollen up that she needed some medical attention on them!"
George Hanson then says, "The doctors and the correctional officers wanted to wrap some bandages around Landa's hands and wrists, but Dana refused to let anybody come near Landa! Every time the doctors try to come near Landa to help her with her hands and wrists, Dana would start to attack them and chase them all right out of the cell! Landa really needed medical attention on her hands! We had to go in the cell to convince Dana that Landa's hands were swelled up and that Landa is going to need some medical attention on them!"
Walter Stevens says, "We told Dana to look at Landa's hands! She looked at Landa's hands and saw how they were bruised and swelled up! Then she decided to let go of them! We told Dana that nobody is going to hurt Landa if that's what she's afraid of! We told Dana to please let the doctors inside the cell so they can check on Landa's hands and wrists. She finally agreed to let the doctors inside the cell so they can check on Landa's hands and wrists."
"Well thank God for that," the family says.
"Well what did the doctors do for Landa's hands and wrists?" Gracy asks.
"They checked her hands out, then wrapped some ice and ban­dages around them," Hanson says. "I think her hands and wrists will be okay after a while."
"Well thank goodness!"
"Dana also needed some bandages around her hand also," Walter Stevens says.
Dana's family becomes puzzled as Christine asks, "Dana need­ed some bandages around her hand also? Why? What's wrong with her hand?"
George Hanson says, "Well when Dana threw that fatal blow to that guy's head and temple with her fist, the hard fast impact of her fist to the guy's temple caused some bruises on her knuckles!" The family becomes stunned as Walter Stevens says, "Dana has some slight bruises on her left knuckles! The doctors happened to notice it. They checked out Dana's knuckles and wrapped a bandage around her knuckles also." The family remains stunned.
George Hanson then says, "Her hand and knuckles will be okay after a while. Now we spoke to both Dana and Landa about the inci­dent that happened. Landa claims that the victim had followed her and a friend of hers named Claudette, Monday afternoon when they were both walking. Landa claims that the victim had started to talk to her and her friend Claudette. Landa said as the victim was talking to them, he grabbed her by the arm and tried to attack her! Landa claims that she kicked the victim in the groin, then she and her friend Claudette ran and got away! Landa said that she had went to Claudette's house after that. After that, Landa said she started to walk home from Claudette's house. She said after she walked a block, she saw the same man again. He started to approach her while she was walking."
Walter Stevens then says, "Landa said that the man had come up to her and told her that he didn't like what she did to him earlier, kicking him in the groin. Landa then says that the victim had pulled a knife out on her and held it up to her face! Landa says she kicked the guy in the groin again and managed to escape! She said she start­ed to run! She said that the guy started chasing after her with the knife! She said that she ran all the way to her block! That's when she spotted Dana outside in the driveway about to come out of her car! She says she ran towards Dana screaming! That's when Dana looked up and hurried out of the car towards her! Landa says that's when the guy started to turn and run the other way! Landa said that Dana screamed to her and asked her what happened! Landa says she was shouting and telling Dana about the incident!"
The family starts to gasp! They tell Hanson and Stevens, "That's when we saw Dana and Landa shouting right outside of the house! We saw them hurrying towards the car, then they got inside the car and pulled off real quickly!"
Hanson then says, "Well we finally got Dana to speak and make a statement. It took her a while to speak, but we told her that she has to speak and tell her side of the story so we can be able to help her! So she made a statement that as she was about to come out of her car, she heard her sister calling her. She claims to have looked up and saw a man chasing after her sister with a knife. She says that she hurried out of the car and ran to grab her sister, that's when the per­petrator quickly turned and ran the other way!"
Walter Stevens then says, "Dana said she saw her sister's jacket all ripped up. She claimed she had gotten very angry when she saw her sister being chased and was about to be attacked by some mad man.  That's when she decided to go after the guy and fight him. That's when she gave that fatal blow to the guy's temple with her fist, killing him instantly!"
Dana's family remains shock as Gracy says, "Oh my God!"
George Hanson then says, "Anyway, the dead man was identi­fied. He was identified as the suspected rapist who's been terrifying the neighborhood for a while."
"Yeah we heard about that from Officer Thompson," the family says.
David then says, "Listen, we are sorry that a death had to occur but Dana was only protecting her sister! She would protect her sis­ters from anybody! That's why she probably held on to Landa's hands so tightly the entire time! She was afraid somebody was going to hurt Landa! Especially since she witness this mad man or rapist chasing after Landa with a knife! Who knows what would have hap­pened if this rapist had actually caught up with Landa!"
"Yeah that's true," Hanson says. "We're going to try our best to take care of everything alright? Just try to hang in there."
"Okay. Thanks a lot." The family gets up from their chairs. They get ready and start to leave the office as Stevens walks them to the door.










































Chapter 21

Missy's Confession


A couple of days later on a Sunday afternoon, Christine and her family members are at the jail trying to find out about Dana and Landa. They stay at the jail for a while. Later on, Christine and her family members leave the jail and go back to David's brother Kevin's house, where they are all staying.
Missy comes by her Uncle Kevin's house later on. She rings the doorbell. Christine's brother Alan opens the door and lets Missy inside the house. Missy walks into the living room and goes to her mother Christine. She says, "Mom? I want to speak to you in pri­vate."
Christine looks at Missy and asks, "Missy are you alright? Is everything okay?"
"I'll tell you when we're in private."
"Okay. Let's go down in the basement." Christine then turns to her family and says, "I'll be back later everybody."
"Okay," Christine's family tells her as she and Missy start to head off towards the basement door.
Christine and Missy then go inside the basement door. Christine closes the basement door behind herself and Missy, then locks it. She and Missy start to go down into the basement where they could have total privacy. Missy sits Christine down on a bed inside the basement. Missy then looks around the basement to make sure that no one else is around to listen or hear. Christine looks at Missy and asks, "Missy, what is it? What's wrong?"
Missy is very nervous. She sits down beside her mother and starts to nervously say, "Mom, I have a confession to make to you. It's a confession I've been holding back for all these years."
"A confession? What confession Missy? What's going on?"
"Mom, you remember when we were all small back home in Jamaica, when I was around 6-years old? You took us all to this min­eral bath every day?"
"Sure I remember taking you all to that mineral bath everyday Missy! Why what about it?"
"Well, you remember that time it was the end of the day at the mineral bath and all the children and parents were about to go home and we were all about to get into the cab, and as we all was about to get into the cab, we discovered that Londa was missing? You and the cab driver went all around to look for Londa, but Dana and the rest of us found Londa instead? Remember when we brought Londa back over to you and she was crying and screaming?"
"Yeah, I remember all of that!  Why, what about it?"
"You asked Londa where'd she been and Dana told you that Londa was locked inside the bathroom and she couldn't get out?"
"Yeah?"
"Well, Dana lied to you that day Mom! Dana didn't tell you the truth about what happened to Londa!"
Christine becomes stunned. She asks, "What do you mean Dana lied to me? What in the world are you talking about Missy? What do you mean Dana didn't tell me the truth about what happened to Londa? Did something else happened to Londa?"
Missy takes a deep breath. Her eyes become filled with tears as she cries, "Mom, when we found Londa, we didn't find her locked inside any bathroom! We found the maintenance man pulling and grabbing on Londa inside a large room, inside a small building!"
Christine becomes shocked! She hysterically grabs Missy by the shoulders and shouts, "WHAT!" She quickly lowers her voice to keep anybody else in the house from hearing. She hysterically asks, "What are you saying Missy?"
"After you and the cab driver went around to look for Londa, Dana angrily pulled me, Linda and Landa out of the cab to go look for Londa! We went to the mineral bath to look for Londa! We went all through the mineral bath! We looked all around for Londa, but we couldn't find her anywhere! We looked around for a while! Then we heard a child screaming! The scream was coming from the small building! We ran over to the building and opened the door, and when we looked inside the door, we saw the maintenance man pulling and grabbing on Londa!" Christine's eyes open wide as Missy continues, "Londa was screaming and trying to get away from the maintenance man, but the maintenance man was refusing to let her go! Dana and the rest of us all ran in there to get Londa! When the maintenance man saw us coming, he ran out the back door! Dana was about to go after the maintenance man, but she decided to bring us all back to you and the cab driver! That's when we all came back to you! That's when you asked Londa where'd she been and then Dana jumped in and told you that Londa had gotten locked inside the bathroom!"
Christine becomes more shocked! She shockingly shouts, "MISSY, YOU MEAN AFTER ALL THESE YEARS, YOU DECIDE TO TELL ME THIS NOW? THAT WAS OVER 20 YEARS AGO! YOU MEAN TO TELL ME THAT ONE OF MY BABIES WAS ABOUT TO BE ATTACKED AND MAYBE SEXU­ALLY ASSAULTED BY THE MAINTENANCE MAN AT THE MINERAL BATH AND I DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT IT FOR ALL THESE YEARS? OH MISSY HOW COULD YOU ALL KEEP SOMETHING LIKE THIS AWAY FROM ME?"
"We all wanted to tell you right then Mom, but that's not all to the story!"
"WHAT! WHAT DO YOU MEAN THAT'S NOT ALL TO THE STORY?"
"Mom, remember when we all got inside the cab, and then Dana wound up missing, and you and the cab driver went all around to look for Dana?"
"Yeah I remember!"
"Well while you and the cab driver went looking around for Dana, me and the triplets saw Dana running in the distance through the weeds! We got excited to see her so we called her, but she didn't hear us! She just disappeared! Then me and the triplets decided to get out of the cab to follow Dana! We ran to the spot where we saw Dana but she wasn't there! Then we saw her running again in the distance! She was still running through the weeds! We got excited and started to call Dana again, but she still did not see or hear us! She just disappeared again! We ran to that spot where we saw Dana! We didn't see her anywhere! Then the triplets and I heard music playing! That's when we saw the gate of the mineral bath place halfway opened! The triplets and I snuck up close to the gate to take a peek inside of it, and when we looked inside, we saw the mainte­nance man cleaning up the mineral bath! He had a plugged in radio playing nearby! The triplets and I got scared when we saw the main­tenance man, so we decided to back up so the maintenance man wouldn't see or hear us! As we were backing up, we saw Dana inside the place! She was standing several feet behind the maintenance man!"
"You saw Dana inside the place? She was standing several feet behind the maintenance man? What was Dana doing standing behind the maintenance man?"
"Nothing Mom! She was just standing there, looking at him, and watching him! She was looking real angrily at him! The mainte­nance man didn't know that Dana was standing there behind him, watching him, and Dana didn't know that me and the triplets were standing at the gate, watching her! As me and the triplets were watching Dana, all of a sudden, we saw her pick up the radio that was playing on the ground! Then she ran straight towards the main­tenance man with the radio! She shoved the radio right into the maintenance man and pushed him right into the water of the miner­al bath! When the maintenance man fell into the water, Dana held the radio high in the air and threw the radio right into the water, right on top of the maintenance man! The radio was still plugged into an outlet! When the radio hit the water, it started to spark up and smoke! The maintenance man started yelling and screaming! His body started shaking and jerking right inside the water! He was being electrocuted Mom! His entire body was shaking and jerking for a while! Blood was coming out of his mouth and out of his eyes! After a short while, his body stopped shaking! He was dead Mom! He died right in the mineral bath!"
Christine becomes more shocked! Her eyes open more widely as she frighteningly looks at Missy as Missy continues, "The triplets and I got so scared I started to scream! That's when Dana turned around and saw me and the triplets standing frighteningly at the gate! When Dana saw us standing there, she started to angrily run towards us! The triplets and I got so scared, we started to run from Dana, but she caught all of us! She grabbed us all and started yelling at us, asking us what were we doing out of the cab! That's when she brought us all back towards you and the cab driver, then you saw us coming! When we had all came back to you and the cab driver, you had asked Dana where'd she been and then she lied and told you she had gotten locked inside the bathroom! While you were hugging on Dana, she was facing me and the triplets! She gave us all this cold look! By that look she gave us, we all knew what she meant! Not to say anything! And we haven't said anything about it to anybody ever since! I've never told a soul about it Mom, until I just told you! And as far as I know, the triplets never told another soul about it either! We never told anybody what really happened to that maintenance man!"
"Missy! What are you saying?" 
"Dana killed him Mom!"
Christine's eyes open more wider! She takes a deep breath and frighteningly whispers, "Missy, are you saying that Dana killed that maintenance man?"
"Yeah Mom, she killed him! The triplets and I saw and wit­nessed the whole entire thing!"
Christine becomes frightened and hysterical! She is about to pass out from the horrifying news as she shouts, "OH MY GOD MISSY! I DON'T BELIEVE THIS! THIS CAN'T BE TRUE!"
"It's the truth Mom! That's why when we went back to the mineral bath that next morning, we found out and heard that the main­tenance man was found dead inside the mineral bath with his radio in the water! That's why we saw the police and the paramedics out there at the mineral bath and all the parents and children were stand­ing outside! You had asked one of the other parents what happened and that parent told you that the maintenance man was found dead inside the mineral bath! He told you that the police think that the maintenance man had tripped over his radio and fell into the water! That parent told you that the police didn't understand why the main­tenance man had his radio so close to the mineral bath in the first place!"
"MISSY!" Christine frighteningly shouts! "ARE YOU SAYING THAT WHEN THE POLICE WAS OUT THERE, AND THEY AND EVERYONE ELSE THAUGHT THAT THE MAINTE­NANCE MAN HAD TRIPPED OVER HIS RADIO, IS THAT HE DIDN'T TRIP AT ALL? BUT THAT HE WAS PUSHED INTO THE MINERAL BATH? BY DANA? MISSY, WHAT YOU'RE TELLING ME IS THAT DANA WAS BEHIND THAT MAINTE­NANCE MAN'S DEATH?"
"Yeah Mom!"
"OH MY GOD MISSY, I DON'T BELIEVE THIS! DANA WAS ONLY 8-YEARS OLD AT THAT TIME!" Christine's eyes become more wider! She takes a deep breath as she frighteningly asks, "MISSY, WHAT YOU'RE TELLING ME, IS THAT DANA WAS A CHILD KILLER! MY OWN CHILD WAS A CHILD MUR­DERER!"
"That's exactly what I'm telling you Mom! Dana was 8-years old when she killed that maintenance man!"
Christine is about to fall out! Missy goes to catch her! She grabs and holds her mother! Christine holds on to Missy! They both start to cry hysterically! Christine shouts, "AFTER ALL THESE YEARS AND I DIDN'T KNOW ANY OF THIS? OH MISSY HOW COULD YOU ALL KEEP THIS TERRIBLE TRAGEDY AWAY FROM ME?"
"We wanted to tell you right then Mom, but Dana wouldn't let us!"
Christine becomes very choked up as she frighteningly cries, "Oh Missy, what about your father and your brothers? Did any of them ever knew about this? DO ANY OF THEM KNOW ABOUT THIS?"
"No Mom! Nobody knew or knows about this but me, the triplets and Dana! And now you know! Oh Mom this has been eat­ing me up inside for all these years! I wanted to tell you about this so bad, but Dana wouldn't let any of us tell anybody! I didn't know what to do! I didn't know what would happen if I told you and I did­n't know what Dana would do or how she would react if she found out that any of us had opened our mouths!"
"OH MY GOD MISSY, THE TRIPLETS! THEY WERE BARELY 4-YEARS OLD AT THAT TIME! WHAT YOU'RE SAY­ING THAT AT 4-YEARS OLD, THE TRIPLETS WITNESSED A MURDER! ESPECIALLY A MURDER COMMITTED BY THEIR OWN SISTER!"
"Yes Mom, they witnessed the entire thing! So did I!"
"OH MY GOD MISSY! DO THE TRIPLETS STILL REMEM­BER ALL OF THAT!"
"Yes Mom, it's something they will never forget! Neither will I! We're never gonna forget watching somebody die! We're never gonna forget watching somebody die a horrible death! Especially a horrible death committed by our very own sister! We're never gonna forget seeing that maintenance man being electrocuted! We're never gonna forget seeing his body shaking and jerking inside that water, or seeing sparks from the radio attacking his body while he was inside the water, or seeing blood shooting out of his eyes and his mouth, or seeing his body laying dead at the surface of the water with his eyes wide open, or seeing Dana just standing there boldly, angrily staring at that maintenance man's corpse!"
"My God Missy! You and the triplets must have been frightened!"
"Yes Mom, we were very frightened! We're still frightened! The other day, Linda told me and Londa that she gets nightmares about it once in a while, that she would wake up with cold sweats! That's when Londa and I admitted that we get nightmares about it also and wake up with cold sweats! And I'm sure Landa gets nightmares and wake up with cold sweats too!"
Christine stands up and shockingly cries, "OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! MISSY, YOU'RE TELLING ME THAT AFTER ALL THESE YEARS, ONE OF MY BABIES WAS ABOUT TO BE ATTACKED AND MAYBE SEXUALLY ASSAULTED, OR MAYBE EVEN KILLED BY THE MAINTENANCE MAN AND THAT MY OTHER BABY WENT OUT AFTER HIM AND KILLED HIM FOR IT? AND I DIDN'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THIS FOR ALL THESE YEARS?"
"Yes, it's true Mom!"
Christine cries and puts her arms around Missy! They both cry hysterically and put their arms around each other! Missy cries, "Oh Mom, Dana would have never done that to the maintenance man if he didn't try to attack Londa!"
"What you're telling me Missy, is that Dana caught this mainte­nance man attacking her baby sister, and then she gave him a death sentence for it?"
"Yeah Mom! We don't know what that maintenance man's atten­tions were when he was grabbing and pulling on Londa! But he was obviously pulling on her for a reason! We don't know what he would have done to Londa if Dana and the rest of us hadn't caught him in time! He might have been a child molester! He might have been a child rapist or maybe even a child killer! We don't know! The whole point of the story I'm trying to make Mom is that the maintenance man was trying to attack Londa, and for him doing that, Dana went back and killed him!"
"Oh my God Missy! Why didn't Dana just come and tell me?
Why didn't she just have us all go to the police?"
"Because I don't think that's how Dana operates Mom! I think she believes in taking bad matters into her own hands! Maybe she doesn't have faith in the system or something, I don't know! Oh Mom I wanted to tell you about this for such a long time, but I was so confused! I didn't know what to do! I was so torn between telling you and not telling you about this! I felt by me not telling you, I was betraying you! And then I felt if I did tell you, I would be betraying Dana! And that's the last thing in this world I want to do Mom is betray either one of you! Oh Mom, I love you and Dana both very much! I felt that if I did one or the other, I would be betraying one of you!"
"Oh Missy, no wonder why you seemed so depressed the night before and the night we found out that the maintenance man was found dead! No wonder why you seemed so depressed when you sat at the kitchen table that night! You didn't really want to eat your food those two nights! You knew! You knew what happened, but you didn't say anything! You knew what happened but you were afraid to say anything!"
"Yeah Mom, I was!"
"And Dana, she didn't say anything either! That morning we went back to the mineral bath and heard that the maintenance man was found dead, she overheard me talking to that other parent! She overheard the other parent telling me that the police think that the maintenance man had tripped over his radio! You all overheard the other parent telling me this but none of you said anything! You all just let me believe that! And when the police brought the mainte­nance man's body out in that body bag, still, Dana nor any of you said anything! And when we got back inside the cab to ride home, Dana didn't seem to have any conscience at all! She just asked me can't we find another mineral bath to go to!"
"Well Mom, that maintenance man didn't seem to have a con­science or anything when he was grabbing and pulling on Londa as she was crying and screaming, trying to get away from him! He did­n't seem to have any kind of conscience! I guess in Dana's mind, why should she have any conscience for him! Listen Mom, Dana is my sister and I love her very much! The triplets and I all love Dana very much! That's another reason why we didn't say anything or tell anybody about this for all these years! We didn't want Dana to get into any trouble! We didn't want the police to come after Dana and put her away! That's why we kept the whole thing to ourselves! We wanted to protect Dana Mom! We didn't want her to be put away! We didn't want her to be put away!" Missy and Christine cry hys­terically on each other's shoulders!
Missy then pulls back and says, "Now Mom, whatever you do, please don't mention a word to anybody about what I had just told you alright? It was very hard for me to tell you about this and it was very hard for me not to tell you about this! Please Mom, don't tell anyone about what I just told you? Especially Dana! Please Mom? I'M BEGGING YOU! Let's just keep this entire conversation between ourselves? PLEASE don't let Dana find out that you know about this Mom, PLEASE?"
Christine gets choked up! She takes a deep breath and says, "Missy, I won't let Dana know that I know about this, but I have to let your father know about this!"
"WHAT! MOM, YOU'RE GOING TO TELL DAD ABOUT THIS?"
"Missy, Dana is your father's child too! It wouldn't be fair of me to keep this away from him! I have to tell your father about this! I have to! I also have to let your brothers know about this also!"
"OH NO! THE MORE PEOPLE THAT KNOW ABOUT THIS, THE MORE IT WILL GET BACK TO DANA! SHE'S GONNA KNOW THE TRIPLETS OR I OPENED OUR MOUTHS AND BETRAYED HER! OH MOM I DON'T KNOW WHAT DANA WOULD DO OR HOW SHE WOULD REACT IF SHE EVER FINDS OUT THAT ONE OF US OPENED OUR MOUTHS!"
"Missy, whenever I do tell your father and your brothers about this, I'm gonna tell them to keep it strictly in the mediate family! I'm gonna tell them not to mention a word to Dana or any of our rela­tives about this alright? I'm gonna let your father and your brothers know about this, but I'm not gonna let anybody else know about this Missy! I won't tell anybody else about this! But where's Londa and Linda? I want to speak to them about this also!"
"OH MOM! NOW THE WHOLE ENTIRE FAMILY IS GONNA KNOW ABOUT THIS!"
"Missy I have to speak to Londa and Linda about this! I have to! Landa is still in jail with Dana so I can't speak to her about it yet! Now don't worry Missy, I'm only going to speak to the mediate fam­ily about this and no one else! I'm gonna tell them all not to speak to anybody else about this either! I'm gonna tell them not to even speak to Dana about this! I want to ask the triplets about this Missy, because it's just so hard for me to believe!" Christine starts to become woozy! She says, "Oh my God! I don't feel so well!" She starts to hold her head! She then holds her chest!
Missy becomes frightened and nervous as she grabs and holds her mother, shouting, "MOM, ARE YOU ALRIGHT?" Missy starts to call out upstairs for someone to come down and help her mother!
Christine's family members hearing Missy's cries try to open the basement door, but it is locked! They start to bang on the door! Missy rushes up the basement steps! She unlocks the door and opens it! Christine's family members come rushing down the basement steps! When they come down the stairs, they all see that something is wrong with Christine! Christine then passes out! Her family mem­bers all grab a hold of her, coming to her aid as her brother Alan shouts, "WHAT HAPPENED MISSY?"
"We were just sitting here talking and she just started to hold her head and then her chest!"
Christine's family members start to carry her up the stairs! She is then rushed to the hospital!
Twenty minutes later, Christine's family members arrive to the hospital with her! Christine is then put on to a stretcher and carried off through the hospital corridor.
After a while, Christine lays in the hospital bed, passed out. Her family members stand there by her side, including her children. Doctor Matthews, an older black gentleman, soon comes into the room and tells Christine's family that she is suffering from stress. Alan tells Doctor Matthews, "Well she has two daughters that are in jail. That's why she's probably suffering from stress."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yes."
Everyone looks at Christine as she lays passed out on the bed. Missy looks on nervously, but does not say a word. Alan starts to talk with the doctor. After a while, the doctor leaves the room.
David and his family soon rush inside the hospital room to see Christine! As both families stand around Christine, Missy pulls Linda to the side. She tells Linda, "I want to talk to you in private."
Missy brings Linda out into the hallway. She leads Linda down the end of the corridor where they could talk in total privacy. Missy and Linda stop. Linda then leans her head and back against the wall with her arms folded as she looks at Missy. Missy takes a deep breath. She starts to whisper, "Linda, you remember what we were talking about the other day, about what happened back in Jamaica when we were all small, and we were all at that mineral bath? When we caught that maintenance man grabbing and pulling on Londa, trying to attack her, and then Dana went back after the maintenance man and killed him for it? The one you said you get nightmares about?"
Linda's eyes open wider as she takes her head off the wall! She firmly asks, "Missy why are you bringing that up now?"
"Because I had just told Mom everything about that a little while ago at Uncle Kevin's house!"
"YOU WHAT!"
"Yeah Linda! I told Mom everything! That's why she's in here right now! She had gotten shocked and sick from the news!"
"WHAT! YOU MEAN TO TELL ME THAT YOU TOLD MOM EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENED ABOUT THE MAINTE­NANCE MAN GRABBING AND PULLING ON LONDA? TRY­ING TO ATTACK HER AT THE MINERAL BATH? AND THEN DANA WENT BACK AFTER HIM AND KILLED HIM FOR IT?"
"Yeah Linda! I told Mom everything! I told Mom everything that happened back then!"
"OH MISSY WHY IN THE HELL DID YOU GO AND DO THAT FOR? WHY DID YOU HAD TO TELL MOM ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED BACK THEN? WHY DID YOU HAD TO TELL HER ABOUT WHAT THE MAINTENANCE MAN DID TO LONDA? ESPECIALLY WHY DID YOU TELL HER THAT DANA WENT BACK AFTER HIM AND KILLED HIM FOR IT? YOU SHOULD HAVE NEVER TOLD MOM ABOUT THAT MISSY! SUPPOSE SHE GOES BACK AND TELLS SOMEBODY ELSE ABOUT IT! SUPPOSE SHE GOES BACK TO DANA AND MENTIONS THIS TO HER! DANA IS GONNA KNOW ONE OF US TOLD MOM ABOUT THIS BECAUSE NOBODY ELSE KNOWS ABOUT THIS MISSY! NOBODY ELSE WAS THERE! IF DANA FINDS OUT THAT MOM KNOWS ABOUT THIS, YOU BETTER BELIEVE SHE'S GONNA BE FURIOUS WITH US MISSY! AND WE DON'T KNOW WHAT IN THE WORLD SHE MIGHT DO!"
"Linda I already told Mom not to tell Dana or anybody else about this, but she said that she's gonna tell Dad and the boys about it! She said they should know about it, but she said she's not going to tell any of our relatives about it! She said that she's not going to mention any of this to Dana and she said whenever she tells Dad and the boys about this, she's gonna tell them not to mention a word to Dana about it either!"
"BUT STILL MISSY! NOW THAT MOM KNOWS ABOUT THIS, SHE'S NEVER GONNA LOOK AT DANA THE SAME WAY AGAIN! WHEN SHE TELLS DAD AND THE BOYS ABOUT IT, THEY'RE NEVER GONNA LOOK AT DANA THE SAME WAY EITHER! FROM NOW ON IN THE FUTURE, EVERY TIME MOM, DAD OR THE BOYS LOOK AT OR SEE DANA, THAT INFORMATION THAT THEY'RE ALL GOING TO KNOW IS GONNA STICK IN THEIR HEADS FOREVER! JUST LIKE IT'S BEEN IN OUR HEADS FOREVER! THE NEXT TIME MOM, DAD OR THE BOYS LOOK AT OR SEE DANA, THEY'RE ALL GONNA SEE SOMETHING THAT THEY'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE! A FORMER CHILD MURDERER! THAT'S WHAT THEY'RE ALL GONNA SEE THE NEXT TIME THEY LOOK AT OR SEE DANA!" Linda angrily starts to walk away!
"LINDA!"
Linda turns around and takes a deep breath as she frighteningly and firmly says, "Boy Missy, I sure hope that none of this gets back to Dana! I sure hope Dana doesn't find out that one of us went back and told Mom about what happened at that mineral bath! I sure hope she doesn't find out about this!" Linda continues to walk away. Missy nervously hurries behind her.
Linda and Missy enter back into the hospital room where Christine is still lying unconscious. Their family is still in the room with Christine as Christine still lays passed out in the bed. Harold asks David, "We're not going to let Dana and Landa know about this right now are we?"
"No, we don't need to upset them anymore than they already are.
Missy and Linda look on nervously. Doctor Matthews soon enters the room again. He tells both Christine's family and David's family that he will keep Christine in the hospital overnight for obser­vation. After a while, the doctor leaves the room.
Soon Christine's family and David's family leave the room. They all then leave the hospital.
The following Monday, Christine is back to conscious. She calls up Missy from her hospital room. She tells Missy, "Listen Missy, I want you, Londa and Linda to all come up here to the hospital, okay? I want to speak with all three of you in private. Make sure just the three of you come alright, Missy?"
"Okay Mom! We'll be there right away! See you!" Missy hangs up the telephone and hurries away!
A half hour later, Missy, Londa and Linda arrive to the hospital. They enter Christine's hospital room and approach her. They all smile and give her a big hug as they all ask, "So how are you doing Mom? How do you feel?"
"Not so good."
"What's wrong Mom?" Londa asks.
Christine looks at Londa and Linda and asks, "Which one is Londa?"
"Me Mom," Londa says. "What's the matter?"
Christine's eyes become teary as she says, "Come sit down Londa." Londa sits down on the bed beside Christine as Christine says, "Missy told me about what happened a long time ago back in Jamaica, when I used to take you all to this mineral bath! Missy told me about the maintenance man trying to attack you Londa, and that Dana went back after him and killed him for it!"
Londa becomes shocked as she shouts, "WHAT!" She looks at Missy and shouts, "YOU TOLD MOM ABOUT THAT MISSY?"
Christine shockingly says, "Then it is true! It is true that the maintenance man tried to attack you Londa! It is true that Dana went back after him and killed him for it! I was sure hoping that it wasn't true! All this time and I didn't know any of this! Oh Londa, when your sisters had found you, Dana had told me that you were locked inside the bathroom and you couldn't get out, but Missy told me yes­terday that you were never locked inside any bathroom! She told me that Dana and them found the maintenance man grabbing and pulling on you inside a small building! Is that true Londa? Huh? Tell me the truth! You were never locked inside any bathroom were you?"
"Yeah Mom, I was!"
Missy and Linda shockingly look at Londa!  Londa continues, "I was locked inside the bathroom at first, but it wasn't Dana and them who found me inside the bathroom! It was the maintenance man who found me locked inside the bathroom! I was in the bathroom all by myself at first! When I was getting ready to leave the bathroom, I realized I couldn't get out! The door was locked! I actually was locked inside the bathroom Mom! I kept trying to get out but I couldn't! I thought everybody was gone already! I was getting scared! I started to scream! I started to lie on the bathroom floor, kicking my legs up at the door so somebody could hear me, so they could know that I was still in the bathroom and I couldn't get out! I was locked inside the bathroom for a while! That's when I heard the bathroom door unlocking! Then I saw the bathroom door opening! It was the maintenance man! He had opened the door and found me inside the bathroom! I got so happy that someone finally found me! When the maintenance man found me, I thought that he was going to bring me out to the front where everybody else was, but he did­n't! He decided to take me the other direction!" Christine, Missy and Linda shockingly listen to Londa's story as Londa continues, "I had asked the maintenance man where was he taking me! He told me he was going to take me to where he had a lot of toys hidden! I told him I wasn't supposed to go anywhere without my mother or my oldest sister! He told me that's alright, he'll bring me back to them later! That's when he took me inside the small building Mom! We were all alone in there! Nobody else was in there! I was getting scared being alone with the maintenance man, so I started to walk away, but he didn't let me! He told me I wasn't going anywhere until he was fin­ished with me! I started to run, but he caught me! I tried to scream, but he putted his hands over my mouth to keep me from screaming! I kept trying and trying to get away from him, but he did not let me go! I kept trying to scream! I managed to scream a few times, that's when Dana and them found me Mom! That's when Dana and them ran inside the building to get me! That's where Dana and them actu­ally found me Mom! They found the maintenance man grabbing and pulling on me inside the small building!"
Christine, Missy and Linda are shocked as Missy says, "Londa you never told us about that part! You never told us that you were actually locked inside the bathroom and that the maintenance man found you! You never told us that he took you the other direction! You never told us any of that part!"
"I was afraid to tell you about that part! I was afraid to tell any­body about it!"
Christine is more shocked as she frighteningly shouts, "OH LONDA! OH LONDA HOW DARE HE! HOW DARE THAT MAINTENANCE MAN TRY TO KIDNAP AND ATTACK ONE OF MY BABIES! HOW DARE HE! HE COULD HAVE KILLED YOU LONDA! OH MY GOD! ALL THAT TIME WHEN WE HAD HEARD THE NEWS OF THAT MAINTENANCE MAN BEING FOUND DEAD INSIDE THE MINERAL BATH, I KEPT FEEL­ING SORRY FOR HIM! I KEPT SAYING AND THINKING HOW SAD IT WAS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM, HOW SAD IT WAS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM! EVEN TILL THIS DAY, AT TIMES I BE THINKING HOW SAD IT WAS THAT IT HAPPENED TO HIM! I KEPT FEELING SORRY FOR THE GUY, NOT REALIZING WHAT HE TRIED TO DO TO MY BABY! I KEPT FEELING SORRY FOR HIM, NOT REALIZING WHAT HE'S PUT ALL MY BABIES THROUGH! ESPECIALLY AFTER ALL THESE YEARS! OH LONDA HOW DARE HE! YOU KNOW IF I WOULD HAVE KNOWN RIGHT THEN WHAT HE DID TO YOU, OR IF I HAD CAUGHT HIM IN THE ACT MYSELF, I PROBABLY WOULD HAVE DONE THE SAME THING DANA DID! WHO KNOWS? YOUR FATHER PROBA­BLY WOULD HAVE DONE THE SAME THING HIMSELF! OH LONDA HOW DARE THAT MAINTENANCE MAN ATTACK YOU!"
"You know Mom," Missy says, "I had already told Linda yes­terday that I had just told you about the incident before you came into the hospital! I had told Linda yesterday that you know about it now and she is very worried that you might not look at Dana the same way anymore! She's worried that when you tell Dad and the boys about it, they might not look at Dana the same way either! We were worried that you all might see Dana as a former child murder­er!"
Londa becomes shocked as she shouts, "MOM, YOU'RE GONNA TELL DAD AND THE BOYS ABOUT THIS?"
"YES LONDA I HAVE TO! YOUR FATHER AND YOUR BROTHERS HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW ABOUT THIS! BUT WHENEVER I DO TELL THEM, I'M GONNA TELL THEM NOT TO MENTION A WORD TO DANA OR ANY OF OUR RELA­TIVES ABOUT THIS ALRIGHT? AND IT IS TRUE THAT FROM NOW ON WHEN I LOOK AT DANA, OR WHEN YOUR FATHER AND YOUR BROTHERS LOOK AT DANA, WE WILL ALL SEE A FORMER CHILD MURDERER! A CHILD MURDERER THAT WAS VENGING FOR HER BABY SISTER! LISTEN GIRLS, DANA MIGHT HAVE BEEN A CHILD MURDERER, BUT ACTUALLY, SHE SAVED YOUR LIFE LONDA! IF DANA HAD­N'T FOUND YOU IN TIME, THAT MAINTENANCE MAN PROBABLY WOULD HAVE KILLED YOU, JUST TO KEEP YOU QUIET! HE WOULD HAVE BEEN THE MURDERER AND YOU WOULDN'T BE SITTING HERE RIGHT NOW! AND IF THAT MAINTENANCE MAN WOULD HAVE KILLED YOU LONDA, IT WOULD HAVE BEEN ALL MY FAULT!"
"Your fault? What do you mean your fault Mom?"
"WELL I'M THE ONE WHO TOLD DANA NOT TO GO LOOK FOR YOU! SHE KEPT WANTING TO LOOK FOR YOU LONDA, BUT I TOLD HER TO JUST GET INTO THE CAB AND STAY PUT! I KEPT FUSSING AT DANA AND TOLD HER THAT I'LL LOOK FOR YOU AND I'LL FIND YOU, BUT SHE STILL KEPT WANTING TO LOOK FOR YOU! DANA WAS SO DETERMINED TO LOOK FOR YOU, BUT I KEPT TRYING TO STOP HER! I KEPT FUSSING AT DANA TO GET INTO THE CAB AND STAY PUT, BUT SHE TURNED OUT TO BE THE ONE WHO FOUND YOU AND PROBABLY SAVED YOUR LIFE! I KEPT HOLLERING AND FUSSING AT DANA, TELLING HER TO GET INSIDE THE CAB AND NOT TO GO ANYWHERE, BUT THANK GOD SHE DIDN'T LISTEN TO ME THAT TIME, BECAUSE IF SHE WOULD HAVE LISTENED TO ME, SHE WOULD HAVE NEVER LEFT THE CAB AND NEVER WOULD HAVE GONE OUT TO LOOK FOR YOU! AND IF SHE NEVER HAD GONE OUT TO LOOK FOR YOU, SHE NEVER WOULD HAVE FOUND YOU IN TIME AND THAT MAINTE­NANCE MAN PROBABLY WOULD HAVE SEXUALLY ASSAULTED YOU AND THEN PRABABLY KILL YOU! OH LONDA, IF IT WASN'T FOR DANA, YOUR BODY PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN FOUND AT THAT MINERAL BATH THE NEXT MORNING INSTEAD OF THAT MAINTENANCE MAN'S BODY! OH GOD I FEEL SO GUILTY NOW! I WANT TO APOLOGIZE TO DANA FOR FUSSING AT HER! I WANT TO APOLOGIZE TO DANA FOR TRYING TO STOP HER FROM LOOKING FOR YOU LONDA! I WANT TO APOLOGIZE TO DANA FOR FUSSING AT HER ABOUT GETTING INTO THE CAB AND EVERYTHING! I WANT TO APOLOGIZE TO DANA SO BAD, BUT I CAN'T! ACCORDING TO HER, I'M NOT EVEN SUPPOSED TO KNOW ABOUT THIS!"
"Oh Mom," Missy says, "if you feel that way, maybe there's some way you can try apologizing to Dana without letting on to her that you know about this! Maybe there's some way!"
"THERE IS NO WAY MISSY! IF I START TO APOLOGIZE TO DANA, SHE'S GONNA LOOK AT ME STRANGE AND WONDER WHAT THE HECK I'M TALKING ABOUT, AND I CAN'T EVEN TELL HER! I CAN'T EVEN TELL HER WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!" Christine starts to cry hysterically on Londa's shoulders!  Missy's and Linda's eyes fill with tears as they put their arms around their mother's shoulders to comfort her. After a short minute, Christine looks at her daughters and says in a calmer, but firmer voice, "Listen girls, I know you all probably worrying about me see­ing and looking at Dana in a different way! I know you all are wor­ried about me, your father and your brothers seeing Dana and look­ing at her as a former child murderer! But no matter what I just found out within these two days, Dana is still my child! She's gonna always be my child no matter what! I'm gonna always love my child and I'm gonna always be there for my child! I'm gonna love and be there for all of my children, do you all understand that! Nothing I heard within these two days is gonna change my feelings about Dana! Nothing! But it will change my feelings about that mainte­nance man! I no longer feel sorry for him! I dislike him for what he tried to do to my baby! I dislike him for what he put all of my babies through!" Christine starts to cry and put her arms around Londa. Christine and Londa tearfully give each other a tight hug as Christine cries, "Oh Londa I'm so sorry! I should have kept my eye on you back then! If I had kept an eye on you more closer, none of this would have ever happened! If I would have just kept my eye on you, the maintenance man would have never had a chance to try to attack you! And Dana would have never had to go back and kill him for it! Oh Londa, could you ever forgive me? I'm sorry baby!"
"Oh Mom, it's not your fault," Missy cries. "You had all five of us to keep an eye on back then! You did your best!"
Christine continues to cry as she gives all three of her girls a big loving hug.
The following Tuesday, Christine is about to leave the hospital. She is tired and dreary. Her family members and David's family members come to pick her up. Missy is also there. As the families stand around talking, Missy privately asks her mother, "Mom, are you alright?"
"I'm alright Missy. Don't worry, I'll be okay."
"Good. Mom, what about Landa? Are you still gonna speak to Landa about what you just found out?"
"Yes Missy. I'm gonna speak to Landa whenever I get the chance. I just have to make sure Dana is not around when I speak to Landa about it." Christine gives a warm smile to Missy as she puts her arm around Missy's shoulders! They then get ready to leave the hospital room with their families.
A week has passed. Tony starts to go back to work at the bank. A few hours later, he starts to get terrible pains in his chest! The ambulance is then called. It arrives to the bank. Around 5 or 10 min­utes later, Tony is being rushed to the hospital! The ambulance soon arrives to the hospital with Tony! They then carry him off into a stretcher and take him down the corridor!
Tony is admitted in the hospital for severe chest pains! His fam­ily is soon notified. They quickly rush to the hospital. Tony gets the same doctors who had treated him before when he was in the hospi­tal. The doctors tell Tony's family that he is suffering from chest pains do to stress, which had putted him in the hospital before. Tony's family gets stunned by the news. They are all scared and ner­vous. They then call up Dana's family to tell them the news that Tony has been admitted to the hospital again. They tell Dana's fam­ily that Tony is in the hospital suffering from chest pains again, which the doctors say are due to stress. Dana's family soon rushes to the hospital to see Tony. When they reach the hospital, they all stay with Tony at his bedside for a while.
Tony remains in the hospital overnight. He is then released the next day and goes home to stay with his family at their home.
It is now Friday, a few days later. Christine is in her brother-in-law Kevin's house. She gets on the telephone and calls up Gracy and Mike's house. David picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello, David?"
"Yeah Christine. How are you?"
"Oh I'm so glad it's you David!"
"Yeah it's me Christine. Is everything alright?"
"No David, everything is not alright."
"What are you talking about Christine? What's wrong?"
"David, I have to talk to you. It's very important! I have to talk to you and the boys! You, Sammy, Thomas and Robert. I have to talk to you all together! You think you can all come over here later on tonight, like around 10:00 or 11:00?"
"Sure Christine! I'll try to get the boys over there tonight. Why? What's the matter?"
"I can't speak about it over the phone David. It is very important that I speak to you and the boys in person, and in private."
"Okay Christine. I'll get the boys over there tonight."
"Thanks David. I'll see you all later when you get here."
"Okay Christine."
"Okay David. See you later. By now."
"By Christine." David hangs up the telephone. Puzzled, he stares into space, wondering what's so important that Christine wants to talk to him and the boys about. Then he looks at the telephone.
Around 11:00 that night, on a dark quiet street in Cambria Heights, Queens, David and the boys pull up in a car in front of Uncle Kevin's house. They all come out of the car and look up at the night sky. The moon is shining very mysteriously. David, Sammy, Thomas and Robert start to walk towards Uncle Kevin's front door. Before they could get a chance to ring the doorbell, Christine sud­denly opens the front door. She whispers, "I was already looking out for you all through the living room window."
"Oh," David whispers. David and the boys then walk quietly through the front door. It is very dark inside the house. It is very quiet. Christine's family members are all asleep upstairs. Christine leads David and the boys towards the basement door. She sends them all down the dark basement steps. Christine then goes inside the basement door and closes it behind herself.
The following Saturday morning, Gracy is up early in her house. The telephone rings. She goes to answer it and says, "Hello?"
"Hi Mom," Christine says. "It's me Christine. How are you this morning?"
"Good Christine! I'm okay! How about yourself? Are you feel­ing much better now?"
"Yeah, I'm feeling better now." 
"That's good."
"Mom, I called because I want to speak to Missy real quick. Is she there?"
"Yeah, she's here."
"Could you put her on the phone? I have to speak to her right away."
"Sure Christine. Hold on." 
A minute later, Missy comes to the telephone.  She gets on the telephone and says, "Hello Mom?"
"Hello Missy! Missy I need you, Londa and Linda to get over here right away! Get over here as fast as you can, alright? It's very important! Please get over here right away! You, Londa and Linda!"
"Okay Mom! I'll get them up! We'll be over there as soon as possible!"
"Hurry!"
"Okay Mom!" Missy quickly hangs up the telephone and rush­es away!
An hour later, Missy, Londa and Linda arrive to their Uncle Kevin's front door. Before they get a chance to ring the doorbell, Christine suddenly opens the door. She tells Missy, Londa and Linda, "I was looking out for you all through the living room win­dow. Come on in."
Missy, Londa and Linda walk through the quiet house. Christine's family is all still asleep upstairs. Christine leads the girls towards the basement door. She opens the door and leads the girls down the basement steps. When the girls enter the basement, David, Sammy, Thomas and Robert quickly rush to them and hug them all very tightly! The guys are all hysterical! David tells the girls, "We just heard the news of the maintenance man attacking Londa back in Jamaica! And Dana going back after him, killing him for it!" David and the boys are all weeping. They are all very sad. Being that it is hard to tell Londa and Linda apart, David looks at them both and asks, "Which one is Londa?" Londa raises her hand. David and the boys then grab and hold on to Londa. David whispers, "Oh Londa, are you alright?"
"Of course I'm alright Dad! That happened over 20 years ago!"
"Londa, we didn't get a chance to ask you are you alright 20 years ago! So we're making up for it now! Are you alright? Or were you alright after what happened back then?"
Londa hugs her father and cries, "I'm alright Dad!"
Soon, everyone in the basement is crying and weeping. They all hug and hold on to one another very tightly. Missy then asks, "Dad, you're not going to mention anything to Dana about this are you? None of you are going to let Dana know that you all know about this, are you? Because according to her, nobody else is supposed to know about this, but me and the triplets! If Dana finds out that any of you know about this, she's gonna know that either me, Londa, Linda or Landa opened our mouths because we were the only ones that were there who witnessed the entire incident!"
"Don't worry Missy," David says. "We all already made a promise and an agreement to your mother that we won't mention a word to Dana or anybody else about this!"
"Yeah Missy," Sammy says. "We won't say anything to Dana about this, or anybody else."
Missy and Sammy tearfully hold on to each other. Everyone starts to cry and weep as they all hug and hold tightly on to each other.
Another week passes. Dana and Landa are still behind bars. They continue to remain behind bars until their court date arrives. As time is approaching towards their court date, Dana starts to become very ill. She becomes ill with the flu. She starts to suffer real bad from it. She has headaches, high fever, high temperature, sore throat, sore eyes, ear aches and aching bones. Her complexion is very red with fever. She is also sweating a lot. The facility doctor and nurse come to check on Dana. The nurse takes Dana's temperature and feels her forehead. Her body temperature feels very hot and warm. The nurse then gives Dana some cold fluids and some medicine. She puts drops in Dana's eyes. She then puts drops in Dana's ears. The doctor checks Dana's heartbeat and takes her blood pressure. Landa stays by Dana's side the whole time holding tightly onto Dana's hand.
Afterwards, the facility transfers Dana to the prison hospital. Landa is also sent there to be by Dana's side. Dana will stay in the prison hospital until her and Landa's court date arrives.
It is a week later now. It is time for Dana and Landa's court date. Dana is still very sick and ill with the flu. She cannot make it to court. The prison hospital will not release her. Dana and Landa's court date have to be postponed. Their court date is set for another week.
The week goes by. Dana and Landa's second court date finally arrives. Their family and friends are all about to go inside the court­room to be there for them. As Christine and Missy are about to enter the courtroom, Missy turns to Christine and asks, "Mom, are you okay? Are you going to be alright?"
"I'll be alright Missy. Don't worry. I'll be okay."
Christine, Missy and the rest of the family start to head down towards the front of the courtroom. They see Dana sitting in front of the courtroom, leaning against David as David hugs and holds tight­ly onto her. David hugs and holds onto Dana, being that she is still suffering slightly from the flu. George Hanson, Walter Stevens, the court officers and Dana's entire family surround Dana as she sits there in front of the courtroom, leaning against David. Christine then sits down and takes a seat on the opposite side of Dana. She and David sit on each side of Dana as Dana leans against David.
Pete Daniels is in the courtroom again. The judge soon comes into the courtroom. He tells everyone to take a seat. Everyone goes towards the middle of the courtroom to sit down. After everyone takes a seat, Christine takes Dana's left hand and looks at it. She sees a heavy bandage wrapped around Dana's left knuckles. She looks at Dana. She sees Dana's eyes closed. Puzzled, she looks at David as David looks back at her. Christine then puts her arms around Dana, holding and hugging onto Dana very tightly as Dana leans against David, still feeling ill. Christine and David both have their arms wrapped around Dana as Dana sits between them.
The court is about to begin. The judge is going to decide whether or not if Dana had acted in self-defense when she gave that fatal blow with her bare fist to the victim's head and temple as she was trying to protect her sister Landa from a rapist. The judge is going to hear from Dana, Landa, Claudette and a few other witnesses who were there at the scene of the incident. Dana, Landa, Claudette and the other witnesses will take the stand, one at a time.
Claudette is called to take the stand. She tells the courts the entire story about what happened between herself, Landa and the suspected rapist. After Claudette finishes taking the stand, Landa goes to take the stand. Both of her hands and wrists are wrapped in bandages as she takes the stand. As Landa is being questioned, she tells the courts the entire story about what happened between her­self, Claudette and the suspected rapist. She then tells the courts what happened between herself, Dana and the suspected rapist.
Dana, who now has her eyes half open, sits tightly between both of her parents as they all look on at Landa, listening to Landa's state­ment.
After Landa finishes being questioned, she gets up from the stand. She goes to take a seat. After Landa takes a seat, a black woman who was at the scene is then called to take the stand. She speaks in Dana's favor. After she finishes taking the stand, another witness, a black man is called to take the stand. He also speaks in Dana's favor. After he finishes, one more witness, another black woman is called to take the stand. She also speaks in Dana's favor.  After she finishes, Dana is called to take the stand. Thomas quickly walks over to Dana as Sammy follows behind. Thomas, Sammy and David all hold onto Dana and help her walk towards the stand, being that she is still weak and suffering from the flu. They help Dana get up on the stand, then help her sit down on the witness chair. They go back to take their seats.
Dana is now being sworn. After the sworn, the court begins to question Dana about what happened at the incident. As Dana sits there on the witness stand, she firmly shouts to the judge, prosecu­tors, lawyers and everyone else in the courtroom, "LISTEN EVERYBODY, I WANT TO TELL YOU ALL SOMETHING, ALRIGHT? NOW LANDA IS MY SISTER AND I LOVE HER VERY MUCH! I LOVE ALL MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS VERY MUCH! I LOVE MY ENTIRE FAMILY VERY MUCH AND I'LL DO ANYTHING TO PROTECT THEM! I'M GONNA ALWAYS PROTECT MY FAMILY NO MATTER WHAT! I'M GONNA ALWAYS BE THERE FOR MY FAMILY AND IF YOU" as she points to the prosecutor "OR ANYBODY ELSE IN HERE DON'T LIKE IT, THAT'S TOUGH BECAUSE I'M GONNA ALWAYS PROTECT MY FAMILY NO MATTER WHAT YOU" as she points to the judge "YOU" as she points back to the prosecutor "OR ANYBODY ELSE IN HERE SAY!" Everyone in the court­room is shocked and stunned by Dana's firm statement! Christine and David look on at Dana very shocked and stunned!
Being that the victim was an alleged rapist and trying to cause an attempted rape, Dana is charged with justifiable manslaughter. The court is going to release Dana and Landa from jail. The court is going to give Dana a year of probation, mainly because of her past assaults. Dana is not allowed to get into any fights or anything for a year, unless it is absolutely necessary to defend herself or her loved ones if a matter of a life or death situation happens to come their way. The courts cannot deny Dana to defend herself or her loved ones if it actually came down to it. Dana has to make sure that her or anyone else in her family's safety or life is in danger.  Dana and Landa do not have to go back to jail. Their family and friends are all happy and there for them! Their family and friends go to meet them at the front of the courtroom! Landa, Claudette and the witnesses all claim that they now have one less rapist in town that they all have to worry about.
Dana and Landa still have belongings back in the jail. They go back to the jail to pick up their belongings as their family goes to the jail with them.
Forty minutes later, while Dana and Landa get their belongings from the jail, their family waits for them in the waiting area. Soon, a male black doctor around his late 40's comes up to the family and speaks to them. He tells them, "Dana is still suffering real bad from the flu. She is going to need a lot of bed rest and some medication. She is going to need lots of fluids too. Here are some medication and some prescriptions for her. You can pick her prescriptions up from any pharmacist." He hands Dana's family some prescriptions to be picked up from the pharmacist. The family all thank the doctor. The doctor then says, "Now Dana and Landa have to keep those ban­dages wrapped around their hands and wrists for a few or several more days. After that, they can get the bandages taken off by any doctor."
"Thank you Doctor," the family says.
"Okay. Take care."
"Bye Doctor."
The doctor walks away.
Around 30 minutes later, Dana and Landa finally arrive. Everyone is so glad to see them! Their family cries and gives them both big hugs and kisses! Dana and Landa are finally let go and released into their family's custody as their family takes them home.
Forty minutes later, the family soon pulls up in their three cars and a van in front of Gracy and Mike's house. They all come out of the cars. David goes to open up the car trunk to get Dana's and Landa's belongings out. Dana goes to the trunk to reach for her belongings, but Sammy and Thomas tell her that they'll take care of carrying her and Landa's belongings. Christine, Gracy, Diane D and Aunt Celeste take Dana and Landa by each of their arms and quick­ly bring them both inside the house.
Around two hours later, the whole family is inside the house. The telephone rings. Gracy picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello, this is Teresa!"
"Oh hi Teresa!"
"Hi Gracy! How are you?"
"I'm alright Teresa! How about yourself?"
"I'm doing okay! How is Dana? Has she and Landa come home yet?"
"Oh yes they're both here! We all came in around a couple of hours ago! Dana and Landa are both upstairs right now!"
"They are? Well how are they both doing?"
"Well, Dana is still sick and weak, being that she still has a slight case of the flu. My family and I putted her in the shower, then we putted her right in the bed where she's gonna stay and rest for a while. And Landa's hands and wrists are still covered with the ban­dages."
"What! Landa still has the bandages wrapped around her hands and wrists?"
"Yes! So does Dana!"
"What! They didn't get their bandages taken off when you all went to the jail with them?"
"No! The doctor says that Dana and Landa still have to keep their bandages wrapped around their hands and wrists for a few or several more days! Then they can get their bandages taken off."
"Boy! I guess Dana didn't realize her own strength the whole time she was holding onto Landa's wrists and the time she knocked that guy out, huh?"
"No I guess she didn't! Dana was a strong baby you know!"
"She was?"
"Yeah! Her own parents had a hard time dealing with her when she was a baby! When Dana was several months old, she used to throw temper tantrums! She would kick her legs up and around all wild, that she wound up breaking her own mother's and father's hands and fingers a couple of times!"
"What!"
"Yeah Teresa! Her own parents had a hard time with her!" 
"Oh come on Gracy, you're kidding!"
"I'm not kidding Teresa! You can ask David and Christine! Dana almost broke my hands and fingers when she was a baby that I had a hard time dealing with her myself! Dana WAS a strong baby Teresa!"
"I bet she was! Well, I'm glad both Dana and Landa are home now."
"Yeah me too Teresa. We're all glad!"
"That's good! Okay Gracy, I'll let Dana rest being that she's still sick. Just tell her that I called and I'll stop by and visit her tomor­row."
"Okay Teresa, I'll tell her that."
"Good! Okay Gracy, you take care!"
"Okay Teresa, you too! Bye!" Gracy hangs up the telephone.
It is now a couple of weeks later, on an early Monday morning. Dana is feeling much better from her flu. She is back on the road, driving to work with Teresa again. Teresa is happy to have Dana back as her chauffeur.
When Dana and Teresa both arrive to the stockroom, they stop at the back desk where Kenneth still is. Around 19 employees stand at the stockroom doorway. They all look down the hallway towards the back door. They are shocked and amazed to see Dana! Everyone at the stockroom stares down the hallway at Dana! They all know that Dana has been in jail again for killing another person! They all know that Dana had killed a suspected rapist, this time with her bare fist! They all want to approach Dana and question her about the inci­dent and everything, but, they do not dare to. They are all afraid to say anything to Dana! They do not want Dana to verbally attack them all like she did before, when they all tried to question her about her being in prison for choking and killing Rose. They do not want a person known for two or more manslaughter charges and several suspicious murder charges to jump down their throats, so they all decide that it is best to just leave Dana alone and not to bother or say anything to her.
Dana and Teresa start to leave the back desk and walk down the hallway towards the stockroom. All the employees see Dana and Teresa coming their way! They quickly head back inside the stock­room!
Dana and Teresa soon enter the stockroom, talking with each other. As they are talking, all the employees stare at Dana, but do not say anything to her. Dana and Teresa then turn their heads and look at all the employees. The employees quickly and nervously turn their heads away from Dana and Teresa! Dana gives a hard angry glare at the employees as Teresa nervously looks on! Dana then turns her head back to Teresa and says, "Teresa, I have to go see Stanley real quick. I'll be back."
"Okay Dana," Teresa says as Dana turns around and walks away. As Dana heads towards the doorway, all the employees turn then-heads back around to look at her. They all stare at Dana as she leaves the stockroom. Once Dana exits the stockroom, Hector turns to the other employees and asks, "Do you all think that door will be safe, now that she's back around?"
"THAT'S NOT THE QUESTION MAN!" Morris angrily shouts! "THE QUESTION IS, DO YOU ALL THINK THAT WE WILL BE SAFE, NOW THAT SHE'S BACK AROUND?"
All the employees agree! They hurry and approach Teresa! They start to question Teresa and anxiously ask, "Teresa, how the HELL can you still hang around and drive around with a person capable of manslaughter? How does Dana feel about herself killing another person and going back to jail for it?"
Teresa firmly tells them all, "Listen you all, I don't know how Dana feels about herself killing another person! I do not know! Dana doesn't talk about it! I mean she does not talk about it at all! She doesn't even talk about it with her own family! Her own family doesn't dare to question her about it! Now if Dana doesn't talk about it with her own family, then what makes us all think that she's gonna talk about it with any of us? Huh? Think about it! Killing somebody is not something that Dana goes around bragging about! She just doesn't talk about it! Listen you guys, if anybody really wants to know what happened the times Dana fought and killed both that woman Rose and that suspected rapist, and how she killed them, then it is best to ask people that were there! Just don't ask Dana! It is best to ask people that were there who saw and witnessed the entire incidents! I wasn't there at any of those incidents, so I won't be able to tell any of you about what really happened then!"
"Well wasn't Dana's sisters there when Dana choked and killed that woman Rose?" Mary asks. "And wasn't one of Dana's sisters there when Dana killed that suspected rapist?"
"Yeah, her sister Landa! Dana's sister Landa was there when Dana choked and killed that woman Rose, and Landa was there when Dana killed that suspected rapist! Landa had gotten arrested with Dana when Dana killed that suspected rapist! They were both in jail together! They were both in the same cell! They both stayed in jail together the whole entire time! You know that rapist tried to attack Landa, from what I heard in the courtroom! After that rapist tried to attack Landa, Dana went after that rapist and fought him! When she fought that suspected rapist, Landa jumped into the fight to help Dana! And while Dana was still fighting that suspected rapist, all of a sudden, I heard that she gave that suspected rapist a real hard blow to the temple with her bare fist and wound up killing the guy dead! She knocked him out cold! I heard he died right there on the spot! The impact of Dana's fist to the guy's temple was so fast and hard, that it shattered his bone which caused a bruise on Dana's knuckles!" All the employees are stunned as Teresa continues, "Dana still has a slight bruise on her knuckles from when she hit that suspected rapist. I noticed it when we had stopped by a store on our way here. When Dana was at the store counter paying for her stuff, I saw her knuckles and asked her 'how was her hand'. She got a lit­tle annoyed and told me she didn't want to talk about it. I quickly left the subject alone and went on about my business inside the store. When I turned around towards Dana, I caught her giving me a hard glare as she was leaving the counter. Then she looked away from me and just walked right out of the store!"
"What!" Jay says. "You mean to tell us that you were concerned about her hand, then she gave you a mean look, walked right out of the store and left you?"
"Yeah!"
"So what did you do?" Hector asks.
"I hurried out the store to follow her! As she was getting back inside her car, I got back inside her car too! Then we rode here! Then when we got here, Kenneth asked Dana about the bruises on her knuckles also while Dana and I was at the back desk!"
"Oh yeah?" Victor asks. "What did she tell him?"
"She just told him the same thing she told me, she doesn't want to talk about it! That's when we walked away from the back desk and came in here!"
"Boy Teresa, I don't know how you deal with that," Morris says. "If I were you, I wouldn't have gone back inside her car with her after she gave me a hard look, then walking right out of the store leaving me! I would never get into a car with that violent dangerous woman!"
One of the employees, Calvin, a male black around his late 30's jokingly says, "Well, since Dana doesn't seem to want to talk about any of her incidents, maybe we can ask her sister Landa! Since Dana's sister Landa was there when Dana choked and killed that woman Rose, and Landa was there when Dana killed that suspected rapist, maybe we can ask Landa about what really happened at those two fights! Maybe Landa can tell us how Dana really feels about killing somebody, since Landa was locked up in the same jail cell with Dana!" Everyone annoyingly looks at Calvin! He then says, "Hey, I was only joking, I was only joking!"
April, a black woman around her mid 30's angrily shouts,
"YEAH? WELL IT WON'T BE A DAMN JOKE IF DANA DECIDES TO COME AFTER YOU AND WRING YOUR NECK FOR BOTHERING OR ASKING ANY OF HER SISTERS ABOUT WHAT REALLY HAPPENED!" Calvin looks at April as April con­tinues, "IT WON'T BE A JOKE THEN! MANSLAUGHTER IS A SERIOUS THING! IT'S NOTHING TO JOKE ABOUT CALVIN! IT'S NOTHING TO JOKE ABOUT!" Calvin looks down shamefully.
"Listen everybody," Teresa says, "joke or no joke! My best advise to everybody is not to question Landa or ANY of Dana's other sisters about what really happened at those two fights, okay? My best advise for everybody is not to bother any of Dana's sisters! I heard Dana didn't allow anybody near her sister Landa the whole entire time they were in jail together! I heard she even chased the doctors and the correctional officers right out of the cell to keep them away from Landa! The only time Dana allowed anyone near her sister Landa, is when she realized that Landa's hands and wrists were swollen from her strong tight grip! The doctors had to wrap bandages around Landa's hands and wrists because Landa's hands and wrists were so swollen from Dana's tight grip on them!"
"Gosh Teresa, I don't know what to say," Anne says. "From what I just heard, I'm afraid to come near Landa myself! I'm afraid to come near ANY of Dana's sisters!"
"Yeah, me too," Mary says. "You know Teresa, I sure hope Dana doesn't turn on any of us! I sure hope she doesn't! I'm so afraid that if she continues to work around here, she just might snap and turn on us some day! Listen Teresa, I don't know if I could continue to work in the same place with a person capable of killing people, espe­cially with their bare hands and fists! The thought of that just scares me!"
Wallace Smith soon walks into the stockroom. Mary and the other employees walk away and return to their work. Teresa looks at Wallace and gets started on her work.
During the meantime, Dana is inside Stanley's office. She is sit­ting in a chair in front of Stanley's desk as Stanley looks at her pro­bation papers. Stanley says, "Well Dana, I see that you have served your time in jail and I see that you are released on probation. Wallace already knows about your situation Dana. The courts had gotten in contact with him while you were away. Wallace says that you can still work here, being that he learned and that it says right here that you were acting in self-defense for a family member. I mean nobody can stop you from protecting your own family, especially if you see that your family member or your loved one is in danger. Okay Dana, you can start back to work today." 
"Thanks."
"You're welcome. But before you start back to work Dana, you will have a new assignment."
"A new assignment? What new assignment?"
"Right here," Stanley says as he hands Dana a set of papers.
Dana looks at the papers. She then says, "That's the back office!" She looks up at Stanley and asks, "Why are you sending me to work in the back office? I'll be working in there alone!"
"Yeah that's true Dana. Wallace thinks that it'll be best for you if you could work in your own private space from now on."
Dana's mouth goes towards the side of her face as she gives Stanley a cold stare. Stanley nervously and quickly responds, "I mean where you won't be disturbed or annoyed by anybody! I mean wouldn't you like to work alone and not be bothered by anybody? A lot of people would like to work alone in their own private space and office! A lot of people wish they could have their own private space and office and not have to work around so many other people, right?"
"Yeah, I guess you're right."
"Good! You can get started on that assignment right away if you'd like. Now, is there anything you would like to say or ask Dana?"
"Yeah. I want to say thank you. Thanks for letting me come back."
"You're welcome Dana. Now keep those papers with you, and I'll see you later, okay?"
Dana gets up from the chair and heads towards the door. Stanley then says, "Now remember Dana!" Dana stops and turns around towards Stanley as Stanley says, "Try to keep calm and stay out of trouble, okay?"
"Okay, Stanley I will." Dana turns back around and leaves the office as Stanley stares behind at her.
In the stockroom, as the employees continue to stand around Teresa talking, Dana suddenly enters back into the room. The employees see Dana coming. They quickly and nervously move away from Teresa as Dana approaches Teresa! Dana angrily shows Teresa the papers from Stanley saying, "Look Teresa! Stanley is gonna have me moved right into the back office," as she angrily points her finger towards the back of the stockroom. "He's gonna have me work right in the back office alone!" 
"Oh really?"
"Yeah! He's gonna have me work right in the back office all by myself!"
"Oh yeah? Why?"
"I don't know," Dana angrily says as she looks down and shuf­fles through the papers.
As Teresa looks down at Dana's papers, her eyeballs secretly look up towards the room. She notices that all the employees are try­ing to move and ease away from Dana, one by one, trying to keep their distances away from Dana. Teresa notices that some of the employees are sneaking out of the side exit, one by one. She then notices that some of the other employees are sneaking out of the back door, one by one. Dana does not seem to notice that all the employees are trying to move and ease away from her. She just con­tinues to angrily stare down and shuffle through the papers as she angrily hands each of them to Teresa, one by one. Teresa then notices that the entire stockroom is empty now. She notices that it's just her and Dana standing alone in the stockroom! She understands that nobody wants to be near a person with a violent temper! Nobody wants to work near a person with a violent temper! Nobody wants to be around a person capable of murder or manslaughter! Nobody wants to work around a person capable of murder or manslaughter! Teresa nervously smiles at Dana, then looks back down at the papers as frowning Dana continues to show them to her. Teresa seems to be the only friend that Dana has in the stockroom.
The next Tuesday morning, Missy is inside the school. She approaches several of her co-workers that she sees standing in the school hallway. She smiles and says, "Hello," to them. They all ner­vously smile and say hello back to Missy. Neil, a black male around his late 30's, says, "Hey you guys, I have to make a phone call before classes start." He then hurries off and leaves!
Another co-worker quickly says, "I have to go to the restroom before classes start. I'll catch you all later." That co-worker then hur­ries off also!
A third co-worker says, "I have to stop by the office for a quick moment. You guys take care!" That co-worker also leaves quickly!
A fourth co-worker also makes an excuse to leave the crowd. Then two more co-workers make excuses to leave the crowd. Missy notices that all her co-workers are disappearing from her presence one by one. She is then left standing alone. She looks around, won­dering what the heck that's about.
Later on, Neil asks a fellow employee, "Hey Russell, could you ask Missy if she would like to stay for the after-school program?"
Russell, a white male around his early 40's with wavy blonde hair, says, "I'm not asking Missy anything! I don't think that it's safe to be near or around Missy! I don't want her violent tempered sister to come after or follow me! I would like to live a little bit longer, thank you! Why don't YOU ask Missy if she would like to stay for the after-school program!"
"Well if you don't think that it's safe for you to be near or around Missy, then what makes you think that it's going to be safe for me to be near or around her?"
"Well you're the one who asked me to be near her and ask her a question! You're the one who asked-me to take the risk!"
"Never mind forget it! I'll just ask somebody else if they would like to stay for the after-school program."
That same afternoon, Landa and Londa are both driving to a local store in their grandfather Mike's car. They approach near the local store and park the car. They come out of the car and run into a few people that they know standing outside the store. They approach the few people and say 'hello' to them. The few people nervously speak back to them and quickly start to make excuses to leave Landa and Londa's presence. Landa and Londa notice the few people dis­appearing from their presence one by one. Landa and Londa are soon left standing alone. They look around, wondering what's going on. They continue to go inside the store. They go and pick out a few merchandises. Afterwards, they run into Rick. They say, "Hey Rick!"
Rick quickly and nervously says, "Hello Ladies" to both Landa and Londa. But before Landa and Londa have the chance to open their mouths again, Rick quickly says, "Good-bye Ladies," as he dashes off with his shopping cart!
Landa and Londa look on at Rick as he dashes right out of the store! They stare for a while. Landa angrily turns to Londa and asks, "Hey Londa, how come I have this strange feeling that nobody wants to talk to us?"
"Beats me! They all act like they're afraid of something! They act like we got some kind of disease or something!"
"Yeah? Well the HELL with them! Who needs them anyway? Come on let's go." Landa and Londa go to the counter to pay for their merchandises. They then leave the store and head back to their car. They get inside their car and pull off. Everybody out on the side­walk outside the store stares at them as they pull off.
Rick then says to a couple of people standing outside the store, "You know I hated to be rude to them, but I was afraid to be near them! I don't want their sister Dana coming after me! I don't want their sister Dana to come after me with a baseball bat or choke me to death! And I don't want their sister Dana giving me a hard vicious blow to my temple with her bare fist! I don't want to wind up dead!"
The other people standing outside the store agree.
That same evening, a disappointed looking Linda comes inside her grandparents' home. Gracy sees Linda and asks, "Hey Linda, I thought that you and Terrance were going out bowling tonight?
"Yeah I thought so too!
"Well what happened?"
"I don't know Grandma! I drove over to his house a little while ago to pick him up! His grandmother comes to the door and tells me that Terrance can't make it to bowling tonight! I mean all week long he kept begging me to go bowling with him this weekend! All week he kept begging me to go! I finally agreed to go bowling with the guy and pick him up, but as soon as I come over to his house to get him, he sends his grandmother to the door to tell me that he's busy right now and that he can't make it to bowling! I don't know why the hell he kept begging me to go in the first place if he didn't real­ly want to go! He had me waste my damn time going over there!" An upset Linda starts to walk away and head up the staircase.
"I'm sorry Linda," Gracy says as Linda continues up the stairs.
The following Wednesday, Christine calls up Missy on the tele­phone from David's brother Kevin's house. She anxiously tells Missy, "Listen Missy, I want to speak to you and the triplets in pri­vate! I want you four to stop over here at your Uncle Kevin's house tonight, alright? I want you all to come over here around 12:00 mid­night, okay?"
"Okay Mom. The triplets and I will be there."
"Good! And Missy?" 
"Yeah Mom?"
"Try not to let anybody know that you girls are gonna come over here tonight. Don't let anybody know that you and the triplets are stopping over here! I don't want anybody in the family to know that you girls are over here! Like I said, I want to speak to you four in private, just the four of you."
"Alright Mom."
"Now Missy, when you and the triplets get over here tonight, make sure that you girls park the car around the corner far away from the house, or park it a couple of blocks away from the house. I don't want anybody in the family to see the car and know that you girls are over here when you all get here. Make sure the triplets don't let anybody know that you all are gonna come over here tonight, alright?"
"Alright Mom. I'll make sure they don't tell anybody. And I'll make sure that we park the car far away from the house to keep any­body in the family from seeing it."
"Okay Missy. Thanks. I'll see you all later."
"Okay Mom, we'll be there."
"Alright Missy. By now."
"By Mom." Missy hangs up the telephone.

















Chapter 22

Footsteps In The Dark


It is around 12:00 midnight. Missy and the triplets pull up in their grandfather Mike's car on a dark quiet street in Cambria Heights, Queens. They park the car slowly and quietly. They then step out of the car and close the doors. They stand around and look up towards the night sky. They see the moon shining very mysteri­ously. They start to walk two blocks down towards their Uncle Kevin's house. They soon reach their Uncle Kevin's house and go to the front door. Before Missy and the triplets get a chance to ring the doorbell, Christine slowly and quietly opens up the front door to let Missy and the triplets inside the house. She whispers to them, "I was looking out for you through the window."
Missy and the triplets enter inside the house as Christine closes the front door behind them. It is very dark and quiet inside the house. The light inside the house is very dim. Uncle Kevin and Christine's family members are all asleep upstairs. Christine leads Missy and the triplets towards the basement door. She then leads them down the dark basement steps. She whispers to the girls, "Lock the base­ment door behind you." The girls turn around and lock the basement door. No one else can get inside the basement.
Christine and the girls soon reach down the basement. It is very dark and quiet inside the basement. The light inside the basement is very dim. Christine goes and sits down on the bed. Missy looks at her mother and asks, "What's going on Mom?"
Christine looks at the triplets and asks, "Which triplet is Landa?"
"Me Mom," Landa says as she raises her hand.
Christine then whispers as she hysterically says, "Listen Landa, Missy told me about what happened back in Jamaica at that mineral bath I used to take you all to when you were all small!" Landa looks at her mother as her mother continues, "Missy told me about every­thing that happened back then! She told me about the maintenance man grabbing and trying to attack Londa inside a small building!" Landa becomes shocked! Christine continues, "And Missy told me about Dana going back after that maintenance man and killing him for it!" Landa becomes more shocked as Christine continues, "Missy told me about Dana pushing the maintenance man right into the mineral bath and then throwing a live radio right into the water to electrocute the man! That's why he was found dead that next morning inside the mineral bath! Missy told me everything about that story while you and Dana were in jail Landa!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah Landa! Missy told me that Dana had lied to me back then when she had told me that you all had found Londa locked inside the bathroom, when you all actually didn't find Londa locked inside the bathroom, but instead, you all found the maintenance man grabbing and pulling on Londa inside a small building! Then I asked Londa and Linda about the story the next day while I was in the hospital! They confirmed it to me that it was true about what happened back then! Londa told me about the maintenance man grabbing and pulling on her, attacking her inside the small building!"
"WHAT!" Landa shouts. Then she looks at Missy and angrily shouts, "WHAT THE HELL YOU WENT BACK AND TOLD MOM ABOUT THAT STORY FOR MISSY? HUH? WHY THE HELL YOU HAD TO GO START EVERYTHING BY TELLING MOM ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED BACK THEN IN THE FIRST PLACE?"
"Because Landa it was hard for me to keep this horrible secret inside me for all these years! It was very hard for me to keep some­thing like this away from Mom!"
"IT WAS HARD FOR ALL OF US TO KEEP SOMETHING LIKE THIS INSIDE US ALL THESE YEARS, BUT I STILL HAVEN'T GONE BACK AND TOLD ANYBODY ELSE ABOUT IT! IF DANA FINDS OUT THAT MOM KNOWS ABOUT THIS, SHE'S GONNA BE REAL ANGRY AND FURIOUS WITH US MISSY!"
"Mom already said she's not going to say anything to Dana about this Landa!"
"That's right Landa," Christine says. "I'm not going to say any­thing to Dana about this, alright? But I have told your father and all your brothers about this! They all know!" Landa becomes even more shocked as Christine continues, "Yes Landa, they all know about it! They already made an agreement with us that they weren't going to say anything to Dana about it or let her know that they know about it! The only reason I told your father about this is because Dana is his child too and he has every right to know about this, so do your brothers! Now Landa, while you and Dana were in jail, Londa told us all that she was actually locked inside the bathroom at first! She said she couldn't get out the bathroom. That's when the maintenance man found her! Now Londa told us that she thought the maintenance man was going to bring her out to the front of the mineral bath place to where everybody else was, but he didn't! Londa said that the maintenance man decided to bring her towards the other direction where the small building was! She said that the maintenance man took her right inside the small building, then when she tried to get away from the maintenance man, he refused to let her go! She told us she was crying and screaming, trying to get away from the main­tenance man, that's when Dana and the rest of you came in there and found her! When Londa told me about that story, I got so angry about that maintenance man! I couldn't believe I was actually feel­ing sorry for that jerk all these years! I had no idea in this world that he was attacking one of my babies! If Dana and the rest of you had­n't caught Londa in time, that maintenance man probably would have sexually assaulted Londa and probably kill her, just to keep her quiet! I told your sisters before, if I would have known then what I know now, or if I would have caught that maintenance man in the act myself, I probably would have done the same thing Dana had done!" Landa shockingly looks at her mother as her mother stands up from the bed and says, "Yes Landa, I probably would have! Now girls, now that this horrible secret is out to me, I got to ask you all some­thing and I want you all to tell me the truth! As far as any of you know, has Dana killed anybody else that any of you know of, that I don't know of?" Missy and the triplets frighteningly look at their mother. "ANSWER ME," Christine shouts as Missy and the triplets jump in fear! Christine asks again, "Has Dana killed anybody else that any of you know of?"
"No," Missy frighteningly whispers. "Not that I know of Mom!"
"No," the triplets frighteningly whisper. "Not that we know of either!"
"No?" Christine frighteningly asks. "Well who else could Dana have killed that none of us know about? Or how many people could Dana have killed that none of us know about?" Missy and the triplets sweat as they frighteningly look at their mother! Christine continues, "Now we know that Dana killed this maintenance man that I just found out about and she killed that suspected rapist! We know that she killed that woman Rose! Did she kill that woman, Kathy?"
"We don't know Mom," Missy frighteningly whispers. "Nobody knows who killed Kathy. As far as anybody knows, Kathy was found dead."
"Yeah? Well what about Kathy's other friend, that woman Sandra? Does anybody know who killed her?"
"No Mom. Nobody knows who killed Sandra either. She was also found dead."
"Well what about that fellow that was helping Kathy and her friends beat on you Missy?"
"Who Derek?"
"Yeah! Whatever happened to him? Where is he?"
"He's dead too Mom," Missy frighteningly cries. Christine and the triplets shockingly and frighteningly look at Missy as Missy frighteningly cries, "I just found out that Derek was also found dead!"
Christine and the triplets continue to be shocked as they fright­eningly look at Missy! Christine frighteningly asks, "He's dead too? Oh my God Missy! Where did you hear that from?"
"I heard it from Raymond at the school around a week ago! I first heard Derek was reported missing by his family! Then Raymond told me that Derek's body was found inside the bushes with his neck broken!" Christine's and the triplets' eyes open wider with fear as they put their hands over their mouths! Missy frighten­ingly cries, "His body was found not too far from where he lived! Nobody knows who killed him either!"
Christine and the triplets remain in a state of shock as Christine frighteningly asks, "Missy, do you know how long ago Derek was reported missing?"
"I heard his family first reported him missing around a few months after Dana came out of prison!"
Christine and the triplets become shocked again! Christine frighteningly cries, "Oh my God! You know what that means Missy? That means that all the people who ganged and beat up on you are all gone now! ALL FOUR OF THEM ARE DEAD! OH MY GOD," Christine cries as she is about to fall out! Londa and Linda become so frightened, they start to hysterically cry on Christine's shoulders! Christine cries back on their shoulders as Landa and Missy fright­eningly and tearfully look on!
After several seconds, Christine takes the girls off her shoulders. She holds them by their shoulders as she hysterically and firmly tells them, "Now listen girls, for God's sake, from now on in the future, if anything bad or anything wrong happens to any of you again, you cannot tell Dana about it, alright? You cannot let her know about it! From now on in the future, it's best that Dana never ever knows about anything bad or anything wrong that happens to any of you again, alright? If anything bad or anything wrong happens to any of you again in the future, come to me or the rest of the family, but please don't go to Dana! If any of you come to me or anybody else in the family with bad news about yourself, you all have to make sure that Dana is not around to hear it! If any of you come to us with bad news about yourself and you see Dana around, you're just gonna have to postpone the bad news until she's not around, or pull one of us to the side where Dana won't be able to hear it, then tell us the bad news! Now we're going to have to warn the rest of the family and relatives not to ever tell Dana or to ever let her know about any­thing bad or anything wrong that happens to any of you again in the future, okay?"
"Okay Mom. We understand."
"Good!"
"Mom, I didn't want to tell Dana about that suspected rapist," Landa cries. "When that suspected rapist was chasing after me, I ran home! Dana just happened to be there in the driveway because she had come there to meet me in the first place!"
"And I didn't want to tell Dana about Kathy and her friends ganging and beating up on me either Mom," Missy cries. "When I came home and told the family about it, Dana just happened to be there in the house! I didn't know she was upstairs! I didn't even know she was in the house until she came down the staircase!"
"Alright, but from now on, you all know what you have to do in the future, right?" Christine says. "Make sure Dana is not around to hear anything bad or anything wrong that happens to any of you again, okay?" 
"Okay Mom."
"Good! Because Dana is my child and I do not want her to have any more murder or anymore manslaughter charges against her, alright? The next time if Dana ever gets anymore murder charges or anymore manslaughter charges against her, you'll never know, they just might put her away for a very long time and I do not want any child of mine to have to be put away for a long time! I do not want Dana to go out and destroy other families' lives by taking away their loved ones! I do not want Dana to go out and commit anymore mur­ders do you all understand that?" Missy and the triplets frightening­ly nod their heads in agreement! Christine hysterically continues, "Like I said before, I'm not going to say anything to Dana or any of our relatives about what I heard happened back in Jamaica! I'm not going to let Dana know that I know what the maintenance man did to Londa, and I'm not going to let Dana know that I know she killed that maintenance man! I'm not going to let Dana know that I know about this story! Your father and your brothers are not going to let Dana know that they know about the story either! We're not going to let any of our other relatives know about this story! The less peo­ple that know about the story, the better! The more people that know about the story, the more it will get back to Dana! And if it ever does get back to Dana, the first thing she's gonna do is become real angry and furious! The next thing she's gonna do is look at the four of you!" Missy and the triplets frighteningly look at their mother as their mother says, "You four were the only ones who were there! You four were the only ones who witnessed the entire incident! We're going to have to keep this horrible secret strictly between our­selves, your father and your brothers, alright?" Missy and the triplets frighteningly nod their heads in agreement! Christine continues, "Now listen girls! People are always talking about how mean and unfriendly Dana is! People are always talking about how she hardly ever smiles or anything like that, but there's one thing positive about her! Dana loves you all! She loves every single one of you! She loves you all more than she loves herself! In fact, she loves you all to death!" Missy and the triplets stunned look at their mother as their mother continues, "That's right! Dana loves you all to death! She would give her LIFE for you! She would FIGHT for you! She would go to JAIL for you!  She would go to PRISON for you! She would even KILL for you!" Missy and the triplets frighteningly look at their mother as their mother continues, "That's why I don't want any of you to ever, ever tell Dana if anything bad or anything wrong happens to any of you again, alright? Please girls, I'm begging you! Don't ever tell her!"
"Alright Mom! We won't!"
"Good!"
All of a sudden, Christine and the girls hear a car pull up and stop in front of the house. They look at each other. Christine firmly tells the girls, "Don't move," as she goes towards the basement win­dow. Christine approaches the basement window and takes a peak out the window through the curtain. She sees a dark colored car parked outside in front of the house with its headlights on. She then sees the headlights shut off. Christine leaves the window and whis­pers to the girls, "Hey! That looks like Dana's car that just parked outside!"
Missy and the triplets jump with fear as Linda frighteningly asks, "Mom were you expecting her?"
"No I wasn't expecting her! Why would I call you guys over here if I was expecting Dana? I wanted this entire conversation to be just between the five of us and nobody else! Now are you girls sure you didn't tell anybody that you were all coming over here?"
"No Mom, we didn't tell anybody," Londa whispers.
"No? Listen girls, I don't want Dana to know that you all are here! I don't want her to see us all down here together like this, because if she sees us all down here together like this, she's gonna become suspicious! She's gonna wonder what we're all doing stand­ing down here, especially around this time of night! And she's gonna wonder what we're all talking about! She's gonna think that we're having some kind of private meeting down here and then the next thing she's gonna wonder is why we didn't call her! Then what are we going to tell her? That's why I don't want Dana to see us all down here like this!"
Christine holds the girls by their shoulders as they all become silent. They frighteningly look up towards the basement ceiling and listen towards the upstairs. They listen for a few seconds. They hear the doorbell ring. Christine signals the girls to keep silent. After sev­eral seconds, they hear the doorbell ring again. They then hear foot­steps coming down the upstairs staircase. They continue to frighteningly look up towards the basement ceiling as they hear the footsteps going towards the front door. They hear the footsteps stop. They hear the front door open, then close. They start to hear faint voices and a couple of footsteps walking around upstairs. "That IS Dana up there," Christine whispers.
"She's talking to Uncle Harold," Londa whispers.
Christine and the girls could faintly hear Dana saying, "I just stopped by to visit Mom real quick. Is she asleep?" Christine and the girls could faintly hear Uncle Harold saying, "She might be. I don't even know if she's home. You might have to check down the base­ment. If she's not down there, then you might have to check upstairs."  Christine and the girls hear Dana saying, "Okay."
Christine and the girls frighteningly stare up at the basement door from down the bottom of the basement steps. They hear Dana approaching the basement door. They hear her knocking from the other side of the basement door, calling out, "MOM! MOM!" Christine does not answer. The girls look at Christine as Christine signals for them to keep silent. Christine and the girls frighteningly stare up at the basement door again as Dana knocks on it again, call­ing out, "MOM! MOM!" Christine nervously looks up towards the basement door as she and the girls remain silent.
Missy and the triplets become more frightened and huddle up to Christine as they all look up and hear Dana turning and struggling with the doorknob, trying to open the basement door! It is locked. Dana is unable to get in. Christine looks at the girls. They are all sweating with fear! The girls look at Christine! They frighteningly whisper, "What is it Mom? What's wrong?"
"I could hear your hearts beating very fast!"
The girls frighteningly and stunned look at Christine! They jump in fear and look up as they hear Dana turning and struggling with the doorknob again, trying to push the basement door open! Christine looks at the girls again! They are trembling with fear! The girls jump in fear and look up again as they hear Dana turning and struggling with the doorknob again, trying to push the basement door open again. Christine and the girls frighteningly stare at the basement door, knowing Dana's powerful strength, they fear she might bust down the basement door and knock it right off its hinges! Dana con­tinues to try to push the basement door open!  Christine and the girls jump in fear as they hear and feel Dana giving the basement door a very hard push! Christine and the girls frighteningly watch the base­ment door hinges, fearing that Dana's powerful strength will actual­ly break them! Dana continues to give the basement door a very hard push as Christine and the girls frighteningly watch the hinges of the basement door!  Dana is still unable to get inside the basement! She gives the basement door another hard push! Christine and the girls jump in fear as they hear a loud pound on the basement door! They then hear Uncle Harold shouting, "RELAX DANA! MAYBE SHE'S NOT DOWN THERE! SHE MIGHT NOT BE HOME!"
Christine and the girls hear Dana angrily saying, "No? I'm gonna go check upstairs then!"
They then hear Uncle Harold say, "Okay, I'll go with you! I got to make sure you don't break down any doors around here!"
Christine and the girls hear Dana's heavy footsteps angrily going up the upstairs staircase. They then hear Uncle Harold's footsteps going up the upstairs staircase following Dana's footsteps! Christine firmly whispers, "Listen girls, I'm gonna go upstairs and try to stall Dana, alright? While I'm stalling her, I want you girls to sneak out of the house. When you girls reach outside the house, you can either come back inside the house and pretend that you all just came over here, or you can just go straight back home to your Grandma and Grandpa's house. Which do you all rather do?"
"I think we all better just go straight back home to Grandma and Grandpa's house," Missy frighteningly whispers.
"Alright then."
"Mom, maybe we should all try to sneak out and leave right now while Dana is upstairs."
"But Missy, what if Dana decides to go look out one of the bed­room windows while you're all walking out there! That's why I have to try to stall her, to make sure that she doesn't see any of you at all! I don't want Dana or anybody else to know that you girls are here! I just want this to be our secret, okay? Now where did you all park the car? Did you park the car real far?"
"We parked it down the next two roads," Londa whispers.
"Okay. Now I'm gonna go upstairs and try to stall Dana long enough for you girls to reach the car, alright? Now remember, if I have Dana in another room or if I have her back turned towards you, that's when you all make your move, okay?"
"Okay Mom, we will!"
Christine quickly gives all her girls a big loving hug and whis­pers, "I love you."
"We love you too Mom," the girls tell her.
After their embrace, Christine whispers, "Now listen girls, I'm gonna go upstairs and pretend to Dana that I just walked in the house! I'm gonna pretend to her that I just walked in the house and I did not hear her knocking and banging on that basement door if she asks me about it, okay?"
"Okay Mom."
"I'll see you all later." Christine turns away from the girls.
As Christine is about to go up the basement steps, the girls grab and pull back on her arm. Christine turns around towards them. They are very scared and nervous as they frighteningly ask, "Don't go up there Mom? Please don't go?"
"I have to go up there girls! Dana is looking for me! Now if I don't go up there, then she'll come right back down to the basement door! Then the next thing you know is that she'll try to bust it down! And she just might succeed! Now you girls don't want Dana to come right back to this basement door and bust it down, do you?" The girls frighteningly look at Christine. They then let go of her arm. Christine says, "I'll be alright girls! I'll be okay." Christine turns back around and starts to head up the basement steps. She reaches the basement door. She slowly starts to unlock the basement door as the girls frighteningly watch her from down the bottom of the dark basement steps. Christine opens the basement door and walks out the basement. She closes the basement door behind herself.
Christine stands there in the dark, outside the basement door. She looks her eyes around. It is still very dark and quiet inside the house. The light inside the house is still very dim. Christine looks up the upstairs staircase. It is very dark up there with a dim light shin­ing from a wall behind it. Christine then looks towards the dark liv­ing room. She starts to walk slowly towards the dark living room. She soon enters the dark living room. She walks all the way in the living room and stands there. Then she looks up towards the living room ceiling. She starts to hear a couple of sets of footsteps walking around upstairs. She hears one set of footsteps following the other set of footsteps. Christine continues to stand there in the dark as she looks up towards the ceiling. She turns back around and starts to walk slowly towards the dark kitchen. She continues to look up towards the ceiling as she walks slowly towards the kitchen. As she looks up towards the ceiling, she hears one set of footsteps con­stantly following the other set of footsteps. Christine continues to walk slowly towards the dark kitchen. She is about to pass the upstairs staircase. As she is about to pass the upstairs staircase, she starts to hear slow heavy footsteps coming down the staircase towards her. She stops. She looks up slowly towards the dark stair­case. As she looks up towards the staircase, she sees Dana's dark eerie silhouette slowly coming down the staircase towards her. Christine asks, "Who's that?"
"It's me Mom."
"Who Dana?"
"Yeah."
"Well Dana! What are you doing here? I didn't expect you to be here! What are you doing here?" 
"I came to visit you." 
"You did?" 
"Yeah."
Christine and Dana give each other a big warm hug. They could barely see each other in the darkness. Christine asks, "What made you come over here this time of night Dana?"
"Oh I just came from a bar."
"A bar?"
"Yeah. Where were you Mom? I knocked on the basement door a few minutes ago!" 
"You did?" 
"Yeah!"
"Oh I wasn't here Dana! I just walked in the house! I was out with an old friend of mine I haven't seen in a while!" 
"You were?"
"Yeah! What's that smell on your clothes?" 
"Oh I got sick at the bar." 
"You got sick at the bar?" 
"Yeah."
"Well come on into the kitchen Dana and let me take a look at you." Christine leads Dana into the dark kitchen. She turns on the kitchen light. When she looks at Dana, she becomes shocked and frightened to see red stains all over Dana's mouth, neck and clothes! She sees Dana dressed in a short white jacket, white stretch jeans and black shoes. She also sees Dana wearing a medium gray blouse with red stains all over it as she shockingly shouts, "DAMN DANA! WHAT IN THE WORLD HAPPENED TO YOU? YOU GOT RED STAINS ALL OVER YOURSELF! YOU GOT RED STAINS ALL OVER YOUR FACE, NECK AND CLOTHES! IT LOOKS LIKE YOU'VE BEEN IN A FIGHT OR SOMETHING! OR IT LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT SOME KIND OF RED JUICE OR RED LIQUID SPILLED ALL OVER YOURSELF! WHAT HAPPENED?"
"I threw up Mom! I told you I got sick at the bar!"
"YEAH? WELL HOW DID YOU GET SICK DANA? WHAT HAPPENED?"
"Diane and Teresa had took me out to this bar. I ate some clams and had some tomato soup there. After a while, I started to feel sick. Then Diane and Teresa took me into the back room to lay me down and rest. While I was laying down resting, all of a sudden I threw up! That's when it got all over my neck! When I sat up, I threw up again! That's when it got all over my clothes! That's how I got this mess all over myself. The clams and the tomato soup didn't agree with me."
"NO? WELL WHY DIDN'T YOU CLEAN YOURSELF UP BEFORE YOU LEFT THE BAR DANA?"
"I don't know Mom. I just got so sick, I wanted to hurry up and get out of there"
"Oh yeah? Well where are Diane and Teresa at now?"
"I drove Teresa home then I drove Diane to Westchester, back to Grandma Margarita and Grandpa Tomas‘ house, then I drove here."
"Oh yeah?" Christine gets a better look at the red stains on Dana's mouth, neck and clothes. She frustratingly says, "Boy that mess looks horrible Dana! I'm gonna clean that up for you right now! Take your jacket off."
"Oh that's okay Mom, I didn't come here to stay."
"You're gonna stay until I finish cleaning you up!"
"Mom I could go home real quick and clean myself up!"
"YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE LIKE THAT DANA! LOOK AT ALL THIS! YOU'RE NOT WALKING OUT OF HERE LOOKING LIKE THAT! YOU'RE NOT LEAVING OUT OF THIS HOUSE UNTIL I FINISH CLEANING YOU UP ALRIGHT? THAT'S THE END OF THE SUBJECT!"
Dana looks at her mother as her mother starts to pull off her white jacket. Christine takes Dana's jacket off of Dana and places it on a chair. She then brings Dana towards the kitchen sink. She turns Dana's back towards the basement door as she starts to unfasten and loosen up Dana's gray blouse. Christine opens up Dana's blouse very wide, baring Dana's gray bikini like top. Christine looks and sees more dried up red mess down Dana's chest area. She then says, "Boy there's a lot of mess to wipe off Dana! Let me wet some paper towels!"
Christine turns around towards the kitchen counter and grabs some paper towels. She wets them up under the kitchen faucet. She turns back around towards Dana and rests one hand on top of Dana's head as she frustratingly wipes off Dana's eyes, mouth and face with the wet paper towels in the other hand. Dana stands there quietly as her mother wipes her face off.
After Christine finishes wiping off Dana's eyes, mouth and face, she throws the red stained paper towels away in a nearby garbage. She turns to the kitchen sink and wets up more paper towels. She turns more hot water on. She turns back to Dana and says, "Hold your head up!" Dana holds her head up a little.
As Christine starts to wipe off Dana's neck area, Dana suddenly hisses and shouts, "YOU GOT THE WATER TOO HOT MOM!"
"THE WATER NEEDS TO BE HOT DANA! BEING THAT YOU DIDN'T CLEAN THIS MESS OFF RIGHT AWAY, IT DRIED UP ON YOUR SKIN! LOOK AT ALL THIS! THIS DOESN'T MAKE ANY KIND OF SENSE! I SHOULD JUST MAKE YOU GO UPSTAIRS AND GET RIGHT IN THE SHOWER! I MEAN JUST LOOK AT ALL THIS! BOY DANA! YOU SHOULD HAVE CLEANED THIS MESS UP AS SOON AS POSSIBLE! JUST DON'T LET IT DRY UP ON YOUR SKIN!" Christine frus­tratingly continues to wipe off the front of Dana's neck back and forth as Dana stands there, holding her head up. Christine then throws the red stained paper towels into the garbage. She turns back to the kitchen sink and wets up more paper towels. She turns back to Dana and wipes off each side of Dana's neck, chest and shoulders.
Missy and the triplets are at the basement door. They take a peak towards the kitchen and see Dana's back halfway in their view, with the wall blocking her other half as their mother wipes her off. Londa tries to sneak for the front door. Christine secretly watches Londa as she continues to wipe off Dana's chest and shoulders. Londa is about halfway towards the door. Suddenly, she hears footsteps upstairs coming towards the staircase! She quickly hurries back inside the basement door where her sisters are! Londa and her sisters hear foot­steps coming down the upstairs staircase. They then peak through the basement door. They see their Uncle Harold coming from the staircase. They see him go directly to the kitchen where Christine and Dana are.
Uncle Harold comes into the kitchen and says, "Hey! I see you two found each other, huh?"
"Yeah we did," Christine says as she continues to wipe the red mess off Dana's chest area.
"Where were you Christine?" Harold asks. "Dana was knocking and banging all on that basement door a little while ago looking for you! You didn't answer! Where were you?"
"I wasn't home Harold. I just came in the house."
"Oh I see. You see Dana threw up on herself, right?"
"Yeah I know. I'm cleaning it off of her right now."
"She said she got sick at the bar."
"Yeah she told me," Christine says as she continues to wipe off Dana's chest area. She then asks, "Oh Harold, could you do me a favor? Could you hand me two thick cloths and a hand towel from the laundry basket please?"
"Sure," Harold says as he goes into the dining room. He then comes back and hands Christine two thick yellow cloths and a red hand towel.
"Thanks," Christine says as she takes the cloths and hand towel and sets them down on the side of the kitchen counter. She takes one of the yellow cloths and wets it up "with soap and water. She turns back towards Dana and washes Dana's face with the soapy cloth as Dana closes her eyes from the soap.
Uncle Harold then goes into the refrigerator. He grabs a late night snack of some barbecued spare ribs out of the refrigerator. He closes the refrigerator door and bites on a piece of spare rib. As he chews on the spare rib, he complains, "You know Christine! There's some sauce that I just can't seem to keep around the kitchen! I don't know who keeps taking my sauce out of the kitchen."
"Well I don't know either Harold. I haven't used any sauce in a while," Christine says as she washes the front of Dana's neck with the soapy cloth. Uncle Harold continues to complain to Christine as he puts the rest of the spare ribs into the microwave oven. Christine continues to talk to Harold as she washes each side of Dana's neck and shoulders with the soapy cloth. Christine turns to the kitchen sink and puts more soap and water on the cloth. She turns back to Dana and washes Dana's chest area with the soapy cloth as Harold continues to complain to her. Dana continues to stand there as her mother gives her a stand-up sponge bath.
Christine soon wets the other yellow cloth under the faucet. She turns back to Dana and wipes the soap off Dana's face. Harold continues to complain to Christine as Christine starts to wipe the soap off Dana's neck, shoulders and chest area. Missy and the triplets are still at the basement door. They hear their Uncle Harold fussing with their mother. They take another peak towards the kitchen and still see Dana's back halfway in their view as their mother continues to clean her off.
Londa tries to sneak for the front door again. She quietly goes for the front door and reaches it. She is very nervous and sweaty as she tries to quietly unlock the front door. Christine secretly watches Londa at the front door as she continues to wipe the soap off Dana's chest area. Harold takes the ribs out of the microwave. He then says, "Okay Christine, I'm gonna go back upstairs. Good night Ladies," as he starts to leave the kitchen.
"Oh Harold," Christine quickly says. "I think there's some extra sauce way up in the back of the cabinet! I couldn't reach it earlier.  Maybe you can try to reach it now."
"Oh yeah? Alright!"
Christine takes the dry red hand towel from off the kitchen cab­inet as Harold grabs a kitchen stool. As Harold starts to climb the stool, he almost slips! Christine and wet faced Dana worriedly look on at Harold as Christine holds on to Dana, saying, "Be careful Harold! Are you alright?"
"I'm alright," Harold says as he starts to climb the stool again.
Christine continues to hold on to Dana as they both carefully watch Harold climb the stool. Harold soon reaches the upper cabinet shelf. Christine then takes the dry red hand towel and starts to dry off Dana's face with it. She secretly looks towards the basement door and the front door as she dries off Dana's face. She then dries off Dana's neck and shoulders as Londa finally gets the front door open! Once Londa has the front door open, the rest of her sisters ner­vously and quietly go for the front door and reach outside of the house. They quietly close the front door behind themselves. Christine secretly looks towards the front door and gives a secret sigh of relief as she dries off Dana's chest area.
Missy and the triplets make it outside the front door. They start to head towards the front gate and exit it. They pass by Dana's car which is in front of the house. They all look at the car. They are relieved to see that there is no one inside her car waiting for her. They quickly head to their car which is two blocks down.
Missy and the triplets finally reach their car and get inside of it.  They pull off and leave the area quickly!
Back at the house, Christine finishes drying off Dana's chest area. She tries to wipe the red stains off Dana's blouse. Dana continues to stand there in front of her mother with her gray blouse wide open. Even though she still has the red stains all over her blouse and bikini like top, her face, neck, shoulders and chest areas are practi­cally squeaky clean now!
Harold soon comes down from the stool. Christine asks, "Did you find the sauce Harold?"
"I sure did," Harold says, shaking the sauce in his hand.
"Good. Harold, are you going to the cleaners tomorrow morn­ing?"
"Yeah. I'm gonna leave early in the morning."
"Oh yeah? Well could you do me a favor? Could you put Dana's blouse and jacket in the cleaners for me please?" Dana looks at her mother as her mother tells Harold, "Because I don't think these red stains are gonna come off so easy!" Harold approaches Christine and Dana. Christine shows him the tough red stains on the front of Dana's blouse. She then says, "If you put these in the cleaners for me, I'll just let her hold one of my shirts and jackets."
"Yeah? Okay Chris. I'll put her stuff in the cleaners for you."
"Good. Thanks Harold."
"No problem Chrissy." Harold picks up Dana's red stained white jacket from off the chair and looks at it.
Christine tells Dana, "You might as well just spend the rest of the night here Dana." Dana looks at her mother again as her mother tells her, "I'm gonna call up Tony for you and tell him that you're gonna stay here with me for the rest of the night, alright? Go down the basement and change to one of my shirts."
Dana steps back a little and takes a quick look towards her jack­et. Then she turns around and walks away. Her heavy footsteps walk towards the basement door as Christine starts to show Harold the red stains on Dana's white jacket. Christine then calls out to Dana, "I'LL BE DOWN SHORTLY DANA," as Dana's heavy footsteps contin­ue to walk towards the basement door.
Christine continues to show Harold the red stains on Dana's white jacket. Harold says, "Okay I'll take both of her things to the cleaners tomorrow."
"Thanks a million Harold. I'm gonna call up Tony right now and let him know that Dana's over here with me."
"Okay Christine. I'm gonna go upstairs now," Harold says as he takes Dana's red stained white jacket away with him.
"Okay Harold. Good night," Christine says as she goes to the telephone.
"Good night," Harold says as he goes up the staircase with Dana's jacket and his snack of spare ribs.
Christine then picks up the telephone receiver and starts to dial Dana and Tony's number.
So far, Missy and the triplets made it outside the house without Dana or their Uncle Harold ever noticing their presence inside the house.
The following Thursday morning, Missy gets ready to leave for the school. Before she leaves the house, she decides to make a quick phone call to her mother. She calls up her Uncle Kevin's house. Harold picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello Uncle Harold. It's me Missy. Could you put Mom on the phone real quick? I have to speak to her right away."
"Sure Missy. Hold on."
Christine soon picks up the telephone and says, "Hello Missy."
"Hello Mom," Missy whispers. "So Mom, how did it go with Dana last night after me and the triplets snuck out of there?"
"Oh it went okay Missy. I had Dana spent the rest of the night here with me down in the basement."
"Oh she spent the night with you?"
"Yeah. She left here around 45 minutes ago."
"She did?"
"Yeah."
"Well did Tony know where she was? You know how he's always calling all over the place looking for Dana whenever she doesn't come home."
"Yeah I called Tony myself last night. I told him that Dana was here with me. I told him that Dana had gotten sick at the bar and that she had threw up on herself. Then I told him that Dana had stopped here for a quick visit, but I was gonna keep Dana over here with me until she gets ready to leave in the morning."
"Oh yeah? Well what did he say?"
"He said that it was a good thing I called him, because he said he was sitting up waiting for her!" 
"He was?"
"Yeah. Then he told me he was glad to know that Dana was safe and with me."
"Oh that's good. You know Mom, I want to ask you something." 
"Yeah? What is it Missy?"
"Well when the triplets and I were standing at the basement door, we overheard you and Dana talking in the kitchen. We over­heard you two talking about some red stains that were on her face, neck and clothes. We overheard you telling Dana that it looked like she'd been in some kind of fight or something. When you had asked Dana about those red stains, we overheard her telling you that she had threw up all over herself at some bar that Diane and Teresa had took her to last night, right?"
"Yeah, that's right."
"Mom, do you think that Dana was actually telling you the truth about those red stains that were all over herself? Do you think those red stains that were on her skin and clothes could have actually been bloodstains? Of somebody else's blood?"
"Oh no Missy, those weren't blood stains.  Those were actually stains from where she threw up from some tomato soup that she had ate.   I smelled it.  It smelled just like tomato soup."
"You smelled it?"
"Yeah, I smelled the soup! It didn't smell like blood. It didn't look like blood either as I was cleaning her up." 
"No?"
"No. It looked like blood when I first saw it, but after I studied it and smelled it, I knew it wasn't blood. Believe me Missy, if it was actually bloodstains, I don't think that Dana would have even came over here last night. I don't think she would have come over here and risk anybody seeing her like that if it was actually bloodstains."
"Yeah I guess you're right Mom. Boy I'm relieved to hear that it wasn't bloodstains, because the triplets and I were really worried about Dana! We got so scared when we overheard you asking Dana about some red stains that were all over her face, neck and clothes, we thought it was bloodstains.  I mean that's the way she looked when she had attacked Kathy, Rose and Derek with the baseball bat! Dana had red bloodstains all over herself that time! The triplets and I thought that maybe Dana had gotten into some kind of another vicious fight or something like that! I mean when we all overheard you and Dana talking about the red stains that were all over her clothes, the triplets and I were thinking to ourselves, 'Oh no! We hope Dana didn't get into another vicious fight and probably k……," Missy's eyes become filled with tears.
"I know Missy," Christine sadly says. "I can imagine what you all must have been thinking at that moment. I was startled myself when I first saw the red stains all over Dana. But it wasn't bloodstains Missy. It was actually stains from where she threw up from some red tomato soup. I cleaned it all off her last night."
"Yeah we saw you cleaning her up Mom."
"Yeah, she was very messy."
"I can imagine! Oh Mom, the triplets and I are very, very worried about Dana."
"I know Missy. We're all worried about Dana. We're all worried about her problem with having a violent temper, which causes her to do violent things! That's why your father and I are gonna see if we can try to get Dana some help again. Your father and I talked on the phone a little while ago."
"You did?"
"Yeah. He called me up this morning. We're gonna go look around for a psychotherapist this morning to see if we can find one that is able to help Dana with her violent temper."
"Oh really?"
"Yeah Missy. Your father is supposed to come pick me up this morning. He's supposed to be here in about an hour."
"Oh yeah? That's good Mom! I hope you and Dad find a reliable doctor for Dana."
"Yeah me too."
"But Mom, will Dana be willing to go once you and Dad find a doctor for her?"
"Dana is not going to have a choice in this matter Missy.  Once your father and I find a reliable doctor for Dana, we're going to make sure that she goes to make the visits! We're gonna take her there ourselves!"
"Oh that's great Mom! I really want Dana to get help for her vio­lent temper. I don't want her to wind up back in jail, prison or any mental institutions again!"
"Neither do I Missy. None of us do. That's why your father and I are going to try our best to find a good doctor that is able to help your sister."
"That's good Mom." Missy looks at her watch and says, "Okay Mom, I'm running late. I gotta get ready to leave for the school. Let me know how things turn out."
"Sure Missy, I will. I'll talk to you later." 
"Alright Mom. I love you."
"I love you too darling. I'll see you later. Don't be late for work."
"Okay Mom. Take care." Missy hangs up the telephone. She leaves the house and rushes off to the school.












































Chapter 23

The Psychotherapist


An hour later, David beeps the car horn in front of his brother Kevin's house. Christine comes out of the house and heads towards David's car. She approaches David's car and hops into the vehicle. David then pulls off.
David and Christine shop around all morning, trying to look for a reliable doctor who might be able to help Dana.
As David and Christine sit in the car, David sees a doctor's name on his list that he wants to check out. He tells Christine, "I want to call this doctor right here and check him out."
"Okay David. Let's call him up."
David and Christine get out of the car and walk towards a pay phone. David picks up the phone receiver and dials the number. He speaks on the phone for a while. After he finishes speaking on the telephone, he turns to Christine and says, "I spoke to the doctor's secretary. The secretary said that we can come in and speak with the doctor this afternoon, around 1:00."
"Oh good. You have the address to the place?"
"Yeah it's right here. Let's go there now and wait around there."
"Okay." Christine and David walk back to the car. They get back into the car and head towards the doctor's office.
Christine and David soon arrive to the doctor's office. The sec­retary tells them to sign their names and take a seat in the waiting area. Christine and David sign their names and sit in the waiting area. They sit for a while. After a while, they're finally called on to see the doctor. They both go into the doctor's office towards the back. When they open the door, they see a male black doctor around his mid 50's. The doctor says, "Hello."
Christine and David say, "Hello," as David closes the door behind himself.
"Please, have a seat," the doctor says.
Christine and David both sit down in front of the doctor's desk. The doctor then says, "My name is Justin Ross. And you two are Christine and David Brown, right?"
"Yes we are," David says.
"So what can I do for you? How may I help you two today?"
David and Christine look at each other. David gently puts his hand on Christine's shoulder and tells her, "Go ahead."
Christine tearfully says, "Well it's not us Doctor. It's our daugh­ter."
"Your daughter?" 
"Yes."
"Well what about your daughter? Who is your daughter?"
"Her name is Dana. She's not here right now, she's at work. We thought maybe we can come in here first and talk to you about her."
"Oh yeah? Well what's the problem with her?"
"The problem Doctor, is that our daughter Dana has a very vio­lent temper! I mean her violent temper is so bad that it causes her to do violent things!"
"Violent things? Violent things like what?"
"Killing people Doctor," David says. Doctor Ross shockingly looks at Christine and David as David tearfully continues, "See Doctor, our daughter Dana has a violent temper! She has been arrest­ed many times before on assault charges! She's also been arrested for killing a few people!"
"What!"
"Yeah! She has two or more manslaughter charges against her so far! She's been in jail and in prison on those charges. She's also been arrested on several suspicious murder charges, but it couldn't be proven in court that she committed those suspicious murders, so the courts had to let her go. We don't want our daughter to commit any­more possible murders, Doctor! She's our daughter and we don't want her to wind up spending the rest of her life locked up behind bars or any institutions! That's what my wife and I are so afraid of!  That's why we're here. We want our daughter to get some kind of help right away! She needs help as soon as possible!"
Christine starts to weep on David's shoulder as he puts his arm around her. Doctor Ross is stunned as he says, "I'm sorry to hear about this! I understand how you two must feel!"
"Doctor, is it possible for you to help our daughter?" Christine cries.
"Sure it's possible!"
"Please help her!"
"I'll do my best, but I can't guarantee anything! It's all up to the individual! I'll do my part, but the individual will have to do their part also! Now I have to ask you two some questions.  Is she your only child?"
"No," Christine says. "We have seven other children. With Dana that makes eight all together."
"Well are your other children this way? Do any of them have a violent temper? Especially a violent temper that causes them to kill or have homicidal behaviors?"
"No Doctor," David says. "None of our other children are like this. Just Dana."
"Well has your daughter Dana ever gotten any kind of help for her violent temper before?"
"Yes. She has had counseling a few times before. The courts had ordered her to get some counseling. We even took her to counseling. The counseling worked for a while. Her violent temper seemed like it had went away, but after around several months, her violent tem­per seemed to have come right back."
"Wow, I see. Has your daughter Dana ever been in any kind of hospital or mental institutions before?"
"Yes she has. The courts had sent her to hospitals and mental institutions several times before in the past."
"I see. Has your daughter Dana ever been on any kind of illegal drugs or is she using any kind of illegal drugs that you know of?"
"No Doctor. Not that we know of."
"As far as we know Doctor, Dana doesn't use any kind of illegal drugs," Christine says.
"I see. Does your daughter Dana drink alcohol or abuse alcohol that any of you know of?"
"No Doctor, not that we know of either."
"Has your daughter Dana ever been on any kind of medication to calm her violent temper?"
"No. Dana has never been on any medication for her violent temper."
"I see. May I ask how did your daughter Dana wind up killing these people on her manslaughter charges?"
"Well," David says. "She killed both of these people in a fist fight that she had with them! One of the victims was a woman named Rose who our daughter had choked to death." Dr. Ross becomes stunned. David continues, "The other victim was a sus­pected rapist who Dana had gotten into a fight with! She punched the man in the temple with her bare fist! She gave him a hard blow to the temple and wound up killing him instantly! He died right there on the spot!"
Doctor Ross remains stunned as he says, "Man this is unbeliev­able! Your daughter sounds like a very strong person!"
"Yeah, she is! She's been a strong person ever since she was a baby!"
"Oh really?"
"Yes," Christine says. "She had a temper tantrum as a baby. When she had her temper tantrum, she would kick her legs around all wild and viciously, she broke mine and my husband's fingers a couple of times. Whenever she had kicked her legs all around, I was afraid to pick her up. I didn't want any more broken fingers Doctor. A broken bone is no joke. I would have to lift her up and hold her far away from me to keep her legs from being in contact with me."
"Really?"
"Yes. We just want to know Doctor, what can you do for our daughter?"
"I can try my best to help her. Now from what you two just told me, you say your daughter Dana has a violent temper, right?"
"Yes, she does," Christine and David say.
"Well it sounds to me like your daughter's violent temper caus­es her to have a murderous personality."
"A murderous personality?" David asks.
"Yes. It sounds like your daughter's violent temper causes her to kill people out of revenge or anger. Being that your daughter might have a murderous personality, I have to ask you two something going back to your daughter's childhood."
"Going back to her childhood?" David asks. 
"Yes."
"Well what is it Doctor?"
"Have your daughter Dana ever been abused as a child?" 
"Oh no doctor," Christine says. "None of our children had been abused!"
"We disciplined our children," David says. "But we never abused any of them! We treat all our children the same! It's just that Dana is the only one who turned out with a very violent temper!"
"I see. Another thing I have to ask you two. As far as any of you two know of, has your daughter Dana ever deliberately killed any­thing when she was a small child? Like did she deliberately kill any animals, pets, or any other living thing that any of you two know of?"
David and Christine suspiciously look at the doctor, thinking about the maintenance man. They suspiciously look at each other. They look back at the doctor as David says, "No Doctor. As far as we know, our daughter hasn't deliberately killed any living thing as a child."
"No?"
"No! Why do you ask doctor?"
"Because that's a possible sign that a parent would have to watch out for! If a parent sees or knows of their child deliberately killing an animal, pet or any other living thing, then it's a possibili­ty that the child might grow up to be a killer! And if that child grows up to kill or murder somebody, it's most likely that they won't have a guilty conscience about it either! Sometimes you can just look at a person's eyes and tell that they're a killer!"
"Look at a person's eyes?" Christine frighteningly asks.
"Yes! Have you ever heard of the term 'Eyes of a Killer'? I mean just by looking at a person's eyes could sometimes tell a lot about them. Just by looking at a person's eyes could sometimes tell that they're a killer. Killers seem to have a certain type of look in their eyes. It's hard to explain, but sometimes it's just the way their eyes might look. It might be the way their eyes look at you or look at any other person. Or it might be the way their eyes look at people in gen­eral." David and Christine stunned look at the doctor. Doctor Ross then asks, "When do you two think you can be able to bring your daughter in here?"
"Well she works all week long," Christine says. "Are you open on the weekend Doctor?"
"Yes. I'm open at times on the weekend. How about this Saturday?"
"This Saturday sounds great. She'll be here."
"Wait a minute Christine," David says. "What about the Community Center? Dana is still on probation. She still has to work at the Community Center on Saturdays."
"Oh she's on probation?" Doctor Ross asks.
"Yes. She's on probation on one of the manslaughter charges Doctor. She has to work at the Community Center on the weekends."
"Oh I see. I see."
"Yeah you're right David," Christine says. "We might have to speak to Dana's probation officer and tell her probation officer that she has a doctor's appointment this Saturday. If it's any kind of doc­tor's appointment, the probation officer have to excuse it."
"Yeah you're right Christine," David says. He then looks at the doctor and says, "Okay Doctor, our daughter will be in here this Saturday. We'll speak to her probation officer. What time will you be able to see her this Saturday?"
"I'll be able to see her around 9:00 in the morning. How's that?"
"That sounds good Doctor. She'll be here."
"Okay."
Christine and David get up from their seats. Doctor Ross gets up from his chair and says, "Just bring her in this Saturday and I'll do my best for her."
"Thanks a lot Doctor," Christine says as she and David head for the door.
"No problem. You two take care."
"You too Doctor," David says. "See you Saturday."
"Okay. Bye now."
David and Christine leave the office as Doctor Ross closes the door behind them.
Around that same noon, Missy sits in the adults' cafeteria inside the school. She is sitting at a table all alone. She looks around the cafeteria and sees everyone else sitting together in groups. She starts to get tears in her eyes, wondering why no one wants to sit with her or be her company. Several school workers see Missy sitting sadly alone. They begin to feel sorry for her. Russell says to Neil, "You know I really feel bad for Missy. She doesn't seem to have any friends here."
"Yeah, I feel sort of bad for her too. You know she's not even a bad person. Yet we're all treating her like she's done something wrong."
"You're right. Well I'm gonna go sit with her."
"Yeah me too. Come on let's go." Neil and Russell walk over to Missy. They start to sit with her.
"Hey Missy," Russell says. "How are you?"
"Yeah Missy," Neil says. "How've you been?"
Missy stunned looks at Russell and Neil. She is surprised to see them sitting with her. She is surprised to see anybody sitting with her! Missy then says, "Hey! What's going on?"
"Oh nothing much," Russell says.
Missy looks at him and asks, "Are you sure nothing much is going on around here? I mean for the past couple of days, people have been treating me like I had some kind of contagious disease or something! People were acting like they were afraid to talk to me or be around me!"
Russell and Neil get shameful looks on their faces as Russell says, "Well, it's not you people are afraid of Missy. It's your sister everyone is afraid of!"
Puzzled, Missy looks at Russell. She then looks at Neil and back at Russell and asks, "My sister? You mean Dana?" Neil nods his head yes. Missy becomes stunned as she asks, "Well why is every­one afraid of Dana? She doesn't work here,"
"No, but her sister does," Neil says. Missy looks at Neil as he says, "Missy, people were afraid to be near or around you, because they think that if they make a mistake and do something wrong to you, your sister Dana will come after them and they don't know what will happen once your sister Dana catches up with them!"
"Is that what everyone's afraid of or worried about?" Missy asks.
"Yeah Missy," Russell says. "That's exactly what everyone around here is afraid of and worried about." 
"What!
"It's true Missy!"
"Really? Listen guys, Dana is not worried about my co-workers! She wouldn't care if I socialize with my co-workers! Dana is not worried about my co-workers, my social life or my love life! She's not worried about any of that at all, as long as I'm happy and as long as no one harms me! If Dana sees that I'm happy, then she is happy for me. But if she sees that I'm angry, hurt or upset, then she will become angry, hurt and upset. Then she will start to react on it. But as long as I'm happy and no one harms me, Dana wouldn't care about anything else!"
"Yeah?" Russell asks. "Are you sure Missy? I mean are you sure your sister Dana won't become angry or upset if she was about to walk in here right now and see us sitting here chatting with you?"
"No! Of course not! Like I said, as long as I'm happy, then Dana is happy for me."
Russell and Neil both smile as they apologize to Missy for shun­ning her. Missy smiles back and accepts their apology. They all eat their food together.
A couple of minutes later, other co-workers come in and join Missy at the table. They all give her a warm smile. They all start to apologize to her also. Missy smiles back at them. Soon, Missy is sur­rounded by smiling co-workers as she sits there at the cafeteria table.
The following Saturday morning, David pulls up in front of his brother Kevin's house and beeps the car horn. Christine comes out of the house. She closes the front door behind herself and walks towards David's car. As she approaches David's car, she sees Paulette, an old friend of hers. Paulette, a black woman around her late 40's, comes down the sidewalk. She sees Christine and approaches her. She says 'Hello' to Christine. Christine and Paulette give each other a warm hug. Paulette says, "I haven't seen you in a while Christine! Where've you been?"
"Oh I stay in Jamaica most of the time."
"You do?"
"Yeah. My children stay up here with my in-laws." 
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. You remember my husband David, don't you?"
Paulette looks inside the car and sees David. She says, "Hi David! How've you been?"
"I've been alright Paulette," David smiles and says. "How about yourself?"
"I've been okay. I was just surprised to see Christine because I haven't seen her in a while." Paulette then asks Christine, "So what have you been up to these days Chris? Where are you on your way to?"
"Well we're taking our daughter to the doctor this morning. She has a doctor's appointment."
"Yeah? Which daughter?"
"Dana, my oldest daughter." 
"Oh yeah? Is she okay?"
"Yeah she's okay. We're just going to have a talk with the doc­tor that's all."
"Oh I see. Well I don't want to hold you up. Why don't we get together some time Christine and catch up on old times."
"Oh I would love that Paulette. I'll look forward to it."
"Well how about tonight, if you're not too busy?"
"Oh I wish I could Paulette, but I'm gonna spend some time with Dana and my other children all day today and tonight."
"Okay. Whenever you have the time, just call me. Here's my number." Paulette writes her number on a small piece of paper. She then hands the piece of paper to Christine.
"Thanks Paulette," Christine says. "I'll use it."
"Okay. Well let me not hold you up any longer. I don't want you to miss your daughter's appointment." Paulette gives Christine another hug and tells her, "See you later," as she walks off.
"Okay. By Paulette," Christine says as she gets into David's car. She closes the door. David then pulls off.
A few hours later, David, Christine, Sammy, Thomas and Missy are all sitting in the waiting area outside the doctor's office. Christine sits between David and Missy with her arm wrapped around Missy's shoulders. Missy leans against Christine's shoulder as Thomas and Sammy sit on the opposite side of her. Dana soon comes out of the office with Doctor Ross. Her family gets up and approaches her. Doctor Ross pulls Christine and David to the side and starts to have a private conversation with them. He tells them, "I couldn't quite get through to her. She didn't really say much, but I will keep trying to help her more."
"Thanks Doctor," David and Christine say. They all walk towards Dana. Christine asks, "So how do you feel Dana?"
"I feel alright Mom."
"Good." Christine looks at Dr. Ross and tells him, "Thanks a lot Doctor. We'll see you next week." 
"Okay. Take care now."
"You too Doctor," David says as he and his family leave the office with Dana.
Around two weeks later, Christine and her family members start to head back to Jamaica. They are all at Kennedy Airport along with David, all of his children and David's brother Kevin. Christine and her family members start to hug and kiss all of her children good­bye. David gives Christine a big hug and kiss. Christine then gives Dana a big hug and tells her, "Now be good Dana. I'll call you all when I get home."
"Okay Mom, I'll be home," Dana says as she walks her mother to the departure gate. "If I'm not home, I'll be at Grandma and Grandpa's house."
"Okay Dana. Talk to you later." Christine gives Dana another hug and kiss. She then goes towards the departure gate. As Christine is about to go through the departure gate, she turns around and shouts, "GOODBYE EVERYBODY!"
"GOODBYE CHRISTINE," David shouts as his children shout, "GOODBYE MOM!"
Christine then goes through the departure gate along with her family members. They turn around and wave goodbye as they start to head down the long corridor. David and his children continue to watch Christine and her family members as they reach the end of the long corridor. Christine and her family members wave a last good­bye before they all disappear around the corner. David, Kevin and all the children turn around and start to leave the airport. They then head back home.













































Chapter 24

Tony's Anger


Several weeks later on a Friday morning, Dana and Teresa drive off to work together. At the end of the work day, Dana drives Teresa back home. Teresa gets out the car and tells Dana, "I'll see you later when you come back over with Tony, Diane and Michael."
"Okay Teresa,” Dana says.
"Bye," Teresa says as Dana pulls off.
Around 7:00 that same evening, Diane and Michael arrive to Teresa and Joseph's apartment. They stay at the apartment for a while. Tony and Dana have not arrived there yet. Later on, the door­bell rings. Joseph goes to the front door and says, "It's probably Tony and Dana." He opens the door. It is Tony at the door, but he is alone. He comes inside the apartment as the others ask him, "Where's Dana?"
"Dana hasn't come home yet. I don't know where she is."
"No?" Teresa asks. "That's strange because she had dropped me off from work. I thought that Dana was on her way home."
"Well she isn't there. I mean when I had left the apartment, she wasn't there. I don't know where she is at the moment."
"Well have you called up her family yet?"
"No, not yet. I'll try them later. Maybe Dana might meet up with us here a little later."
"Yeah, she might stop by here later on. Come on Joseph, let's put on some music."
Joseph goes to turn on the stereo. He puts on some old classic R&B music like the Stylistics, Sly and the Family Stone, Black Ivory, Al Green, Harold Melvin and many others.
After a while, Tony goes to use the telephone. He calls on the phone to his apartment. There is no answer. Tony hangs up the tele­phone. He continues to stay at Teresa and Joseph's apartment. He calls on the telephone back and forth to his apartment. He continues to try and see if Dana had arrived home yet. There still is no answer at their apartment. Tony is worried. He decides to call up Dana's grandparents' home.
The phone rings at Gracy and Mike's home. Gracy picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hi Grandma. It's me Tony. How are you?"
"Oh I'm alright Tony! How've you been?"
"Oh, I'm okay. I just wanted to ask you, have you seen Dana today yet?"
"No I haven't seen or heard from Dana today, but she had come by here yesterday. None of us know where she is at the moment."
"No? Well, if any of you see or hear from Dana, please let me know. Tell her I'm over at Teresa and Joseph's apartment. Could you tell Dana to call over here if any of you happen to see or hear from her?"
"Okay Tony. We will."
"Thanks Grandma. I'll talk to you later."
"Okay Tony. See you."
"Okay. Bye." Tony hangs up the telephone.
It is after 11:00 PM now. Tony, Diane D and Michael decide to leave for the night and go home. Tony decides to make one final call to his apartment to see if Dana had arrived there yet. There still is no answer. Tony, Diane D and Michael then leave Teresa and Joseph's apartment.
Tony is riding home in the car with Diane D and Michael as Michael is driving at the wheel. Michael drops Tony off in front of Tony's building. Michael then asks, "Will you be alright Tony?"
"I'll be okay Michael."
"Okay. We'll see you tomorrow."
"Okay Michael. Goodnight."
"Goodnight," Michael and Diane D say.
Tony goes to his building. Diane D and Michael watch him until he gets inside the building. They then drive off and head for their home.
A couple of minutes later, Tony is at his apartment door. He unlocks the door and enters inside the apartment. He starts to look around the apartment, calling out, "DANA! DANA" There is no answer. Dana is still not home.
It is an hour later now. Tony has changed to his pajamas. He is very upset. The phone rings as Tony walks through the hallway towards the living room. He hurries into the living room to answer it! He picks up the telephone and says, "Dana?"
"No Tony, it's not Dana. This is Gracy, Grandma."
"Hey Grandma, how's it going?"
"Oh everything's going okay Tony. I'm sorry for calling over there so late, but I guess Dana hadn't come home yet, huh?" 
"No, Dana still has not showed up yet." 
"Well, where could she be?"
"Beats me Grandma! I have no idea! I sure wish I knew!" 
"Well did she say anything this morning about not coming home tonight?"
"No, that's the problem! She never says anything! I never know what Dana's next move is gonna be!"
"Yeah none of us do. Well Tony, call me as soon as Dana walks in the door, okay?"
"Okay Grandma, I will."
"Okay Tony. Talk to you later."
"Bye Grandma." Tony hangs up the phone.
Twenty minutes has past. The phone rings again. Tony quickly picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello Tony, this is Teresa."
"Hey Teresa, what's going on?"
"Oh nothing much. Joseph and I were just wondering if Dana had arrived home yet."
"No, Dana still hasn't come home yet."
"No? Well where is she? Did she say anything to you earlier about where she would be?"
"No she didn't say a word! Did she say anything to you when you two rode to work this morning?"
"No, she didn't say anything to me! Hold on Tony, Joseph wants to talk to you."
"Okay."
Joseph gets on the phone and says, "Hey Tony?" 
"Yeah man, what's up?"
"Nothing much. Did Dana say anything to you about not com­ing home tonight?"
"No she didn't say anything!"
"Well maybe she went to the hospital emergency like she's always telling you!"
"She could have, but I don't know."
"Well listen Tony, I want you to call us as soon as Dana walks in the door alright?"
"Alright Joseph, I will."
"And as soon as Dana walks in the door Tony, I want you to get on her case, alright? Tell her not to be having you or any of us wor­rying like this!"
"I sure will Joseph."
"Okay Tony. Talk to you later."
"Alright Joseph. Bye." Tony hangs up the phone. The phone rings a third time. Tony quickly picks it up again. It is Diane D and Michael. They also want to know the same thing, if Dana arrived home yet. Tony gives the same answer for everyone that calls, "No, Dana still has not come home yet."
Michael then says, "As soon as Dana walks in the apartment Tony, give us a call alright?"
"Alright Michael, I will. I'll see you and Diane later."
"Alright Tony. Bye now."
"Bye." Tony hangs up the phone. He goes to turn the stereo on and plays R&B and Classic Soul music. Soon, the Classic Soul music of Jerry Butler's "Never Gonna Give You Up" plays on the stereo. Tony goes into the kitchen and starts to cook on the stove. He then hears keys unlocking the front door. He stops what he's doing and walks towards the front door. He stands there looking as the door opens. As the door opens, he sees Dana! She finally walks in! Tony angrily stands there with his hands on his hips as he looks at Dana. Dana stops and angrily looks back at Tony. Tony then looks at the clock. It is 2:00 in the morning. Tony gets very upset with Dana and angrily asks, "Did you forget where you live?" Dana slams the door and glares at Tony with her deadly green eyes! Tony angrily asks, "Where have you been all night?"
"I got sick and went to the hospital emergency!"
"WHAT! YOU GOT SICK AND WENT TO THE HOSPITAL EMERGENCY? IT FIGURES! I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT YOU WOULD HAVE COME UP WITH THAT ANSWER! YOU ALWAYS SEEM TO BE SICK AND GOING TO THE DAMN HOSPITAL! YOU'RE ALWAYS GOING TO THE DAMN HOSPI­TAL WITHOUT LETTING ANYONE KNOW WHERE YOU ARE! I FEEL LIKE A DAMN FOOL NOT KNOWING WHERE YOU ARE AT TIMES AND DON'T KNOW WHAT TO TELL THE OTHERS WHEN THEY ALL BE ASKING ME WHERE YOU ARE!"
"I GOT SICK AND WENT TO THE HOSPITAL! WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH THAT?"
"WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH THAT?" Tony goes to grab the telephone and angrily waves it in Dana's face shouting, "HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF THE TELEPHONE? WHY DON'T YOU USE IT SOMETIMES AND CALL?" He slams the phone down hard on the table shouting, "LET ME OR SOMEBODY ELSE KNOW WHAT'S HAPPENING OR WHAT'S GOING ON!"
"I HAD CALLED HOME TONY! YOU WEREN'T HERE!"
"OH DON'T HAND ME THAT DANA! YOU KNEW WHERE WE WERE SUPPOSED TO BE AT! YOU KNEW THAT WE WERE SUPPOSED TO BE AT JOSEPH AND TERESA'S APART­MENT! WHY DIDN'T YOU CALL OVER THERE? IS THERE SOMEONE ELSE DANA? HUH? ARE YOU SEEING SOMEONE ELSE?"
"NO TONY, I'M NOT SEEING ANYONE ELSE!"
Tony angrily grabs Dana by the arm and shouts, "WHO IS THE OTHER PERSON DANA? HUH? WHO ARE THEY?"
"THERE IS NO OTHER PERSON TONY," Dana shouts as she violently pulls her arm away from Tony! "I TOLD YOU I HAD WENT TO THE HOSPITAL EMERGENCY BECAUSE I GOT SICK!"
Dana storms out of the hallway towards the bedroom! Tony angrily follows off after Dana as he continues to yell and scream at her! Dana storms right into the bedroom and slams the bedroom door shut with a bang so loud that the walls shake! Tony angrily pounds on the bedroom door and shouts, "AND FROM NOW ON, YOU'RE GONNA START CALLING IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO BE AROUND, YOU HEAR MEEE?" He angrily gives another hard pound on the bedroom door! Then he angrily walks away from the door! He storms through the hallway and goes into the kitchen! He starts slamming the pots, pans and the cabinet doors! He contin­ues to be angry as he starts to cook!
While Tony is in the kitchen, Dana is in the room. She suspi­ciously looks towards the bedroom door to make sure Tony is not near it, or about to enter it. Then she looks into the mirror and secret­ly opens up her black jacket. She has bloodstains all over her green blouse! The bloodstains are not hers. She suspiciously looks towards the bedroom door again and quickly takes her jacket off! She hur­riedly opens up her blouse and takes it off! She is left with her black tee shirt on. Then she slips on a pair of dark brown cloth gloves. She suspiciously looks towards the bedroom door again as she secretly bends down to the floor. She reaches under the bed and pulls out a large black trash bag that she has hidden under the bed. She stuffs the black jacket and the blouse into the trash bag and closes it up tightly to prevent any blood odors from seeping out. Then she secret­ly hides the trash bag back under the bed to keep anyone from find­ing it until she gets rid of it.
During the meantime, Tony is in the living room, speaking on the telephone. He is speaking to Gracy on the other end of the tele­phone, telling Gracy, "Dana had finally came home Grandma."
"Oh she did?"
"Yeah."
"Is she alright?"
"Yeah, she's alright. She's sulking in the bedroom right now." 
"Yeah? Well what happened?"
"Well, I started hollering and screaming at her for coming in so late. Then she told me that she had gotten sick and went to the hos­pital emergency, but I didn't buy that. I accused her of seeing some­one else, then she stormed right into the bedroom and slammed the door behind herself."
"Oh no, she didn't break the door hinges again, did she?"
"No, not this time Grandma. The next time Dana goes around and breaks anymore door hinges, I'm gonna have her personally fix them herself."
"You are?" Gracy laughs.
"Yeah."
"Well I'm glad to know Dana finally came home." 
"Yeah, I'm glad too."
"By the way Tony, what did you mean when you said you accused Dana of seeing someone else? Is that what you think she's doing? Seeing someone else?"
"I'm not really sure Grandma. But what else could I think? Dana is always coming home late and I wouldn't know where she be at! And when she is home, I would sometimes wake up in the middle of the night and find her gone, out of the bed and out of the apartment! Or she would go to the doctor's office one morning and not come home until the next morning and I will not see or hear from her! If she can't tell me in my face where she's going, then I wish she would leave a note or something." 
"Yeah that's true Tony."
"Okay, listen Grandma, I'm gonna get ready to call Diane, Teresa and them and let them all know that Dana came home. They told me to call them as soon as Dana walks in the door and I told them I would."
"Alright Tony, you do that. Tell Dana I'll talk to her tomorrow alright?"
"Alright Grandma, I will."
"Now you take care of yourself Tony. Talk to you later." "Alright Grandma. By now." 
"Bye Tony."
Tony hangs up the telephone. He gets ready to call up Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph.
The following Saturday afternoon around 1:00, Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph all get off the elevator and walk towards Tony and Dana's apartment door. They reach the apartment door and ring the doorbell. There is no answer. They ring the doorbell again. They hear someone on the other side of the door, looking through the peephole. The door unlocks, then opens. They see Tony standing behind the door. They all smile and say "Hello" to him.
Tony smiles back and lets them all inside the apartment. As Tony closes the door, Diane D asks him, "Where's Dana?"
"She's in the bedroom right now."
"She is?" Teresa asks. "Is she alright Tony?"
"Yeah Dana is alright. I had just left the bedroom. Dana is lay­ing right on the bed."
"Well me and Teresa would like to see her," Diane D says.
"Well go ahead. I don't think she's gonna be in a talking mood, but I guess you two can go back there. Just knock on the bedroom door before you go in there."
"Okay," Diane D says as she and Teresa start to walk through the hallway towards the bedroom. Diane D and Teresa reach the bedroom door which is halfway opened. They both stop and stand there.  Teresa stands closer to the door opening as Diane D knocks on the bed­room door calling out, "Dana! Dana!" There is no answer. Diane D knocks on the bedroom door again calling out, "Dana! Dana!" There still is no answer. Diane D knocks on the bedroom door a few more times, but there still is no answer. She tells Teresa, "I guess we bet­ter just go on in, huh?" Teresa nervously nods her head in agreement. As Diane D opens the bedroom door, Teresa doesn't move. She just stands there. Diane D looks at Teresa and asks, "What's wrong?"
"After you," Teresa tells Diane D as she points her hand towards the bedroom. Teresa nervously decides to let Diane D walk into the bedroom first. Diane D looks at Teresa. She then walks into the bed­room first. Teresa nervously follows in behind her.
As Diane D and Teresa both walk into the bedroom, they see Dana laying face up on the bed fully dressed. She is dressed in a wide opened lavender blouse over a dark purple tank top. She is also dressed in dark purple leggings. Her hair is all loose out. She is star­ing angrily at the television set, which is on. Diane D approaches Dana and says, "Hey Dana! What's up," as Teresa stands nervously behind. Diane D then asks, "Are you alright, Dana?" Dana does not respond. She just ignores Diane D and Teresa as she angrily stares at the television set. Diane D then sits on the bed right beside Dana. Teresa stunned looks at Diane D's boldness. Diane D asks, "What's wrong Dana?" Dana still does not answer. Diane D turns around towards Teresa and firmly asks, "Teresa why are you standing over there? Come stand over here!" Teresa nervously walks towards Diane D and stands over her. Diane D then turns back around towards Dana and asks, "Dana, why didn't you answer us when we had knocked on the bedroom door just now? Where were you last night and why didn't you show up with Tony at Joseph and Teresa's apart­ment?" Dana continues to ignore Diane D and Teresa, still staring angrily at the television set. Diane D looks up at Teresa. Teresa ner­vously looks down back at Diane D. They are both unaware that Dana has blood stained clothes in a trash bag hidden under her bed. Diane D looks back at Dana and asks, "Dana, what's wrong? You feel sick?" Diane D leans towards Dana and feels Dana's forehead. Teresa stunned looks at Diane D's boldness again. Dana continues to ignore Diane D as Diane D feels her forehead. Diane D then tells Dana, "Well your temper­ature feels normal. Dana, Teresa and I are gonna leave the bedroom right now and go into the living room with the fellows, alright? We'll be back to check on you later, okay?" Dana continues to ignore Diane D and Teresa as she continues to angrily stare at the tele­vision set. Diane D then gets up off the bed. She and Teresa look at Dana as Diane D says, "See you later Dana." Dana continues to ignore Diane D and Teresa.
Diane D starts to walk towards the bedroom door as Teresa ner­vously follows behind her. They reach the bedroom door and take one last look at Dana. She still has her angry eyes set on the televi­sion. Diane D and Teresa then walk out and leave the bedroom. They leave the bedroom door half-open, the way they first found it. They look at each other and don't know what to say. They look back at the half-open bedroom door. Then they walk through the hallway towards the living room. 
Diane D and Teresa come into the living room and join the fellows, who are playing old Motown music on the stereo. Tony then pulls Diane D to the side. He brings Diane D into the kitchen where he can talk to her privately. He then asks, "Diane, do you or Teresa know whether or not if Dana is secretly having an affair? Diane, I know women sometimes keep secrets for each other and they some­times don't tell on one another. Diane, being that you and Dana are very close cousins, I want to know if you know anything or know where Dana be at when she disappears for hours all night long?"
"No Tony. Like I told you before, no one usually knows where Dana be at when she disappears all night long. As far as I know Tony, Dana is not having an affair. I mean if she is having some kind of secret affair, I don't know about it. I don't know where Dana goes or where she be at when she disappears a lot like that. All I know is that she does not be with me."
"I know Dana doesn't be with Teresa either, because I would call up Teresa and Joseph's apartment. They would tell me that Dana is not with them. And you know I call up Dana's family and they would have no idea where she be at either. Diane, when I called up you, Michael, Teresa and Joseph on the phone last night, I told you guys that I got angry with Dana for coming in late and we had a slight argument. I didn't tell any of you what I said to her."
"Well what did you say to her Tony?"
"Well when I had asked Dana where'd she been all night, she told me she had gotten sick and went to the hospital emergency. I screamed at her and told her that she always seems to be getting sick and going to the damn hospital. I told her that she is always going to the hospital without letting anybody know where she is. I told her that I feel like a damn fool when I don't know where she is at times. I told her why don't she use the telephone sometimes and let me know what's going on. She told me that she had called here but I wasn't home. I told her not to hand me that, that she knew where we were all supposed to be at. I told her that she knew we were all sup­posed to be at Joseph and Teresa's apartment. I asked her why did­n't she call over there. Then I accused her of seeing someone else." 
"You did what!"
"Yeah! I accused Dana of seeing someone else! I grabbed at her and she got angry back at me. Then she stormed right into the bed­room and slammed the bedroom door real hard. She has not spoken to me since."
"Well I don't blame her Tony! You shouldn't be coming out accusing her of having an affair anyway! No wonder why she's just laying there on the bed sulking, not saying a word to anybody!"
"Well what else am I supposed to think Diane? Dana comes in all times of the night! And when she is home, she usually sneaks out of the apartment during the middle of the night while I'm asleep! When she has a doctor's appointment, she goes to see the doctor one morning and not come home until the next morning! She doesn't even call me or let me know where she is! What would you do if you were in my shoes Diane?"
"I don't know Tony. I'd probably be pretty upset myself. I'm not sure what I would really do."  Tony continues to talk with Diane D in the kitchen for a while. 
After Tony and Diane D finish speaking, they go back into the living room to join the others. Tony then tells them all, "Listen guys, I'm gonna go into the bedroom to check on Dana. I'll be back in a few minutes."
"Alright Tony," they all tell him.
Tony then walks through the hallway. He goes towards the bed­room door, which is still halfway opened. He opens the door more wider and goes inside the bedroom. He closes the door all the way shut behind himself.
Several minutes pass. Tony does not come back out the bedroom for quite some time. The bedroom door has been closed shut for a while. Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph remain in the living room, continuing listening to old Motown, R&B and some Classic Soul music on the stereo.
An hour has passed. It is after 2:00 PM. Tony still has not come back out of the bedroom yet. Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph start to become worried. They are all worried if Tony and Dana are alright. They all decide to go towards the bedroom door. Michael leads the way through the hallway towards the bedroom door. As they approach the bedroom door, Diane D and Joseph stand behind Michael and are about to knock on the bedroom door, but Michael suspiciously hearing something behind the bedroom door quickly holds up his arms to stop them! Michael signals for them all to keep silent! He pins his ear close to the bedroom door. He listens close to the bedroom door for several seconds. He steps back and whispers to the others, "I could hear the bed moving!"
The others become stunned as Joseph whispers, "What do you mean you could hear the bed moving?"
"Just like I said!  I could hear it moving!"
"What do you mean moving?"
"I could hear it moving a little bit!"
"Moving like in which way? Does it sounds like the bed is rolling across the floor? Or does it sounds like it's bouncing up and down?"
"Bouncing up and down! I could hear the bed bouncing up and down!"
They all become stunned. They start to listen quietly through the bedroom door one by one. Joseph pins his ear to the bedroom door. He listens for several seconds. He steps back and whispers, "Yeah. I could hear the bed moving too. It does sounds like it's bouncing up and down."
Diane D pins her ear to the bedroom door. She listens for several seconds. She steps back and whispers to the others, "You're right. I could hear the bed bouncing too. I think they're both busy in there."
Teresa pins her ear to the bedroom door. She listens for several seconds. She steps back and whispers to the others, "Yeah it's bouncing alright." They all could hear the bed bouncing a little bit. They all continue to stand there with their ears pinned to the bed­room door one by one, listening through the bedroom door for a short while.
Diane D then steps back and whispers, "They're both busy right now. Let's not disturb them."
"Yeah, come on," Michael whispers. "Let's go back into the liv­ing room." They all start to walk back quietly through the hallway. They take one last look back at the bedroom door as they head back towards the living room.
They soon enter the living room and stare at each other in amazement, not knowing what to say. They stay in the living room for a while. They sit in the living room and continue to listen to music on the stereo. Diane D then sees an old Teddy Pendergrass record. She decides to play it on the stereo. She gives a suspicious grin and says, "Oh this song will be a very nice dedication to Tony and Dana." She then plays 'Close the Door' on the stereo.
As they all continue to listen to the music, the telephone rings. They all look at the telephone. Joseph says, "Diane, being that you're Dana's cousin, I think you should answer the telephone."
"Okay," Diane D says. She picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello, who's this Dana?"
"No this is not Dana. This is her cousin Diane."
"Oh hi Diane. This is Susan, Tony's mother."
"Oh hi Susan!" Diane D tells the others, "It's Tony's mother Susan on the phone." She gets back on the phone and asks, "So how are you Susan?"
"Oh I'm alright Diane. I just called to speak to Tony real quick. Is he there?"
"Oh, Tony and Dana are both in the bedroom right now. They have the door closed tight. They've both been in the bedroom with the door closed for quite some time."
"They have the bedroom door closed?"
"Yeah."
"Why? What are they both doing in there? Never mind Diane. I think I have an idea. By the way, what is that song playing in the background?"
"Oh it's Teddy Pendergrass' song, 'Close the Door'"
"Yeah, I see why it's playing," Susan says as she and Diane D start to laugh. "So who else is there besides you Diane?"
"Michael, Teresa and Joseph are here. We're all just waiting for Tony and Dana whenever they decide to come out of the bedroom."
"Okay Diane, just tell Tony to call me back later whenever he's available."
"Okay Susan, I will."
"Thanks Diane. You guys take care."
"Okay you too Susan. Bye." Diane D hangs up the telephone. She turns to the others and tells them, "Tony's mother wanted to speak to him. When I told her that Tony and Dana had both been in the bedroom with the door closed for quite some time, she asked me what were they doing in there? Then she laughed and told me never mind. She just told me to tell Tony to call her back later whenever he's available." The others start to laugh a little.
Joseph then asks, "Hey Diane! Why didn't you just tell Tony's mother the truth?"
"The truth? What truth Joseph? I mean what else am I supposed to tell her?"
"You should have said to her 'Oh hi Susan! I'm sorry, but Tony can't come to the phone right now, because he and Dana are both in the bedroom, bouncing on the bed!'"
They all start to laugh as Diane D says, "I don't think so."
After a while, Diane D says, "I'm hungry! Come on Teresa, let's go into the kitchen and start cooking something to eat." She then asks Michael and Joseph, "Do you guys want something to eat?"
"Now wait a minute Diane," Joseph says. "What do you mean you're going to go into the kitchen and start cooking?"
"Well I'm hungry Joseph! I want something to eat! I haven't eaten all day!" Diane D turns to Teresa and says, "Come on into the kitchen and help me Teresa."
"NOW WAIT A MINUTE DIANE!" Joseph shouts! "JUST HOLD UP! YOU'RE NOT GONNA GO INTO DANA'S KITCHEN AND JUST START COOKING LIKE THAT, ARE YOU?"
"Sure I am. Why not?" Diane D says as she shrugs her shoulders and walks away into the kitchen. Teresa looks at Joseph and shrugs her shoulders. She follows Diane D into the kitchen as Joseph and Michael stare at each other puzzled.
Diane D starts to look into the kitchen cabinets for something to cook. She then tells Teresa, "Oh we better go wash our hands first. Let's go wash our hands in the bathroom," as she starts to walk out of the kitchen.
"Okay," Teresa says as she follows Diane D.
Diane D walks out the kitchen as Teresa follows her. They go pass the living room and go through the hallway, towards the bathroom. As they go towards the bathroom, they see that the bedroom door is still closed tight. They go into the bathroom to wash their hands.
After Diane D and Teresa finish washing their hands, they start to walk back out the bathroom, but before they start to walk back towards the kitchen, Diane D gives Teresa a suspicious grin and whis­pers, "Let's see if we can still hear the bed bouncing."
"Okay," Teresa grins back and whispers. She and Diane D decide to eavesdrop through the bedroom door again. They start to walk silently towards the bedroom door. They stand there with their ears pinned to the bedroom door. They listen for several seconds. They both look at each other in amazement! They cover their mouths with their hands and chuckle silently. They listen again. Diane D steps back and smiles. She signals for Teresa to come and step back. Teresa steps back. She and Diane D start to walk silently away from the bed­room door. They look back towards the bedroom door as they walk through the hallway. They stop as Diane D shockingly turns to Teresa and whispers, "Boy! It sure sounds like that bed is bouncing much harder and faster than before, right?"
"It sure does! Maybe we should go knock on the bedroom door and tell Tony to slow down and take it easy on Dana, huh?"
"Oh Dana is a tough cookie! I'm sure she can handle it," Diane D says as she and Teresa both start to chuckle. Diane D and Teresa take one last look towards the bedroom door. They chuckle again as they continue to walk to the kitchen.
Another hour passes by. It is after 3:00 PM. Tony and Dana still has not come out of the bedroom yet. They have not come out of the bedroom for over two hours now! Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph are still inside Tony and Dana's apartment, cooking, talking, laughing and listening to music. As they all sit in the living room, Joseph tells them, "Hey! It's been two hours! Tony and Dana haven't come out of the bedroom yet! I think we should check up on them again, just to make sure they're both alright!"
"Okay," the others say. They get up off the sofas.
"Let's see if we could still hear the bed bouncing! If the bed is not bouncing, that means Tony and Dana fell asleep. If the bed is still bouncing, that means they're still going at it!"
"Yeah that's true," the others laugh. They leave the living room and walk through the hallway towards the bedroom door. They reach the bedroom door and stop. Michael pins his ear to the door first. He listens for several seconds. He steps back and whispers to the others, "I still hear the bed bouncing!"
"What!" Joseph whispers. "You mean to say they're still going at it?"
"Yeah! I mean that bed sounds like it's bouncing much harder and faster than before!" 
"It does?"
"Yeah. Listen for yourself."
Joseph pins his ear to the bedroom door. He listens for several seconds. He steps back and whispers, "You're right Michael! They're still going at it! Only much stronger like you said! I thought they'd both be tired by now! I thought they probably fell asleep!"
"Well obviously they're not asleep! People that are asleep don't sound like that! People that are asleep don't make heavy bouncing sounds!"
Diane D pins her ear to the bedroom door. She listens for several seconds. She steps back and whispers, "It sounds like they're both very wide awake to me!"
Teresa pins her ear to the bedroom door. She listens for several seconds. She steps back and whispers, "Oh those two are definitely wide awake! Come on everybody! Let's go back into the living room! Let Tony and Dana continue what they're doing!"
"Okay," the others whisper. They start to walk back through the hallway. They enter the living room and sit back down on the sofas. Joseph then says, "You know whenever Tony and Dana decide to come back out the bedroom, they're going to look pretty tired from all that work out!" The others start to laugh.
"Come on Teresa," Diane D says. "Let's go check on the food." Diane D and Teresa get up off the sofa and head towards the kitchen.
As Michael and Joseph remain in the living room, they sudden­ly hear a ring at the front door. They look at each other. They get up from off the sofas and go into the hallway. They look towards the bedroom door. They see the door still shut. Diane D and Teresa then come out of the kitchen. They go into the hallway and look towards the bedroom door also. They also see the bedroom door still shut. The front doorbell rings again. Diane D asks, "Are they expecting any­body?"
"I don't know," Michael says. "Let's find out." He decides to answer the front door and asks, "Who is it?" He cannot quite hear the answer. He decides to open the front door. When he opens the front door, he, Diane D, Teresa and Joseph see four little black girls around 6 to 8 years old selling Girl Scout cookies and some candy. They are carrying big boxes with them. They ask Michael and the others, "Would you all like to buy some Girl Scout cookies and some candy?"
Michael, Diane D, Teresa and Joseph smile at the little girls. Michael and the others look towards the bedroom door again. It is still closed. Michael then asks Diane D and Teresa, "Well would you two like to buy some Girl Scout cookies or some candy?"
"Yeah, we would like to buy some," Diane D and Teresa say.  The little girls step into the doorway.  Diane D and Teresa start to look at the cookies and the candies as Diane D asks, "So what kind of cookies and candies do you all have here?"
The little girls point out and name each of the cookies and candies to Diane D and Teresa. Michael looks towards the bedroom door again. It is still shut. He turns back to the others and says, "Let's not keep the front door open. Why don't you girls come inside real quick, okay?"
The little girls come inside the apartment as Michael closes the front door behind them. Diane D and Teresa put the big boxes of cook­ies and candy on the floor. They get down on their knees and start to look and dig through the boxes of cookies and candy. Teresa smiles at the little girls and asks, "So do you girls come around here often?"
"Once in a while," one of the little girls tells her.
Diane D and Teresa continue to be down on their knees as they look and dig through the boxes of cookies and candy. Michael and Joseph stand behind them, looking on.
After a short while, Michael anxiously asks Diane D and Teresa, "Have you two decided what you wanted yet?"
"No, not yet Michael," Diane D says. "I'm very choosy."
"Yeah, me too," Teresa laughs.
"Hey Teresa," Diane D says. "Why don't we pick out some cook­ies and candy for Dana?"
"Yeah, that's a good idea. Which kind of cookies and candy do you think Dana would like?"
"I'm not sure, but I'm certainly not going to disturb Dana to ask her about it right now, if you know what I mean," Diane D says as she and Teresa start to laugh.
"I don't think Dana eats too much sweets you know," Michael says. "But I guess you two can still pick out something for her if you want."
"Okay Michael. I think I'll pick this one out for her," Diane D says as she picks out a box of peanut butter cookies for Dana.
"And I'll pick this one out for her," Teresa says as she picks out a large chocolate candy bar for Dana.
After Diane D and Teresa both finish looking through the boxes of cookies and candy, they pick out 6 boxes all together. Teresa smiles to the little girls and asks, "How much do we owe you?"
"Twelve dollars," one little girl tells her.
"I'll pay for all the cookies and candies," Joseph says. He hands the little girls some cash. One of the little girls take the cash.
She then gives Joseph back his change and tells him, "Thank you."
"You're welcome."
Michael and Joseph pick up the boxes from off the floor. They hand the boxes back to the little girls. The little girls take the boxes as Michael asks them, "You got it?"
"Yeah, we got it."
"Okay, good," Michael says. He opens up the front door for the little girls and holds it wide open for them.
"Goodbye," the little girls say as they leave the apartment.
"Goodbye," Michael and the others tell the little girls. Michael then closes the front door. Diane D and Teresa bring the cookies and candies into the living room. They rest the cookies and candies down on the side of the coffee table. Teresa goes to Joseph and puts her arms around him, telling him, "Thank you Joseph. Thanks for the cookies and candy."
Joseph puts his arms back around Teresa and tells her, "You're welcome." They both start to kiss on each other. They sit on the sofa and start to snuggle up with each other.
Diane D approaches them and jokingly says, "Hey hey hey, come on now you two! None of that stuff out here! Whenever those two in the back finish doing what they're doing, then y'all two can go back there and take over the bed!" Joseph jokingly throws a sofa pillow at Diane D as they all start to laugh! Teresa gives Joseph another kiss, then gets up. She follows Diane D back into the kitchen.
Another hour passes by. It is after 4:00 PM now. Tony and Dana still have not come out of the bedroom yet. Those few minutes that Tony had mentioned before he left the living room had turned into a few hours! Tony and Dana have not come out of the bedroom for over three hours now! Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph still remain inside the apartment listening to music. Diane D and Teresa had already finished cooking the food. They bring plates of food and drinks out into the living room. They are all about to sit down and eat. Joseph jokingly stands there and says to the others, "Hey! It's after 4:00 now! You know this don't make any kind of sense, but Tony and Dana have been closed up in that bedroom for over three hours now! You know I should go knock on that bedroom door right now and tell Tony, 'Alright enough is enough now! It's time to pull out! We're all getting ready to sit down and start eating'!"
They all start to laugh as Diane D says, "Well they're both kissing and making up for the argument they had last night."
"Well how long does it take to kiss and make up?"
"As long as it takes to make you feel good," Michael jokingly says.
"You know Michael, maybe we should try that with our girls. Do it for three hours straight," Joseph says.
They all start to laugh as Teresa says, "Now wait a minute Joseph, I don't know about all that! Hopefully Tony and Dana will be out here shortly. Now come on you guys, let's eat! Diane and I left Tony's and Dana's plates on the kitchen counter anyway."
They all start to sit down and eat. They are eating and enjoying cheeseburgers, onion rings and large sodas. They continue to listen to music on the stereo as they all eat. Suddenly, they hear the bed­room door opening. They all look up. Diane D wipes her mouth off with a napkin as she jokingly says, "Oh oh, somebody decided to wake up and smell the food." The others start to laugh. They then hear the bathroom door shut. They look at each other. They contin­ue to eat. After a few minutes, they hear the bathroom door opening. Several seconds later, they look up and see a tired looking Dana walking into the living room. They excitingly say, "Hi Dana," as they chew on their food. Dana stops and stares at them. Puzzled, they look at Dana. Diane D says, "Hey Dana, we cooked some food here." Dana firmly and stunned looks at Diane D. Diane D tells her, "Oh don't worry Dana, we saved a plate for you and Tony." Dana con­tinues to stare. Then without saying a word, she walks away right into the kitchen. The others look at each other as they continue to chew on their food. They then hear the bathroom door shut again. They all look at each other again. After a few minutes, they hear the bathroom door opening. A few seconds later, they look up and see a tired looking Tony walking into the living room with his shirt half opened. They excitingly say, "Hey Tony!"
Tony looks at them all and says, "Hey."
"Hey man," Michael says. "Long time no see! Damn you look pretty tired!"
"I am. I thought I smelled food around here."
"Yeah," Joseph says. "Diane and Teresa had cooked us up some of your food."
"Oh yeah?" Tony asks. He looks at Diane D and Teresa and firmly tells them, "Well I hope you two know you're gonna clean that kitchen back up, right?"
"Sure we'll clean it back up Tony," Diane D says.
"Oh Tony, yours and Dana's plates are on the kitchen cabinet," Teresa says.
"Oh yeah? Thanks."
"Hey Tony," Michael says. "What happened to those few minutes you were talking about before you left the living room, huh? Before you had went into the bedroom, you told us all that you were going to check on Dana and that you would be back in a few min­utes! You know those few minutes had turned into a few hours, right?"
"Yeah, I just realized it."
"You just realized it?"
"Yeah."
"You mean you didn't realize the time? You didn't realize you were gone for over three hours?" 
"No."
"Tony how can you not realize the time?" Diane D firmly asks. "How can you not realize that you were gone for over three hours? What happened to you all this time anyway?"
"I got caught up in something!"
The others look at each other and start to laugh as Diane D joking­ly says, "He means he got caught up inside something! And he couldn't get out!"
"You mean he couldn't pull out," Joseph jokingly says as the others start to laugh again. They all look up at Tony as they contin­ue to laugh. Tony stands there and looks at them as they all laugh.
Diane D then gets up. She picks up her plate of food and her glass of soda. She walks over to Tony and says, "Hey Tony, I hope you and Dana didn't fog up that bedroom window too much now." She walks away towards the kitchen as the others start to laugh again. Diane D laughs with her head way up in the air as she goes into the kitchen. Teresa then gets up from off the sofa. She picks up her plate and glass of soda and follows Diane D into the kitchen. Tony closes his shirt all the way and remain in the living room with the fellows.
As the fellows remain in the living room, Diane D comes back into the living room and brings Tony his plate of burgers, onion rings and a glass of orange soda. Tony tells Diane D, "Thanks," as he takes his food and his drink.
Diane D then picks up Michael's and Joseph's plates and says, "Tony as soon as you're finish, I'll come back for your plate."
"Okay Diane," Tony says as Diane D heads back into the kitchen. He starts to eat his plate of food as Michael and Joseph sit on each side him.
"So what happened to you all this time Tony?" Michael asks. "What did you get caught up in?"
"It doesn't matter what he got caught up in Michael," Joseph jokingly says. "As long as he was able to pull out of the situation!" Joseph and Michael start to laugh again. Tony looks at them both, but does not say anything. Joseph then puts his hand on Tony's shoulder and jokingly says, "Don't worry Tony, we forgive you. We forgive you for abandoning us out here for three hours like that, but like they say, a man's got to do what a man's got to do, right," as he and Michael start to laugh again.
Diane D comes back into the living room with a glass of orange soda in her hand. She goes to sit down on the other couch and starts to drink her soda. Joseph looks at her and asks, "Hey Diane, didn't Tony tell you and Teresa to clean that kitchen back up?"
"We'll get started as soon as Tony and Dana finish eating their plates, alright? Anyway Dana says that she'll clean up the kitchen. But Teresa and I are gonna still help her anyway."
"Okay," Joseph says as Diane D starts to sip on her soda again.
"Oh by the way Tony," Diane D says. "Your mother had called around a couple of hours ago."
"She did?"
"Yeah."
"What did she say? Was it important?"
"No, I don't think it was important. She didn't say much. She just wanted to speak to you real quick. I told her that you and Dana had both been in the bedroom with the door closed for quite a while. She just told me to tell you to call her back whenever you're avail­able. We didn't want to disturb you Tony, being that you and Dana were both held up in the room." Michael and Joseph start to laugh again. Diane D then gets back up off the sofa. She goes to the fellows and says, "Okay you guys! Are you all ready for dessert?"
"Well Michael and I are ready for dessert," Joseph says. "Tony already had his dessert." Everyone in the living room start to laugh except Tony. He looks at them all, but does not say a word.
Diane D then says, "Oh! Let me give Dana her cookies and candy." She sets her glass of soda down as she picks up the cookies and candy from off the coffee table. She picks up her glass of soda again as she walks back into the kitchen with the cookies and candy. The fellows continue to stay in the living room.
Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph continue to stay inside Dana and Tony's apartment for the rest of the day until midnight. After a long stay, Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph start to leave the apart­ment and head for home. Tony walks them all to the door. He tells them all, "Good night. I'll see you all next weekend."
"Alright Tony," they all tell him. They then head for the eleva­tor. The elevator arrives and they all go inside. They call out, "Good night Tony!"
"Good night," Tony calls out as the elevator door closes. He then steps back and closes his apartment door.
Later on that night, Tony and Dana lay in the bed together. The room is very dark. Tony is sound asleep with his arms wrapped tight­ly around Dana's body. Dana, who is wide-awake, looks up at the clock. It is after 2:30 in the morning. Dana looks at Tony as he lays asleep against her body. She gently tries to unlock his arms from around her body. She struggles with his arms for several seconds. She finally removes Tony's arms from around her body. She then sneaks out of the bed wearing her pajama top and black leggings. Tony remains asleep as Dana leaves the bedroom.
Around fifteen minutes later, Dana comes back into the bedroom fully dressed. She is wearing a long blue coat, a pair of black jeans, black shoes and the dark brown gloves. She bends down to the floor and looks underneath the bed. She grabs the big black trash bag of bloody clothes that she had hidden underneath the bed. She stands back up and takes one more look at Tony as he lays asleep. She quickly takes the bag out of the room. She quickly but quietly heads for the front door with the black trash bag. She quietly opens the front door, then sneaks out the front door with the black trash bag.
Around two hours later, Dana comes sneaking back into the front door of her apartment without the black trash bag. She doesn't see Tony standing there waiting for her like he usually does. She quickly and quietly closes the front door. She quietly walks towards the bedroom. She peeks her head into the bedroom and sees Tony still sound asleep in the bed. She peeks her head back out the bedroom.
Fifteen minutes later, Dana comes sneaking back into the bed­room, dressed back in her pajama top and black leggings. She stands there in the darkness, staring right at Tony as he sleeps. Then she walks towards her side of the bed and slips right back into the bed with Tony, desperately trying not to wake him up, hoping that he hasn't notice she's been gone. She lays down right beside Tony as he remains sound asleep. So far, Tony has never noticed Dana's absence inside the apartment.




















Chapter 25
Dana's Rage!


The following Monday morning, Dana and Teresa are back on the road again, heading to work. They work their normal day, then they head back home.
Two days later, on a Wednesday morning, Dana and Teresa are driving to work again. Twenty-five minutes later, they reach the back door of the stockroom. Dana, who is dressed in a black turtle-neck shirt with sleeves rolled up to her elbows, a black leather mini skirt, black stockings and black shoes and Teresa, who is dressed in a purple dress and black shoes, walk through the back door as Kenneth lets them both inside. When Dana and Teresa enter the building, Stanley approaches them both and tells them, "Wallace wants to see you two."
Dana and Teresa look at each other. Dana then asks, "Why? What does he want to see us about?"
"Well Ramesh, that Indian fellow, had made a complaint about you two. He told Wallace that you two were stealing and taking items from out of the building! Is that true?"
"What!" Dana says.
"Ramesh told Wallace that you two were taking items from out of the building! Is it true?" 
"No!" Teresa says.
"Well Wallace wants to see you two anyway." 
Dana and Teresa look at each other again. Then they start to walk towards Wallace's office which is on the opposite side of the hall from Stanley's office. Dana and Teresa approach the office door and open it. They go inside Wallace's office. Wallace sees them both and tells them, "Have a seat." Dana and Teresa sit down in the two chairs in front of Wallace's desk. Wallace then says to them, "I want to speak with you two about stealing items."
Dana and Teresa look at Wallace as Dana asks, "Stealing items? What are you talking about?"
"Ramesh reported to me that you two and a few other employ­ees are always stealing and taking items from out of the stockroom, taking items home for your personal use!
"What items are y'all talking about," Teresa asks. "We didn't steal any items!"
"Well according to Ramesh, you two did!"
"Oh yeah? Well what items did he think we took?"
"That's what I'm trying to find out! Listen, if I find out that any of this is true, I would have you all suspended for three weeks with­out pay! I am not going to tolerate this kind of behavior! And if it is true, I will have to postpone the raise that you two and the other employees are supposed to get!"
Dana and Teresa become very upset as Dana tells Wallace, "Teresa and I did not take any items or any other merchandise out of the stockroom!"
"Well Ramesh had reported to me that you two take items out of the stockroom all the time!"
"I don't care what the hell Ramesh reported," Dana angrily says. "Teresa and I did not steal or take any items out of this building!"
"That's right," Teresa angrily says. "And why is Ramesh mak­ing these false accusations anyway?"
"I don't know whether they're false accusations or not," Wallace says. "But still, tell me! Did you two take some brand new tools out of the stockroom, yes or no? I know some brand new tools like a hammer and some screws are missing! I found some of the missing tools in the back office you are working in Dana! Did you two take these tools or didn't you?"
"Yes we took them," Dana says. "But we were only borrowing those tools! We meant to bring the tools back!"
"You're not supposed to take anything out of the building regardless! What were you borrowing those tools for anyway?"
"We needed the tools to fix the rim on Dana's car," Teresa says. "We drive on the highway which has so many potholes on it! Dana accidentally hits the potholes and the potholes would usually bent one of the rims on her car! So we borrow the hammer to bang the rim back into place, that's all!"
"THAT IS STILL NO EXCUSE!"
"WHO DO YOU THINK YOU'RE YELLING AT? WE'RE NOT YOUR CHILDREN!"
Wallace continues to yell! Dana and Teresa yell back, shouting that they didn't steal anything! They both get into a very heated argument with Wallace! Wallace fires them both right on the spot! Teresa shouts, "WHAT!"
"YOU CAN'T JUST FIRE US LIKE THAT," Dana shouts!
"I CAN IF YOU TWO ARE STEALING OR TAKING ITEMS OUT OF THE BUILDING! YOU TWO ARE BOTH FIRED!"
Dana and Teresa become shocked! They can't believe what Wallace just did! Dana then becomes furious! She leaps up out of her chair and throws her arms across the desk, grabbing Wallace by the neck! She lifts him up all the way over to her side of the desk, jerk­ing and squeezing his neck, trying to choke him to death! Teresa becomes shocked and frightened! She stands up and tries to pull Dana's tight grip from around Wallace's neck screaming, "NO DANA DON'T! STOP IT!" She turns towards the door and shouts, "HELP! STANLEY! SOMEBODY! HELP!"
Stanley and all the other employees rush into the office! They are shocked and stunned to see Dana jerking and squeezing Wallace's neck, trying to choke him to death! They all rush to grab Dana's tight grip from around Wallace's neck as Stanley shouts in a calm voice, "LET GO OF HIS NECK DANA. COME ON NOW, LET GO OF HIS NECK." Dana refuses to let go of Wallace's neck! She continues to have a tight grip around Wallace's neck as his face turns red! After a harsh struggle, Stanley and the other employees finally manage to restrain Dana as she angrily lets go of Wallace's neck, dropping Wallace to the floor! Wallace lies on the floor all out of breath! His face is all red! Stanley and the employees surround Wallace and try to help him!
Dana is very bitter! She feels that it is not right that she and Teresa get fired! She has anger built up inside of her! She storms right out of the office! She storms through the hallway and heads towards the stockroom, looking for Ramesh! She enters the stock­room and sees Ramesh! She angrily shouts at him, "YOU SON OF A BITCH! YOU CAUSED ME AND TERESA TO LOSE OUR DAMN JOBS!" Ramesh stands there looking stunned! Teresa, Stanley and the other employees rush to Dana! They start to hold on to Dana and try to calm her down as she angrily shouts to Ramesh, "HOW DARE YOU TELL WALLACE THOSE LIES ABOUT ME AND TERESA STEALING! HOW DARE YOU LIE AND TELL WALLACE ME AND TERESA WERE STEALING TOOLS WHEN WE WEREN'T! HE JUST FIRED US BOTH AND IT'S YOUR DAMN FAULT!" Dana violently pulls away from Teresa, Stanley and the other employees and storms right out of the stock­room! Ramesh continues to look on stunned!
Teresa becomes very upset! She goes to Ramesh, asking, "Ramesh? Is it true that you told Wallace that Dana and I were steal­ing tools when we weren't?"
"Yeah! I had to tell Wallace! I can't let employees get off taking things out of here!"
"We were just borrowing those tools," Teresa angrily says. "By the way, what the hell is it to you anyway? It's not like we were tak­ing anything away from you! Why the hell did you have to make up an accusation like that Ramesh?"
"Because it's my duty to report anyone who I see is stealing items!"
"We weren't stealing anything! We were borrowing them! Try to learn the difference before you open up your mouth and risk other people's jobs, alright?" Teresa furiously storms out of the stock­room!
Fifteen minutes later, Dana and Teresa angrily go out of the building, into the parking lot! They head back into Dana's car! Dana starts up her vehicle and races right out of the parking lot!
That same afternoon, Dana is home with Tony. She is very upset! She is very bitter! She tells Tony that she and Teresa had both gotten fired! Tony hysterically shouts, "WHAT! YOU AND TERE­SA GOT FIRED? WHY? WHAT HAPPENED DANA?"
"WALLACE HAD ACCUSED ME AND TERESA AND A FEW OTHER EMPLOYEES OF STEALING! HE HAD ACCUSED ME AND TERESA OF STEALING ITEMS RIGHT OUT OF THE STOCKROOM AND WE WEREN'T! WE WERE JUST BORROWING THE ITEMS! WALLACE TOLD ME AND TERESA THAT ANOTHER EMPLOYEE HAD REPORTED US!"
"WHAT! ANOTHER EMPLOYEE HAD REPORTED TO YOUR BOSS THAT YOU, TERESA AND A FEW OTHER EMPLOYEES WERE STEALING?" 
"YEAH!"
"WHAT OTHER EMPLOYEE?" 
"THIS GUY NAMED RAMESH!" 
"A GUY NAMED RAMESH?" 
"YEAH!"
"WELL WHAT DID HE REPORT THAT YOU, TERESA AND THE OTHER EMPLOYEES STEAL?"
"HE REPORTED TO THE BOSS THAT TERESA AND I HAD STOLE A HAMMER AND SOME SCREWS AND WE DIDN'T! WE WERE JUST BORROWING THOSE THINGS TO FIX THE RIM ON MY CAR! WE TOLD WALLACE THAT WE PLANNED ON BRINGING THOSE TOOLS BACK, BUT HE SAID THAT WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO TAKE ANYTHING OUT OF THE BUILDING REGARDLESS!"
"AND YOU SAID THAT THIS GUY RAMESH HAD MADE THIS REPORT TO THE BOSS ABOUT YOU AND TERESA STEALING THE HAMMER AND SOME SCREWS?"
"YEAH!"
"WELL WHY THE HELL DID HE HAD TO GO DO THAT FOR?"
"I DON'T KNOW! ALL I KNOW IS THAT AS SOON AS ME AND TERESA WALKED INSIDE THE BUILDING, STANLEY APPROACHED US AND TOLD US THAT WALLACE WANTED TO SEE US! TERESA AND I WENT RIGHT TO WALLACE'S OFFICE! THAT'S WHEN WALLACE ACCUSED US OF STEAL­ING! AFTER HE ACCUSED ME AND TERESA OF STEALING, ME AND TERESA GOT INTO A HEATED ARGUMENT WITH HTM! THEN HE FIRED US BOTH RIGHT THERE ON THE SPOT! I TRIED TO KILL HIM RIGHT THERE TONY," Dana angrily shouts as she bangs her fist against her opposite hand! She angrily storms out of the living room!
Tony follows after Dana! He grabs her and puts his arms around her as he hysterically says, "Now calm down Dana!" He tries to comfort Dana by saying, "Listen Dana, I'll call your boss up and talk to him tomorrow!"
"NO! I DON'T WANT YOU TO TALK WITH MY EX-BOSS! I JUST WANT MY DAMN JOB BACK!" Dana angrily storms away from Tony and storms into the bedroom! Tony becomes frus­trated!   He does not know what to do! He goes to the telephone and calls up Dana's family's home.
The telephone rings inside Gracy and Mike's house. Gracy picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hi Grandma, it's me Tony!"
"Oh hi Tony!"
"Hi Grandma. Grandma I just called because I have some bad news for you!"
"Bad news for me?" 
"Yeah!"
"What bad news Tony? Did something happened to Dana?"
"Yes! She and Teresa had both got fired today!"
"WHAT! WHAT DO YOU MEAN SHE AND TERESA HAD BOTH GOT FIRED?"
"Well Dana just came in the house and told me that a co-worker at her job had reported to the boss that she, Teresa and a few other employees were stealing!"
"A CO-WORKER HAD REPORTED TO DANA'S BOSS THAT SHE, TERESA AND A FEW OTHER EMPLOYEES WERE STEALING?"
"Yeah! And Dana said that she wasn't stealing! She said that she and Teresa were just borrowing the items to fix her car with! She said she told the boss that she and Teresa planned on bringing the items back, but her boss said that they're not supposed to take any­thing out of the building regardless! Oh Grandma, Dana is very upset right now! She told me as soon as she and Teresa walked into their job, Stanley had approached them both and told them that Wallace wanted to see them! Dana said that she and Teresa went right to Wallace's office! That's when Wallace accused them both of stealing! Dana said after Wallace accused her and Teresa of stealing, she and Teresa got into a heated argument with Wallace! Then he fired them both right there on the spot! Dana said she tried to kill Wallace right there!"
"WHAT! SHE SAID THAT?"
"Yeah, that's what she just said!"
"OH MY GOD TONY! YOU KNOW THAT WHENEVER DANA SAYS THAT SHE TRIED TO KILL SOMEBODY OR THAT SHE'S READY TO KILL SOMEBODY, IT IS NOT SOME­THING TO TAKE LIGHTLY! ESPECIALLY WHEN THOSE WORDS ARE COMING FROM HER!"
"I know Grandma! That's why when she said that, I tried to calm her down real quick!"
"I DON'T BLAME YOU TONY!"
"After I tried to calm her down, she stormed right into the bed­room!"
"SHE DID?" 
"Yeah!"
"OH MY GOD! HOLD ON TONY! LET ME JUST TELL THE REST OF THE FAMILY ABOUT THIS REAL QUICK, OKAY?" 
"Okay Grandma!"
Gracy tells the rest of her family about what just happened to Dana and Teresa! Dana's family becomes very upset! They start to feel real bad for her and Teresa! Gracy gets back on the phone and says, "Put Dana on the phone Tony! I want to speak to her!"
"Okay Grandma, hold on." Tony leaves the phone and goes towards the bedroom.
A couple of minutes later, Dana enters the living room. She picks up the telephone and says, "Yeah Grandma!"
"HEY DANA, WHAT'S GOING ON?"
"WHAT'S GOING ON? MY DAMN BOSS JUST FIRED ME AND TERESA TODAY, THAT'S WHAT'S GOING ON!"
"YEAH, TONY JUST TOLD ME! BUT WHY DID YOUR BOSS FIRE YOU AND TERESA?"
"HE HAD ACCUSED ME AND TERESA OF STEALING ITEMS FROM OUT OF THE STOCKROOM! FIRST OF ALL, WE DIDN'T STEAL ANYTHING FROM OUT OF THE STOCK­ROOM! WE ONLY BORROWED THEM!"
"YOU ONLY BORROWED THEM?"
"YEAH!"
"WELL WHAT WAS IT THAT YOU AND TERESA HAD BORROWED DANA?"
"WE ONLY BORROWED SOME TOOLS TO FIX THE RIM ON MY CAR BECAUSE WE HITTED A POTHOLE, THAT'S ALL!"
"WHAT TOOLS DANA?"
"A HAMMER AND SOME SCREWS! WE MEANT TO BRING THOSE TOOLS BACK!"
"THEN WHAT MADE YOUR BOSS THINK THAT YOU AND TERESA STOLE THOSE ITEMS?"
"THIS DAMN GUY THAT WORKS WITH US TOLD WALLACETHAT ME AND TERESA STOLE THE ITEMS, THAT'S WHY WALLACE THINKS WE STOLE THEM!"
"WELL WHO IS THIS GUY ANYWAY? WHAT'S HIS NAME?"
"I DON'T EVEN WANT TO MENTION HIS DAMN NAME GRANDMA! I JUST FEEL VERY PISSED OFF AND DEPRESSED ABOUT THE WHOLE ENTIRE THING!"
"WELL DANA WOULD YOU LIKE TO COME STAY WITH US FOR A WHILE?"
"I DON'T KNOW GRANDMA! I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO!"
"NO? OKAY DANA! YOU HAVE TIME TO THINK ABOUT IT, ALRIGHT? BUT IN THE MEAN TIME, THE FAMILY AND I ARE GOING TO STOP BY YOUR PLACE TO CHECK ON YOU, OKAY?"
"Okay Grandma, I'll be here!"
"Alright Dana! We'll see you shortly, okay? Bye!" Gracy hangs up the telephone.
Around 5:00 that evening, Teresa is home with Joseph. She is very upset! She tells Joseph about what happened at her job. She shouts, "DANA AND I RAN INTO SOME PROBLEMS AT THE JOB TODAY! WE HAD A PROBLEM WITH WALLACE AND THIS GUY NAMED RAMESH!"
"What are you talking about Teresa?"
"RAMESH, THIS INDIAN GUY, HAD REPORTED TO WALLACE THAT DANA AND I WERE STEALING ITEMS FROM OUT OF THE STOCKROOM WHEN WE WEREN'T! WALLACE WANTED TO SEE BOTH ME AND DANA INSIDE HIS OFFICE RIGHT AWAY WHEN WE GOT THERE! THEN HE TOLD US THAT RAMESH HAD REPORTED US BOTH STEALING!"
"Some guy named Ramesh had reported to your boss that you and Dana were stealing?"
"YES! HE MADE A REPORT THAT ME AND DANA STOLE SOME ITEMS FROM OUT OF THE STOCKROOM!"
"What items Teresa?"
"SOME TOOLS!"
"Some tools? You're saying that this Indian fellow named Ramesh had reported to your boss that you and Dana stole some tools?"
"YES!"
"Tools like what?"
"A HAMMER AND SOME SCREWS!"
"A hammer and some screws?" 
"YEAH!"
"Well did you and Dana actually take a hammer and some screws?"
"YEAH! BUT WE WERE ONLY BORROWING THE HAM­MER AND THE SCREWS! WE WEREN'T STEALING THEM!"
"Well what were you and Dana borrowing the hammer and the screws for Teresa?"
"WELL THERE'S A LOT OF POTHOLES ON THE EXPRESSWAY WHERE DANA AND I RIDE ON! DANA SPEEDS A LOT! AND WHEN SHE SPEEDS, ONCE IN A WHILE SHE WOULD RUN RIGHT OVER THE POTHOLES BECAUSE SHE COULDN'T SEE THEM IN TIME! ONE OF THE RIMS ON HER CAR TIRES WOULD HIT THE POTHOLE AND GET BENT OUT OF SHAPE! AFTER THAT HAPPENS, DANA WOULD GET RIGHT OUT OF HER CAR, TAKE THE HAMMER AND BANG THE RIM BACK INTO PLACE THAT'S ALL! THEN SHE WOULD STOP BY THE GAS STATION AND FILL THE TIRE BACK UP WITH SOME OF THE AIR THAT IT LOST! DANA AND I EXPLAINED THAT TO WALLACE AND TOLD HIM THAT WE WEREN'T STEALING THOSE TOOLS! THEN DANA AND I HAD GOTTEN INTO A HEATED ARGUMENT WITH WALLACE! HE FIRED US BOTH RIGHT THERE ON THE SPOT!"
"WHAT! HE FIRED YOU TWO?"
"YEAH!   THEN  DANA  GOT  VERY  ANGRY AND ATTACKED WALLACE!" 
"SHE DID WHAT!"
"YEAH! SHE TRIED TO CHOKE WALLACE TO DEATH RIGHT THERE!" 
"OH MY GOD!"
"IT'S TRUE JOSEPH! I CALLED OUT FOR HELP! THEN STANLEY AND THE OTHER EMPLOYEES CAME RUSHING INTO THE OFFICE, TRYING TO PULL DANA'S GRIP FROM AROUND WALLACE'S NECK! AFTER THEY GOT DANA'S GRIP FROM AROUND WALLACE'S NECK, WALLACE FELL TO THE FLOOR! HIS FACE WAS ALL RED! HE WAS OUT OF BREATH! THEN DANA STORMED RIGHT OUT OF THEOFFICE AND WENT LOOKING FOR RAMESH! SHE SAW RAMESH IN THE STOCKROOM AND GOT VERY ANGRY WITH HIM! THEN SHE STORMED OUT OF THE STOCK­ROOM! AROUND FIFTEEN MINUTES LATER, DANA AND I LEFT THE BUILDING AND CAME HOME! BUT RAMESH USUALLY REPORTS TO WALLACE ABOUT OTHER EMPLOYEES AND THEIR WORK HABITS! THIS TIME, HE MADE A REPORT ABOUT ME AND DANA! HE MADE A REPORT ABOUT ME AND DANA STEALING ITEMS FROM OUT OF THE STOCKROOM AND TAKING THEM HOME FOR OUR PERSONAL USE!"
"WHAT! WHY DID HE HAD TO GO DO THAT FOR?"
"I DON'T KNOW JOSEPH! HE SAYS THAT HE CANNOT LET EMPLOYEES GET OFF TAKING ITEMS OUT OF THE STOCKROOM THAT DOES NOT BELONG TO THEM!"
"REALLY? BUT STILL TERESA, WHAT THE HELL IS IT TO HIM ANYWAY? IS IT HIS DUTY TO REPORT WHAT OTHER EMPLOYEES ARE DOING?"
"NO, BUT HE MAKES IT HIS PERSONAL DUTY! HE TAKES IT UPON HIMSELF TO MAKE IT HIS PERSONAL DUTY!"
Joseph puts his arms around Teresa and tells her, "Don't worry Teresa. I'm here for you. I'll have a talk with your boss tomorrow." 
"Oh you will?"
"Yeah. I'll have a talk with him when I call up your job tomor­row morning."
"Oh thank you Joseph," Teresa says as she puts her arms around Joseph.
Teresa and Joseph continue to wrap their arms around each other. Joseph then pulls back. He looks at Teresa and worriedly asks, "Well how do you think Dana is doing right now Teresa? I know she's still furious!"
"Oh she is Joseph. Oh Joseph, I'm so afraid of what Dana might do next! I'm so afraid that she's gonna get into a rage and go off the deep end!"
"Yeah, me too Teresa. We're gonna have to try to be there for Dana and make sure that she does not do anything drastic."
"I know Joseph. Knowing Dana, she will do something drastic! She tried to choke Wallace to death already and she might try to choke him again!" Teresa worriedly leans on Joseph's shoulder again.  She and Joseph tightly hold on to each other, worriedly think­ing about what Dana might do.

Around 6:00, the telephone rings inside Tony and Dana's apart­ment. Tony picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Tony?” Diane D says.  “It's me! I just heard what happened to Dana and Teresa today!"
"Yeah, it's true Diane!"
"Yeah Grandma just called me and told me about it! Is Dana alright?"
"I'm afraid not Diane! She is very, very depressed!" 
"Yeah I bet she is! Put Dana on the phone Tony! Let me talk to her!"
"Oh Dana is in the shower right now, Diane."
"She is?"
"Yeah."
"Okay Tony! I'll stop by there later on with Grandma, Grandpa and the rest of the family, alright?" 
"Alright Diane. We'll be here."
"Alright Tony! I'm gonna get ready to call up Teresa right now and see how she's doing!"
"Okay Diane. She should be home."
"Okay. Listen Tony, you take care of Dana alright?"
"You don't have to worry about that Diane. I'll take care of Dana."
"Okay Tony! I'll talk to you guys later!"
"Alright Diane. Bye." Tony hangs up the telephone.
Around 7:00, Dana's entire family and relatives are over at her and Tony's apartment. There are around 30 people inside her and Tony's apartment. They had all heard the news about her and Teresa being fired. They all feel very bad for Dana and Teresa. They want to help out in any way they can. Tony tells Dana that he will take care of her and everything else, but Dana will not hear of it! Mike and Gracy offer to pay Dana's bills, but she refuses their help! Sammy and Thomas try to give cash money in Dana's hand, but she throws the cash right back in their faces! She refuses their help! Dana's Uncle Willie tries to shove money down into her pocket, but she lets out steam and shouts, "I DON'T NEED CHARITY FROM YOU, ALRIGHT? I'D RATHER DO THINGS ON MY OWN!"
"Oh Dana, please let us help," Missy begs.
"HEY EVERYBODY," Tony stands there and angrily shouts! "I'M STILL WORKING!  DANA AND I AREN'T THAT BROKE!  I COULD TAKE CARE OF DANA!"
"TONY, IT'S NOT THE POINT WHETHER OR NOT YOU CAN TAKE CARE OF DANA," David angrily shouts! "THE POINT IS THAT DANA IS STILL PART OF OUR FAMILY! WE'RE GOING TO ALWAYS BE HERE FOR DANA WHETHER YOU CAN TAKE CARE OF HER OR NOT, ALRIGHT?"
Tony stands there, not knowing what to say. Diane D stands next to Dana as Dana asks, "Tony did you pick up the mail?"
"Yeah Dana. It's right here on the coffee table," Tony says as he picks up a few pieces of mail from off the coffee table. He hands the mail to Dana. Dana takes the mail and looks through it as Diane D con­tinues to stand beside her, looking on. Dana opens up each mail and looks at them. She comes across the last envelope, which is an urgent letter and opens it up. She takes the letter out and it is a 'TERMINATION NOTICE'! She becomes angry! She bangs her fist real hard against the wall and shouts, "THAT'S IT!" She is about to storm out of the living room, but her family and relatives grab her!
"What is it Dana?" they ask. "What's wrong?"
Diane D shows them all the 'TERMINATION NOTICE'. Dana's family becomes very upset! They try to calm Dana down! They bring her to the sofa and sit her down. Aunt Celeste asks, "Dana is there anything you want or need from us? Just let us know! Is there anything you need or want?"
Dana loses her temper! She bangs her fist real hard against the coffee table as she stands up and angrily shouts, "I DON'T WANT A DAMN THING FROM ANY OF YOU, ALRIGHT?" She angrily starts to walk away from her family and relatives as she shouts, "YOU ALL TREAT ME LIKE I'M SOME KIND OF DAMN CHARITY CASE! I DON'T WANT ANY CHARITY!" She points her finger back towards her family and relatives and shouts, "ALL I WANT IS MY FUCKIN' JOB BACK!" Dana angrily kicks a couple of empty boxes real hard and storms right out of the living room! She storms into her bedroom and slams the bedroom door with a bang so loud and hard that it shakes the walls! Everyone runs to the bedroom door and starts to bang on it, trying to see if Dana is alright! They open the bedroom door. When they open the door, they see Dana lying on the bed face down. They go into the bedroom and walk towards her. They hear her breathing hard in anger! Dana's family and relatives try to talk to her, but she refuses to answer them.  She just ignores them all. Her family stays there in the room with her for a while, trying to calm her down.
After nearly an hour of staying in the bedroom with Dana, Dana's family and relatives decide to leave the room. They all walk out of the bedroom and close the door behind themselves as Dana remains in the room. As Mike leads the family through the hallway, Sammy and Thomas whisper to Tony, "Listen Tony, we're still going to pay Dana's bills whether she knows it or not."
"No," Tony says. "You all don't have to do that!
Mike turns around and angrily shouts, "NOW LOOK TONY!" Everybody nervously stops as Mike continues, "DANA IS OUR FAMILY! NOW WHEN YOU CALLED US UP AND TOLD US THAT DANA HAD JUST LOST HER JOB, WE ALL ALREADY MADE UP OUR MINDS THAT WE WERE GOING TO HELP HER OUT AND BE HERE FOR HER AND THAT'S WHAT WE'RE GOING TO DO! WE ARE GOING TO HELP DANA OUT NO MATTER WHAT, ALRIGHT? GET OVER IT!"
"Alright Grandpa, alright," Tony nervously says.
Mike turns back around and leads the family to the living room. They all start to sit down. They are all concerned about Dana. Gracy then says, "Listen everybody, I want to stay here overnight to keep my eye on Dana. If it's alright with you Tony?"
"Oh sure, you can stay here Grandma!"
"You want me to stay here too Grandma?" Missy asks.
"No, I don't think Tony can put up with all of us staying over here."
"Grandma, you all stayed the night over here before," Tony says. "You can all stay the night over here again."
Dana's family and relatives all smile at Tony as they tell him, "Thanks."
The following Thursday morning, David gets up at Tony and Dana's apartment with the rest of his family. He asks, "Hey Tony, is it alright if I make a long distance call down to Jamaica? I want to call up Christine and tell her about what happened to Dana. I'll pay you for the long distance call."
"Oh don't worry about it Dad. Go ahead and make the phone call."
"Thanks Tony."
David calls up Christine, who is down in Jamaica.
The phone rings inside Christine's house. She picks up the tele­phone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Christine! It's me David! How're you doing?"
"Oh I'm alright David! And yourself?"
"Oh I'm doing okay!"
"Good! So how's everybody doing?"
"Oh everyone is doing fine, except for Dana!"
"Except for Dana?"
"Yeah!"
"Why? What's happening with Dana, David? Is she alright?"
"No Christine, Dana is not alright! She lost her job yesterday!"
"WHAT! DANA LOST HER JOB YESTERDAY?"
"Yes! She and her friend Teresa both lost their jobs yesterday!"
"OH NO!"
"Yes!"
"WHY? WHAT HAPPENED?"
"Oh some employee at their job had reported to the head boss Wallace that Dana and Teresa were both stealing! Then Wallace wanted to speak to Dana and Teresa both! Dana and Teresa told their boss that they did not steal anything! They told their boss that they were just borrowing some items!"
"BORROWING SOME ITEMS? ITEMS LIKE WHAT?"
"Like a hammer and some other tools! Dana and Teresa claimed to their boss that they needed the hammer and tools to fix and bang the broken rim on Dana's car back into place! Their boss Wallace still accused them both of stealing! Then they got into a heated argu­ment with Wallace and he fired them both right there on the spot!"
"OH MY GOODNESS!"
"Yeah, that's what happened Christine!"
"OH MY GOD! WELL HOW IS DANA TAKING THIS WHOLE THING? I KNOW SHE MUST BE REAL DEVASTATED BY THIS!"
"Oh she is Christine!   She's been very depressed and devastated since!"
"WELL I DON'T BLAME HER DAVID! ANYBODY WOULD BE DEPRESSED AND DEVASTATED OVER LOSING A JOB!"
"Yeah, that's why we're all over here with her and Tony! We're all at their apartment right now, trying to help Dana cope!"
"OH YEAH? WELL WHO'S ALL THERE?"
"Me, Mom, Dad, all the kids, Willie, Ronald, Jean, Celeste, Laura, Diane and most of the other grandchildren are here!"
"OH YEAH? WELL WHO IS THIS EMPLOYEE THAT REPORTED DANA AND TERESA STEALING?"
"Well I heard from Tony that it was some fellow named Ramesh! Then Diane told us she called Teresa and spoke with Teresa on the telephone. Teresa told Diane that Ramesh is some Indian fellow that works at her and Dana's job! I heard that this Ramesh had reported several other employees of stealing also!"
"OH YEAH?"
"Yeah!"
"WELL WHY? WHY DID THIS RAMESH FELLOW HAD TO MAKE AREPORT ABOUT DANA AND TERESA STEALING ANYWAY?"
"I don't know Christine! They said that this fellow Ramesh felt that it was his specific duty to report them! I heard that this Ramesh told Teresa that he cannot allow employees to just walk out of the building, taking items out! I hear this guy is always making reports about other employees' work habits!"
"BUT STILL DAVID, WHY DOES THIS FELLOW RAMESH FEEL THAT HE HAS TO RISK OTHER PEOPLE'S JOBS?"
"I really don't know Christine! Whoever this Ramesh is, I just wish he had kept his mouth shut! Because of him, Dana is in this big state of depression! That's why we're all over here, to keep her com­pany! We want to keep our eye on Dana to make sure she doesn't do anything crazy!"
"I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN DAVID! PUT DANA ON THE PHONE! I WANT TO TALK TO HER!"
"Okay Christine. Hold on. I'll go get her." David puts the phone receiver on the side. He goes to get Dana.
Dana soon arrives to the telephone. She picks up the telephone and says, "Hi Mom."
"Hi Dana! How are you feeling?"
"Not too good Mom."
"I know! I heard about what happened with you and Teresa at your job yesterday!"
"Yeah Mom! Our boss fired us!"
"Yeah that's what your father just told me! What happened honey?"
"Wallace had accused me and Teresa of stealing items out of the stockroom! This guy that works at our job had reported us!"
"Yeah I heard! I heard it was some Indian fellow named
Ramesh!" 
"It was!"
"Why did he make a report about you stealing Dana?"
"Because I heard that he saw me and Teresa taking items out of the stockroom! So he reported us!"
"Yeah I heard! He reported you and Teresa taking a hammer and some other tools, right?"
"Yeah! We were just borrowing the hammer and the tools to fix the broken rim on my tire! My car had hit a pothole, the pothole bent my rim out of shape so I needed the hammer to bang the rim back into place!"
"Well did you explain that to your boss?"
"Yeah! Teresa explained it to him also, but that didn't matter to him! He says that we're still not supposed to take any items out of the stockroom! He still kept accusing us of stealing! Teresa and I got very upset with him! We got into a heated argument with him, then he fired us both right there on the spot!"
"Oh Dana! I'm so sorry to hear that! Is there any way you and Teresa can talk to your boss and try to work something out?"
"No Mom, his mind is made up! It's nothing Teresa and I can really do!"
"I'm so sorry Dana! Please try not to upset yourself okay? We'll see what we can do to work something out! You know I'm always there for you! I'll try to call up your boss and speak to him some­how!"
"No that's okay Mom! You don't have to do that!" 
"I know Dana, but I want to!"
"No Mom don't worry about it! I'll just look for another job that's all! I'll find another job."
"Another job? Are you sure Dana?"
"Yeah Mom! I'll find another job! It's time for me to make a change anyway." 
"A change?"
"Yeah. It's about time I get a different job." 
"A different job? You think so Dana?" 
"Yeah. I've been at the same place longer than I planned." 
"Oh yeah? Okay Dana, if that's what you wish and you want to look for another job, I won't speak to your boss then." 
"Thanks Mom."
"Okay Dana. But if you need anything at all, I want you to make sure you call me and let me know right away, okay?" 
"Sure Mom, I will." 
"Good. So are you feeling okay dear?" 
"Yeah, I'm feeling okay Mom." 
"Are you sure?" 
"Yeah. I'm okay."
"Alright Dana, I'll call you back tomorrow, okay?" 
"Okay Mom."
"And I'll call and talk to you next Friday too, alright?" 
"Alright Mom."
"And remember Dana, if you need anything at all, just call me alright?"
"Alright Mom, I will. Take care." 
"You too darling. I love you." 
"I love you too Mom."
"Okay Dana. Take it easy. Talk to you again."
"Alright Mom. By." Dana hangs up the telephone.
Gracy approaches Dana and asks, "So how's your mom doing?"
"Oh she's alright Grandma."
"That's good. How did she take the news about you and Teresa losing your jobs?"
"She took it bad, but I told her not to worry about it. I told her that I'll find another job."
"Well that sounds good to hear Dana! Sounds like you have a lot of confidence in yourself!"
"Yeah, I guess so."
Gracy then gives Dana a warm hug. Dana hugs her grandmoth­er back as her grandmother tells her, "Don't worry about a thing Dana. Everything is going to be alright. You just hang in there, okay?" As Dana's back is facing towards her family and relatives, she secretly gives a firm sinister look straight ahead out the living room window. Thomas, Missy and Londa who are facing Dana's side all notice the sinister expression on Dana's face. They become a little frightened and start to look at each other.
It is two days later now. Dana is still very depressed. She has been very depressed for the past few days. As time goes by, she becomes more and more furious. She tells Tony that she won't be able to pay her bills. Tony tells her, "I'll take care of everything Dana! Please don't upset yourself! Listen Dana, the last thing any of us want right now is for you to upset yourself, okay? Stop worrying about everything right now Dana! I know you're an independent woman and everything and I know you don't like to depend on any­body, but for now, you have to let me take care of the bills, alright? Okay? Dana, all I want for you to do right now is try to relax! Try to rest your mind, alright?" Tony wraps his arms around Dana. Dana wraps her arms back around Tony as he tells her, "I want you to take it easy for right now and get some rest! Try to keep your mind off the situation for a while, okay?" As Tony holds on to Dana, deep down inside, Dana becomes more and more furious, thinking about her ex-boss Wallace and Ramesh.
The following Monday evening, Tony calls up Dana's family on the telephone. He speaks to Gracy and worriedly says, "Hey Grandma, I'm very concerned about Dana! I'm so afraid that she might snap one day and go crazy!"
"Tony, we all feel the same way! We are all really worried about Dana! We all feel that Dana's anger and bitterness might cause her to go crazy ourselves! Where is she right now?"
"Oh she and Teresa had went out job hunting together."
"They went job hunting?"
"Yeah. They had gone out job hunting early this morning. Dana hasn't come back home yet." 
"She hasn't?"
"No. I tried to call up Teresa, but Joseph said that Teresa didn't come home yet either."
"Well we all feel bad about what happened to both Dana and Teresa."
"Yeah I know Grandma."
"Knowing how angry Dana can get, we want to try to cheer her up somehow!"
"Hey Grandma, I have an idea! Dana's birthday is coming up this Saturday right?" 
"That's right!"
"Why don't we all throw her a surprise birthday party?" 
"A surprise birthday party? Oh that's a wonderful idea Tony!" 
"Yeah! Let's throw a surprise party for Dana this coming Friday night!"
"That sounds great Tony!"
"Yeah! I'll have my family, your family, some friends and some of my co-workers come over and we'll throw the surprise party right here in this apartment! That way we'll make sure Dana runs right into the party!"
"That's a great idea Tony! I'll let the rest of the family know about it, alright?"
"Alright Grandma! I want to have everything set up by Friday evening!"
"Okay Tony! I'm gonna tell the rest of the family about it now! Hey Tony, why don't you come over here so we can all discuss set­ting up the surprise party and everything!"
"Alright Grandma! That sounds like a good idea! I'll be there in a little while, okay?"
"Okay Tony!"
"Talk to you later Grandma!"
"Okay Tony! Bye!" Gracy hangs up the telephone.
Around an hour later, Tony arrives at Dana's grandparents' home. Gracy turns to the family and says, "Hey everybody! Tony and I are planning a big surprise birthday party for Dana!" Dana's family and relatives become all excited, but her siblings strangely look at each other. They listen on as Tony, their grandparents, their aunts, their uncles, their cousins and their other relatives all talk about planning the upcoming surprise party! Gracy continues, "Dana doesn't know about this party yet, so we all have to keep it a secret from her, alright?" Tony and Dana's relatives excitingly agree! They continue to talk about the surprise party for a while.
As Tony and Dana's relatives continue to talk about the surprise birthday party, Gracy goes into the kitchen. Sammy, Thomas and Missy get up from their seats and follow their grandmother into the kitchen. They approach their grandmother as Sammy nervously says, "Grandma, I don't think it's a good idea to throw a surprise birthday party for Dana!"
Gracy looks at Sammy and asks, "What do you mean Sammy? What do you mean it's not a good idea to throw a surprise birthday party for your sister? Why not?" Sammy nervously looks at Thomas and Missy as they nervously look back at him. Gracy asks, "What's going on? What do you all want to tell me?"
Thomas says, "Grandma, the last time we tried to throw a sur­prise party for Dana, a terrible tragedy happened!"
"A terrible tragedy?"
"Yeah!"
"What terrible tragedy? What are you talking about?" 
Sammy whispers, "Grandma, we had never told you or anybody else in the family about this before, but when we were all down in Jamaica several years ago, staying at Grandpa Winston and Grandma Marie's house, Dana was very depressed around that time also. She was in a very bad mood. So we all tried to cheer her up by throwing a surprise party for her there! Mom, Dad, Grandma Marie, Grandpa Winston, Uncle Harold, Uncle Alan, Aunt Patricia, Mom's other relatives and the rest of us all got together to throw a surprise party for Dana! We had everything organized and ready for the sur­prise party that night! We had a lot of people there at Grandpa Winston and Grandma Marie's house. We had invited a lot of Mends there and got the surprise party started. Then we waited around and partied all night long, waiting for Dana to show up at the house! When she finally showed up and walked inside the house, everyone yelled 'Surprise!' Dana was surprised alright, but it didn't make her happy! It only got her angrier! She just looked at everybody! Then without saying a word, she just walked right back out of the house! We all just stood there wondering what the heck was that all about! Everybody in the house just stood there and looked at each other! We all stood there and looked at each other for a while, not knowing what to say! Then all of a sudden, Dana came in through the back door with an ax!"
"WHAT!" Gracy shockingly whispers!
"Yeah Grandma," Thomas whispers. "Everybody turned around and saw Dana coming with that ax! People started panicking! Then Dana came running right towards everybody and chased everybody out of the house with the ax! She actually swung the ax right towards the people Grandma! The people were screaming and running out of the house like crazy! They were running for their lives! A lot of the people fell and toppled over each other! Some of them fell and hit their heads on the steps and on the ground! It was a terrible stampede Grandma!"
"OH NO!" Gracy shockingly whispers!
"Yes, it's true Grandma," Missy whispers. "Dana actually tried to hit those people with that ax, but Sammy, Thomas, Dad, Uncle Harold and Uncle Alan all grabbed Dana and stopped her just in time! She never got a chance to use that ax on anybody!"
"No?"
"No!"
"Well thank God! How many people were at this party any­way?"
"Around 60 or 70 people," Thomas says.
"WHAT! 60 OR 70 PEOPLE? DID ANYBODY GET HURT FROM THAT STAMPEDE?"
"A lot of people got hurt from that stampede Grandma," Sammy whispers. "Eight people got killed!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah Grandma," Thomas whispers. "Eight people died from that terrible stampede! Some got stomped to death, and the others hit their heads on the ground when they fell!"
"Oh my God," Gracy cries as she is about to fall out! Sammy and Thomas quickly catch her! Gracy says, "I didn't know any of this! Oh my God! I don't believe this!"
"It's true Grandma," Missy cries. "Eight people got killed!"
"Oh my Lord," Gracy shockingly cries. "Oh my Lord!"
"I'm sorry we had to tell you this Grandma," Thomas says. "But we think you should know about it!"
"Oh my God! Oh my God! Well who were the eight people that were killed?"
"It was five guys and three women," Sammy whispers. "One of the guys' name was Gus, the other one was Henry, the other guy was George, another guy was Billy and the other guy was Scott! The women's names were Jolene, Francis and Tiffany."
"WHAT," Gracy cries! "Those people died from the stampede?  Oh those poor people! Oh my God! You mean to tell me that those people tried to celebrate a nice event for Dana and they lost their lives for it? Oh my God! Well what ever happened to Dana after that? Did she get arrested?"
"Yeah," Sammy whispers. "The police arrested Dana and sent her to jail! She was in jail for a month until her court date! When she went to court, she and her lawyers had turned the whole entire thing around and charged that those people were trespassing!"
"TRESPASSING?"
"Yeah Grandma," Thomas whispers. "Dana's lawyers claimed that Dana was only protecting her home! So she got off!"
"She got off? Oh my God," Gracy cries. "This is unbelievable! Why didn't any of you tell me about this before?"
"We didn't want to upset or frighten anybody about this Grandma," Thomas whispers. "That's why we kept it to ourselves!"
"After all these years, you all waited until now to tell me about this?"
"Grandma," Sammy whispers. "Being that you are all planning a surprise birthday party for Dana, we decided to tell you this right now to warn you! We didn't want to say anything in front of Tony because throwing this surprise party for Dana and trying to make her happy really seems to mean a lot to him! We didn't want to spoil Tony's happiness Grandma, being that he suffered a lot emotionally when Dana was locked up in prison!"
Gracy sadly looks at her grandchildren. She asks, "Well, what are we going to do now? Shall we just call the whole thing off?"
"I really don't know Grandma," Sammy whispers. "Like I said, this whole party thing really seems to mean a lot to Tony. He truly loves Dana Grandma."
"Yeah I know."
Uncle Willie soon pops his head and shoulders into the kitchen and asks, "Hey! Aren't you all gonna come back out in the living room to talk about the surprise party? Come on! Let's go!"
"Okay Willie," Gracy says. "We'll be out there!"
Willie pops his head and shoulders back out of the kitchen. Gracy and her grandchildren sadly start to leave the kitchen and head back into the living room. When they enter back into the living room, they do not see Tony around anywhere. Gracy asks, "Where's Tony?"
"Oh Mom," Celeste excitingly says. "Tony said that he was gonna go to the bakery to purchase a $50 dollar birthday cake for Dana's surprise party!" Gracy, Sammy, Thomas and Missy become stunned. They look at Robert and the triplets as Robert and the triplets sit in the living room, looking back at them. Robert shrugs his shoulders to them. Aunt Celeste continues, "Mom, Tony is real­ly excited about having this surprise birthday party for Dana! You know this is the first time in a long time that I've really seen Tony excited like this! Especially after those nervous breakdowns he's had! Oh Mom, having this surprise birthday party for Dana is gonna really make Tony very happy! I just hope it makes Dana happy." Gracy sadly smiles at Celeste. Celeste then walks away. Gracy looks at her grandchildren as they look back at her.
"I guess we better plan the surprise party, huh?" Sammy sadly asks. Gracy sadly nods her head yes.
Gracy looks at Robert and the triplets and tells them, "You all come here for a minute!"
Robert and the triplets get up from their seats and walk over to their grandmother. Gracy then brings all seven of Dana's siblings into the kitchen. She whispers to Robert and the triplets, "Listen you all! Sammy, Thomas and Missy just told me about what happened back in Jamaica several years ago, when you were all staying down at your Grandpa Winston and your Grandma Marie's house! When you all threw a surprise party for Dana! The time she walked into the house, then just walked right back out of the house, then came back inside the house with an ax! Sammy, Thomas and Missy just told me how Dana chased everybody out of the house with that ax! They told me Dana actually swung the ax at those people! They told me about the terrible stampede that lead to eight people's death! They told me that eight people died from that terrible stampede! They just told me everything!"
"Yeah it's true Grandma," Robert whispers. "We didn't want to tell you or anybody else in the family about this tragedy because we didn't want to upset or scare anybody!"
"Well that does pretty much scare me! Listen guys, for Tony's sake, we still might have to plan this surprise party for Dana, but this time, we're just gonna have to be prepared!"
"Alright Grandma," Sammy and Thomas whisper.
Gracy points her finger as she firmly whispers, "Now Sammy and Thomas, being that you two and your father were able to stop Dana with that ax, you three will have to be prepared to stop her again, just in case she decides to do something crazy again, alright?"
"Alright Grandma."
"Now while the surprise party is going on and we get any word that Dana is about to walk right through her front door, you two and your father will have to hide right near that front door to grab and hold on to Dana, just in case she decides to go crazy and start attack­ing people! You two and your father can stop her in time, okay? And while you guys are holding on to Dana, I will have me and your grandpa get everybody out of the house safely, okay?"
"Okay Grandma."
"Good! Oh I hope everything goes alright!" 
"We all do Grandma," Missy says. "We all do!" 
"Now Grandma," Sammy whispers. "You cannot mention this to anybody!"
"I won't mention this to anybody but your father, and your grandfather!"
"WHAT!" Dana's siblings shout! 
Gracy angrily points her finger as she whispers, "Yeah! I'm gonna have a word with your father about this! I think he should have told me about this! I think he should have told me and your grandpa about this! Come on! Let's go back into the living room!" Gracy leads her grandchildren back into the living room as the rest of the family continue to plan the upcoming surprise party.
The next day on a late Tuesday afternoon, it is the end of the work hour at the stockroom. It is around 5:30 PM. All the employ­ees are now leaving out of the building of the stockroom. They all head towards their cars, out in the parking lot. Wallace soon comes out of the building. He goes to his car, gets inside and starts up the engine. He backs up his car and starts to pull off. He then drives his car towards the driveway exit and enters his car out into the street.
As Wallace drives his car down the street, a dark blue car appears in the distance. It drives up the street. It secretly starts to fol­low Wallace's car down the street. Wallace starts to drive home. He drives towards the Tri-Boro Bridge. He then passes over the Tri-Boro Bridge and drives through Manhattan. He drives through Manhattan, towards the George Washington Bridge. He then goes over the George Washington Bridge, towards New Jersey, totally unaware that a dark blue car is following him.
Wallace enters New Jersey and continues to drive. After a while, he reaches his hometown in Garfield, New Jersey. He starts to drive towards his neighborhood. He soon reaches his neighborhood and drives down the street of his block. He finds a parking space in front of his house and parks his car. The dark blue car appears at the edge of his street. It sits and waits there for a while. Wallace gets out of his car. He leaves his car and walks towards his house. He reaches his house, unlocks the front door and enters his home. The dark blue car drives up the street. It slows down as it passes by Wallace's house. It then picks up speed and leaves the area!
The next day on a late Wednesday afternoon, all the employees at the stockroom are leaving the building. They all head towards their cars, out in the parking lot. Wallace soon comes out of the building with Ramesh. Wallace soon leaves Ramesh and goes to his car. Ramesh then goes to his own car. He unlocks his car door, gets inside the car and starts up the engine. He then pulls off. He heads towards the driveway exit and enters out into the street.
As Ramesh drives his car down the street, the same dark blue car appears in the distance again. It had returned near the job. It starts to drive up the street.  It secretly starts to follow Ramesh's car down the street. Ramesh drives towards the Tri-Boro Bridge. He passes over the Tri-Boro Bridge and drives into the Bronx. He is totally unaware that a dark blue car is following him.
Ramesh drives into the Bronx for a while. He soon reaches his neighborhood and drives down the street of his block. He parks his car down the street. The dark blue car appears at the edge of the street. It sits and waits there for a while. Ramesh gets out of his car. He leaves his car and walks towards an apartment building. He reaches the apartment building and enters the front door. The dark blue car then drives up the street. It slows down as it passes by Ramesh's apartment building. It then picks up speed and leaves the area!
Two days has past. It is 3:00 Friday afternoon. Dana is about to leave her apartment. She goes into the kitchen where Tony is cook­ing and says, "Tony, I'm going to do some shopping. I'll be back later."
Dana is about to leave the apartment as Tony quickly tells her, "Hey wait a minute Dana! I'll walk you outside to the car." Dana waits for Tony as he goes to grab a light jacket from out of the coat closet. Tony then follows Dana out the front door.
After a short while, Dana and Tony soon approach Dana's car. Dana unlocks her car door and opens it. Tony kisses Dana as she gets into her vehicle. He closes the car door behind her. Dana starts up her car engine and rolls down the car window as Tony bends to the window. Tony tries to comfort Dana as he massages and strokes on her long black hair. He then asks, "So what time will you be back home?"
"Oh I don't know Tony. I'm not sure. I plan to do a lot of shop­ping, so I probably won't be back home until around 9:00 or 10:00." 
"Okay Dana. I'll see you later alright?" 
"Alright Tony."
"Now don't be too long Dana. I'll be waiting up for you." Tony leans his head inside the car window and gives Dana another kiss. He then leans back out the window and steps back away from the car. He waves goodbye to Dana as she starts to pull off. Tony watch­es Dana's vehicle as it heads down the street. He then sees her vehi­cle disappear around the corner. He starts to walk back towards his building.
Around 10 minutes later, Tony is back inside his apartment. He gets on the telephone and calls up Dana's family. Celeste answers the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello Aunt Celeste?"
"Yeah Tony! What's up?"
"Okay you guys can come over here now and get the surprise party ready! Dana is gone! She had left around 10 minutes ago! She said she was gonna do some shopping and won't be back home until around 9:00 or 10:00!"
"Okay Tony! We'll be there!"
"Okay, good! Now I have to go to the bakery to pick up the cake! It's supposed to be ready today! I'll be back with the cake by the time you all get here!"
"Sounds good Tony! We'll be there in a little while!"
"Alright! See you all later!"
"Alright Tony! Bye!"
"Bye." Tony hangs up the telephone. He goes to the front door and leaves out of the apartment.
Dana is now driving all the way across town on the highway! She drives through Queens towards Long Island City. She then dri­ves around Long Island City to find a parking space where she can safely park her vehicle. Dana soon parks her vehicle in a safe spot. She sits inside her vehicle for a while as she tries to slip on the black hat and the long black jacket. She then goes into her jacket pocket and takes out a pair of black gloves. She slips on the pair of gloves. She has something terrible in mind. She is starting to go mad.
Dana then gets out of her vehicle and walks around a few blocks, trying to disguise herself. She decides she wants to steal a car. She walks around for a while, looking for a car to steal. She happens to see an unattended cab that is left running at the gas station. She sees the cab driver at a pay phone with his back halfway turned away from the cab. Dana decides she wants to steal the cab. She does not want to use her car. She does not want any incidents traced back to her, so she makes a run for the cab! She reaches the cab and gets inside of it! She closes the door and speeds off real quickly! The cab driver sees his cab speeding off! He starts to scream and run for his cab, but his cab is already too far off!
Dana drives the cab towards her old job at the stockroom. She soon reaches near her old job and parks the cab way at a distance. She then sits and waits in the cab for a while.
It is now 5:30 PM. It is the end of the work hour at the stock­ room. The employees at the stockroom leave the building and head to their cars out in the parking lot. Wallace leaves the building and goes to his car. He gets inside the car, turns on the engine and pulls off. He heads towards the street and exits out of the parking lot. He drives his car down the street. The cab's engine starts up and starts to head down the street also. It secretly starts to follow Wallace's car as he drives his car to the highway. Wallace drives his car on the highway towards the Tri-Boro Bridge again. He drives across the Tri-Boro Bridge towards Manhattan, drives through Manhattan towards the George Washington Bridge. Wallace then drives his car over the George Washington Bridge towards New Jersey. He reach­es New Jersey and drives towards Garfield. He is unaware that a cab is following him.
It is 6:30 PM now. Wallace reaches Garfield and drives towards his neighborhood. As he drives towards his neighborhood, the cab speeds quickly around a corner! It takes a quick short cut towards Wallace's neighborhood! It drives to Wallace's neighborhood beat­ing him there! The cab then sits a block away from Wallace's house and waits around for a while.
Wallace drives his car to his neighborhood. He finds a parking space and parks his car on the opposite side of the street away from his house. He gets out of his vehicle and starts to walk across the street to his house. As he is walking across the street, the cab gets into high gear! It starts to speed right towards Wallace! Wallace sees the cab racing towards him! He stands there in fright as the cab speeds and slams right into him, flipping him into the air! Wallace lands on the street in front of the cab, then the cab runs right over him! The cab keeps on going! It does not stop! It continues to speed off! It is a hit-and-run! Wallace lays in the street all covered in blood! He is unconscious! People start to come out of their houses! They see Wallace laying in the street covered in blood! They see blood everywhere! They see a cab speeding far off into the distance! A crowd starts to gather around Wallace! His wife soon comes out of the house! She sees her husband lying on the street, in a pool of blood! She starts screaming at the top of her head! Everyone is all frantic!
The police and the paramedics soon arrive! They are all over the scene! The police start to question the neighbors, asking them did they see anything! No one seems to have seen anything! The only thing people seem to have seen was a cab speeding off into the distance!
Wallace's wife is still screaming and crying all over the place! She is very hysterical, afraid her husband might die! The paramedics soon lift Wallace onto a stretcher, then put him into an ambulance. Wallace's wife, still hysterical, gets into the ambulance also! The ambulance then speeds off and hurries Wallace to the hospital! Some neighbors get into their vehicles and quickly follow behind the ambulance!
The ambulance soon arrives to the hospital! The paramedics pull the stretcher out of the ambulance and bring Wallace into the hospi­tal! Everyone is crying and screaming all over the place!
It is now 7:00 PM. Back in Queens, Dana's family and her many relatives are all there inside her and Tony's apartment. Dana's fami­ly members include her father, her grandparents, all her siblings, all her aunts, all her uncles, her great aunts, her great uncles and many cousins. Tony's family members are there, including his parents Susan and Larry, his brother, his sisters, his grandparents and sever­al of his other relatives. There are around 30 people inside the apart­ment. They all want to get things set up for the surprise party. They are preparing for the party and are expecting Dana to arrive home later.
As Tony's family and Dana's family and relatives set up the food and the gifts, Gracy goes to all of Dana's siblings. She pulls all seven of them to the side and tells them all to come into the bedroom. She gets them all together in the bedroom and closes the door. She whis­pers to them all, "Now listen up you guys! We cannot allow what happened back in Jamaica to happen again! We cannot allow Dana to try to attack anybody! Dana might have not gotten the chance to use that ax on anybody back in Jamaica, but we don't want her to wind up trying to use any weapons this time! We have to get rid of any possible dangerous or deadly weapons that's here in this apart­ment!"
"Dangerous or deadly weapons?" Robert asks. 
"Yes!"
"Like what Grandma?"
"Like knives, hammers, glass bottles, anything that can be used as a dangerous or deadly weapon! We have to hide them all! Now Missy, I want you and Robert to go into the kitchen and take any possible dangerous or deadly weapons out of the kitchen! If you two find anything in that kitchen that can be used as a dangerous or dead­ly weapon, I want you to bring it and hide it all inside the bottom bathroom cabinet, alright?"
"Alright Grandma," Missy says. She and Robert start to head out of the bedroom. They then head for the kitchen.
Gracy says to the triplets, "Listen girls, I want you three to go into the hall closet! Get any possible dangerous or deadly weapons out of there! If you find anything and I mean anything in that closet that can be used as a dangerous or deadly weapon, I want you to take it out of the closet and hide them all inside the bottom bathroom cab­inet too!"
"Okay Grandma," Londa says. She, Landa and Linda start to head out of the bedroom. They then head for the hall closet.
Gracy tells Sammy and Thomas, "I want you guys to go into the living room and see if you can find any possible dangerous or dead­ly weapons in there! If you find anything, just bring it and hide it all inside the bottom bathroom cabinet!"
"Grandma will everything fit inside that bathroom cabinet?" Thomas asks.
"I hope so! If not, then we'll just have to find another hiding spot."
"Okay Grandma!" Thomas then follows Sammy out of the bed­room. They go through the hallway and pass by the triplets as they head towards the living room.
Sammy asks the triplets, "Did you find anything?" The triplets take out a couple of large hammers, screwdrivers and a couple of pairs of scissors. They show them to Sammy and Thomas. Sammy says, "Okay good. Just hide them inside the bathroom cabinet." He and Thomas continue to head towards the living room.
Missy and Robert are in the kitchen, looking around the crowded kitchen as the rest of Dana's relatives and Tony's family prepare the food. Missy and Robert secretly look through all the cabinets. They start to take a couple of large glass ketchup bottles and glass syrup bottles out of the cabinets. They then look through the draw­ers and take out a couple of large knives. Aunt Celeste licks her fin­gers as she looks at Missy and Robert. She asks, "What are you two doing? What are you looking for?"
Missy and Robert nervously look at each other. Missy then looks at Aunt Celeste and says, "Oh nothing Aunt Celeste. We're just try­ing to help you guys set up for the party that's all."
"Okay! Why don't you two help set up the table."
Robert and Missy look at each other again. They slowly start to set up the table as they secretly try to continue their search. As they set up the table, Missy secretly hands Robert the heavy ketchup bot­tles and syrup bottles. Robert puts them into an empty plastic box. Missy then hands Robert the couple of large knives. He also puts them into the plastic box.
Sammy and Thomas are in the living room, looking around through the crowded living room. Thomas whispers, "Well Sammy I don't see any possible dangerous or deadly weapons in here. Let's go back into the bedroom and check in there."
Sammy starts to follow Thomas towards the bedroom. They go pass the bathroom and see the triplets inside, bending down hiding stuff inside the bottom bathroom cabinet. Sammy stops and asks, "So how is everything going? Did y'all find a lot of things?"
The triplets stand back up as Landa says, "Yeah, we found sev­eral things."
Gracy soon comes to the bathroom door and asks, "Did y'all get everything?"
"Yeah Grandma," Linda says. "We got everything we could find."
"Okay! Let me see," Gracy says as she walks to the bathroom cabinet. She bends down and looks all inside the bathroom cabinet and sees a whole bunch of possible dangerous and deadly weapons inside. She then says, "Good!" She stands back up and turns to her grandchildren, saying, "I already checked the bedroom. I didn't find anything in there that could be used as a weapon."
Missy and Robert then show up at the bathroom door. They show up with the box of the large ketchup bottles, syrup bottles, large knives and other possible dangerous or deadly weapons. Robert hands them over to Sammy. Sammy takes them and puts them all inside the bathroom cabinet. Sammy holds the cabinet door open as they all stand there, amazingly looking at the possible dan­gerous or deadly weapons inside the bathroom cabinet! Sammy then takes a bathroom towel and covers all the possible weapons with it so Dana won't see or notice them. He then closes the cabinet door. He turns to the others and nervously says, "Let's hope everything goes well."
Everyone nervously stares at him. Gracy then says, "Okay, let's get out of here." They all leave the bathroom. Gracy then says, "I'm gonna go into the kitchen and help out with the food."
"Alright Grandma," Sammy says.
Gracy walks away towards the front. She goes pass the living room and sees her son David in there. She goes to David and angri­ly whispers, "You know David, I still wish that you would have told your father and me about the incident with Dana and that ax! I wish you had told me about the deadly stampede and everything! I shouldn't have to hear it from the kids! You should have told me!"
"I know I should've told you about it before Mom. Like we said, we didn't want to upset or scare anybody!"
"You know when the kids had told me about that incident with Dana and the ax, I was about to call this whole entire thing off! But I realize how much this all means to Tony! We didn't want to let him down, because we all know how much he truly loves Dana! We know he's been through a lot with all the nervous breakdowns that he's had! We're actually doing this for both him and Dana!"
"Yeah I know Mom. Like I said before, I'm very sorry for not telling you and Dad about the incident with the ax. I'm very sorry Mom."
"Okay good. Now that we got that out of the way, are there any other secrets or incidents about Dana that you're not telling me, or that you're keeping from me and your father?"
David looks at his mother. He starts to think about the mainte­nance man. He quickly tells his mother, "No! There's no other secrets or incidents about Dana, Mom."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes Mom, I'm sure! Why?"
"Because knowing Dana, I was just wondering if there could be any other possible secrets or incidents about her that none of you are telling me about!"
"No! There's no other secrets or incidents about Dana, Mom! None at all!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yes Mom! I'm sure!"
"Okay David. Come on. Let's get this party started." 
"Okay Mom."
Gracy walks away as David follows after her. Gracy then turns around to David and firmly whispers, "Now David, whenever Dana enters through that front door, you, Sammy and Thomas better be prepared to grab her again and stop her this time just in case she decides to do something crazy! You, Sammy and Thomas are gonna hold on to Dana while me and your father try to get everybody out of the house safely, alright?"
"Alright Mom. We'll be prepared."
"Okay." Gracy then walks off towards the kitchen as David con­tinues to follow after her.
Back in New Jersey, Dana continues to speed off with the cab! She races off with the cab towards the bridge! She is heading back to New York! She goes over the George Washington Bridge towards Manhattan, drives through Manhattan towards the Tri-Boro Bridge! She drives over the Tri-Boro Bridge back to Queens! She continues to drive the cab to an isolated area! She then parks the cab and gets out of it. She leaves the cab and abandons it.
A half-hour later, Dana is back at her car again! She unlocks her car door and hops inside her car! She turns the engine on and pulls off! She starts to drive her car down the street towards the highway. She enters the highway and drives towards the Tri-Boro Bridge again. She passes over the Tri-Boro Bridge. This time, she is head­ing towards the Bronx!
Dana reaches the Bronx and drives through the Bronx for a while. She is still wearing the black hat, the long black jacket and the black gloves. She soon comes across Ramesh's part of town! She drives her car to a safe area and parks it. Before she gets out of her vehicle, she grabs a large hammer from under her car seat! She puts it in a plastic bag. Dana then gets out of her vehicle. She goes to the trunk of her car and opens it up. She takes out a large stuffed trash bag. She closes her car trunk and carries the trash bag as she firmly and angrily walks away.
Dana is very furious! She walks for several blocks! She then approaches Ramesh's neighborhood. She is coming closer to Ramesh's address! She tries not to be seen! She then stands and hides around an isolated corner, waiting for Ramesh to show up!
It is now 9:00 PM. It is dark outside. Back in Queens, the sur­prise party is still going on inside Tony and Dana's apartment. More people had showed up! Missy's friend James is there, so are the triplets' friends Chad, Rick and Terrance. Sammy's girlfriend Darlene is there, so is Thomas' girlfriend Mandy. There are now around 50 people inside the apartment! They had all brought gifts and food! There are lots of gifts and balloons inside the living room! There are very large gifts stacked up in a corner and banners hang­ing all around the walls with big words that read, 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY DANA! WE LOVE YOU!' There are lots of food inside the kitchen! There is also a big long birthday cake sitting on the kitchen table with words that read, 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY DANA!' There are around 25 people standing around the kitchen table, looking at the big long birthday cake! Tony's mother Susan says, "You know I hope this party will cheer Dana up and finally make her happy!"
"OH IT'S GONNA CHEER DANA UP AND MAKE HER HAPPY ALRIGHT!" Aunt Celeste shouts! "I MEAN WE ARE GOING TO CRACK A SMILE ON THAT FACE OF HERS IF IT'S THE LAST THING WE DO!" Everyone starts to laugh and cheer except for Gracy and all of Dana's siblings. They all nervously look at each other as everyone else continues to laugh and cheer!
Everyone then leaves the kitchen and head towards the living room! They start to party! Music starts to play! The people start to entertain themselves! They start to dance to the latest tunes, R&B and Classic Soul music! Everyone at the party continues to laugh, dance and listen to the music as they wait for Dana's arrival.
As everyone at the party is talking, laughing, dancing and hav­ing a good time, suddenly there is a ring at the doorbell. Tony goes to answer the door. He opens the door and sees Diane D, Michael, Teresa, Joseph and around 9 or 10 other people, including some of his co-workers! They are all already smiling and dancing! Their hands are full of food and gifts! Tony smiles and tells them all, "Come on in!"
Diane D happily goes inside the apartment as the rest of the crowd happily follows in behind her! Tony closes the front door as Thomas leads Diane D, Teresa and the few women that came in the door with them towards the many gifts that are stacked in the living room cor­ner. One of the people, a black woman around her early 30's turns to Tony and happily asks, "So when's the party girl supposed to arrive?"
"Oh I'm not sure yet Charlotte! I hope real soon! I sent two look­outs downstairs to look out for Dana." 
"Oh you did?"
"Yeah! I'm gonna send two different look-outs downstairs every half hour to look out for Dana, so that whenever the two look-outs see her coming, they're gonna call up here on the intercom and tell us to get ready."
"Wow, that's a great idea Tony!"
The music continues to play as more people start to dance and listen to the music. Missy looks at her watch. James then smiles at Missy, trying to cheer her up. Missy smiles back at James, then nervously smiles back towards the crowd.
It is now 11:00 PM! Back in the Bronx, Dana has been waiting around for Ramesh for a while! She knows he has another job and that he has to come home sooner or later, so she waits, and waits. Suddenly, she sees Ramesh's car coming down the street! She sees his car pull into a parking space! As Ramesh parks his car, Dana goes and dashes behind the brick wall of Ramesh's building! She does not want Ramesh to see her!
Ramesh steps out of his car, closes the car door and locks his vehicle. He starts to walk away from his car towards his building. He is walking closer and closer towards his building. As he comes clos­er and closer to his building, Dana stands behind the brick wall! She has the large hammer in her hand! She stands in a baseball position, ready to swing the hammer on Ramesh! As Ramesh approaches the entrance of his building, Dana suddenly leaps out from behind the brick wall! She takes a baseball position and swings the hammer right into Ramesh's back! Ramesh lets out a bone-chilling scream! Dana then raises the hammer high in the air and bashes Ramesh right on top of his head! Blood splatters everywhere as Ramesh holds his head and screams out in agony! He then falls backward in pain as Dana quickly runs off!
As Dana is running off, she notices that an Indian woman sees her! She sees the woman frighteningly staring at her! Dana stops and glares at the woman! The woman frighteningly turns away and run! Dana does not want any witnesses around! She does not want to leave any witnesses around, so she puts on chase and charges after the woman! She charges after the woman with the large hammer swinging fiercely from her hand! She chases after the woman through a very dark field under some very dark trees! The woman is running in fear! She turns her head backwards and sees a fierce look­ing Dana charging after her with the large hammer swinging fierce­ly from her hand! The woman turns her head back forwards and screams out, "HELP ME! HELP ME!" She is running and scream­ing for her life! She is running as fast as she can! Dana is running after the woman as fast as she can! The woman continues to run and scream through the very dark field under the very dark trees! She turns her head backwards again and sees a fierce looking Dana gain­ing up on her, getting closer and closer! The woman turns her head back forwards and screams out again, "HELP ME! HELP ME! SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME!" She continues to run as fast as she can, but Dana is still gaining up on her! Dana is almost close to the woman! She chases the woman right towards a fence, which is along the highway! Dana soon reaches the woman! Then she raises the hammer high in the air and takes a baseball bat swing right towards the woman's head, when all of a sudden, the woman bends her upper body down, causing Dana to miss her head! The woman then crashes her entire body right through a hole in the fence! Dana suddenly bends down and crashes her left hand and arm right through the hole, trying to grab at the woman! The woman rolls down the field, towards the highway! She rolls directly onto the highway! She gets up and gets hit by an oncoming car! The car flies the woman forward several feet into the air! The motorist slams on the breaks causing the car to slide! The woman lands on the highway in front of the car and gets run over by the car! The motorist is final­ly able to stop the car! The motorist, a white male hurries out of his vehicle! He runs to the woman that he had just hit! Other motorists stop! They also hurry out of their cars! They run to the woman! They are all hysterical! They ask the first motorist, "How did this hap­pen?"
The first motorist is all hysterical as he tells the other motorists, "I don't know! This woman had just came out of nowhere! I was just driving at the normal 55 speed when all of a sudden, this woman appeared right in front of my car! She appeared out of nowhere! I don't know who this woman is or where she came from!"
One of the other motorists goes to call the police!
Way in the dark distance inside the dark field, Dana lays in the grass behind the fence, trying to catch her breath! Her deadly green eyes peeks through the fence, firmly watching the scene from the distance!
More cars stop at the scene! More people hurry out of their vehi­cles! They start to surround the woman! Sirens are soon heard!  Police cars arrive!
After a few moments, Dana gets up from off the grass! She turns around and angrily swings the hammer at the grass, trying to move it out of her way! She then dashes off into the dark field!
Back in front of Ramesh's building, Ramesh is laying on the ground with his head in a pool of blood! Blood is everywhere! People have come out of their buildings! They are all at the scene! A crowd has gathered! Police cars and paramedics had arrived! Everyone is running around all scared! They are all panicking as Ramesh lies in a pool of blood on the sidewalk in front of his build­ing! He is unconscious! The paramedics soon put Ramesh onto a stretcher as he still bleeds heavily from his wounds! He is in very bad shape! His family is outside the building with him crying and screaming all over the place! Everyone is frantic about what is hap­pening and are all running scared! The paramedics put Ramesh into the ambulance and take him away! Ramesh's family follows in a car right behind the ambulance!
The ambulance soon arrives to the hospital with Ramesh! The paramedics hurry and pull Ramesh out of the ambulance, taking him inside the hospital! The police follow in right behind them! Ramesh's family members soon hurry inside! They are all frantic! Everyone at the hospital is looking on in disbelief! Doctors quickly approach the scene! They come to Ramesh right away! They put him onto another stretcher and carry him off! Ramesh's family and friends are screaming and running scared all over the place!
Back outside, Dana continues to run! She still has on the black hat, the long black jacket and the black gloves! She goes and disap­pears into an isolated area!
Fifteen minutes later, Dana appears at another corner several blocks away. She appears without the black hat, the long black jack­et or the black gloves! She is wearing different clothes now and dif­ferent shoes! She is dressed in all dark green, wearing dark green pants and a dark green jacket! She is wearing a dark green cap and dark sunglasses! She is trying to disguise herself! She has the large trash bag with her, where she had stuffed her other clothes in! She then walks right to a pay phone and calls for a cab!
Five minutes later, a cab arrives at the corner! Dana hops into the back seat of the cab! The cab then pulls off! The cab takes Dana to an area! Dana gets out of the cab! The cab pulls off as Dana goes and disappears around another corner!
Fifteen minutes later, Dana appears at another corner a few blocks away. She is wearing different clothes and different shoes again! This time, she is dressed in all black, wearing a very short black tank top, a short black jacket, black leggings and thick heavy black shoes! Her hair is all pulled back in a long wide pony tail, hanging around her back and shoulders! She angrily starts to walk a couple of blocks to where her car is!
Dana soon reaches her car. She unlocks and opens the door. She gets inside her vehicle and pulls off!
Back on the highway, the woman's body lays on the highway, covered by a bloodied sheet! Heavy blood is all over the highway! The woman is dead. She had been killed. Dana has caused her death. Dana had chased the woman to her death. There are heavy police and paramedics already there at the scene! They are all over the place!
Dana soon drives by the scene! She secretly watches the scene from a safe distance way in the darkness! She shows no emotions at all! She then pulls off!
Back in Queens at the party, everybody continues to dance and listen to the music, having a good time! They dance to old Doo-Wop music of 'Oh What A Night', 'The Duke of Earl' and many more! Soon Aunt Celeste dances with her husband Andy as everyone else surrounds them, swaying and clapping their hands to the music of 'Baby Won't You Come Back To Me'! Mike then takes Gracy by the hand and dances with her as everyone else starts to dance with each other to the Doo-Wop music! Everyone is all dancing, having a good time!
As everyone is dancing, Tony and a couple of people stand on the side happily looking on! One of the people, a man tells Tony, "You know it is very nice and wonderful of what you're doing for Dana, Tony!"
"Thanks!"
"You also have a nice place here! The living room is nice and large too! What happened to the other place?"
"Oh Dana's family had wanted her to move out of that other place. They were afraid of what happened to that guy Mark that lived in the building on the 6th floor. Dana's family had the creeps about what happened to that guy Mark and they didn't want to take any chances with Dana still living over there. That's how Dana and I wound up moving here."
"Well I don't blame you guys Tony," a woman says. "That was a very terrible tragedy of what happened to that guy Mark, being mutilated like that and having his neck broken! Have they ever caught the perpetrator or perpetrators yet?"
"No, not that I know of," Tony says. "The perpetrator or perpe­trators have never been caught yet! So far, they're still on the loose! That's what got Dana's family so terrified! The killer or killers are still out there!"
"My God," the woman says as she and the man sadly look at Tony.
Back in Garfield, New Jersey, the doctors at the hospital are still working on Wallace, trying to save his life! All of Wallace's family is at the hospital! They are all screaming and yelling! They are all panicking! They want to know what is going on! They start to call the doctors to see what is happening with Wallace!
As the doctors are working hard on Wallace, trying to save his life, he suddenly passes away. He is dead. Dana has killed him. The doctors stand at Wallace's bedside in sorrow for a few moments. They then pull the sheet over Wallace's head. They go and deliver the bad news to his wife and family. One of the doctors tells the fam­ily, "He didn't make it." Wallace's family looks on stunned! The doctor says, "He just passed away."
"HE'S DEAD?" Wallace's wife shockingly shouts!
The doctors nod their heads. Wallace's family starts to scream at the top of their lungs! His wife suddenly passes out from the bad news! Wallace's family screams and wants to know who the hit-and-run cab driver is! They want to know why the cab driver didn't stop! The police question the family for information at what could have caused the cab to hit and run over Wallace! After a couple of min­utes, Wallace's wife is carried off!
Back in the Bronx again, doctors are still in the process of work­ing on Ramesh! Ramesh's family has all been hysterical for a while!
As the doctors work on Ramesh, trying to save his life, he sud­denly passes away. He is dead. Dana has killed him. The doctors stand sadly around Ramesh's body for a couple of minutes. They then pull the sheet over Ramesh's head. They go out to Ramesh's family and tell them, "We couldn't save Ramesh. He's gone."
"HE'S GONE?" Ramesh's family shockingly shout!
"Yes, we're afraid he is. Ramesh had a massive head injury. His skull was fractured! We tried our very best to save him."
Ramesh's family starts to scream and yell all over the hospital!  They are all shocked at what is happening! They do not believe it! They are all scared! They want to know who the perpetrator is and want to know why the perpetrator did this! The police are talking and questioning with Ramesh's family! They want to know if Ramesh had any enemies that would want to do this! The family continues to cry and scream! The police try to calm them all down! A couple of Ramesh's family members pass out from the horrible news of his death! Several doctors come to them and carry them off! The rest of Ramesh's family continues to cry and scream as other doctors and people in the hospital sadly look on at them, feeling sorry for their loss.
It is after 12:30 AM now! Dana starts to head for home! She dri­ves her car on the highway! She drives her car for a distance! She continues to drive on the highway towards the Whitestone Bridge! Her car reaches the Whitestone Bridge, then crosses over it, leaving the Bronx and heading back to Queens!
After Dana's car crosses over the bridge, it races down the high­way and starts to speed! It speeds into Queens down the long high­way! The windows of the car are all wide open! Dana sits behind the steering wheel looking fiercely into the rearview mirror as the wind blows fiercely against her long dark hair! She then gives a fierce angry look straight ahead as her long dark hair blows around her face! She is looking meaner, angrier and scarier than ever! Her face is red and sweating with anger! She is looking very fierce, like she's mad at the whole entire world!
As Dana continues to drive, she starts to get flashbacks in her head! She has flashbacks of all the bloody murders that she has ever committed in her entire life, including Leonard the maintenance man, the stampede she caused which resulted in eight people's death, the several bloody and suspicious murders which were unsolved and no one else seems to be aware of, the purse snatcher she ran over with her car, the man driving the 'PLUMBING & HEATING' van, her sister Missy's attackers Rose, Sandra, Kathy and Derek, her old neighbor Mark, the suspected rapist who tried to attack her sister Landa, and the three people she had just murdered tonight! Dana continues to drive looking meaner and angrier than ever!
Back at the party, everyone is still dancing having a good time! They are dancing to old disco music! They are dancing to the disco music, 'Heobah,' by Fonda Rae. A couple of people at the party are still taking turns, going out two at a time outside the building. They are going back and forth all night long, trying to be look-outs to see whenever Dana comes, so they can call upstairs on the intercom and let the others know that she's on her way and warn them to get ready and yell 'Surprise.'
Two look-outs from the party come back inside the apartment. Tony starts to send two other look-outs downstairs! He sends a tall male black named Eddie and a tall male Hispanic named John. Eddie and John leave the apartment as Tony closes the door behind them.
Eddie and John soon reach downstairs and go outside of the building. It is dark and a little windy outside. The moon is shining very mysteriously. Eddie and John walk outside and go to a bench, which is a little distance away from the building. John turns to Eddie and asks, "Now which direction did Tony say Dana is supposed to be coming from?"
"Oh Tony said that Dana is supposed to come from that direc­tion," Eddie says as he points his finger towards the supposed direc­tion. "He says that's where she normally parks her car."
"Okay," John says as he and Eddie start to sit and face the direc­tion Dana is supposed to be coming from. They don't want to miss seeing her coming.
Back upstairs inside the apartment, everyone at the party contin­ues to listen and dance to old disco music! They are all dancing to the tune of 'Save Me,' by the Silver Convention! After a while, they all start to wonder where Dana is and if she's going to come home tonight! Everyone starts to crowd around Tony. They start to ques­tion him. They all ask him, "What's going on Tony? Why isn't Dana home yet? She should have been home already!" Tony does not have the answer to any of the questions because he does not know him­self!
Everyone has been hanging around for a while, waiting for Dana to show up, but she has not arrived yet! Tony, Gracy, Sammy and Thomas secretly go into the bedroom. They close the door behind themselves. Tony tells them, "I took the phone out of the living room and brought it in here. I'm going to call the jail system to find out if Dana had been arrested." Gracy, Sammy and Thomas worriedly look at Tony as he goes to make a telephone call to the jail system. Tony sits on the bed and calls up the correctional facility. Gracy sits on the bed beside Tony as Tony speaks on the telephone. Tony gives the jail system Dana's name and date of birth. After a short while, the cor­rectional facility tells Tony that they do not have any record of a Dana Brown being arrested in any of the jail systems lately. Tony tells them, "Thank you." He hangs up the phone. He turns to Gracy, Sammy and Thomas and tells them, "Well, she's not in jail so far. She hasn't been arrested. At least not within any of the city limits." They all worriedly look at Tony. Tony then gets up from off the bed and says, "Come on. Let's go back and join the party." He, Gracy, Sammy and Thomas walk out and leave the bedroom.
As Tony is walking in the hallway behind the others, he sudden­ly hears the telephone ringing in the bedroom. He turns back around and hurries towards the bedroom! He enters the bedroom, quickly picks up the telephone and anxiously says, "Dana?"
Christine who is down in Jamaica on the other end of the tele­phone says, "No Tony! It's not Dana! It's me Christine!"
"Oh hi Ma! How are you?"
"Oh I'm feeling alright Tony! How about you?"
"I'm okay!"
"Good! I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to call Dana earlier! I told her that I would call her back on Friday, but I was tied up all day at my businesses!"
"You were?"
"Yeah!"
"So how are things going at your businesses Ma?" 
"Oh everything is going okay Tony! Everything is going okay. Where's Dana? She's not home?"
"No Dana is not here right now Ma! We're all waiting for her!"
"You're all waiting for her?"
"Yeah!"
"What are you talking about Tony?"
"Oh Ma, we're all throwing a surprise birthday party for Dana right now!"
"YOU'RE THROWING A WHAT!"
"A surprise birthday party! We all decided to throw Dana a sur­prise birthday party to cheer her up, being that she has been so depressed about losing her job and everything!"
"REALLY?" Christine frighteningly asks!
"Yeah!"
"OH NO!"
"Oh no? Is there something wrong Ma?"
"No Tony! Everything's alright! Who's all there?"
"Well, all your kids are here, except for Dana! David is here!  All your in-laws are here and some other relatives! My family is all here and a few of my relatives! Diane and Michael are here! So are Joseph and Teresa! Darlene and Mandy are here, so are James, Rick, Chad and Terrance. Some of my co-workers at the bank are here too, so are a whole lot of other people!"
"OH MY GOD! WHERE'S DANA AT NOW TONY?"
"We don't know Ma! Nobody knows where Dana is! She's been gone since this afternoon! I walked her to her car this afternoon and she told me that she was gonna do some shopping! She told me that she'd be back home by 9:00 or 10:00! She told me that just before she pulled off and left, but she didn't come home yet! Nobody's seen or heard from her since!"
"NO?"
"No!"
"Hey Tony, could you do me a favor?" 
"Sure Ma, what is it?"
"Could you please put either David, Sammy or Thomas on the phone? I want to speak to one of them!"
"No problem Ma! Hold on. I'll go get one of them." 
"Thanks Tony!"
"Sure! Are you sure everything's alright Ma?"
"Yes Tony! Everything's alright! Everything's okay!"
"Okay Ma, hold on." Tony puts the phone receiver down on the side. He then leaves the bedroom.
Tony comes back into the living room where the crowd is. He sees Sammy talking with Darlene and Thomas talking with Mandy. Tony goes to Sammy and tells him, "Your mother is on the phone."
Sammy and the others look at Tony as Sammy asks, "Really?"
"Yeah. She wants to speak to you. Go in the back."
"Okay Tony." Sammy tells Darlene and the others, "I'll be back." He then leaves the living room and goes towards the bed­room.
Sammy enters the bedroom and goes to sit on the bed. He picks up the telephone receiver and says, "Mom?" 
"Yes it's me Mom! Who's this Sammy?" 
"Yeah it's me Mom."
"SAMMY WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU ALL DOING THROWING A SURPRISE BIRTHDAY PARTY FOR DANA? YOU REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED BACK HERE IN JAMAICA THE LAST TIME WE ALL THREW A SURPRISE PARTY FOR HER! YOU REMEMBER WHEN DANA SAW ALL THOSE PEOPLE INSIDE THE HOUSE, THEN SHE WENT BACK OUTSIDE AND CAME RIGHT BACK INTO THE HOUSE WITH THAT AX! YOU REMEMBER THE DEADLY STAMPEDE THAT LEAD TO EIGHT PEOPLE'S DEATH!"
"Yeah I remember that Mom! But throwing this surprise birth­day party for Dana wasn't my idea! It was Tony and Grandma's idea! They planned this surprise birthday party for Dana!"
"THEY DID?"
"Yeah! Grandma and Tony wanted to throw this surprise birth­day party for Dana, being that Dana was very depressed about los­ing her job and everything! Then we told Grandma about what hap­pened back in Jamaica with Dana and the ax!"
"WHAT! YOU TOLD YOUR GRANDMA ABOUT THAT?"
"Yes Mom! We told Grandma about the ax, the deadly stampede and everything! We told her that eight people had died from the deadly stampede! She was very shocked hearing about the news! Then she went and mentioned it to Dad and she told Grandpa about it too!"
"WHAT! OH NO!"
"Believe me Mom, we didn't want to tell Grandma about what happened back in Jamaica with Dana and that ax, but being that Grandma and Tony were both planning a surprise birthday party for Dana, we decided to tell Grandma about it to warn her! She was about to cancel the whole entire party when we told her about it! Then we all realized how much throwing this surprise birthday party really means to Tony, trying to make Dana happy and everything! He even went out and purchased a $50 dollar birthday cake for Dana! He spent a lot of money for this whole party! Mom, with the nervous breakdowns that Tony has had in the past, we decided to throw the surprise party for Dana! Tony and the rest of us all want to make Dana happy and get her mind off her problems! Tony does­n't know about what happened back in Jamaica with Dana and the ax! He doesn't know about the stampede that led to eight people's death! He doesn't know anything about it!"
"Oh Sammy, how many people are there inside the apartment right now?"
"Almost seventy people Mom!" 
"ALMOST SEVENTY PEOPLE?"
"Yeah!"
"OH MY GOD SAMMY! THAT'S THE SAME AMOUNT OF PEOPLE THAT WAS AT THE DEADLY STAMPEDE! AROUND SIXTY OR SEVENTY PEOPLE! OH SAMMY, I DON'T THINK THAT YOU ALL BETTER TAKE ANY CHANCES! I THINK THAT YOU, YOUR FATHER AND THOMAS BETTER GET ALL THOSE PEOPLE OUT OF THAT APARTMENT BEFORE DANA GETS THERE!"
"But Mom, Dad, Thomas and I are gonna be prepared this time! We're gonna plan on holding on to Dana just in case she decides to attack anybody! If she decides to attack anybody, we'll hold on to her until we clear everybody out of the apartment safely! Mom, we all love Dana and we want to try to make her happy! We're just all waiting for her to arrive!"
"SAMMY THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I'M AFRAID OF! WHEN DANA ARRIVES THERE! YOU KNOW SHE'S BEEN VERY DEPRESSED LATELY! YOU KNOW SHE'S BEEN VERY ANGRY AND DEPRESSED OVER LOSING HER JOB AND EVERYTHING! YOU KNOW THE STATE OF MIND SHE'S IN! SHE IS NOT GOING TO BE IN THE MOOD TO RUN INTO A WHOLE BUNCH OF PEOPLE! ESPECIALLY RIGHT INSIDE HER OWN PLACE! YOU DON'T KNOW HOW DANA'S GONNA REACT ONCE SHE WALKS THROUGH THAT FRONT DOOR AND SEES A WHOLE BUNCH OF PEOPLE INSIDE HER APARTMENT! SAMMY DO YOU WANT TO HAVE ANOTHER DEADLY STAMPEDE?"
"No! Of course not Mom!"
"THEN GET THOSE PEOPLE OUT OF THAT APARTMENT RIGHT AWAY!"
"But Mom, we're all trying to have this wonderful event for Dana! This is all for her! We want to do this to cheer her up for a change! Everyone here is having a good time waiting for her!"
"SAMMY WHAT'S MORE IMPORTANT? THOSE PEOPLE HAVING A GOOD TIME OR THEIR SAFETY?"
"Well their safety of course Mom! But we've hidden all the pos­sible dangerous and deadly weapons that are inside this apartment! We've hidden them all away from Dana where she cannot see or cannot find them!"
"SAMMY, IF DANA DOES NOT SEE OR CANNOT FIND ANY POSSIBLE DANGEROUS OR DEADLY WEAPONS AROUND, THEN SHE'LL JUST USE HER OWN BODY AS A DANGEROUS OR DEADLY WEAPON!" Sammy becomes stunned as Christine frighteningly shouts, "SAMMY GET THOSE PEOPLE OUT OF THAT APARTMENT, NOW!"
"Alright Mom, calm down! I'll get Dad and Thomas together, alright? We'll get the people out of the apartment!"
"YOU'RE GONNA GET THEM ALL OUT RIGHT NOW? RIGHT THIS MINUTE?"
"Yeah Mom, right this minute! We're gonna get them all out as soon as possible!"
"Alright Sammy! Make sure you do! I'm gonna be worrying and scared the whole entire night, thinking about whether or not every­thing is going to be alright!"
"Yeah Mom! Everything's gonna be alright!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah Mom! Everything's gonna be alright! We'll get the peo­ple out!"
"Okay good! Now I'm gonna call back over there first thing in the morning! I want to make sure there are no tragedies and every­thing had went okay!"
"Okay Mom! Just call back in the morning, okay?"
"Okay Sammy, I will! You take care of everybody, alright? Please make sure no one gets hurt?"
"Alright Mom, I'll make sure."
"Okay Sammy, I'm gonna go now!"
"Okay Mom."
"I'll call you in the morning! I love you!"
"I love you too Mom. Bye." Sammy hangs up the telephone. He sits on the bed and stares into space, not sure of what to do. He wor­riedly looks around the bedroom. He then gets up from off the bed and leaves the room. He heads back towards the living room. When he enters the living room, he sees Thomas standing with Missy, Robert and the triplets as they all look at their watches. Sammy goes to them all and says, "Hey you guys, I just spoke to Mom on the tele­phone! She called here!"
"She did?" Missy asks.
"Yeah. She knows that we're all throwing a surprise birthday party for Dana. Thomas, Mom says that you, Dad and I should get all these people out of the apartment right away before Dana gets here."
"Sammy I thought that you, Dad and I had planned on grabbing and holding onto Dana, just in case she decides to attack anybody!"
"We were Thomas, but Mom thinks that for these people's sake, we should get them all out now! I already told her that we will!"
"Sammy we all want to throw this surprise party for Dana! We all want to try to make her happy for a change! We have food and gifts for her everywhere! Look at all the gifts for Dana in that cor­ner," Thomas says as he points through the crowd to a corner of the living room. Sammy, Missy, Robert and the triplets look through the crowd at all the gifts that are stacked in the corner. "Look at all the gifts for Dana in that other corner," Thomas says as he points towards another corner in the living room! "Look at all the food in the kitchen," Thomas says as he points through the crowd towards the kitchen. Sammy, Missy, Robert and the triplets look through the crowd towards the kitchen and see all the food on the kitchen table. "I mean this is all for Dana, Sammy!"
"I know Thomas, but that didn't seem to make a difference back in Jamaica! Dana still tried to attack everybody over there, even though we had food and gifts for her everywhere! Those food and gifts didn't matter to Dana! I don't think she gave a damn about the food and gifts back in Jamaica and she might not give a damn about the food and gifts right now here! Thomas what else can we do? We don't know how Dana is gonna react or what she's gonna do once she walks through that front door and sees all these people in here!"
"It's true Sammy! We don't know how Dana is gonna react or what she's gonna do, that's why we have to get prepared this time just in case she decides to attack anybody or do something crazy! Listen Sammy, if or whenever Dana walks through that front door and decides that she wants all these people out of the apartment, then we have to respect her wishes and tell all these people that they have to go! You, Dad and I will surround and hold on to Dana while Grandma, Grandpa and Aunt Celeste get all these people out of here safely!"
Sammy worriedly looks at the crowd of people. He then looks at Thomas and says, "Alright Thomas, I guess these people can stay. But as soon as we get word that Dana is on her way, you, Dad and I are gonna have to get ready and hide right near that front door! We have to get prepared! We have to be close to that front door so we can catch and hold Dana in time just in case, alright?" 
"Alright Sammy! We'll do that!"
"Good, because we cannot allow another deadly stampede!" Sammy's siblings nervously look at him. Sammy nervously looks at his watch. He and his siblings worriedly look around the living room, watching the people dancing around having a good time. They watch as the people dance and snap their fingers in the air to the tune of a 'Saturday Night Fever' theme song. They watch Diane D, Teresa and a small group of people happily following their Aunt Celeste into the kitchen. Suddenly, there is a ring at the doorbell. Missy's nervousness causes her to shake and jump a little! Sammy and Thomas look at Missy as Sammy says, "Relax Missy! It's not Dana! Dana would use her keys!" Sammy and his siblings look towards the front door as Tony goes to answer it.
Tony opens the front door and sees the two look-outs, John and Eddie. They had come back. Tony asks them, "No sign of Dana yet huh?"
"Nope," Eddie says. "There's still no sign of Dana!" 
"Alright, come on in."
John and Eddie come inside the apartment. Tony sends two other look-outs to go downstairs to look out for Dana. He sends a Hispanic-Indian male named Peto and a black woman named Towana. Peto and Towana leave the apartment. Sammy and his sib­lings continue to look towards the front door as Tony closes the door behind Peto and Towana. Sammy and his siblings then worriedly look back towards the living room again at the crowd as they all ner­vously wait for Dana's arrival. They are all afraid of what might hap­pen once Dana enters the apartment.
The two look-outs, Peto and Towana reach the outside of the building. They walk to the same bench Eddie and John were sitting on. Towana turns to Peto and asks, "Now which direction did Tony say we're supposed to look out for Dana?"
"He says that Dana usually parks her car way over there," Peto says as he points his finger towards the supposed direction. "So we're supposed to look out for her that direction."
"Okay," Towana says as she and Peto start to sit down on the bench. They sit and face the direction that Dana is supposed to be coming from.
Dana continues to drive on the highway, still looking meaner and angrier than ever with the wind blowing fiercely against her long dark hair! She soon exits the highway and drives down the local streets! She is approaching closer and closer to home! She soon reaches her part of town. She drives around her part of town and looks for a space to park her car. She finds a parking space, but it is not close to her building. It is quite a distance from her building. She pulls into the space anyway and parks her car. She shuts the engine off. She opens the car door and slowly gets out. Her heavy feet walk to the back door of her car. The back door opens. The back door closes as Dana's heavy feet walk back to the driver's door. The car doors then lock with the automatic locks. The driver's door closes. Dana's heavy feet start to walk slowly away from her car. Her feet walk slowly towards a very dark park. Her feet then reach the park and slowly walk into the very dark park. Her feet are slowly walk­ing under the very dark trees and very dim lights. Her plastic bag of clothes is in one of her hands. Her black shoulder bag is hanging on her opposite shoulder. Her face has the most meanest, angriest, and scariest look ever!
Dana has a lot of anger in her. She has a lot of anger in her walk. She continues to walk slowly through the very dark park, under the very dark trees and very dim lights. She is slowly walking closer and closer towards her building, which is way in the distance. She has quite a walk to go.
Back at the party, everyone continues enjoying themselves, lis­tening and dancing to old disco music! They dance to the tune of, 'Summer Love,' by Musique. Sammy constantly looks at his watch as he talks with David and Thomas. Missy and Landa sit on the couch with James and Chad as they all drink on cups.
Back outside, Dana continues to walk slowly towards her build­ing in the dark park. As she is walking under the very dark trees and very dim lights, she angrily looks her face towards the side way in the distance. She notices two dark figures outside on a bench. She does not know who the two figures are, being that it is too dark and too far away to tell. She continues to walk as she angrily looks towards the two dark figures way in the distance.
As Dana is walking, the two look-outs from the party, Peto and Towana are still talking outside on the bench. Towana is sitting fac­ing the direction her and Peto are expecting Dana to come from, but Peto is standing facing Towana. As Towana and Peto continue to talk, facing each other, Peto notices a very dark figure, slowly walk­ing way in the distance, behind Towana. He sees the figure walking slowly along the very dark park along a very dark path. He sees the figure slowly walking under the very dark trees and very dim lights.  The figure appears to be looking right towards his and Towana's direction. Peto sees the figure and tells Towana to turn around and look. Towana, who is sitting with her back towards the figure, turns her head around to look. Peto asks, "Is that Dana? It kind of walks like her!"
Towana sees the very dark figure also. She sees the dark figure slowly walking in the very dark park way in the distance. She sees the figure slowly walking along a very dark path under the very dark trees and very dim lights. She sees the figure looking towards her and Peto's direction. She then says, "It does kind of walk like Dana Peto, but I'm not sure whether it is her or not! It's too dark and too far away to tell right now! Plus, we're not supposed to expect her coming from that direction! We're supposed to expect her coming from this direction, where Tony says she usually parks her car," Towana says as she points her finger towards the supposed direction.
"But it might be Dana, Towana! It sure kind of walks like her! But whoever that person is, it looks like they're looking right at us!"
Towana and Peto continue to look at the dark eerie figure walk­ing way in the distance. As the figure is walking along the very dark path under the very dark trees and very dim lights, it turns from the dark path and starts to head towards Peto and Towana's direction! It still appears to be looking at them! As the figure continues to approach closer and closer towards Peto and Towana, they realize that it is Dana! Especially by the firm way she is walking!
As Dana approaches closer and closer towards Peto and Towana, Towana says, "I don't think that we should let her see us! Let's back up!" Peto and Towana start to back up! They duck down and hide behind some bushes so that Dana cannot see them! Peto and Towana look and peak through the bushes at Dana as she slowly walks through the dark park, approaching closer and closer towards them. Towana turns to Peto and asks, "Why is Dana coming home from that direction this time of night anyway? It's kind of strange for her to be coming from that direction! Isn't she supposed to come from this direction?" Towana asks as she points her finger towards the supposed direction behind her.
"Yeah! We were all told to be expecting her to come from this direction, the direction she and Tony usually use when they come home!"
"Then why is she coming from the opposite direction?"
"Beats me! The direction she's coming from, neither she nor Tony ever use that direction when they come home! They usually don't come home from that direction! This park is usually very dark at night, but yet Dana seems to be walking right through the park like it's nothing! Where do you suppose she's coming from? Why is she coming home from that direction?"
"Why is she walking through the dark park?"
"Why is she walking kind of slow and why is she arriving home so late?"
"Well maybe her car probably broke down and she probably had to walk! She's probably tired! That's probably why she's walking very slow and coming home so late!"
Towana and Peto continue to watch Dana's dark eerie figure as she walks slowly under the very dark trees and very dim lights. They see her dark eerie figure slowly approaching closer and closer. Towana then asks, "Why does she seem to be dressed in dark clothes?"
"I don't know Towana! I mean she's walking through a dark park, wearing dark clothes, walking very slow through an isolated area, coming home late and coming from the opposite direction, it's like she doesn't want to be seen!"
"Why wouldn't she want to be seen? Peto, do you think that she could be having some kind of secret affair or living some kind of secret double life?"
"I don't know Towana! But it would be best if we don't mention anything to Tony about this! It might just upset him and cause prob­lems in his and Dana's relationship and then Dana would start to look at us! And one thing we don't need, is Dana giving us an angry look!"
"I know what you mean Peto," Towana says as she and Peto con­tinue to watch Dana's dark eerie figure through the bushes.
As Peto and Towana continue to peek through the bushes, they see Dana's dark eerie figure approaching closer and closer. Peto frighteningly whispers, "She's getting closer! Come on! Let's get the hell out of here before she sees us!"
"Alright, let's go," Towana says as she and Peto turn and duck towards the building! They continue to duck down all the way to the building so that Dana cannot see them!
Towana and Peto soon reach the building! They go inside the outer doors! They both give a sigh of relief as the outer doors close behind them! They start to call upstairs on the intercom!
Everyone upstairs at the party is still dancing to old disco music! They are still dancing to the haunting sounds of 'Summer Love,' by Musique! The intercom rings. Tony goes to answer it and says, "Hello?"
"HEY TONY, DANA IS ON HER WAY!" Peto and Towana shout!
"SHE IS?" Tony excitingly shouts!
"YEAH, WE JUST SAW HER! SHE'S COMING THIS WAY!"
"OH MY GOD! OKAY! HOLD ON!" Tony turns to everyone at the party and shouts, "HEY! LISTEN UP EVERYBODY!" Everyone stops to listen. They turn the music off. Tony continues, "PETO AND TOWANA ARE DOWNSTAIRS ON THE INTER­COM RIGHT NOW! THEY SAID THEY JUST SAW DANA! THEY SAY SHE'S ON HER WAY!" Everyone becomes excited! Missy, Robert and the triplets become nervous as Missy nervously drops her punch on the floor! After Missy drops her punch, she ner­vously drops her plate of food on the floor! Robert and the triplets look at Missy. Missy nervously turns around and hurries to her grandmother as she cries her face on her grandmother's shoulder! Everyone else starts to gather around Tony as he speaks on the inter­com! Tony continues to talk to Peto and Towana through the inter­com as he asks, "NOW ARE YOU TWO SURE THAT IT WAS DANA THAT YOU BOTH SAW?"
"YEAH WE'RE SURE IT'S HER!" Peto shouts! "WE HAD WAITED UNTIL SHE GOT A LITTLE BIT CLOSER TO MAKE SURE THAT IT WAS HER!"
"WAS SHE WALKING WITH ANYBODY, OR WAS SHE WALKING ALONE?"
"SHE WAS WALKING ALONE!"
"OKAY! YOU TWO BETTER HURRY AND COME ON UP NOW!" Tony presses the intercom button to let Peto and Towana inside the inner doors. Then he and everyone else excitingly walk away from the intercom!
Downstairs, Peto and Towana try to push the inner doors open, but there is no buzzard sound. The inner doors won't budge! Peto asks, "Hey, what's going on? The doors won't open! There's no buz­zard sound!" Peto and Towana look at the inner doors. They try to push the inner doors open again. It still won't budge. There is no buzzard sound to let them inside. Puzzled, they look at each other. They quickly call back up to Tony again!
As everyone upstairs start to get ready for Dana's arrival, the intercom rings again! Tony goes to answer it and says, "Hello?"
"HEY TONY!" Peto shouts! "WE DIDN'T GET INSIDE THE INNER DOORS YET! WE DIDN'T HEAR THE BUZZARD SOUND!"
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DIDN'T HEAR THE BUZ­ZARD SOUND?" Tony shouts! Everyone at the party hearing this turns around and worriedly looks at Tony! They come and start to surround Tony as he speaks on the intercom!
"WE DIDN'T HEAR IT! THERE'S NO SOUND!" Peto shouts!
"I PRESSED THE INTERCOM BUTTON! YOU SHOULD HAVE HEARD THE BUZZARD SOUND!" Tony presses the inter­com button again and shouts, "TRY IT AGAIN!"
Peto and Towana try to push the inner doors open again! There is still no buzzard sound! The inner doors still won't budge! Peto and Towana start to become nervous! Tony then shouts, "DID Y'ALL GET INSIDE THE DOOR YET?"
"NO WE DIDN'T!" Peto nervously shouts!
"TONY, IF THERE'S NO BUZZARD SOUND, WE CAN'T GET INSIDE THE DOORS!" Towana nervously shouts!
"I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT! THE BUZZARD SOUND WAS WORKING EARLIER! IT HAD WORKED FOR EVERYBODY ELSE! I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY IT'S NOT WORKING RIGHT NOW!" Tony shouts!
"What's wrong Tony?" Gracy nervously asks. "They can't get inside the inner doors?"
"No! They're stuck down there!"
The people at the party start to become nervous. Tony then shouts to Peto and Towana, "OKAY, I WILL TRY AND PRESS THE BUTTON ONE MORE TIME! IF THE BUZZARD SOUND STILL DOES NOT WORK, THEN I WILL HAVE TO COME DOWNSTAIRS TO OPEN THE DOOR MYSELF TO LET YOU TWO IN, OKAY?"
"OKAY, JUST HURRY!" Peto shouts!
Tony presses hard on the intercom button again and shouts, "ALRIGHT! TRY IT NOW!"
Peto and Towana try to push the inner doors open again! This time they try with all their might! There is still no buzzard sound! The doors still won't budge! Tony shouts, "DID Y'ALL GET INSIDE THE DOORS YET?"
"NO!" Peto nervously shouts! "THERE'S STILL NO BUZ­ZARD SOUND!"
"OKAY! I'M ON MY WAY DOWN!" Tony shouts! He hurries away from the crowd and hurries towards the front door! He quick­ly opens the door and dashes out of the apartment as Diane D shouts, "I'LL GO WITH YOU TONY!" Diane D quickly dashes out the front door behind Tony as the front door slams behind her!
As Tony and Diane D are on their way down the stairs, Peto and Towana continue to be stranded outside the inner doors! Towana nervously says, "Oh Peto if Dana catches us here, she's gonna look at us strange and wonder what we're doing here! She's gonna think that we might have seen where she was walking from! She's gonna want to know what we're doing here in her building! Especially around this time of night! She knows we don't live here! She knows that we don't know anybody else that lives in this building but her and Tony! Oh Peto, it's gonna spoil the whole surprise!" Peto ner­vously looks at Towana as Towana nervously looks back at him.
As Peto and Towana continue to be stranded outside the inner doors, they suddenly see an elderly black woman inside the build­ing, looking in her mailbox. Peto and Towana start to bang on the inner doors! The elderly woman turns around and sees them! Peto and Towana bang on the inner doors, pleading for the elderly woman to let them inside the building! The elderly woman does not know who they are! She does not want to take any chances with opening the doors to strangers and letting them inside the building, so she goes back to her apartment, gets inside and shuts the door! Peto angrily pounds his fist on the inner doors and shouts, "DAMN!" He and Towana angrily stare towards the elderly woman's apartment door, then they turn and nervously stare at each other. As they stare at each other, they suddenly turn their heads around towards the outer doors and nervously stare outside towards the street. They both start to sweat as they look out towards the street. They hear the haunting sounds of the wind going through the building as they ner­vously look out for Dana, knowing that she is about to approach the building anytime.
As Peto and Towana continue to nervously stare outside towards the street, they suddenly turn their heads back around towards the inner doors and see Tony and Diane D hurrying towards them! Tony and Diane D finally arrive! Tony presses the button! The buzzard sound goes off and the inner doors open up! Peto and Towana final­ly go inside the inner doors! They become relieved! Tony asks, "Did Dana come yet?"
"No," Peto says. "She still hasn't shown up yet!"
"Okay good! We still have time! Come on, let's shoot," Tony says as they all start to hurry through the lobby towards the long cor­ridor! They all hurry down the long corridor towards the elevator, which is around the corner! They go around the corner and reach the elevator! The elevator door opens, but before they all go inside the elevator, Tony decides to stop! He wants to listen for the sound of the front doors. He wants to listen for the buzzard sound of the inner doors when Dana uses her keys to unlock it. He wants to know exactly when she enters the building! They all stop and stand around for a while, trying to catch their breath! They stop and listen. They hear the haunting sounds of the wind going through the building as they stop and listen out for Dana!
After a while, they all start to whisper as Peto asks, "Does Dana have a key to get inside the building?"
"Yes," Tony whispers back. "She has her own keys. Now are you two sure it was Dana that you both saw out there?"
"Yes, it was Dana," Towana whispers.
"Are you sure?" Diane D asks.
"Yes," Peto says. "We both saw her!"
"Well if that was Dana that you both saw, what's taking her so long?"
"She was walking very slow," Towana whispers.
"She was walking slow?"
"Yes!"
"Now why would Dana be walking slow Towana?"
"I don't know Diane! I have no idea why Dana was walking slow and I certainly wasn't going to go up to her and ask her why either!"
They all nervously look at each other. They continue to wait around for a while as they still hear the haunting sounds of the wind going through the building.
After a couple of minutes, they suddenly hear the squealing sound of the outer doors opening. They all stop and gasp! Peto whis­pers, "I just heard the outer doors opening!"
"So did I," Tony whispers.
They quietly listen for a few seconds. They then hear the buz­zard sound. They all hurry into the elevator! The elevator door clos­es!
A minute later, the elevator reaches Tony's floor and stops! The door opens and they all come out of the elevator into the hallway! As the elevator door closes back, Peto and Towana head way back down the hallway towards the apartment, but Tony and Diane D remain and wait at the elevator door! The people at the party are at the apartment door, holding it wide open! Peto and Towana both enter inside the apartment, giving a sigh of relief as people at the party ask them, "Are you two alright?"
The people at the party continue to hold the door wide open, waiting for Tony and Diane D to come inside the apartment, but Tony and Diane D decide to stay way out near the elevator! Mike yells out across the long hallway, "HEY! WHAT ARE YOU TWO DOING? COME ON INSIDE!"
"WE WANT TO WATT NEAR THE ELEVATOR DOOR FOR A FEW MINUTES TO WATCH THE ELEVATOR SIGNAL!" Tony yells back!
"YEAH GRANDPA!" Diane D shouts! "WE WANT TO WATCH THE ELEVATOR SIGNAL SO WE CAN KNOW THE EXACT SECOND DANA GETS INTO THE ELEVATOR FROM DOWN­STAIRS!"
Tony and Diane D stand with their ears pinned against the elevator door, listening through the elevator shaft. Mike yells out, "WHAT DO YOU TWO SEE SO FAR ON THE ELEVATOR SIGNAL?"
Tony and Diane D look at the elevator signal. Diane D yells back, "WE DON'T SEE ANYTHING YET GRANDPA!" She and Tony pin their ears back against the elevator door.
As Tony and Diane D both stand with their ears pinned against the elevator door, they suddenly hear the sound of the elevator door open from the ground floor, through the elevator shaft. They ner­vously look at each other as Diane D says, "I just heard the elevator door opening from downstairs!"
"I heard it too," Tony says. He and Diane D continue to listen qui­etly with their ears pinned against the elevator door. As they contin­ue to listen through the elevator shaft, they suddenly hear the sound of the elevator door close from the ground floor. Diane D says, "I just heard the elevator door close back!"
"So did I," Tony says. He and Diane D then look at the elevator signal. They see the floor numbers starting to come up! They quick­ly leave from the elevator door and hurry towards the apartment as Tony yells out to everybody, "THE ELEVATOR IS ON ITS WAY UP! SHE'S COMING!" Everyone inside the apartment quickly goes to hide! Tony and Diane D soon enter inside the apartment and shut the door!
As everyone inside the apartment tries to hide, they all try to hide far away from the front door as possible! No one wants to be near the front door when Dana enters it, so some nervously gather around together in a far corner while others go to hide in the kitchen! They all try to duck down! They are all soon ducked down!
As everyone is nervously ducked down gathered around togeth­er, Gracy and Missy frighteningly and worriedly hold on to David, pulling on his arm! David tells them both, "It's gonna be alright!" David tries to break away from Gracy and Missy but they're both afraid to let him go! David tells them, "I have to be near the door! You want me to be prepared for any possible tragedies don't you?" Gracy and Missy worriedly let go of David's arm as he tells them, "It's gonna be alright!" David then leaves Gracy and Missy as they frighteningly and worriedly watch him! Gracy and Missy then gath­er close to the rest of the crowd and start to duck down.
As everyone is gathered around ducked together, Tony stands in the middle of the living room, making sure everybody is ducked down! Once he sees that everyone is ducked down, he turns around and hurries to the front door where David, Sammy and Thomas are gathered, with Thomas looking through the peephole and David pin­ning his ear to the door. Sammy tells Tony, "We're gonna hide right here Tony. I got the lights."
"Okay Sammy," Tony says. He then goes to duck down with everyone else.
David, Sammy and Thomas continue to gather near the front door, getting prepared! Gracy, Missy, Robert and the triplets are ducked down near everybody else as they and everyone else ner­vously watch David, Sammy and Thomas get prepared!
As David, Sammy and Thomas remain near the front door, David and Thomas suddenly turn away from the door! They quick­ly go to the side of the door where the hinges are and duck down near each other! They nod their heads to Sammy! Sammy is about to duck! Before he ducks, he whispers, "Is everybody ready?"
"Yes," everyone whispers. Sammy turns out the lights. He ducks down on the side of the door where the doorknob is and hides on the opposite side of David and Thomas.
It is very dark and silent inside the apartment. Everyone waits silently in the darkness. They hear the haunting sounds of the wind going through the walls and through the building.
After a couple of minutes, they hear the elevator door open from way down the hall. One voice whispers, "I just heard the elevator door open." They all then hear the elevator door shut! Another voice whispers, "I just heard the elevator door shut." Then they all start to hear slow heavy footsteps walking in the hallway. Another voice whispers, "I hear footsteps! It's coming this way!" They hear slow heavy footsteps coming closer and closer. The footsteps are getting louder and louder. Everyone remains silent. Sammy nervously looks through the darkness towards David and Thomas as they wait beside the door hinges. He could barely see them. David and Thomas ner­vously look through the darkness towards Sammy. They could bare­ly see him! Everybody continues to hear slow heavy footsteps from the hallway approaching closer and closer. They hear footsteps approaching closer and closer towards the front door. They hear the footsteps reach the front door, then stop. They start to hear keys unlocking the front door. David, Thomas and Sammy nervously look at the door lock as they hear the keys unlocking the door. They then hear the keys stop. They nervously and anxiously look towards the doorknob. They hear the doorknob turning. They are all prepared! The door then opens. Everybody sees a dark eerie silhouette walk­ing through the door. The door then closes. It is still dark and quiet inside the apartment. Everyone could hear deep heavy breathing. A large dark plastic bag and a shoulder bag are suddenly thrown right on the floor at Sammy's feet! Sammy looks towards the two bags as they hit his feet! The lights come on. Everybody sees Dana! They all jump up and shout, "SURPRISE! SURPRISE!" Dana jumps back! She is shocked! She is shocked and surprised by the ordeal! Everyone runs to her! They all start to hug and kiss on her! They all tell her, "Happy Birthday Dana! Happy Birthday!" Everyone sur­rounds Dana! Tony happily hugs Dana very tightly and gives her a big warm kiss! Dana looks around shocked and amazed! Everyone grabs her by the arm and pulls her to show her the decorations they had put up for her! They show her all the gifts that had been brought for her! Dana is very dumbfounded! She has no idea what is going on! She does not know what to do or what to say! The triplets pull Dana by the arms and point to the banners hanging all across the walls! They show Dana the banners with big words that read, "HAPPY BIRTHDAY DANA! WE ALL LOVE YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" Dana is very shocked by the whole ordeal! She didn’t have a clue that this was happening for her! She is nervous! Diane D grabs both of Dana's arms, trying to loosen Dana up! Dana nervously looks at Diane D as Diane D holds her by the arms! Diane D and Aunt Celeste happily pull Dana by each arm as they happily lead her into the kitchen! Everyone else starts to follow! David, Sammy and Thomas walk behind the crowd as David turns to Sammy and Thomas and whispers, "Now guys, we still have to keep our eye on her! We have to keep our eye on her until everybody leaves out of here! We still don't know whether she might decide to get angry and do something later!"
"Okay Dad," Sammy and Thomas say. They then follow every­one else into the kitchen.
Everybody is showing Dana all the food that was prepared for her party! They show her the big long birthday cake Tony had bought for her! They continue to hug and kiss Dana, surrounding her with love!
After a short while, half of the crowd is in the living room, eat­ing their plates of food. Tony enters into the living room while Dana remains in the kitchen with her family and relatives. As Joseph eats his plate of food, he asks, "Hey Tony! Did Dana finally crack a smile on her face yet?"
"No not yet Joseph! She's still in a state of shock right now!"
"So where has she been? What took her so long to come home?"
"Oh she said her car broke down! She said she had to get it towed!"
"Oh yeah? What caused her car to break down?" 
"She says she doesn't know! She said she won't find out until tomorrow morning."
"So how did she get home?" 
"She said she walked!" 
"She walked? From where?" 
"From the highway!" 
"From the highway?" 
"That's what she said!"
"Why did she have to walk all the way home from the highway? She could have called somebody to come pick her up!"
"Yeah I told her that she should have! I had just got on her case about it! I tell Dana time and time again to call me or somebody else whenever she gets a problem with her car! But the important thing is, that she is safe! We'll take care of her car tomorrow, but right now let's take care of her."
"You're right Tony," Teresa smiles and says. "We're here to cel­ebrate!"
Tony goes back to the kitchen. Towana turns to Peto and happi­ly says, "See Peto, I told you Dana's car probably broke down and she had to walk! That's why she was walking real slow when we saw her! She was tired! She was tired from all that walking! Didn't I tell you?"
"Yeah you told me alright," Peto says as he continues to eat his plate of food.
Everybody continues to celebrate. So far, everybody at the party is totally unaware of what Dana had just done. She had just mur­dered three people! She had murdered three different people within the last several hours! While all of Dana's family, relatives and friends were being very busy all evening and all night long, trying to prepare a nice big celebration for her, showing her their love, their care and their concern, waiting around all evening and all night for her to come home, she was across town murdering people! No one at the party has a clue to what Dana just did as they all continue to celebrate through the night.
It is Saturday morning now. Everybody at the party had gone home except for several of Dana's family members, who are still inside the apartment. Sleepy eyed Tony comes into the living room. He looks around and does not see Dana around anywhere. He looks into the kitchen and sees Gracy cleaning up. He asks her, "Where's Dana Grandma? She's not in the bedroom or the bathroom."
"Oh Dana had left early this morning Tony. She said she wanted to hurry up and take care of her car. She told me to tell you that she'll be right back."
"Oh yeah? Why didn't she wake me up to let me know that she was getting ready to leave and take care of her car? I would have gone with her!"
"Dana said that she didn't want to wake or disturb you or any­body else. She told me not to disturb anybody. She said she figured that you and everybody else were all tired and decided not to bother any of you."
"Oh yeah?" 
"Yeah."
The telephone is then heard ringing from the bedroom. Tony tells Gracy, "I'll be back." He leaves the kitchen entryway and hur­ries towards the bedroom. He enters the bedroom and answers the telephone, saying, "Hello?"
Christine, on the other end of the phone says, "Hello, Tony?"
"Hi Mom! How are you?"
"I'm feeling okay this morning Tony! How about yourself?" 
"So far so good!"
"So how did everything go at the party last night?"
"Oh everything went okay! We all had a good time! Dana finally showed up. She came home late, but she finally showed up."
"Dana showed up? You mean people were still there at the party?"
"Yeah! Everyone was still here!"
"You mean everyone stayed until Dana arrived?"
"Yeah!"
"Oh I see. Well how did it go? How did Dana react? I bet she was real surprised, huh?"
"She sure was! She was real shocked! She didn't expect any of this!"
"I bet she didn't! Well where is Dana at now?" 
"Well Grandma just told me that Dana had went out to take care of her car early this morning!"
"Oh yeah? What happened to her car?"
"Well after Dana came in late last night, we all questioned her about where was she all night and what happened to her! She told me and the rest of the family that her car broke down, that's why she came home so late! She said she had walked all the way from the highway!"
"WHAT! SHE WALKED ALL THE WAY FROM THE HIGH­WAY?" 
"Yeah!"
"THAT TIME OF NIGHT?" 
"Yeah!"
"WELL HOW DID HER CAR BREAK DOWN? WHAT CAUSED IT TO BREAK DOWN?"
"Dana said she didn't know! She said that she was just driving on the highway when she hit a hard object on the highway! That's when her car conked out on her!"
"Oh Tony, the car didn't get a flat tire did it?"
"I don't think so! If it had been a flat tire, Dana would have changed the flat and fixed it herself! She has a good spare tire in the trunk.  So I don't think it was a flat tire. She told everybody last night that she's gonna try to find out what's wrong with the car today."
"Well did she call anybody last night to let someone know that her car broke down on her?"
"No, she didn't call anybody! But that's what she does all the time, never calls anybody! Dana is a very independent person. She never wants to depend on anybody for help. She wants to do things all on her own."
"Yeah I know. That's just how she is, very independent. Where's Sammy Tony? Is he still there?"
"Yeah he's still here. He's laying down in the living room."
"Oh let me speak to him for a minute please?"
"Sure Ma. Hold on for a minute. I'll go get him." Tony puts the phone receiver down to the side. He then heads for the bedroom doorway and leaves the room.
Tony soon enters the living room. He walks over to Sammy who is lying on the couch and tells him, "Your mom is on the phone Sammy. She wants to speak to you."
"Okay," Sammy says as he gets up off the couch. He starts to head towards the bedroom. He goes into the bedroom, picks up the telephone receiver and says, "Hi Mom."
"SO YOU GOT EVERYBODY OUT OF THE APARTMENT LAST NIGHT, HUH SAMMY!" Christine angrily shouts! "TONY JUST TOLD ME THAT ALL THE PEOPLE WERE STILL INSIDE THE APARTMENT WHEN DANA ARRIVED!"
"Yeah they were Mom! But Dad, Thomas and I kept close to Dana the whole entire time, just in case she decided to get angry and start attacking people! She didn't do anything crazy Mom! Everything at the party had gone okay! There were no tragedies!"
"NO?"
"No!"
"ARE YOU SURE SAMMY?"
"Yes Mom, I'm telling you the truth! There were no tragedies here! Dana didn't go off!"
"FOR YOUR SAKE SAMMY, I HOPE SHE DIDN'T GO OFF! I HOPE THERE WERE NO TRAGEDIES INSIDE THAT APARTMENT LAST NIGHT, BECAUSE IF ANYBODY WOULD HAVE GOTTEN HURT, YOU WOULD HAVE TO DEAL WITH ME SAMMY BECAUSE I TOLD YOU TO GET ALL THOSE PEO­PLE OUT OF THAT APARTMENT LAST NIGHT AND YOU DIDN'T!"
"I'm sorry Mom! I just didn't know what to do! That was a very tight situation for me! Dana didn't do anything crazy! We tried to keep her mind off her problems by comforting her, showing her the gifts, showing her the food and showing her all the love that we have for her! That's what kept her cool!"
"Yeah?"
"Yeah Mom!"
"Alright Sammy. I'm just glad to know that everything had turned out okay. I mean it's nice what you all did for Dana, but knowing the state of mind she was in, I felt that she would see things differently."
"We don't know how Dana really saw things deep down inside Mom. But around an hour and a half after Dana arrived, Tony came to me and Thomas and told us that Dana had whispered right in his ear that she wanted the people out of here."
"WHAT! OH NO!"
"Yeah! When Tony told us that, Thomas and I quickly got Dad, Grandma and Grandpa! Then Dad, Thomas and I surrounded Dana and kept her calm while Grandma, Grandpa and Aunt Celeste told everybody at the party that Dana suddenly got sick and wasn't feel­ing well and that everybody had to leave! Grandma, Grandpa, Aunt Celeste and the rest of the family quickly got all the people out of the apartment! They sent all the people out of the apartment right away! Everybody got out of the apartment safely!"
"WELL THANK GOD SAMMY! I KNEW DANA WOULD­N'T HAVE WANTED ALL THOSE PEOPLE INSIDE THAT APARTMENT! I KNEW SHE WOULDN'T HAVE WANTED THEM THERE IN THE FIRST PLACE! SHE WAITED UNTIL AFTER AN HOUR AND A HALF TO SAY SOMETHING BECAUSE SHE PROBABLY JUST WANTED TO COOL OFF BEFORE SHE SAID ANYTHING! OH MY GOD SAMMY, HOW WAS DANA REACTING AS THE PEOPLE WERE LEAVING?"
"Well while Dad, Thomas and I were surrounding her way in the back of the kitchen, she just kept staring at the people as they were leaving! She didn't say a word! She just stood there with her arms folded and kept staring at the people! Then Dad and Thomas told me later on that they notice Dana kept staring back and forth at the people and the big kitchen knife that was laying right near the cake!" 
"WHAT! OH MY GOD!"
"Yeah! But she didn't do anything crazy Mom! Dad, Thomas and I kept a close grip on her!"
"I'M GLAD SHE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING CRAZY SAMMY! EVEN THOUGH SHE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING CRAZY, THAT DOESN'T MEAN THAT DEEP DOWN INSIDE, HER MIND WASN'T GOING CRAZY! SHE KEPT STARING BACK AND FORTH AT THE KNIFE FOR A REASON! SEE WHAT I MEAN SAMMY? I WAS KIND OF EXPECTING SOME­THING LIKE THIS TO HAPPEN! IF NOT AS BAD, ALMOST CLOSE TO IT!"
"Well we were just prepared this time Mom! None of us were prepared for that deadly tragedy back in Jamaica!"
"YEAH THAT'S TRUE SAMMY! BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN THAT YOU ALL ARE GONNA KEEP HAVING SUR­PRISE PARTIES FOR DANA IN THE FUTURE JUST BECAUSE YOU WERE PREPARED THIS TIME OR YOU GONNA KEEP GETTING PREPARED, ARE YOU?"
"No of course not Mom! We're not gonna put Dana through that! I'm gonna try to make sure that this will be the last surprise party for her! If we ever have any more parties for Dana in the future, we're gonna let her know about it up front! Then we'll let her decide from there if she still wants to have a party or not!"
"YOU BETTER!"
"It's just that this was all Tony and Grandma's idea in the first place Mom! They didn't know about what happened back in Jamaica until we all told Grandma about it later on! Tony still does­n't know about it though!"
"No?"
"No."
"Well for everybody's sake in the future, no more surprise par­ties for Dana, alright?" 
"Alright Mom."
"Okay Sammy, I'm gonna get ready to go. Tell Dana I'll call her later."
"Okay Mom, I will. And please forgive me Mom? I'm sorry if I disappointed you!"
"Alright Sammy, I forgive you. Just as long as no one got hurt."
"No, no one got hurt Mom. The only tragedy that happened was Dana's car breaking down on her late last night, forcing her to walk home."
"Yeah Tony had just told me about it when I spoke to him a few minutes ago." 
"He did?"
"Yeah. Make sure Dana gets that car fixed Sammy! I don't want her walking alone from the highway any time of night!"
"We were all gonna help Dana with her car this morning Mom, but she got up very early this morning and somehow snuck out of the apartment before we all woke up and realized that she was gone! Grandma said that while she was cleaning up the kitchen, Dana had come in there and told her that she was going to get her car taking care of! Grandma said that Dana told her not to disturb any of us! So far we don't know where Dana is at the moment!"
"No?"
"No."
"Well whenever Dana comes back home, or whenever you see her again, tell her that I called and I want to speak to her, okay?" 
"Okay Mom. I will."
"Good. Okay Sammy. I'll call you all tomorrow."
"Okay Mom."
"Bye now. I love you."
"I love you too Mom. Bye." Sammy hangs up the telephone.
During the meantime, Dana is across town. She is at her cousin Nancy's house, dressed in a short blue blazer, white blouse and blue pants. She is about to walk out of Nancy's front door. Nancy, who is around 34-years old, walks behind Dana and worriedly asks, "Do I have to say all of that Dana?"
"Yes!"
"Why?"
"JUST DO IT NANCY!" Dana angrily shouts as she turns around towards Nancy! "IF ANYBODY CALLS OR COMES TO YOU AND ASKS YOU ANYTHING ABOUT MY WHERE­ABOUTS, JUST TELL THEM I WAS WITH YOU LAST NIGHT, ALRIGHT?"
"Alright Dana."
"GOOD!  Now, do you remember everything I told you to say?" 
"Yeah, I remember everything you told me to say!"
"Are you sure?" 
"Yeah, I'm sure!"
"Good! But before I go, let me just hear one more time what you're going to say if anybody asks you anything about my where­abouts last night."
"If anybody asks me where was Dana Brown Friday night, I'm going to tell them that Dana was with me Friday night. She came to visit me because I was very depressed. Dana arrived at my house around 4:30 in the afternoon. We stayed up and watched television most of the night. Then Dana fell asleep on the couch. She woke up later on and did not leave my house until around 12:30 after mid­night. I'll keep rehearsing this in my head."
"Good. That's what I want to hear. Okay Nancy, I have to get back now. I have to get back home before Tony wakes up."
"Before Tony wakes up? Why?"
"Because if he wakes up and finds me gone, he'll call all over the world looking for me! And when he catches up with me, I'm never gonna hear the end of it! That's why I have to hurry up and get back!"
"Oh. Okay."
Dana turns back around and opens the front door. She quickly leaves out of the house with Nancy standing behind in the doorway. Dana goes to her car which is parked in the street. Once she gets into her vehicle, she starts up the engine and pulls off very fast! Nancy continues to stand in the doorway as she watches Dana's car speed away!
The following Monday morning, Teresa is inside her apartment. The telephone rings. Teresa goes to pick it up and says, "Hello?" 
"Hello Teresa?" 
"Speaking!"
"Hi Teresa! This is Anne from the stockroom!" 
"Oh hi Anne! I didn't expect to hear from you! What's happen­ing?"
"Oh Teresa, I got some bad news for you!"
"Bad news? What bad news Anne? What is it?"
"Wallace the head boss' family had called up the job this morn­ing! They said that Wallace won't be coming to work back here any­more because he got hit and ran over by a car!"
"WHAT!"
"Yes Teresa! Wallace's family had called up and said that Wallace got hit and ran over by a taxi cab as he was crossing the street, right in front of his house last Friday evening!"
"WHAT! HE GOT HIT AND RAN OVER BY A TAXI?"
"Yeah! This all happened when he got home right after he left the job!"
"OH NO!"
"Yeah! Wallace's family said that the taxi cab had hit and ran over Wallace and just kept on going! It was a hit-and-run! After that, Wallace was rushed right to the hospital! He died later on at the hos­pital Teresa!"
"WHAT! HE'S DEAD?"
"Yes he's dead Teresa! Wallace is dead! The doctors couldn't save him!"
"OH MY GOD ANNE! WELL DID THE POLICE EVER CATCH THE CAB OR THE CAB DRIVER?"
"No they didn't! It was a manhunt and a lookout for the cab and the cab driver, but the cab or the driver was never found!"
"OH NO ANNE! I'M REALLY SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT THIS!"
"So are we Teresa! I feel real bad for Wallace's family!" 
"Yeah me too!"
"I think they're supposed to have Wallace's funeral tomorrow morning."
"His funeral? Are you gonna go to the funeral Anne?" 
"Yeah I think I'll go. So are some of the other employees." 
"They are?" 
"Yeah."
"Well, I'm sorry that this bad incident had to happen to Wallace!"
"Yeah me too. So how have you been by the way Teresa? We all miss you at the stockroom!"
"You do?"
"Of course we do!"
"Yeah I miss you guys too!"
"Well how is Dana doing by the way?"
"Oh she's doing okay! We had a surprise birthday party for her last Friday night!"
"Oh you did?"
"Yeah!"
"Where?"
"Right inside her apartment! Her boyfriend Tony, his family and Dana's whole family planned the big celebration for her to help her with the depression of us both being fired and everything!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah!"
"Oh that was nice of everybody! So how did Dana take the sur­prise party?"
"Oh she was in a state of shock! She didn't expect any of that, but it all turned out okay." 
"It did?"
"Yeah! A short while later, I think Dana had gotten sick!"
"She got sick?"
"Yeah!"
"Why? What happened?"
"Well Dana's grandparents had told everyone at the party that Dana had ate something that didn't agree with her. They said Dana all of a sudden got sick and wasn't feeling well and that everyone had to leave."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. So everyone at the party left. So did I. Dana doesn't eat too much sweets anyway. She probably got sick off the slice of cake she had eaten."
"She probably did. Her body probably isn't used to it."
"No, I don't think it is."
"So what was Dana doing as you and everybody else were leav­ing her apartment? Did she look sick?"
"I don't know Anne! We couldn't really see Dana too well! Her father and her two older brothers were surrounding her way in the back of the kitchen! She probably was about to throw up or some­thing! I don't know, but her grandparents and one of her aunts had gotten everybody out of the apartment! But the whole party turned out okay. Everyone had a good time."
"That's good Teresa. I'm glad everyone had a good time. So what have you and Dana been doing with yourselves since the last time we all saw you two?"
"Oh we've been doing some job hunting and everything, but we haven't found anything yet."
"Well hopefully you two will find something soon."
"Yeah, I sure hope so Anne. Listen Anne, I'm gonna try to call up Dana and tell her the bad news of what happened to Wallace!"
"Okay Teresa."
"And thanks for letting me know about what happened! I'm very sorry that it happened to him!"
"Yeah me too! Okay, I'll talk to you later Teresa!"
"Okay Anne! By now!" Teresa hangs up the telephone. She tries to call up Dana and Tony's apartment, but there is no answer. She then calls up Dana's family. She tells them all the bad news of what happened to her and Dana's ex-boss Wallace! She tells them that Wallace had been hit and ran over by a car Friday evening! Dana's family becomes shocked and stunned by the bad news!
Around 6:00 that evening, Diane D shows up at her grandparents' house. She gets the bad news from the family about Wallace's death. They all talk about the incident! Teresa then shows up at Gracy and Mike's house. She starts to talk with Diane D and everybody else about the incident. Soon, everyone learns of the news about Dana and Teresa's ex-boss Wallace. They are all saying how sad it is of what happened to Wallace. They are all frightened, wondering who could have ran Wallace over and kept on going! Someone then asks Teresa, "What kind of car was it that ran over your boss?"
"A taxi cab."
"A taxi cab?" everyone, stunned, ask.
"Yeah. Anne said it was a taxi cab that ran over Wallace Friday evening."
Everyone is surprised. When they all realize that it was a taxi that ran over Wallace, they all become relieved. Thomas then asks, "Why is everyone so relieved that it was a taxi that ran over Wallace?" Everyone looks at Thomas. They then look at each other. No one knows what to say. They look back at Thomas. Thomas then leaves the living room.
Diane D and Teresa look at each other. They then go outside the house and close the front door behind themselves. They sit down on the front steps. Teresa looks at Diane D and asks, "Diane, were you thinking what I and everybody else was probably thinking?"
Diane D looks at Teresa and replies, "I don't know. What were you and everybody else thinking, Teresa?"
"I don't know. I thought that maybe Dana might have had some­thing to do with that accident of Wallace. But when Anne told me that it was a taxi cab that ran over Wallace, I was a little relieved myself. Dana doesn't drive or take a taxi. She has her own car."
"You know Teresa, I was kind of thinking the exact same thing myself, that it could have been Dana who had ran your boss over and killed him. But when I realized that it was a taxi cab, I was relieved also."
"You were?"
"Yeah."
Around an hour later, David gets ready to leave out of the house. He kisses his mother Gracy and says, "I'll see you later Mom."
"Okay David."
The telephone then rings. Gracy goes to answer it. She picks up the phone and says, "Hello?"
"YEAH GRANDMA?"
"Yeah!"
"IT'S ME TONY! I JUST CALLED TO TELL YOU THAT DANA HAD JUST BEEN PICKED UP BY THE POLICE!"
"WHAT!"
"YEAH! SHE WAS PICKED UP BY THE POLICE AT OUR APARTMENT AROUND AN HOUR AGO FOR QUESTIONING!"
"WHAT! FOR QUESTIONING? OH NO! WAIT! HOLD ON TONY! LET ME TELL DAVID!" David is about to walk out of the front door as Gracy quickly calls out, "DAVID! DAVID!"
David turns around and rushes back to his mother, asking, "What's the matter Mom? What is it?"
"TONY JUST CALLED ME AND TOLD ME THAT DANA WAS PICKED UP BY THE POLICE!"
"WHAT!"
"YES! HE TOLD ME THAT THE POLICE HAD PICKED UP DANA AT THEIR APARTMENT AROUND AN HOUR AGO FOR QUESTIONING!"
"QUESTIONING? ABOUT WHAT?"
"I DON'T KNOW! I DON'T HAVE THE SLIGHTEST IDEA!" 
David grabs the phone receiver and hysterically shouts, "TONY?"
"YEAH DAD? DANA WAS JUST PICKED UP BY THE POLICE AT OUR APARTMENT AROUND AN HOUR AGO! SHE IS IN POLICE CUSTODY RIGHT NOW FOR QUESTIONING!"
"WHAT! WHAT DID DANA DO?"
"I DON'T KNOW, BUT THE POLICE HAVE HER IN THE BACK ROOM SOMEWHERE! I'M DOWN AT THE POLICE STATION RIGHT NOW!"
"OKAY TONY! JUST STAY PUT! I'M ON MY WAY DOWN THERE!" David hangs up the telephone! Soon, the rest of Dana's family hears the news of her arrest! They all become hysterical! They soon rush out of the house and rush to their cars! They are all won­dering what is going on and why was Dana picked up by the police!  As they rush to the police station, they turn on the car radio and lis­ten to the gospel, 'Jesus Walk With Me.' They are all scared and ner­vous.
Dana's family soon reach the police station and enter into the lobby! Officer Reid, a male white around his mid 40's comes out to the lobby! He comes out to Dana's family as David angrily shouts to him, "HELLO, MY NAME IS DAVID BROWN! THAT'S MY DAUGHTER DANA THAT I HEAR YOU HAVE BACK THERE IN CUSTODY!"
"Oh yeah? Well your daughter Dana is being questioned for a homicide of an ex-co-worker of hers!"
"WHAT!" David and his family shockingly shout! "HOMICIDE OF AN EX-CO-WORKER?"
"That's right!"
David and his family try to see Dana, but cannot! They want to know what the heck is going on in the back!
In the back room, Dana sits in a chair as she shouts to several police officers, "I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT GUY!"
Police Officer Kersh, a male white around his mid 40's, sits in front of Dana and shouts, "WHERE WERE YOU THE NIGHT OF THE MURDER?"
"I TOLD YOU, I STAYED AT A COUSIN'S HOUSE!"
"WHAT COUSIN?"
"HER NAME IS NANCY!"
Officer Kersh tells Dana to get in touch with this cousin Nancy to verify her alibi. Dana calls up her cousin Nancy. Nancy picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Nancy, it's me Dana! The police wants to speak to you!"
Officer Kersh takes the phone receiver out of Dana's hand! He speaks on the phone and says, "Hello who's this?"
"This is Nancy!"
"Hello Nancy. My name is Officer Kersh from the police depart­ment. Nancy, I would like to ask you some questions, if you don't mind."
"You would like to ask me some questions?"
"Yes."
"What questions?"
"Nancy, do you have a cousin named Dana? A cousin named Dana Brown?"
"Do I have a cousin named Dana Brown?"
"Yes."
"Yes, I do! Yes I do have a cousin named Dana Brown! Why? What's going on?"
"Where was your cousin Dana last Friday night?"
"Where was my cousin Dana last Friday night?"
"That's right."
"Dana was with me!"
"She was with you?"
"Yes! She was with me! Why? What's going on?"
"Where were you two last Friday night?"
"We were both at my house last Friday night!" 
"You were both at your house?"
"Yes!"
"Why was your cousin Dana at your house last Friday night?" 
"She came to visit me."
"Why was she visiting you?"
"We're cousins! She's my family! That's why she came to visit me!"
"I understand that, but I need to know why did your cousin Dana visit you that particular night?"
"I was real depressed that night! I had some personal problems! I had recently broke up from a relationship! I needed somebody to talk to, so Dana stayed with me at my house the whole night!"
"From what time did your cousin Dana stayed at your house?"
"Oh she first came by my house at around 4:30 Friday after­noon! Then she stayed until around 12:30 after midnight! Why, is there something wrong?"
"Yes Miss Nancy! We needed some answers!"
"Some answers? Answers for what?"
"A homicide investigation!"
"A HOMICIDE?"
"Yes! Miss Nancy you might have to appear in court!"
"IN COURT?"
"Yes! We need you to verify an alibi, alright?"
"AN ALIBI?"
"Yes!"
"AN ALIBI FOR WHAT? FOR WHOM?"
"We'll take care of that part when you go to court, okay?"
"Oh. Alright."
"Okay Miss Nancy. Sorry to bother you."
"That's alright."
"Good-bye." Officer Kersh hangs up the telephone. He then says to Dana, "Okay Miss Brown, your cousin Nancy claims that you were with her last Friday night."
"See? See what I told you? I told you that I was with my cousin Nancy! I told you that me and my cousin Nancy were together at her house that night! Now if you would excuse me officers, I have a lot of things to do," Dana smartly says as she is about to get up from the chair.
Officer Kersh sits Dana back down in the chair and shouts, "YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE MISS BROWN! THE ONLY PLACE YOU'RE GOING IS TO THE SLAMMER!" Dana shockingly and stunned looks at Officer Kersh!
In the front lobby of the police station, Dana's family is still shouting all over the place! Joseph and Teresa soon show up! They and Dana's family start to hear shouting coming from the back room! They all try to go towards the back room to where Dana is, but Officer Reid stops them! Officer Kersh comes out to Dana's family. Officer Reid tells Kersh, "This is the woman's family! This is her father," as he points to David.
Officer Kersh tells David, "Your daughter Dana is being arrest­ed for suspicion of murder!"
"WHAT! SUSPICION OF MURDER?" David and his family shockingly shout! David then shouts, "WHAT MURDER? WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?"
"An Indian fellow that had worked at your daughter's old job was slain in the Bronx last Friday night!" David and his family become shocked as Officer Kersh continues, "He was found with his head bashed in right outside his apartment building! His skull was fractured! He had died later on at the hospital from a hard blow to the head!" David's family becomes more shocked and stunned as Officer Kersh continues, "We think your daughter might have had something to do with his murder!"
"WHAT!" David and his family shout! David then shouts, "WHAT MAKES YOU THINK MY DAUGHTER HAD ANY­THING TO DO WITH THAT MURDER? I MEAN WHAT DOES THIS GUY'S MURDER HAVE TO DO WITH MY DAUGHTER? IF AN EX-CO-WORKER OF MY DAUGHTER'S WAS SLAIN, WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT SHE WAS INVOLVED?"
Officer Kersh angrily waves long sheets of paper in David's face and shouts, "BECAUSE OF YOUR DAUGHTER'S HISTORY! WE HAVE YOUR DAUGHTER'S HISTORY RIGHT HERE ON RECORD! WE KNOW YOUR DAUGHTER'S HISTORY OF HAVING A VIOLENT TEMPER! WE HAVE HER FINGER­PRINTS RIGHT HERE ON FILE! YOUR DAUGHTER HAS A LONG HISTORY OF ASSAULT CHARGES AGAINST HER AND WE KNOW THAT SHE HAS HAD A FEW MANSLAUGHTER CHARGES AND A FEW SUSPICIOUS MURDER CHARGES AGAINST HER IN THE PAST! WE CHECKED OUT THE VIC­TIM'S INFORMATION FROM HIS FAMILY AND FROM HIS JOB I.D. WE FOUND OUT WHERE HE HAD WORKED! WE CONTACTED HIS JOB! WE FOUND OUT FROM A FEW EMPLOYEES THERE THAT THE VICTIM HAD A PROBLEM WITH YOUR DAUGHTER A WEEK BEFORE HE WAS KILLED! WE FOUND OUT THAT THE VICTIM HAD CAUSED YOUR DAUGHTER AND A FRIEND OF YOUR DAUGHTER'S NAMED TERESA TO GET FIRED AND REMOVED FROM THEIR JOB! WE FIGURED THAT YOUR DAUGHTER MIGHT HAVE RETALIATED AGAINST THIS GUY SOMEHOW!"
"OH YEAH?
"YES!"
"WELL THIS IS TERESA RIGHT HERE," David shouts as he brings Teresa to Officer Kersh! 
"Oh yeah?" 
"YES!"
"Teresa," Officer Kersh says. "Did you and Miss Dana Brown worked together at a stockroom department in Long Island City?" 
"Yes we did."
"Is it true that you and Miss Dana Brown were both fired and removed from your jobs at the stockroom?" 
"Yes we were." 
"Why?"
"I really don't know why."
"THAT STILL DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING!" David shouts! "THAT STILL DOESN'T MEAN THAT MY DAUGHTER KILLED THE GUY! ANYBODY COULD HAVE KILLED HIM! IT MIGHT HAVE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THEIR JOB! WERE MY DAUGHTER'S FINGERPRINTS AT THE SCENE?"
"No!" Officer Kersh says. "Your daughter's fingerprints were
not found at the scene! We didn't find any fingerprints at the scene, but we're investigating on it! We don't want to take any chances though! But to be on the safe side, your daughter has to be sent to jail!"
"WHAT!" David and his family shockingly shout! They all become hysterical!
"Your daughter will remain in jail until her court date!"
David and his family remain shocked and stunned! They try to go to the back room to see Dana, but are not allowed to. They con­tinue to be hostile at the police station!
After a short while, Dana is sent off to Central Booking. Her family leaves out of the police station and hop into their several cars. They follow the police car which Dana is in, to Central Booking. They stay at Central Booking all night.
A few hours pass. Dana is now being sent off to jail. She will remain locked up in jail, until her court date.
After being at the police station and Central Booking all night long, David and his family start to head for home.















Chapter 26

Christine's Anger


David and his family soon arrive home at his parents' house in Rosedale, Queens. It is very late. It is 1:00 in the morning. David is very tired. He sits down on the bed and looks down at the telephone. He picks up the telephone and dials Christine's number, down in Jamaica.
Down in Jamaica, the telephone rings inside Christine's house. There is no answer. The telephone rings for a while. There still is no answer. David then presses on the telephone button, disconnecting the line. He dials Christine's parents' number in Jamaica.
In Winston and Marie's house, the telephone rings. Alan comes to the telephone. He picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey, who's this Alan?"
"Yes it's me. Who's this David?"
"Yeah, how are you Alan?"
"Oh I'm alright David! And yourself?"
"I'm alright. Hey listen Alan, I'm sorry for calling down there so late, but is Christine there? I have to speak to her real quick!"
"Yeah Christine is here. We're all celebrating a birthday party for Grandpa Gordon."
"Oh you are?"
"Yeah."
"I'm really sorry for interrupting over there Alan, but I have to speak to Christine right away!"
"Okay David, hold on." Alan puts the phone receiver down on the side and goes away. He goes into the kitchen where Christine, the rest of their family and around 18 relatives are all standing around a table, celebrating a birthday party for Marie's father Gordon. As Christine's family and relatives stand around the kitchen table, telling Gordon to blow out the candles on his birthday cake, Alan goes to Christine. He tells her, "David is on the telephone Christine. He wants to speak to you."
Christine and her family look at Alan, wondering why David is calling so late. Christine looks at the clock and says, "Oh boy, I hope Dana is not in trouble again." She looks at her family and many rel­atives and tells them, "I'll be right back." Christine then leaves the kitchen.
Christine enters the living room and picks up the telephone receiver. She says, "David?"
"Yeah Christine, it's me! Hi! I'm very sorry for calling down there so late but there's something very important I have to tell you! Dana has been arrested again!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! She was arrested on suspicion of murder and now she's in jail again!"
"WHAT! SUSPICION OF MURDER? OH MY GOD DAVID! WHAT HAPPENED THIS TIME?"
"An ex co-worker of Dana's was slain!" 
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! You know the Indian guy I told you about before? The one who had caused Dana and Teresa to both lose their jobs?" 
"WHO HIM? HE WAS SLAIN?"
"Yeah! The police said that he was found with his head bashed in right outside his apartment building in the Bronx last Friday night!"
"WHAT! OH NO!"
"Yeah! The police say that he had a hard blow to the head! They said his skull was fractured! He died later on at the hospital!"
"WHAT! OH MY GOD!"
"Yeah! The police checked out the victim's I.D. and found out from his I.D. and from his family where he worked! Then they con­tacted his job! They found out that the victim had caused Dana and Teresa to get fired from their jobs a week before he was slain!"
"WHAT! OH MY GOD!"
"Yeah! The police suspect that Dana might have killed this guy! They think that she might have killed this guy out of revenge or retaliation! The police say that they have Dana's fingerprints on file and that they know her history of having a violent temper! They said that they also know her history of having manslaughter charges and suspicious murder charges against her!"
"WHAT! OH DAVID DO THE POLICE HAVE ANY PROOF THAT IT WAS DANA WHO KILLED THIS GUY?"
"No! They do not have any proof yet Christine! They say that they did not find any fingerprints at the scene, but said they're inves­tigating on it! So far the police only suspect Dana of killing this guy! They don't have any proof yet!"
"OH MY GOD!"
"Another bad thing happened Christine!" 
"OH NO DAVID! WHAT IS IT?"
"Dana and Teresa's ex-boss Wallace had got hit and ran over by a taxi cab earlier last Friday evening too!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! It happened right outside his home in New Jersey! It was a hit-and-run Christine! The taxi cab kept on going! Wallace died later on at the hospital!"
"WHAT! HE'S DEAD TOO? OH MY GOD!"
"Yeah! Teresa had called up the family and told us about it today! Then she came by the house this evening and said that a for­mer co-worker named Anne had called her up and told her about the bad news! Teresa said that Anne heard the news from Wallace's fam­ily!"
"Oh yeah? David, you're saying that both of these incidents with Dana and Teresa's ex-boss and their ex co-worker happened last Friday evening and night?"
"Yeah!"
"Oh David, weren't you all throwing a surprise birthday party for Dana last Friday night! I called up there very late last Friday night and spoke to Tony and Sammy on the telephone! Tony and Sammy told me that you all were throwing a surprise birthday party for Dana! Tony told me that nobody knew where Dana was that evening! I heard that Dana had come home very late last Friday night! Maybe that's why she wasn't home David! She probably was involved in both of those incidents!"
"Now wait a minute Christine, we can't jump into any conclusions! First of all, it was a taxi cab that ran over Dana and Teresa's ex-boss! Second of all, Dana had come home late last Friday night because she said her car had broke down!"
"Yeah David, Dana's car might had broke down, but it probably broke down after she was involved in both of those incidents! Come on David, can't you see? Put two and two together!"
"Now come on Christine, we still can't jump into any conclu­sions!"
"NOW LOOK DAVID, THIS HAS GOT TO STOP AND THIS HAS GOT TO STOP RIGHT NOW! I MEAN EVERY TIME I TURN MY BACK, DANA IS GETTING ARRESTED OR SOME­THING! EVERY TIME MY BACK IS TURNED, DANA IS GET­TING ARRESTED FOR SOME ASSAULT CHARGE OR SOME MURDER CHARGE! I MEAN THIS IS THE LAST STRAW DAVID! THIS IS IT!" Christine's family and relatives hearing her shouting hurry out of the kitchen into the living room, as Christine continues, "I'M GONNA TRY TO CATCH A MORNING PLANE OUT OF HERE DAVID! AND WHEN I GET TO NEW YORK, DANA BETTER HOPE THAT THEY KEEP HER IN JAIL, BECAUSE THIS TIME SHE'S GONNA HAVE TO DEAL WITH ME! WHEN I COME UP THERE TO COURT, AND IF DANA IS FOUND NOT GUILTY AND DOES NOT HAVE TO GO TO PRISON, I'M GONNA BRING HER AND HER BROTHERS AND SISTERS BACK DOWN HERE TO JAMAICA TO STAY FOR GOOD!"
"WHAT! WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT CHRIS­TINE?"
"I'M GONNA COME UP THERE TO NEW YORK, AND WHEN DANA GOES TO COURT AND IF SHE IS FOUND NOT GUILTY, I'M GONNA BRING HER BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH ME! AND WHEN I GET DANA DOWN HERE, I'M GONNA KEEP A TIGHT LEASH ON HER DAVID! I'LL BE UP THERE IN THE MORNING!"
"Okay Christine," David stunned and nervously says. "I'll see you when you get up here!"
"OKAY DAVID! BY!" Christine slams down the telephone!
David stunned hangs up the telephone. He lets out a deep breath and stares surprisingly at the telephone.
Back in Jamaica, Christine's worried family members and rela­tives surround her and shout, "WHAT'S WRONG CHRISTINE?  WHAT'S GOING ON?"
"IT'S DANA AGAIN!" Christine angrily cries and shouts! "SHE'S BEEN ARRESTED AGAIN! SHE'S IN JAIL RIGHT NOW ON SUSPICION OF MURDER!"
"WHAT! SUSPICION OF MURDER?" Christine's family shockingly shouts!
"YEAH! DAVID JUST CALLED ME UP AND TOLD ME THAT AN EX-CO-WORKER OF DANA'S WAS SLAIN IN THE BRONX LAST FRIDAY NIGHT!"
"WHAT!"
"YEAH! HER EX CO-WORKER WAS FOUND OUTSIDE HIS APARTMENT BUILDING WITH HIS HEAD BASHED IN!"
"OH MY GOD CHRISTINE!" Winston shouts! "WHAT EX CO-WORKER?"
"THE SAME EX CO-WORKER WHO CAUSED DANA AND HER FRIEND TERESA TO BOTH LOSE THEIR JOBS!"
"WHO HTM?" Marie shockingly shouts! "THAT INDIAN GUY? HE WAS SLAIN?"
"YEAH! DAVID SAID THAT THE GUY'S SKULL WAS FRACTURED!"
"HIS SKULL WAS FRACTURED?"
"YEAH! HE DIED LATER ON AT THE HOSPITAL FROM A HARD BLOW TO THE HEAD!"
"OH MY GOD!" Christine's family and relatives shockingly shout!
"YEAH! DAVID TOLD ME THE POLICE SUSPECT THAT DANA MIGHT HAVE KILLED THIS GUY! DAVID SAID THE POLICE HAD FOUND THE VICTIM'S I.D. THEY FOUND OUT FROM HIS I.D. AND FROM HIS FAMILY WHERE HE WORKED AND CONTACT HIS JOB! THEN THEY FOUND OUT THAT THE VICTIM HAD CAUSED DANA AND HER FRIEND TERESA TO GET FIRED FROM THEIR JOBS A WEEK BEFORE HE WAS MURDERED AND THE POLICE SUSPECT THAT DANA MIGHT HAVE KILLED THIS GUY OUT OF REVENGE OR RETALIATION! THE POLICE CLAIM TO KNOW DANA'S VIOLENT TEMPERED HISTORY! THEY KNOW HER HISTORY OF HAVING MANSLAUGHTER CHARGES AND SUSPICIOUS MURDER CHARGES! THEY HAVE HER FINGERPRINTS AND HER RECORD ON FILE!"
"WHAT!"
"YEAH! DAVID ALSO TOLD ME THAT DANA AND TERE­SA'SEX-BOSS WALLACE HAD GOTTEN HIT AND RAN OVER BY A TAXI CAB RIGHT OUTSIDE HIS HOME IN NEW JERSEY!"
"WHAT!"
"DAVID TOLD ME THAT IT WAS A HIT-AND-RUN AND THAT THE TAXI CAB KEPT ON GOING! DAVID SAID THAT WALLACE DIED LATER ON AT THE HOSPITAL TOO! DAVID TOLD ME THAT BOTH INCIDENTS HAPPENED LAST FRI­DAY EVENING AND NIGHT!"
"WHAT!" Christine's family and relatives shockingly shout!
"CHRISTINE!" Marie shouts! "DIDN'T YOU TELL US THAT TONY, GRACY AND THE REST OF THEM WERE ALL THROWING A SURPRISE BIRTHDAY PARTY FOR DANA LAST FRIDAY EVENING?"
"YEAH THEY WERE! THEY HAD ALMOST SEVENTY PEOPLE INSIDE DANA'S APARTMENT, WAITING FOR HER TO COME HOME THAT NIGHT! I HEARD THAT DANA WAS OUT ALL NIGHT SINCE THAT AFTERNOON! NOBODY KNEW WHERE SHE WAS! NOBODY HAD SEEN OR HEARD FROM HER! TONY TOLD ME THAT NOBODY KNEW WHERE DANA WAS THAT ENTIRE NIGHT! THAT'S PROBABLY WHY SHE WASN'T HOME THAT NIGHT! SHE WAS PROBABLY OUT ON A KILLING SPREE! AND NOW SHE'S IN JAIL AGAIN! EVERY TIME I TURN MY BACK, DANA IS GETTING ARRESTED! EVERY TIME MY BACK IS TURNED, DANA IS GETTING ARRESTED FOR SOME ASSAULT CHARGE OR SOME MURDER CHARGE!" Christine angrily pounds her fist against her opposite hand as she continues, "SHE KEEPS PROMIS­ING ME THAT SHE'S NOT GOING TO GET INTO ANYMORE TROUBLE! SHE KEEPS PROMISING ME THAT SHE WON'T GO TO JAIL ANYMORE, AND THEN SEVERAL MONTHS DOWN THE LINE SHE GETS ANOTHER ASSAULT OR MUR­DER CHARGE AGAINST HER!"
"OH CHRISTINE!" Winston shouts! "HOW DO THE POLICE KNOW THAT IT WAS DANA WHO KILLED HER EX CO­WORKER? ANYBODY COULD HAVE KILLED HIM! THE GUY LIVED IN THE BRONX AND DANA LIVES IN QUEENS! HOW WOULD DANA KNOW WHERE THIS GUY LIVED ANY­WAY?" 
"OH COME ON DAD! KNOWING DANA SHE PROBABLY FOLLOWED THE GUY AND STALKED HTM! SEVERAL DIF­FERENT PEOPLE HAVE COMPLAINED TO AUTHORITIES IN THE PAST THAT THEY'VE SPOTTED DANA FOLLOWING THEM AND STALKING THEM! THEN THE NEXT THING YOU KNOW, A FEW OF THEM WIND UP BEING REPORTED MISS­ING AND THEN FOUND MURDERED! THAT WOMAN KATHY HAD MADE A COUPLE OF REPORTS TO THE POLICE THAT SHE HAD SPOTTED DANA FOLLOWING HER AND STALKING HER A COUPLE OF TIMES! SHE EVEN WENT TO COURT AND GOT A RESTRAINING ORDER AGAINST DANA, AND THEN SHE STILL WINDS UP BEING FOUND MUR­DERED!"
"OH MY GOD CHRISTINE!" a relative of Christine's shockingly shouts! "HOW WERE THESE PEOPLE MURDERED?"
"MOST OF THEM WERE CAUGHT OFF GUARD! THEY WERE EITHER STABBED TO DEATH OR THEY GOT A HARD VICIOUS BLOW TO THE HEAD! SOME WERE CHOKED TO DEATH AND SOME HAD BROKEN NECKS! SOME GOT RAN OVER BY A CAR BY A HIT-AND-RUN DRIVER! THEN A FEW QUICK EYE WITNESSES WOULD GIVE THE POLICE THE LICENSE PLATE NUMBER OF THE HIT-AND-RUN VEHICLE! WHEN THE POLICE TRACE THAT LICENSE PLATE NUM­BER, IT USUALLY WINDS UP BEING A STOLEN CAR! AND IF A PERSON IS FOUND DEAD, THEIR BODY WOULD BE FOUND EITHER NEAR THEIR HOME, SEVERAL MULES AWAY FROM THEIR HOME, OR A HUNDRED MILES AWAY FROM THEIR HOME AND THE POLICE COULD NEVER EVER FIND ANY FINGERPRINTS OR ANY CLUES AGAINST DANA! THEY COULD NEVER EVER PROVE BEYOND A SHADOW OF A DOUBT THAT IT WAS DANA!"
"YOU KNOW CHRISTINE, THIS IS REALLY OUT OF HAND!" Marie angrily shouts! "IF DANA IS GOING AROUND DOING ALL OF THIS STUFF, THEN SHE HAS TO BE STOPPED AND SHE HAS TO BE STOPPED NOW!"
"I AGREE WITH YOU A HUNDRED PERCENT MOM! BUT EVERY TIME DANA GETS ARRESTED AND GOES TO JAIL, MIKE AND GRACY KEEP BAILING HER OUT! THEY KEEP HIRING THESE CRIMINAL LAWYERS FOR DANA! THEN THESE CRIMIMAL LAWYERS WOULD PLEAD INSANITY FOR DANA, OR THEY WOULD CLAIM THAT SHE'S INCOM­PETENT TO STAND TRIAL OR DANA WOULD TAKE PLEA BARGAINS! THEN THE COURTS WOULD PUT DANA AWAY EST A MENTAL HOSPITAL FOR A SHORT TIME! THEN SEVER­AL MONTHS DOWN THE LINE, SHE'S BACK OUT THERE DOING THE SAME DAMN THING," Christine shouts as she angrily pounds her fist against the opposite hand again! "THE ONLY FACT I DO KNOW AND REALIZE IS THAT MY VERY OWN DAUGHTER IS A SERIAL KILLER," Christine cries as she holds her hands on her head!
Christine's family and relatives worriedly surround her as Winston angrily cries and shouts, "OH CHRISTINE, I TOLD MIKE AND GRACY BEFORE NOT TO BAIL DANA OUT OF TROU­BLE! I TOLD THEM BOTH BEFORE TO LET DANA SPEND SOME TIME IN JAIL OR PRISON, BUT THEY WOULDN'T LIS­TEN TO ME! THEY KEEP SAYING THAT DANA IS THEIR GRANDCHILD AND THAT THEY'RE NOT GOING TO LET THEIR GRANDCHILD ROT IN PRISON IF THEY COULD HELP IT!"
"OH DAD, DON'T THEY REALIZE? DANA IS DESTROY­ING OTHER FAMILIES' LIVES BY TAKING AWAY THEIR LOVED ONES! DON'T THEY REALIZE THAT? NOW DANA MIGHT HAVE FOLLOWED HER EX BOSS AND HER EX CO­WORKER LAST FRIDAY EVENING AND SHE MIGHT HAVE BEEN WAITNG FOR JUST THE RIGHT MOMENT TO MAKE A KILL! THOSE GUYS TOOK HER JOB SO SHE'S PROBABLY THE ONE WHO TOOK THEIR LIVES! I MEAN THIS IS THE LAST STRAW EVERYBODY! THIS IS IT! THIS HAS GOT TO STOP AND THIS HAS GOT TO STOP RIGHT NOW! I'M GONNA GO UP TO NEW YORK AND WHEN I GET THERE, IF DANA IS FOUND NOT GUILTY AND DOES NOT HAVE TO GO TO PRISON OR ANY INSTITUTIONS, I'M GONNA BRING HER AND MY OTHER CHILDREN BACK DOWN HERE TO LIVE WITH ME FOR GOOD!"
"WHAT!" Christine's family and relatives shockingly shout!
Three little girls ages 6 to 10 and an 8-year old boy come through the hallway, wondering what the shouting is all about as Christine angrily points her finger to everybody and continually shouts, "FROM NOW ON, MIKE AND GRACY DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT DANA BEING LOCKED UP IN PRISON BECAUSE I'M GOING TO BRING DANA DOWN HERE AND LOCK HER UP MYSELF! AND WHEN I GET DANA DOWN HERE, I'M GONNA KEEP A REAL TIGHT LEASH ON THAT WOMAN!"
"YOU BETTER KEEP A TIGHT LEASH ON DANA CHRIS­TINE!" Marie angrily shouts! "BECAUSE IF YOU DON'T, THEN I WILL!" Everyone shockingly looks at Marie as Marie angrily tells them all, "THAT'S RIGHT EVERYBODY! I HAVE MY OWN PLANS FOR DANA!" Marie angrily looks at Christine and firmly tells her, "YOU GO AND BRING HER DOWN HERE!"
Christine angrily storms off! Around 22 shocked family mem­bers and relatives storm off after her! They start to shout all over the place! The four children start to follow off after the family and rela­tives, wondering what's going on! An aunt of Christine's named Nina turns around towards the children and angrily shouts, "GO BACK TO YOUR ROOMS!" The children turn around and hurry back towards the hallway! They stop in the middle of the hallway as they continually hear shouting going on all over the house!
"What happened?" the little boy asks the older girl.
"I don't know," the older girl says. "I heard the telephone ring! Then I heard Aunt Christine shouting, yelling and everything! I kept hearing her yelling about Dana!"
The three younger children stare at the older girl.
Harold comes by the hallway. He sees the children standing in the middle of the hallway and shouts, "DIDN'T AUNT NINA TELL YOU ALL TO GO BACK TO YOUR ROOMS? HUH?" The chil­dren hurry through the hallway as Harold follows after them! The children run to their bedroom door and stand there! Harold goes to the children's bedroom door and tells them, "Get inside the room!"
The boy turns to Harold and says, "We hear shouting Uncle Harold! What happened? What happened to Aunt Christine?"
"Aunt Christine have to go to New York!"
"Why?" the older girl asks. "Did something happen in New York? Did something happen to Dana?"
"It's nothing any of you need to hear about! Just get in the bed and go to sleep!" Harold moves the children inside the room. The children worriedly look at Harold as he closes the bedroom door in their faces. Harold goes back through the hallway. He goes back to the family and relatives as they continue to shout all over the house!
A little while later, Harold comes out of his family's house. It is very dark outside. He goes to a small group of men standing outside the gate and tells them, "Listen guys, I can't make it out with you all right now!"
"No?" one of them asks. "What's the matter Harold? What's wrong?"
"A family emergency just came up! My niece is in jail again!" 
"What!" the stunned guys say. "Which niece? Dana?" 
"Yes, her again!"
"Oh Harold, what did your niece Dana do this time?"
"Oh you all know what she probably did!"
The guys stunned look at Harold as one of them says, "Oh no Harold, don't tell us that your niece Dana killed another person, mon!"
"Well we don't know yet whether she did it or not, but either way a person was murdered last Friday night! I have to go to New York with my sister! We're planning on leaving in a few or several hours!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah."
"Well who died?"
"An ex co-worker of Dana's! Some Indian guy that worked at her old job was slain in the Bronx last Friday night! He was found outside his apartment building with his head bashed in! He died later on at the hospital! Nobody knows who killed him! But either way, my niece is a suspect! She's in jail right now and I have to go to New York! I'm sorry I can't make it with you guys tonight, but I have to be there for my sister and my niece! My family and I are on our way over to my sister's house right now to help her start packing!"
"That's okay Harold, we understand! Sorry to hear that your niece is in trouble again! We hope everything goes well for you guys!"
"Yeah thanks! Listen I'll catch up with you guys when I come back, alright?"
"Alright Harold!"
"I'll see you guys later!" Harold then runs off! The men wave 'goodbye' and sadly stare at Harold as he runs off.
It is several hours later on a Tuesday morning. An airplane from Jamaica flies swiftly into Kennedy Airport! After the plane lands, an angry Christine and around 12 of her angry family members come from off the airplane! Christine had brought an entire mob with her!  They are coming for Dana! They all pack up together with all their luggage! They look around to make sure that everybody is around.  They see that everyone is around and together! Christine then shouts, "IS EVERYBODY READY?" 
"YEAH WE'RE READY!"
"OKAY LET'S GO!" A hopping mad Christine and her angry family members start to march off through the airport terminal!
Christine and her family members soon come out of the airport terminal and approach several cabs! They load up their luggage and hop into the cabs! The cabs pull off real quickly!
The cabs soon reach in front of Gracy and Mike's house. Christine and her family members get out of the cabs with their lug­gage. They approach outside of Gracy and Mike's front door and ring the doorbell.
Robert is inside the house. He goes to answer the front door. He opens up the front door and sees his angry mother standing out there with many of her family members and relatives, including his Uncle Harold, his Uncle Alan, his Aunt Patricia, Alan's two sons 33-year old Greg and 34-year old Nick, Aunt Nina, two uncles of Christine's, two male cousins of Christine's and two female cousins of Christine's. Robert says, "Hi Mom!" Christine barges inside the house, followed by her angry family members! Robert asks, "What's wrong Mom?"
Christine angrily turns around towards Robert and shouts, "YOU KNOW WHAT'S WRONG ROBERT! IT'S YOUR SISTER! SHE CAN'T SEEM TO STAY OUT OF JAIL!"
Gracy and Mike come from out of the kitchen. They approach Christine and her angry family members. They see how angry and upset Christine is as Mike shouts, "WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?"
David soon comes down the staircase, followed by his children, Sammy, Thomas, Missy, Landa and Linda, and a few other relatives. Everyone starts to surround Christine as she begins to shout, "NOW LISTEN EVERYBODY! I'M NOT HAVING DANA KEEP GOING BACK AND FORTH TO JAIL OR PRISON! I MEAN THIS IS THE LAST STRAW EVERYBODY! THIS IS IT! WHEN DANA GOES TO COURT AND IF SHE IS FOUND NOT GUILTY AND THEY RELEASE HER FROM JAIL, I'M GOING TO HAVE HER AND THE REST OF YOU ALL MOVE RIGHT BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH ME, PERMANENTLY!"
The entire family is all shocked and stunned at Christine's state­ment as Thomas asks, "What are you talking about Mom?"
"I'M GONNA HAVE YOU ALL MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH ME IF DANA IS RELEASED FROM JAIL!"
"Mom, you can't mean that," Sammy says.
"THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I MEAN SAMMY! I DON'T MEAN TO MAKE IT INCONVENIENT FOR ANY OF YOU, BUT I GOT TO KEEP MY EYE ON DANA! I DON'T WANT HER TO WIND UP SPENDING THE REST OF HER LIFE LOCKED UP IN PRISON! I'M AFRAID THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN TO HER IF THESE MURDER CHARGES OR MANSLAUGHTER CHARGES KEEPS COMING UP! SO JUST IN CASE DANA IS FOUND NOT GUILTY AND THEY RELEASE HER FROM JAIL, YOU ALL BETTER START PACK­ING YOUR STUFF AND YOUR BELONGINGS RIGHT NOW, BECAUSE YOU ALL ARE GONNA MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH ME!" Christine looks at Missy and shouts, "MISSY, I SUGGEST YOU START GETTING YOUR RESIGNA­TION PAPERS READY!  YOU TOO SAMMY!" Then she angrily storms off!
Missy follows after her angry mother and worriedly asks, "Mom, you're not suggesting that I just quit my job like that, are you? You're not suggesting for me to quit my job and fly off back to Jamaica, do you?"
Christine turns around and says, "You heard what I said Missy!"
"But Mom, this is my job! I can't just quit my job and take off like that! Why do we all have to move back to Jamaica?"
"Yeah Mom," Sammy says. "I can't just quit my job either! I had a future in that job!"
"Oh I have jobs for you all in Jamaica!" Christine angrily says. "You all are going to help me at my businesses! From now on, you all will be working for me! TURN IN YOUR RESIGNATION PAPERS!" Christine angrily turns back around and storms off!
Everyone in the house is shock and stunned! Puzzled, they look at Christine as she storms off into the kitchen! Gracy follows after Christine! She approaches Christine in the kitchen and worriedly asks, "Christine, why do you want all your children to move back down to Jamaica?"
"I'M SORRY MOM! I'M SO FRUSTRATED I JUST RATHER HAVE ALL MY CHILDREN BACK HOME IN JAMAICA WITH ME! LIKE I SAID BEFORE, THIS IS THE LAST STRAW! DANA HAS BEEN ARRESTED TOO MANY TIMES! SHE HAS A RECORD SHEET A MILE LONG! I DON'T WANT MY CHILD TO WIND UP STAYING IN PRISON FOR THE REST OF HER LIFE BECAUSE SHE CANNOT CONTROL HER VIOLENT TEMPER! I'D RATHER HAVE HER HOME BACK IN JAMAICA WITH ME! THIS WAY I CAN KEEP MY EYE ON HER!"
David comes into the kitchen and says, "Christine, you can't expect the children to just stop their lives here and stop what they're doing to pick up and move to Jamaica just like that!"
"THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECT DAVID! THAT'S WHY I'M HERE! TO TAKE THEM ALL BACK HOME WITH ME!"
"You can't mean that Christine! What about their lives here? What about their plans here? What about their future here?"
"THEY DON'T HAVE A FUTURE HERE ANYMORE DAVID! THEIR FUTURE WILL BE HOME BACK IN JAMAICA WITH ME!"
Mike comes into the kitchen. He and Gracy pull Christine to the side as they try to calm her down!
That same Tuesday morning, Missy arrives to the school. She catches up with Raymond in the school hallway. She cries and shouts to him, "OH RAYMOND! EVERYTHING IS GOING CRAZY!"
"Crazy?" Raymond asks. "What do you mean Missy? What's wrong?"
"I'M GOING THROUGH A FAMILY CRISIS!" 
"A family crisis?" Raymond holds Missy by her shoulders and asks, "What happened?"
"MY SISTER DANA! SHE'S IN JAIL AGAIN!" 
"WHAT!"
"DANA WAS ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF MURDER!"
"SUSPICION OF MURDER? OH MY GOD MISSY! WHAT HAPPENED?"
"Well two weeks ago, an Indian guy that worked at Dana's old job had snitched on her and her friend Teresa! He told their boss that Dana and Teresa were both stealing! Then Dana's boss had a word with her and her friend Teresa! Dana and Teresa got into a heated argument with their boss, then their boss fired them both right on the spot! I heard that this Indian guy caused Dana and Teresa to both get fired! Then he was murdered in the Bronx last Friday night! He was found outside his apartment building with his head bashed in!" 
"WHAT!  OH MY GOD MISSY!"
"Yeah! I heard his skull was fractured! He died later on at the hospital from a hard vicious blow to the head! The police suspect Dana of killing the guy out of retaliation! They suspect her of killing the guy because of her history! Dana has a long record of assault and murder charges! The police have her fingerprints on file!"
"THEY HAVE HER FINGERPRINTS ON FILE?"
"Yeah! The police had found the victim's I.D.! They found out from his I.D. and from his family where he worked! Then the police contacted the victim's job! The police discovered that the victim had caused Dana and her friend Teresa to get fired and removed from their jobs a week before he was murdered! So the police arrested Dana last night on suspicion of murder! They claim they know Dana's violent tempered history! And because of her violent tem­pered history, she's gonna be the first person the police look at!"
"OH MY GOD MISSY!"
"And when we all came home from Central Booking, my father had called up my mother down in Jamaica and told her about the news! He told her of Dana getting arrested again and everything! Then my mother got real furious! She came up here with a lot of her family members and relatives and said that she's gonna have me and all my brothers and sisters move back down to Jamaica if Dana is released from jail!"
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! She said she's gonna have us all move down there for good!"
"Oh my God Missy! Your mother can't mean that!" 
"She does mean that Raymond!"
"But you're a grown woman Missy! You or your brothers and sisters don't really have to move back down to Jamaica if none of you don't want to!  Your mother is just real upset right now!"
"No Raymond, she means it! And it doesn't matter to her that we're all grown! As far as she's concerned, we're all still her chil­dren! She's worried sick about Dana! She's so afraid that Dana's violent temper is gonna cause Dana to wind up spending the rest of her life locked up in prison and my mother doesn't want that! My mother wants to take Dana and the rest of us away as soon as possi­ble if Dana gets out of jail!"
"You mean your mother really wants you all to move back down to Jamaica with her?"
"Yes! She wants us all to move back down to Jamaica for good!  She says she wants to keep an eye on Dana! She told us all to start packing our things! Then she told me to start turning in my resigna­tion papers! She even told my brother Sammy to start turning in his resignation papers too!"
"What! Oh Missy, I can understand that your mother is worried sick about Dana, but what I don't understand is why does she want the rest of you to move back down to Jamaica? Why?"
"Because she just got so fed up with Dana going back and forth to jail that she wants all her children back home with her!"
"And just because of Dana, you all might have to move back down to Jamaica?"
"Yes! None of us were planning on moving back to Jamaica any time soon! We all had plans here! I was planning on working here for many more years! If I had gotten to retirement here, then I was planning on moving back down to Jamaica after that! I wasn't plan­ning on moving down there any time soon! None of us were!"
"Well how do your brothers and sisters feel about it?"
"They're all upset about it! We all are! Like I said, none of us were planning on moving back down to Jamaica any time soon!"
".Well how does Dana feel about it?"
"Dana doesn't know about it yet! She doesn't know that my mother is planning on having her and the rest of us move back down to Jamaica if she gets out of jail! She doesn't know about it yet!"
Raymond puts his arms around Missy as she cries uncontrol­lably on his shoulder.
It is Wednesday morning now. Teresa is inside her apartment, listening to mellow and jazz music on her stereo. The phone rings. Teresa picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello Teresa?"
"Yeah, speaking."
"Hi Teresa! This is Stanley from the stockroom!"
"Oh hi Stanley!"
"Hi Teresa! How are you?"
"Oh I'm feeling alright! Hold on Stanley! Let me turn the music down!" Teresa goes to turn down the music volume. She gets back on the phone and says, "So how are you Stanley?"
"Oh I'm doing okay."
"Good! So what's happening? What's new?" 
"Well I guess you heard the bad news about Wallace's death, huh?"
"Yeah I heard! Anne had called me up Monday morning and told me about it! She told me that Wallace was ran over and hit by a taxi cab last Friday evening! She said it was a hit-and-run and that the taxi cab kept on going! Then she told me Wallace died later on at the hospital!"
"Yeah it's all true Teresa! It's all true! They had Wallace's funer­al yesterday morning!"
"Oh my God! Did you go to the funeral Stanley?"
"Yes I went. It was very sad. I felt real bad for Wallace's wife and family."
"I'm sure you did Stanley."
"And you heard what happened to Ramesh, right?"
"Yeah Stanley, I did! I heard Ramesh was found outside his apartment building in the Bronx with his head bashed in! I heard his skull was fractured and everything! I heard he died later on at the hospital too!"
"He did! Both incidents of Wallace and Ramesh happened last Friday evening and night! What a strange coincidence, huh?" 
"It sure is! It's just so unbelievable!"
"It is! The police came here late Monday morning to investigate Ramesh's death! They started asking me and the employees a lot of questions! From the information they got, they suspected Dana of maybe killing Ramesh! They said that they were going to arrest Dana and lock her up!"
"Yeah Stanley they did! I was at the police station with Dana's family after she had gotten arrested!"
"You were?"
"Yeah!"
"Well the police had called me back the next day and told me that Dana was in jail." 
"Oh they called you?"
"Yeah they did! From the information the police got from here, including Dana's violent tempered history, they also suspect Dana of maybe killing Wallace too!"
"They do?"
"Yeah!"
"Oh my God!"
"But they don't have too much of a proof yet, since Wallace was hit and ran over by a taxi-cab. Anyway Teresa, the reason I called you in the first place is to tell you that I was given Wallace's posi­tion!"
"What! You were given Wallace's position?" 
"That's right!"
"What do you mean Stanley? Don't tell me that you're the head-boss now?"
"That's what I'm telling you Teresa! I've gotten the position! They gave me a promotion!" 
"They did?" 
"Yes!"
"Oh that's wonderful Stanley! Congratulations!"
"Thanks Teresa! Teresa, what I want to tell you is, being that I'm the head-boss now, I would like for you to come back to work at the stockroom!"
"What are you saying Stanley? Are you saying that you would like to hire me back?"
"Yes Teresa! I would like to hire both you and Dana back! That's if you two don't mind?"
"Oh no, of course we don't mind Stanley! I mean, at least I don't mind! I don't know about Dana!"
"Well are you able to get in touch with Dana while she's in jail?"
"I don't know Stanley, but I can get in touch with her family and tell them the news, and then they can pass the news on to her!"
"Okay, good then! So what do you say Teresa? Would you like to come back to work here?"
"Sure I would Stanley!"
"Good!"
"When can I start?"
"Oh how about starting next payroll, which is next week! That's Monday!"
"Okay Stanley! I'll be there first thing Monday morning!"
"Good! You know Teresa, if Dana does come out of jail and she decides to take my offer to come back and work here again, you know I'm gonna have to put her into the back office by herself again! She will have to continue to work alone! I can't allow her to work around the other employees! They all feel kind of intimidated by her. They all feel sort of scared and uneasy whenever she's around. They said they don't know whether they want to continue to work here anymore if they have to work near or around Dana. Not too many people feel easy being around a so called murderer. So I will have to keep Dana isolated from the other employees if she decides to take my offer and work back here again."
"I understand Stanley. I know people are usually not comfort­able being around a murderer. It's just human nature. But I'm sure Dana wouldn't mind working alone! She'll still be glad to get her job back! Some people would rather work alone you know!"
"Yeah that's true Teresa. Oh by the way Teresa, you had left a lot of your belongings in your locker! Dana had left a lot of her belong­ings inside her locker also! You two never got a chance to clean out your lockers when you both left!"
"Yeah I know Stanley. After Wallace fired me and Dana, we just didn't want to see that place anymore."
"Yeah I can imagine how you two must have felt! Well you don't have to worry now Teresa! You can keep your belongings right where they are! You don't have to worry about cleaning out your locker since you're coming back to work with us!"
"Oh thanks a lot Stanley! I'm glad you got a promotion!"
"Yeah me too!"
"I'm sorry for Wallace's loss. Too bad his loss had to be your gain."
"Yeah I wish I could have gotten a promotion some other kind of way instead of having somebody die in order for me to get it." Teresa sadly stares into space. Stanley then continues, "Okay Teresa I have to go now."
"Alright Stanley! And thanks again for hiring me and Dana back! I'll pass the news on to Dana's family so they can tell her!"
"Okay good Teresa! I'll see you Monday morning."
"Sure thing Stanley! By now!" Teresa smilingly hangs up the telephone. She excitingly leaves her living room and heads towards her bedroom.
The following Thursday morning, Christine comes over to her in-laws Mike and Gracy's house! She continues to demand that her children turn in their resignation papers to their jobs! She angrily asks, "Missy, have you turned in your resignation papers yet?"
"No Mom! I don't want to quit my job! I don't want to move back to Jamaica!"
Christine angrily points her finger at Missy and says, "Missy, if you don't turn in your resignation papers, then I'm gonna have to go up to your job and do it for you! So you have a choice! Either you do it, or I will! You have two more months left to do it!" Christine angrily walks away!
"Mom, please don't make me quit my job! Please Mom," Missy cries out! Christine angrily ignores Missy as she continues to walk away! A crying Missy follows after her mother!
That same evening, Thomas is at his girlfriend Mandy's apart­ment. He is very upset. He tells Mandy about his mother wanting him and all his brothers and sisters moving back home to Jamaica if Dana is found not guilty and is released from jail! Mandy, a slim black woman who is around 34 years old and wears a short curly Afro and bangs, becomes very upset! She asks, "Why? Why does your mother want you all to move back home to Jamaica with her Thomas?"
"Because she's worried sick about Dana! She's so upset about Dana going back and forth to jail! My mother is so afraid that Dana is gonna wind up spending the rest of her life in prison and my moth­er doesn't want that Mandy! She decided that she wants us all back home in Jamaica with her if Dana gets out of jail! My mother keeps saying that she's gonna keep a tight leash on Dana if Dana gets out of jail!"
"Really?"
"Yes!"
"Well Thomas, what are you all going to do?"
"We don't know yet Mandy! We're all still in a state of shock right now! None of us were planning on moving back down to Jamaica any time soon! My mother told Sammy and Missy to start turning in their resignation papers!"
"Yeah? Well what about you, the triplets, and Robert? What about your jobs?"
"Well we all have part-time jobs here and there! So my mother doesn't feel that it's necessary to push any resignation papers on us! She feels that we can just pick up and leave our part-time jobs and quit just like that!"
"You mean she actually expects you all to just pack up and leave just like that if Dana gets out of jail?"
"Yes she does Mandy!"
"Well Thomas if it's so important for your mother to keep an eye on Dana, and she wants you all to be with her, why can't she just move up here to New York and be with you all?"
"Mandy you know my mother owns a couple of businesses down in Jamaica! She just recently bought and opened up a third business down there! She always has to take off from her business­es to fly up here whenever Dana gets into any kind of trouble! So to save herself the trouble and the aggravation of flying up here back and forth, she says she's gonna have Dana and the rest of us move down there! That way she'll be able to keep a close eye on Dana and at the same time, have the rest of us with her!"
"But Thomas, what if Dana doesn't want to move back down to Jamaica if she gets out of jail?"
"Oh Mandy my mother says that she's gonna have Dana move back down to Jamaica whether Dana likes it or not!"
"Oh Thomas, what are you going to do? I don't want you to leave! I don't want you to move back to Jamaica!"
"I don't want to move back to Jamaica either Mandy, but if that's what my mother wants, then that's what I'm gonna do!"
"WHAT! WHY?"
"Because Mandy my mother means the world to me! My moth­er is going through a lot with Dana going back and forth to jail and prison for assault and murder charges!"
"I know Thomas, but what about us? You're just gonna pick up and leave me like that?"
"It's not that I want to pick up and leave you Mandy, but my family is going through a crisis right now! I don't want to leave you Mandy, but my family comes first! I have to be there for my fami­ly!"
Mandy starts to weep on Thomas' shoulder as she angrily cries, "Oh Thomas, why did your father have to go and call up your moth­er about Dana being in jail anyway?"
Thomas looks at Mandy and angrily shouts, "MANDY MY FATHER HAD EVERY RIGHT TO CALL UP MY MOTHER ABOUT DANA BEING IN JAIL!" He grabs Mandy by the shoul­ders and shouts, "LISTEN MANDY, WE'RE NOT TALKING ABOUT SOME MINOR CRIME HERE! WE'RE TALKING ABOUT MURDER! WE'RE TALKING ABOUT A LOSS OF A HUMAN LIFE THAT MY SISTER MIGHT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR! IF YOUR CHILD WAS IN JAIL ON A SUSPICION OF MURDER CHARGE, WOULD YOU WANT ANYBODY TO KEEP IT AWAY FROM YOU?"
"No. I guess not Thomas. No, I wouldn't want anybody to keep it away from me."
"SO WHY SHOULD MY FATHER KEEP SOMETHING LIKE THAT AWAY FROM MY MOTHER! DANA IS MY MOTHER'SCHILD TOO YOU KNOW! IT WOULD BE VERY UNFAIR OF MY FATHER NOT TO TELL MY MOTHER ABOUT DANA OR ANY OF THEIR OTHER CHILDREN BEING IN JAIL OR PRISON FOR A SUSPICIOUS HOMICIDE! MY FATHER DID THE RIGHT THING MANDY! IF HE DIDN'T CALL MY MOTHER UP, I OR SOMEBODY ELSE IN MY FAMILY WOULD HAVE!"
"I'm sorry Thomas. I'm sorry for that remark I just said. I guess I was only thinking about myself, not wanting you to leave me."
Thomas' eyes fill with tears as he puts his arms around Mandy. Mandy's eyes become filled with tears as she puts her arms back around Thomas.
Two and a half weeks pass. It is Monday morning now. Dana's court date finally arrives. Her entire family is there inside the court­room, including her parents, her grandparents, her siblings, her aunts, her uncles, her many cousins including Diane D, Christine's family members and Christine's many relatives. Tony is also inside the courtroom with Michael, Teresa and Joseph. Dana's cousin Nancy, who is one of Gracy and Mike's many grandchildren, is out­side the courtroom in the hallway. She soon walks into the court­room. She goes to take a seat near her grandparents, Gracy and Mike.
Dana is nowhere inside the courtroom. She is locked in a back room behind the courtroom. She will remain there until the court begins.
The court is now about to begin. George Hanson, Walter Stevens, Dr. Ross and another psychotherapist come out of the back room where Dana is being held. They go to take a seat.
As the court begins, Nancy is called to take the witness stand. She gets up from out of her seat and goes to take the stand. After the sworn, Prosecutor Roy Jones, a black male around his mid forties, begins to question Nancy and asks, "Now Miss Nancy Brown, where were you the night of Ramesh Kankariya's murder?"
"I was at home."
"Who were you at home with?"
"I was at home with my cousin Dana."
"You were at home with your cousin Dana?"
"Yes."
"How long were you and your cousin Dana inside your home together?"
"Most of the night."
"From what time was your cousin Dana at your home, until what time did your cousin Dana leave your home?"
"Oh Dana first came by my house around 4:30 that afternoon. Then she left my house around 12:30 after midnight."
"Why was your cousin Dana at your house?"
"She was visiting me. I had been very depressed and lonely for quite some time. Dana knew that I had been very depressed for quite some time, so she decided to come over to my house to keep me company, so that I won't feel so lonely."
"What were you depressed about?"
"Oh nothing particular. I had recently broken up from a rela­tionship. After my relationship was over, I began to feel very depressed. A few people knew that I was depressed and lonely. Dana knew that I was very depressed and lonely so she came over to my house so that I can have a shoulder to lean on!"
"What were you and your cousin Dana doing most of the time inside your home that Friday evening and night?"
"Well we talked and watched TV most of the time, then Dana fell asleep right on my couch, being that she was sort of tired. I con­tinued to stay up and watch television while Dana slept."
"You did?"
"Yes."
"Miss Nancy, did your cousin Dana ever leave your house and came back that Friday night?
"No, Dana never left my house!"
"So you're saying that your cousin Dana never once left your house the time and night of the murder?"
"No! Like I said, Dana didn't leave my house until around 12:30 after midnight!"
After Nancy finishes being questioned by Roy Jones, Roy Jones tells her she may step down. Nancy steps down from the witness stand. One of Dana's ex co-workers, Anne, is then called to take the stand. After the sworn, she is asked by Roy Jones, "Now Miss Anne Parker, weren't you one of the employees at the stockroom who told the police that Ramesh Kankariya had caused Miss Dana Brown and her friend Teresa Grant to get fired and removed from their jobs?"
"Yes," Anne nervously says.
"How did Ramesh Kankariya cause Dana Brown and her friend Teresa Grant to get fired and removed from their jobs?"
"I really don't know. All I know is that I heard he caused them to get fired. I'm not sure whether he caused them to get fired or not. I don't know any details. I told the police that I heard that Ramesh Kankariya had caused Dana Brown and her friend Teresa to get fired and removed from their jobs. I told the police that I heard it."
"Well who did you hear it from?"
"I heard it from Ramesh himself."
"You heard it from Ramesh himself?"
"Yes."
"How did you hear it from Ramesh?"
"When I was walking past him at the stockroom hallway, I over­heard him saying on the telephone that he caused Dana Brown and Teresa Grant to get fired from their jobs."
"You overheard him while he was speaking on the telephone?"
"Yes."
"Well do you know who he was speaking to on the telephone?"
"No I don't. I didn't ask."
"Miss Parker, how did Miss Dana Brown get along with her ex co-worker Ramesh Kankariya when he was alive? Did they get along well?"
"I don't know. I really haven't paid much attention to their work relationship together."
"Well do you know whether Miss Dana Brown and the victim Ramesh Kankariya had any kind of problems with each other in the past before Ramesh squealed on Miss Dana Brown and her friend Teresa Grant?"
"I'm not sure. I haven't paid much attention to that either."
"Miss Parker, how well did you get along with Miss Dana Brown?"
"We got along okay. We didn't talk to each other much, but we got along okay." 
"You did?" 
"Yes we did."
"Okay Miss Parker, you may step down."
Anne gets up and steps down from the witness stand. She then goes to take a seat.
After Anne finishes being questioned by the courts, another ex co-worker of Dana's, Morris, is called to take the stand. After the sworn, Roy Jones asks Morris the same questions that Anne was asked. Morris gives almost the same nervous, 'I don't know' answers that Anne gave. He also tells the courts that he is not sure whether the victim Ramesh Kankariya had caused Dana Brown and Teresa Grant to get fired from their jobs. Roy Jones looks at Morris. He then tells Morris, "You may step down sir." Morris gets up and steps down from the witness stand. He then goes to take a seat.
After Morris finishes being questioned by the courts, another ex co-worker of Dana's, Mary, is called to take the stand. After the sworn, she is asked by Roy Jones the same questions that Anne and Morris were asked. Mary gives almost the same nervous, 'I don't know' answers that Anne and Morris had given. She also tells the courts that she does not know whether the victim Ramesh Kankariya had caused Dana Brown and Teresa Grant to get fired from their jobs. Roy Jones looks at Mary. He then says, "You may step down ma'am." Mary gets up and steps down from the witness stand. She then goes to take a seat.
Christine notices that even though Dana's ex co-workers were each asked questions by the courts, they did not say much. Christine notices that Dana's ex co-workers did not give much information. She also notices how scared and nervous they each appeared to be. She notices how afraid they all seemed to speak out. Christine fig­ures that Dana's ex co-workers know Dana's violent tempered his­tory. She figures that they are all afraid of a possible retaliation by Dana.
Deep down inside, Anne, Morris and Mary each think that Dana might have had something to do with their former co-worker Ramesh Kankariya being found outside his apartment building with his head bashed in. They also think that Dana might have had some­thing to do with their former boss Wallace being hit and run over by a taxi-cab. They notice how both incidents occurred on the same Friday evening and night, but they do not speak out of fear. They do not want the same thing happening to them! They feel that Dana does not have any kind of conscience or any kind of remorse when she hurts people that have done her or anybody in her family wrong. None of them want to cross Dana.
The judge then calls for the defendant to be brought out from the back room. The court officers go into the back room to bring the defendant out.
After a few minutes, the court officers come back out into the courtroom with Dana. Dana comes out into the courtroom surround­ed by the court officers. She is in handcuffs with a chain around her waist. She is dressed in a bright red sweater shirt with sleeves rolled up to her elbows, gray denim pants and a matching denim vest. Her long black hair is out loose, hanging in front of her chest and along her sides and back. Christine, David and the entire courtroom look on as the court officers lead a handcuffed and chained Dana into the courtroom.
After a few seconds, the handcuffs are taken off of Dana. She is then put on the witness stand. After the sworn, she sits down and starts to be questioned by Roy Jones. Roy Jones asks, "Now Miss Dana Brown, did an ex co-worker of yours, the victim Ramesh Kankariya, cause you and another co-worker named Teresa Grant to get fired and removed from your jobs a week before he was slain?"
"Yes he did."
"Now Miss Brown, I understand on that Friday evening, the night of the murder, there was a party going on inside your apart­ment! A party of almost around seventy people! You were not there! Your co-worker and friend Teresa was there! Everyone at the party saw her, but no one at the party knew where you were the whole entire evening! Where were you that Friday evening Miss Brown? Where were you the night of your ex co-worker, Ramesh Kankariya's murder?"
"I was with my cousin Nancy at her house."
"Oh yeah? How long were you at your cousin Nancy's house?"
"All night from around 4:30 in the afternoon, until around 12:30 after midnight."
"Why were you at your cousin Nancy's house Miss Brown?"
"I was visiting her."
"Why were you visiting her that particular evening?"
"She was very depressed because she had recently broke up from a relationship. I decided to come over her house to visit her, to keep her company so that she wouldn't feel so depressed and lone­ly"
"What were you and your cousin Nancy doing the night of the murder?"
"We were watching television. Then I fell asleep on the couch."
"Did you ever leave your cousin Nancy's house at all and came back the whole entire time you were there?"
"No! I never left her house at all! I didn't leave out of my cousin Nancy's house until around 12:30 after midnight!"
"So are you saying that you never once left your cousin Nancy's house the whole time and night of the murder?"
"No!"
"Where did you go right after you left your cousin Nancy's house?"
"I went straight home!"
Roy Jones looks at Dana. He then asks, "Miss Brown, have you ever been near or around the home of Ramesh Kankariya?"
"No I haven't! I didn't even know where he lived!"
"Okay Miss Brown, you may step down."
Dana gets up and steps down from the witness stand.
After the long court procedure, there is no evidence found. No evidence could be found against Dana. No fingerprints were found at the murder scene. No weapons were found. None of Dana's shoe prints were found at the murder scene. Being that Dana has an alibi, she is let go. She is found not guilty! Her family, relatives and friends become excited and happy for her! The chains are then taken off of Dana. Christine gives a sigh of relief. The victim's family becomes very upset and emotional! They all start to cry and scream out in the courtroom! Christine sadly looks on at the victim's fami­ly, feeling very sorry for their loss! She then goes to give Dana a big hug in the courtroom! Christine's family members go and give Dana a big hug also! Dana's siblings also go and give her a big hug! David goes and gives Dana a big hug! Then the rest of his family go and give Dana big hugs!
Christine then goes to the victim's family members. She gives them her sympathy. Some of Christine's family members and rela­tives give the victim's family their sympathy also.
As Christine, her family and her relatives give the victim's fam­ily their sympathy, Dana's other family members and friends happi­ly lead her out of the courtroom into the hallway! Some of Christine's relatives then leave out of the courtroom also. They follow everyone else as everybody leads Dana towards the end of the hallway! They are all happy that Dana is not sent to prison again! They all stand at the end of the hallway, away from the courtroom! They all start to surround Dana and give her great big hugs! Tony happily has his arms wrapped tightly around Dana's shoulders as all of Dana's siblings and relatives smilingly stand beside her! Diane D and Teresa smile on as they stand around Dana! Michael and Joseph smile on and stand around Dana also, so does Nancy.
As Dana's family, relatives and friends surround her at the end of the hallway, Christine, Harold, Alan and a few of their relatives come out of the courtroom. They then stand outside the courtroom together and look down towards the end of the hall at Dana. They stand there and watch everyone surrounding Dana. Christine turns her head around and looks back inside the courtroom. She sadly looks at the victim's family, still feeling sorry for their loss. She then turns her head back around and looks towards Dana again. As she, her brothers and their relatives stand there and watch everyone sur­round Dana, Alan looks at Christine and says, "Christine, I don't understand, what was Dana doing at Nancy's house that Friday from 4:30 in the afternoon until around 12:30 after midnight? I thought you said Dana had told Tony that she was gonna do some shopping that Friday evening?"
"Well that's what Tony told me! When I spoke to Tony on the phone that Friday night, he told me that Dana had told him earlier that day that she was gonna do some shopping! He told me that he walked Dana to her car that Friday afternoon and Dana told him that she was gonna do some shopping just before she drove off and left him! Yet Dana is saying in the courtroom that she was at Nancy's house that whole Friday evening and night and Nancy is confirming it too!"
"Well you know what that means Christine? It means that either Dana and Nancy are both lying and Nancy perjured herself to cover up for Dana, or Dana changed her mind that Friday afternoon and decided to go to Nancy's house. She could have actually been at Nancy's house."
"I don't know Alan. But I'm afraid none of us will ever know the truth."
Christine, her brothers and their relatives continue to stare down the hall at Dana as everyone happily surrounds Dana. Harold looks at Christine and says, "Well Christine, now that Dana is not going to prison, I think you better start to get your tight leash ready."
"Don't worry Harold. I have it right here," Christine angrily says as she reaches deep down into her big black leather bag. She goes inside a hidden compartment and secretly shows her brothers and her relatives a long thick chain, two pairs of thick locks and a pair of handcuffs! Christine's brothers and relatives shockingly look at the long chain, the two thick locks and the pair of handcuffs! They shockingly look at Christine as Christine puts the chain, the locks and the handcuffs back into the hidden compartment inside her black leather bag. Harold then shouts, "CHRISTINE, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING WITH THAT CHAIN, THOSE LOCKS AND THOSE HANDCUFFS?"
Christine shakes Harold's hand and says, "Harold, meet Dana's new correctional officer!"
"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT CHRIS­TINE?" Alan shouts!
"I'm gonna use this chain, these locks and these handcuffs on Dana!"
"WHAT!" Harold shouts! "WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU'RE GONNA USE THAT CHAIN, THOSE LOCKS AND THOSE HANDCUFFS ON DANA? YOU MEAN YOU'RE GONNA WRAP THIS CHAIN AROUND YOUR OWN DAUGHTER?"
"That's right Harold! I'm gonna have myself a one-woman chain gang!"
"CHRISTINE!" Alan shouts! "YOU ARE NOT GONNA PUT THAT CHAIN, THOSE LOCKS OR THOSE HANDCUFFS ON DANA!"
"Watch me Alan," Christine says as she is about to walk away. Alan firmly grabs Christine by the arm and shouts, "NO CHRIS­TINE! NOW DANA IS MY NIECE! I WON'T ALLOW YOU TO DO THAT TO HER!"
"Alan I'm not doing anything to Dana! Dana is doing this to her­self!" Christine starts to walk away again.
Alan grabs Christine by the arm again and shouts, "NOW CHRISTINE, WHEN WE ALL AGREED TO COME UP HERE TO GET DANA, I DIDN'T KNOW THAT YOU MEANT GETTING HER THIS WAY! I DIDN'T KNOW THAT YOU MEANT USING CHAINS, LOCKS AND HANDCUFFS!"
"No I didn't mean it at first Alan! I just decided to use these things at the spur of the moment!"
Christine starts to walk away again, but Alan grabs her arm and shouts, "CHRISTINE! GIVE ME THAT CHAIN, THOSE LOCKS AND THOSE HANDCUFFS!"
Christine looks at Alan and says, "Alright Alan! Forget it! I won't use these things on Dana!"
"You won't?"
"No, I won't! I won't use them on her! But I have to call up Mom and Dad, and let them know that Dana is not gonna go to prison!" Christine starts to walk away towards a pay phone. Harold and Alan start to follow after her. Christine reaches the pay phone and makes a long distance call, down to Jamaica. She asks Harold, Alan and their relatives for some extra coins. They all hand her the coins as she puts them inside the pay phone. Christine calls up her parents on the telephone. Thomas, Missy, Landa, Londa and Robert soon approach Christine as she speaks on the telephone. They all lis­ten to her conversation as she talks to her parents in Jamaica. They start to hear Christine saying, "Hey Mom! It's me, Christine! …. Yeah! How are you?	I'm alright too!  ….  Yeah! Is Dad there? ….  Good!  I have good news for you two!  …. Yeah!  Dana has been acquitted Mom! …. Yeah! She was found not guilty!"  Christine's children all smile and look at one another! They, Harold, Alan and Christine's other relatives continue to listen to Christine's conversation as Christine continues, "Yeah Mom, she's not going to prison! ….  No she's not!  So I'll have her move down there by next month, okay? You can start getting her room ready!" Christine's children look at her as Christine continues, "Yes! You can get ALL of their rooms ready!" Christine's children look at each other again! Christine continues, "Yeah! I'll have them ALL down there by next month, okay Mom?" Christine continues to talk to her mother as she puts more coins into the pay phone. Her brothers, her relatives and her children continue to listen to her conversation on the telephone as she says, "Oh by the way Mom, you know that hospital a few miles away from where you are? 	No not that hospital, the other one! …. Yeah that hospital! Could you call up that hospital for me and make arrangements to have Dana committed in there?"  Christine's brothers, her relatives and her children become shocked and stunned as Christine firmly shouts, "YES MOM I WANT TO HAVE HER COMMITTED IN THERE! TELL THAT HOSPITAL THAT THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE A NEW PATIENT IN THERE BY THE NEXT TWO MONTHS," as she angrily looks towards Dana! "Oh you and Dad already made arrangements for that other hospital?   Yes Mom could you do that? Change from that hospital? I'd rather for Dana to be in the other hospital  …… Yes   ……   Oh thanks a lot Mom! Just give that hospital Dana's name and information and I'll take care of the rest when we all get down there next month, alright?  ….  Oh thanks again Mom!  I really appreciate this! Listen, I have to go now! The change is about to run out! I'll talk to you and Dad later, alright?  I love you!    .....  Okay, by now!"
Christine's children look at her as she hangs up the telephone. Missy cries out, "Mom?"
"Not now Missy," Christine says as she walks away from her children. She starts to walk towards Dana. Alan grabs Christine by the arm and says, "Christine!"
Christine turns around towards Alan and says, "Alan, every­thing's gonna be alright! Take it easy!" Christine turns back around and continues to head towards Dana. Her brothers, relatives and children follow after her.
Dana still has her family, her many relatives and her friends sur­rounding her. She has Sammy, Linda, Diane D and Nancy standing around her. She has David's family standing around her. She also have Christine's other family members standing around her. Tony, Michael, Teresa and Joseph are also standing around Dana. Dana and Nancy start to hug and embrace each other. Nancy gives Dana a warm smile and says, "You did great Dana!"
Christine is about to approach Dana and Nancy. Dana and Nancy look and see Christine approaching them. Everyone that is sur­rounding Dana smile as they look at Christine, except for Christine's children. None of them are smiling. They suspiciously look at their mother. Nancy smiles and says, "Hi, Aunt Christine!"
"Hello," Christine says. She then looks at Dana and gives Dana another big hug. She then pulls back and asks, "So how are you feel­ing Dana?"
"I'm feeling alright Mom."
"You do?"
"Yeah. I'm feeling alright."
"Good. Can I talk to you for a minute?" Christine says as she starts to pull Dana away from the crowd. The crowd looks on as Christine leads Dana away.
"CHRISTINE!" Alan calls out.
Christine turns around and says, "Alan please! I told you every­thing's going to be alright!"
Alan worriedly looks at Christine. Christine turns back around and leads Dana down the long corridor towards the other end of the hallway. She then leads Dana around an isolated corner, where they can have total privacy.
When Christine and Dana reach the isolated corner, Christine looks at Dana and starts to hold on to Dana's strong arms. She then asks, "So how are you feeling Dana? Are you feeling alright?"
"Yeah Mom. I'm feeling alright."
"Good. Are you sure?"
"Yeah Mom, I'm okay."
"Good. Are you sure now?"
"Yeah Mom, I'm feeling alright. Why?"
"Because I have BIG PLANS for you Dana!"
"Big plans for me?"
"Yes!"
"Well what are they Mom?"
"We're gonna go to your apartment right now and start packing up all of your things and belongings! You're moving back down to Jamaica with me AND your brothers and sisters next month!"
"What are you talking about Mom?"
"You and your brothers and sisters are moving back down to Jamaica with me next month!"
"Mom, what do you mean? What are you talking about? What do you mean we're moving back down to Jamaica with you?"
"I told your father, your brothers* and sisters, and everyone else in the family that if you came out of jail and did not have to go to prison, then I was gonna have you ALL move back down to Jamaica with me!"
"You did?"
"Yes I did!"
"Mom, I'm not moving back to Jamaica!"
"Yes you are Dana! So go to your apartment right now and start packing up all of your belongings, alright? And tomorrow I want you to go to your old job and get the rest of your belongings out of your locker!"
"Mom, I'm not going to get the rest of my belongings out of my locker! I heard that Stanley had gotten a promotion! I hear he's the head boss now! I hear he wants to hire me back! He already hired Teresa back!"
"I know he's head boss now and he hired Teresa back! But you're not going back!"
"Yes I am Mom! Stanley rehired me!"
Christine angrily points her finger at Dana as she firmly says, "You are not going back Dana! The only place you're going is back to Jamaica with me! You and I are going to go to your job tomorrow to tell Stanley that you're not coming back to work for him! We're only going to go there to pick up the rest of your belongings out of your locker! We're gonna tell Stanley that we're picking up the rest of your belongings because you are moving back down to Jamaica with me!"
"MOM, I'M NOT GIVING UP MY JOB, ALRIGHT? AND I'M NOT MOVING BACK TO JAMAICA!"
Dana starts to walk away pass Christine, but Christine quickly turns around and angrily grabs Dana by the arm, saying, "I'm not finished with you yet Dana.  At the way you're going, you won't be able to keep this job again or any other job! With your long criminal record, nobody else is gonna want to hire you! So it's better for you to just go to the stockroom and pick up your belongings from out of your locker! I suggest that we both go to the stockroom tomorrow morning and start cleaning out your locker, because if you don't, then I will have no choice but to do it for you!"
"MOM, I'M NOT GIVING UP MY JOB! AND I'M NOT GONNA MOVE BACK TO JAMAICA!" Dana shouts as she angri­ly pulls away from her mother!
"YES YOU ARE DANA!" Christine shouts as she angrily grabs Dana by the arm again! "YOU ARE MOVING BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH ME WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT!"
"MOM, WHY ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU WANT ME TO MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA? WHY ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU WANT US ALL TO MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH YOU?"
"Because you're constantly getting arrested Dana! Every time my back is turned, you're constantly getting arrested for some assault charge or some murder charge! I'm not gonna have that any­more Dana! I'm not gonna have you keep getting arrested, going back and forth to jail or prison!"
"But Mom, I didn't do anything!"
"I don't know what you did or didn't do Dana! I wasn't there! But either way, I'm sick and tired of the police keep suspecting you of a murder that was committed! The next time in the future, when­ever another murder is committed in this town, the police won't have to worry about suspecting you anymore Dana, because you won't be here! You'll be down in Jamaica with me and your brothers and sis­ters! We will all be down in Jamaica by next month! You're all mov­ing down there with me for good, do you hear that? So let's go to your apartment right now and start packing all of your belongings!" Christine pulls on Dana and starts to lead her away!
Dana angrily pulls away from her mother again and shouts, "MOM, FOR THE LAST TIME I'M NOT GIVING UP MY JOB! AND I'M NOT MOVING BACK TO JAMAICA!"
"YES YOU ARE DANA!" Christine shouts as she grabs and pulls Dana by the arm again!
Christine and Dana begin to shout at each other! Soon everyone at the other end of the hallway begin to hear the loud commotion! Dana's family, relatives and friends start to rush down the other end of the hallway! They start to rush towards the corner to see what's going on and to see what the shouting is all about!
As Dana's family, relatives and friends hurry around the corner, Dana angrily storms away from her mother! She rushes through the crowd as her family, relatives and friends rush off after her! Sammy and Thomas call out to Dana as they chase after her! They catch up to Dana and grab her! They both hold tightly on to Dana's arms and waist as Alan angrily shouts, "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?"
"UNCLE ALAN," Dana angrily shouts, "MOM IS TALKING ABOUT SHE WANTS ME TO GIVE UP MY JOB AND MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH HER! SHE SAYS SHE WANTS ALL OF US TO MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH HER! SHE SAID WE ALL HAVE TO MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH HER! SHE SAID FOR ME TO GO TO MY APARTMENT AND START PACKING MY BELONG­INGS! SHE SAID FOR ME TO GO TO MY JOB TOMORROW AND START CLEANING OUT MY LOCKER!"
"YES IT'S TRUE DANA!" Alan shouts! "YOUR MOTHER WANTS YOU ALL TO MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH HER!"
Tony, Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph all become shocked and stunned as they shout, "WHAT!" They shockingly go to Christine as Diane D worriedly asks, "Aunt Christine? What do you mean that Dana and the rest of them have to move back down to Jamaica with you? What do you mean for Dana to go to her apart­ment and start packing her belongings? What do you mean for Dana to go to her job and start cleaning out her locker?"
"BECAUSE IT'S TIME FOR DANA TO GO BACK TO JAMAICA DIANE! SHE KEEPS GETTING INTO TROUBLE UP HERE! SHE KEEPS GETTING ARRESTED AND GOING BACK AND FORTH TO JAIL AND EVERYTHING! I'M NOT GONNA HAVE THAT ANYMORE! I AM NOT GONNA HAVE MY CHILD RISK SPENDING THE REST OF HER LIFE LOCKED UP SOMEWHERE IN PRISON!"
"But Mom?" Tony worriedly asks! "What about me? What about me and Dana's relationship?"
"I'M SORRY TONY! BUT WHAT ABOUT WHAT DANA KEEPS ON DOING? SHE KEEPS ON GETTING ARRESTED! IF SHE GETS LOCKED UP IN PRISON FOR THE REST OF HER LIFE, YOU TWO WON'T BE ABLE TO HAVE A RELATION­SHIP ANYMORE ANYWAY! SHE'LL BE LOCKED BEHIND BARS FOR THE REST OF HER LIFE, WHILE YOU'LL BE FREE DOWN HERE! WHAT KIND OF RELATIONSHIP WILL THAT BE? WOULD YOU WANT A RELATIONSHIP LIKE THAT? HUH? I MEAN WHICH WOULD YOU RATHER HAVE HAPPEN TONY? WOULD YOU RATHER FOR ME TO TAKE DANA AWAY FOR GOOD, OR WOULD YOU RATHER FOR THE SYSTEM TO TAKE HER AWAY FOR GOOD? WHICH ONE? LOOK TONY, I KNOW YOU LOVE DANA WITH ALL YOUR HEART AND EVERYTHING AND I DON'T MEAN TO MAKE ANY INCONVENIENCE IN YOUR RELATIONSHIP, BUT I HAVE TO KEEP MY EYE ON THIS ONE," Christine shouts as she angrily points her finger at Dana! "Now Tony, I know you love Dana with all your heart and you've always been there for her! You've been with her for all these years! No matter what happened to Dana, you've always been by her side! So you're welcome to come move down to Jamaica with us if you want to, okay? Think about it, alright?"
Dana angrily points her hand to her mother and shouts, "FOR­GET IT MOM! I'M NOT MOVING BACK TO JAMAICA!"
Dana pulls away from her brothers and storms off again as Christine angrily shouts, "YES YOU ARE DANA!" Christine, Sammy and Thomas storm off after Dana as the rest of the family, relatives and friends storm off after Dana too! Dana storms right into a restroom and slams the door behind herself! Christine goes to the restroom door and starts to bang on it as she angrily shouts, "YOU CAN SULK ALL YOU WANT TO DANA, IT'S NOT GOING TO WORK! YOU AND THE REST OF YOUR BROTHERS AND SIS­TERS ARE STILL GONNA MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH ME! AND WHEN I GET ON THAT PLANE NEXT MONTH, YOU AND YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS WILL BE SITTING RIGHT BESIDE ME ON THAT PLANE, YOU HEAR ME? I ALREADY CALLED UP YOUR OTHER GRAND­PARENTS DOWN IN JAMAICA! I TOLD THEM THAT YOU AND YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS ARE ALL ON YOUR WAY DOWN THERE NEXT MONTH! THEY SAID THAT THEY WILL START TO GET ALL OF YOUR ROOMS READY! THEY SAY THEY WILL HAVE ALL OF YOUR ROOMS READY BY THE TIME WE ALL GET TO JAMAICA!"
Harold and Alan start to pound on the restroom door! They shout for Dana to come out of the restroom! Tony, Diane D and Teresa approach Christine as Diane D worriedly asks, "Aunt Christine, you're not gonna really take Dana back to Jamaica with you, are you?"
"YES I AM! DANA HAS BEEN GETTING INTO TOO MUCH TROUBLE HERE! SHE IS GOING TO GO BACK TO JAMAICA WITH ME EVEN IF I HAVE TO DRAG HER AND PULL HER BY THE EAR! I MEAN THIS IS IT YOU GUYS! SHE'S GOING!" Christine starts to pound on the restroom door again, along with Harold and Alan!
David soon approaches the crowd and shouts, "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON OVER HERE?!"
"I TOLD DANA THAT I WAS GONNA HAVE HER MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH ME!" Christine shouts! "I TOLD HER THAT I WAS GONNA HAVE HER AND ALL OF HER BROTHERS AND SISTERS MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH ME FOR GOOD! I TOLD HER THAT I WAS GONNA HAVE HER GIVE UP HER JOB AND THAT SHE WAS NOT GONNA WORK BACK THERE ANYMORE! SHE GOT VERY ANGRY AND RAN IN HERE! THEN SHE SLAMMED THE DOOR BEHIND HERSELF AND WE CAN'T GET IN! SHE HAD CLOSED HERSELF INSIDE THE RESTROOM! I WANT HER OUT OF THERE NOW!"
David starts to pound on the restroom door along with Harold and Alan! They all push hard on the restroom door! They continue to struggle with the restroom door for a while! David, Harold and Alan finally get the restroom door open! They go inside the restroom as Sammy and Thomas follow in after them!
A couple of minutes later, the men finally bring a fierce Dana out of the restroom with her lifted high in the air against David's chest!  The crowd jumps back in fear, seeing Dana full of anger! They look on in shock and horror as the men carry Dana out into the hallway!  They see Dana's long black hair hanging all in front of her face and chest as she violently jerks her body and angrily shouts, "I'M NOT MOVING BACK TO JAMAICA, MOM!"
"YES YOU ARE DANA! LET'S GO," Christine angrily shouts as she grabs and holds tightly Onto Dana's waist as David continues to carry Dana! Christine, David, Alan and Harold all start to carry Dana away towards the exit as Sammy and Thomas follow off after them! Dana's younger siblings, her relatives, her friends and the rest of the crowd start to follow off towards the exit also! Christine and the men then go through the exit door and take Dana out of the building as Sammy and Thomas continue to follow off after them through the exit door, out of the building! The crowd is about to go through the exit door also, but a couple of court officers stop them! The court officers do not let anyone else outside the door, fearing that there might be a heavy commotion! The crowd stays inside the door looking on through the glass as Christine and the men contin­ue to carry Dana away! They continue to look on in shock and hor­ror as Christine and the men carry Dana out into the street!

Christine and the men then carry Dana towards their blue van!  The men put Dana down as they all start to argue and bicker among each other in front of the van! David continues to have his arms wrapped tightly around Dana's waist as Dana and Christine continue to argue and shout at each other! Dana and Christine are angrily pointing and waving their hands at each other as the men argue and bicker with them! Christine then shouts to Dana, "I HAVE TO KEEP FLYING UP HERE BACK AND FORTH BECAUSE YOU KEEP GETTING INTO TROUBLE!"  Dana and Christine continue to argue and shout at each other as they stand there surrounded by the men! 
Everyone in the court build­ing looks on horrified through the glass door as Dana stands there in the middle of the men, arguing and bickering with her mother! Missy's eyes are full of tears as she and the rest of the crowd wor­riedly look on from inside the court building's doorway. They all see Christine angrily pointing to the van, yelling at Dana to get into the van.  They all see Dana fold her arms refusing to get into the van. All of a sudden, they see Christine swing her black bag, trying to hit Dana with it as the men quickly separate the two! The court officers and everyone else inside the court building seeing this start to rush out through the exit doors towards the commotion! 
David, Harold and Alan grab tightly on to Dana and pull her back as Sammy and Thomas grab on to Christine, pulling her back! David, Harold and Alan lift Dana up and carry her to the van as she frustratingly continues to argue and scream at her mother! Sammy and Thomas pull tightly on to Christine, trying to calm her down, but Christine violently pulls away from Sammy and Thomas! She rushes back towards Dana as David, Harold and Alan finally get Dana into the van! David and Harold quickly get into the van after Dana as Alan quickly rushes around the van to the driver's seat! He quickly starts up the engine as Christine rushes inside the van! Sammy and Thomas rush inside the van after Christine! They quickly close the door as the court officers, Tony and the rest of the crowd from inside the court building reach the van! The van then pulls off and quickly leaves the area! It races down the street as everyone, all stunned, stares at it!
As everyone from the court building stare down the street at the van, Tony worriedly turns to Missy and asks, "Where are they tak­ing her?"
"I don't know Tony," teary-eyed Missy says. "I really don't know."
The court officers and the crowd remain stunned as they all watch the van disappear down the street. Tony, Diane D, Michael, Joseph and Teresa continue to look on.

Back inside the court building, Dana's ex co-workers are talking about the incident they all have just witnessed! They all talk in the hallway as Morris excitingly whispers to Anne and Mary, "Hey! I hear Dana's mother is planning on taking her away! I hear her moth­er is planning on taking her back to Jamaica with her!" Anne and Mary become excited as Morris continues, "Yeah! I hear that Dana's mother is planning on moving Dana and the rest of the family back to Jamaica!"
"Oh yeah?" Anne and Mary ask.
"Yeah! Didn't you two just seen the argument that they had?" 
"Yeah, we saw it," Mary says.
"Well do you two know what that means? That means that we don't have to be bothered with that Dangerous Dana anymore if her mother takes her back to Jamaica!"
"Yeah, I know! If her mother takes her back to Jamaica, I hope her mother keeps her in Jamaica too!"
A black male inside the court building over hears Morris, Anne and Mary's conversation. He asks them, "Why do you all say that?"
"Hey, you don't know that woman, man," Morris says, "but she is a terror to work with! She has a very violent temper! She worked at our job being mean and unfriendly all the time! She has had plen­ty of assault charges against her in the past and I don't mean minor assaults! I mean vicious assaults like breaking people's bones and everything!" The man becomes stunned as Morris continues, "She also has had a few manslaughter charges against her too!" The man becomes more stunned as Morris continues, "Yeah! She's also been arrested a few times on suspicion of murder, but it couldn't be proven in court that she was behind those suspicious murders!"
"Yeah it's true," Mary says. "None of us want to work around her! We're all scared of her! We're all sort of intimidated by work­ing around someone capable of murder or manslaughter!"
The man remains stunned as Morris continues, "And we don't mean capable of murder or manslaughter just one time! We mean capable of murder or manslaughter several times!"
"Oh yeah? Wow!" the guy says.
"Yeah," Morris says as Anne and Mary nod their heads in agree­ment. Morris frustratingly continues, "Boy I hope that woman's mother keeps her in Jamaica and never allow her to come back here!" Anne and Mary both agree with Morris.

 That same evening, Teresa calls up Diane D on the phone. Diane D, who is inside her grandparents Gracy and Mike’s house, picks up her cell phone off the table.  She looks at her cell phone then speaks into it and says, "Hello Teresa."
"Hi Diane! Hey Diane, I just called up Dana and Tony's number, but I couldn‘t reach them!  Do you know where they are?"
"Well I don't know where Tony is Teresa, but Dana is at my Uncle Kevin's house with her mother."
"Oh that's where they took her?"
"Yeah. I had called over there around an hour ago. They took Dana over there after they had left the court building today." 
"They did?" 
"Yeah."
"Why did they take her over there?"
"Well that's where my Aunt Christine and her family members are staying. When I spoke to my Aunt Christine on the phone, she told me that she's gonna try to keep Dana over there until they all go back to Jamaica."
"What! Oh Diane, your Aunt Christine is not gonna really take Dana back to Jamaica with her is she?"
"She just might Teresa.  She just might."
"What do you mean Diane?! Didn’t you hear Dana shouting to her mother in the court building that she’s not moving back to Jamaica?!  Didn’t you hear that?!"
"Yeah I heard it Teresa! Listen Teresa, Dana was very angry inside that court building when she had told her mother that she was­n't moving back to Jamaica! But Dana usually does cave in to her mother!"
"What do you mean?"
"If my Aunt Christine persists for Dana to move back to Jamaica, believe me Teresa, Dana is gonna go! She is gonna move back to Jamaica!"
"But why Diane? Why would Dana move back to Jamaica if she doesn't really want to?"
"Because she loves her mother Teresa! Listen Teresa, Dana does not only loves her brothers and sisters very much, she loves her mother very much also! She loves both of her parents and she usu­ally does cave in to whatever they tell her to do sooner or later! Now if my Aunt Christine keeps persisting for Dana to move back down to Jamaica, believe me Teresa, Dana would move back to Jamaica!"
"Even for good?"
"If that's what her mother wants! If Dana's mother wants her to move back down to Jamaica for good, then believe me Teresa, Dana will move back down there for good."
"Well what about Tony?! You mean Dana is just gonna pick up and leave Tony?!"
"Oh Teresa, I don't know what's gonna happen between those two. My Aunt Christine did invite Tony to come move down to Jamaica with them all. She did invite him. I don't know if he's gonna take that offer. It's a real big step that Tony would really have to think about, giving up his life here, giving up his job here, leav­ing his family and then just picking up and starting a new life in Jamaica! That's something that he would really have to think about Teresa! That will be something that both him and Dana would have to work out together somehow."
"Yeah Diane, but what I don't understand is, why does your Aunt Christine want all her children to move back down to Jamaica?"
"I don't know either Teresa! I guess when Dana just got arrest­ed this last time, my Aunt Christine had decided that this would be the last straw! I guess she just got so mad and fed up, that she decid­ed everybody goes back!"
"Oh Diane, would they all really move back to Jamaica? Do they all really want to move back to Jamaica?"
"Well Teresa, as far as I know, none of them really want to move back to Jamaica, but they will do it for their mother, including Dana."
Teresa becomes very worried. She is terribly afraid for Dana to leave and move back to Jamaica.

The following Tuesday morning, Teresa soon shows up at Gracy and Mike‘s house. Diane D opens the door and lets Teresa inside. Teresa comes inside and says, "Good morning Diane.  Are you ready?"
"Yeah I'm ready Teresa,” Diane D says. “Let me just grab my jacket." Diane D grabs a jacket out of the closet. She then says, "Okay come on. It's getting late. I want to stop over there real quick before I go to work."
"Wait a minute Diane," Teresa nervously says.
Diane D looks at Teresa and asks, "What is it Teresa?"
"Diane, before we go, can I ask you an honest opinion about something?"
"An honest opinion? About what?"
"Well, I wanted to ask you this for a long time. What I'm about to ask you, I want it kept just between the two of us, alright?" 
"Alright. What is it?"
"Now, Diane, this is only an opinion I'm asking you, alright?" 
"What opinion Teresa?"
"Well we all know that Dana choked and killed that woman Rose, right?"
"Yeah."
"And we all know that Dana punched and killed that suspected rapist who tried to attack Landa, right?" 
"Yeah. What's your point Teresa?"
"Diane, do you think, do you think Dana murdered that woman Kathy?"
"Why are you asking me that Teresa? You're not wired, are you?"
"Wired? No! Of course not Diane! I'm not wired!" Teresa lifts up her clothes a little to prove to Diane D that she is not wired and says, "See, look! I'm not wired! Oh Diane  I wouldn't do that to you or Dana! I wouldn't set either one of you up! Diane, I'm not out to get Dana or trap Dana, but I don't blame you for asking me that question, because I probably would ask the same question myself if somebody asks me that opinion! Diane, I'm not asking you to give me any facts! I just want to know your honest, deep down, person­al, opinion, being that you and I are both close with Dana!  I just want to know your opinion that's all!"
Diane D hesitates. She then says, "Okay Teresa. But what I'm about to answer you is not a fact, alright? It's just my honest, deep down, personal, opinion, okay?"
"Okay. So do you think Dana murdered that woman Kathy?"
Diane D nods her head yes. 
“What!” Teresa shouts as she shockingly holds her hand over her mouth and stares wide eyed at Diane D.
"Now remember Teresa, this is my honest, deep down, personal opinion, alright? It's not a fact. I wasn't there when that woman Kathy was murdered. There were no witnesses around when it happened. Therefore, no one knows who the killer is!  Why what do you think Teresa?  Who do you think killed that woman Kathy? Do you think Dana murdered Kathy?"
Teresa hesitates. Then she sadly and tearfully nods her head yes. She starts to cry and says, "Oh Diane, I had thought this way for a long time, but I was so afraid to say anything to anybody about how I felt! I was afraid to ask anybody else their opinion! I was just curious to know whether anybody else had thought or felt the same way I did. But one more question Diane."
"What is it?"
"Do you think, do you think Dana killed that woman Sandra too?"
Diane D looks at Teresa. She then nods her head yes. 
Teresa shockingly holds her hand over her mouth again as she stares wide eyed at Diane D again.
"Now remember Teresa, my answer to that question is just an opin­ion also, not a fact. I wasn't there when that woman Sandra was murdered, therefore, I don't know who killed her. Well what do you think Teresa? Do you think Dana killed that woman Sandra too?"
Teresa tearfully looks at Diane D and sadly nods her head yes. "Oh Diane, I could never ever kill anybody!"
Diane D firmly stares at Teresa.  She then says, "Come on Teresa, it's getting late. Are you ready?"
Teresa puzzled stares at Diane D.  She then says, "Yeah I'm ready."
"Let's go." Diane D opens up the front door.  Teresa sadly walks out as they both leave the house.

Diane D and Teresa soon arrive to Uncle Kevin's house. Diane D rings the doorbell as Teresa stands nervously behind her. Uncle Kevin opens up the front door. He sees Diane D and says, “Hey Diane!”  He gives her a big hug. 
Diane D then says, "Oh Uncle Kevin, you remember Teresa, don't you?  A friend of Dana's and mine?"
"Yeah I remember Teresa,” Uncle Kevin says.  “How nice to see you again Teresa! Come on in!"
"Thank you," Teresa says as she nervously follows Diane D inside the house.

As Diane D and Teresa come inside the house, they hear shouting coming from the kitchen! Diane D asks, "What's going on back there?"
"I don't know Diane," Uncle Kevin sighs. "Christine has Dana handcuffed to her." 
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! Go back there."
Diane D rushes towards the kitchen as Teresa nervously follows behind her! 

When Diane D and Teresa enter the kitchen, they are shocked and stunned to see Dana handcuffed to her mother Christine as Christine argues with her brother Alan right in front of Dana! Diane D and Teresa see Dana, dressed in a gray denim jacket, match­ing denim pants and hair all pulled back in a long thick braid hang­ing down her back. They see Dana calmly sitting there on top of the kitchen counter with her head leaned back against the upper kitchen cabinets, watching her mother and her uncle face off with each other! They see a pair of handcuffs with a long chain between Dana's right hand and Christine's left hand! Diane D then shouts, "HEY!" Christine, Alan and Dana all turn their heads to look! They see Diane D and Teresa standing there at the kitchen entrance. Diane D approaches Christine, Alan and Dana. She looks at the handcuffs and asks, "What is this?"
"I TOLD CHRISTINE NOT TO PUT THESE HANDCUFFS ON DANA," Alan angrily shouts as he holds the handcuffs way up in the air! "LOOK WHAT SHE DID! SHE WENT RIGHT BEHIND MY BACK AND DID THIS ANYWAY!"
"OH ALAN PLEASE!" Christine angrily shouts.
Alan angrily walks away out of the kitchen! Diane D looks at the handcuffs again and asks, "What is this all about Aunt Christine?"
"Dana and I are going to go to her job this morning so we can clean out her desk and locker,” Christine angrily says.  “I just want to make sure she goes to clean out her desk and locker this morning."
"What do you mean clean out her desk and locker?"
"When Dana and Teresa had gotten fired from their job, I heard Dana had left a lot of her belongings back at the job inside her desk and her locker. We're going to pick up her things out of her desk and locker today."
"Aunt Christine haven't you heard? Haven't you heard that Stanley had gotten a promotion? He's head boss now! He rehired both Dana and Teresa back!"
"Yeah I know he rehired both Dana and Teresa back Diane, but Dana is not going back. She's not going to work back there anymore."
"No? Why not?"
"Like I said before Diane, Dana is moving back down to Jamaica with me! I have to make sure she cleans her desk and her locker out this morning!"
"But Aunt Christine, why do you have yourself and Dana in handcuffs? Do you have to have her handcuffed to you?"
"Oh Diane, what's the big deal? You know, I don't understand why you and Alan are making such a big fuss about this! Dana has been in handcuffs before! This is not her first time being in hand­cuffs you know! She has been in handcuffs plenty of times before! She's quite used to it now!"
"But Aunt Christine, are you really gonna force Dana to give up her job? A job that was offered back to her?"
"Well Dana is gonna have to give up her job if she's gonna move back down to Jamaica with me. She can't take the job with her." Christine picks up the telephone receiver and starts to make a phone call. She begins to speak on the telephone, saying, "Hello?   ……  Who's this Stanley?  ….   Hi Stanley, I'm Christine, Dana's mother.   ….    Yeah.   I just want to call you to let you know that Dana is giving up her job.  ….	 Yeah.  Thanks for offering her job back to her, but she won't be needing it.   She's not gonna come back to work there anymore.  …..	No.   ….   She's moving back down to Jamaica with me and the rest of her family next month.   …   Yeah. …  Yes she is.   So I'm gonna come up to the job with her today so she can pick up the rest of her belongings out of her desk and her locker.   ……   Yeah. I just want to let you know to be expecting me when I walk through the door with her, alright?"  Christine continues to be handcuffed to Dana as she speaks on the telephone with Stanley. Dana continues to calmly sit on the kitchen cabinet as her mother speaks on the telephone. Diane D then looks at Dana and worriedly asks, "How do you feel about this Dana?"
"I don't want to talk about it Diane," Dana says.
"Well Teresa had come over here to see if you were going to start back to work with her today. Are you really going to give up your job Dana?"
Dana refuses to speak again. She continues to lean her head back against the upper kitchen cabinets as her mother continues to talk on the telephone with Stanley. 
Christine finishes speaking on the telephone. She hangs up the telephone and says to Teresa, "Teresa, Dana and I are gonna drive up to the job. Do you want to ride with us since you're going that way?"
"Okay," Teresa nervously responds.
"Diane do you need a lift to the hospital?"
"Yeah. I guess I can use a lift,” Diane D says.
"Okay. We're gonna get ready to leave now." Christine turns to Dana and asks, "Are you ready?" Dana calmly steps down from off the kitchen counter as Christine helps her down. Teresa is about to walk out the kitchen towards the front door as Dana and Christine start to head towards the back door. Christine looks towards Teresa and shouts, "Teresa! We’re going out this way dear!" as she points her finger towards the back door. Teresa turns back around and nervously follows behind Diane D as they both fol­low Christine and Dana towards the back door. Dana firmly opens up the back door and walks out of it as Christine follows out behind her. Diane D and Teresa then follow out the door behind them.
Dana's car soon reaches her old job in Long Island City, Queens and parks into a parking space. Christine opens up the car door and gets out of the passenger seat as Dana slides over the passenger seat and Teresa comes out of the back seat. Dana then comes out of the car. Christine has a jacket covering the handcuffs. She keeps the handcuffs hidden under the jacket as she, Dana and Teresa go to the back door. Kenneth opens the back door to let them all in. Christine says to him, "Hello. I'm Christine, Dana's mother."
"Yeah, Stanley told me to be expecting you with her. He says to just come straight into his office whenever you arrive."
"Okay."
Kenneth points his finger towards the office and tells Christine, "The office is right down this way at the end of the hall, well Dana can show you where it is."
"Okay. Thanks." Christine turns to Teresa and says, "We'll be right back Teresa," as she and silent Dana start to head off towards the office.
Around a half-hour later, Dana and Christine come back out of the office. They walk through the hallway towards Teresa's direction as they talk quietly to each other, having a private conversation. Teresa soon approaches them and asks, "Well how did everything go?"
"Oh everything went okay Teresa," Christine says. "We're get­ting ready to go into Dana's back office to clean out her desk and locker now."
Teresa becomes hysterical as she cries out, "Oh Christine, are you really gonna have Dana move back down to Jamaica with you? I don't want Dana to leave! I don't want her to go!"
"I'm sorry Teresa, but it's too late now! Dana has to go!"
Teresa sadly turns her head to the side and looks away. Christine says, "I'm very sorry Teresa! Listen Teresa, Dana and I are getting ready to go into the back office to get her belongings. Would you like to come with us?"
"Okay," Teresa sadly says. She follows Christine and Dana towards the back office. Dana and Christine soon enter the back office as Teresa follows in behind them. Dana calmly leads her mother into the room. She and her mother pick up some big boxes that are down on the floor. Dana then leads her mother to her desk. Christine asks Dana, "Which items belong to you? Whichever items belong to you, put them all in this box," as she taps one of the boxes. Dana calmly starts to clean off her desk as Christine helps her. Teresa notices how calm and unemotional Dana seems to be as Dana and Christine clean off the top of the desk.
After Christine and Dana finish cleaning off the top of the desk, they start to clean out all of Dana's belongings from inside the desk. After they finish, Dana leads her mother to the locker where she has several more belongings. Teresa watches Dana calmly opening up the locker door. She then watches Dana and her mother pick up and take Dana's belongings out of the locker still handcuffed to one another. Teresa sees Dana calmly cleaning everything out of her locker like some sweaters, a jacket, shoes and some other belong­ings. She sees Dana showing no emotions at all. She sees Christine trying to get a radio that is stuck up on top of the locker shelf. Teresa then sees Dana gently and politely moving her mother aside so she can try to get the stuck radio. Dana manages to get the stuck radio out of the locker shelf. Teresa then watches Dana and Christine put everything into the cardboard boxes. Two large ones and two small ones. Dana and Christine then lift the two large boxes up and start to carry them off. Teresa grabs the door handle and opens the door for Dana and Christine.
A couple of minutes later, they all reach Dana's car. Dana unlocks her car trunk and opens it up. She and Christine put the boxes inside the car trunk. Dana and Christine then go back inside the building while Teresa waits outside near the car for them.
Christine and Dana soon come back out of the building with the two smaller boxes. They put the boxes inside the trunk. Dana closes up the car trunk and walks to the passenger side with her mother. Teresa sadly walks behind them. Dana opens up the passenger door. Before she gets inside the car, she turns to Teresa and tells her, "I'll talk to you later Teresa."
Teresa does not know what to say. She just sadly looks at Dana. Dana turns back to the car and gets inside the passenger side. Then she slides over to the driver's seat as Christine gets into the passen­ger seat. Christine closes the door behind herself as Dana starts up the car engine. Christine sadly looks at Teresa and says, "See you later Teresa, alright? We'll talk to you later."
Teresa sadly looks at Christine as Dana starts to pull off. Christine looks back at Teresa and waves good-bye to her as Dana drives away out of the parking lot. Teresa's eyes become full of tears as she sadly watches Dana's car disappear into the street.
Soon, word is out among all the other employees in the stock­room that Dana is not coming back to work there anymore! The word is out among the whole entire building that Dana had just cleaned out her desk and her locker from the back office and is mov­ing with her entire family back to Jamaica, West Indies! Everyone in the stockroom becomes excited! They are all happy to hear that Dana is no longer coming back! Everyone decides to celebrate! Morris shouts, "LET'S BRING OUT THE CHAMPAGNE!" They all decide to throw Dana a little going away party, knowing that she won't be there, but that's the way they all want it, for Dana not to be at her own going away party.  Everyone is excited! They are all happy to hear that a mean, unfriendly, grumpy person has just left their job and will no longer be with them! Everyone is all happy and excited, except for Teresa. She is the only one not happy about Dana's departure. Everyone else in the stockroom is very happy to hear that Dana is not coming back to the job and is moving back to Jamaica with her entire family for good. They all hope that she stays in Jamaica and never comes back.
That same evening, Teresa calls up Diane D on the telephone. Diane D is inside her grandparents’ house again as her cell phone rings. She goes to pick up her cell phone off the table.  She looks at it, speaks into it and says, "Yeah Teresa."
"Hey Diane!  DIANE, WHAT'S WRONG WITH DANA? HUH?"
"What's wrong with Dana?"
"YEAH!"
"What do you mean Teresa?"
"I MEAN THIS MORNING, WHEN WE HAD WENT OVER TO YOUR UNCLE KEVIN'S HOUSE WHERE YOUR AUNT CHRISTINE AND HER FAMILY MEMBERS ARE STAYING!"
"Yeah, what about it?"
"I MEAN DANA WAS JUST SITTING THERE ON TOP OF THE KITCHEN COUNTER! SHE WAS JUST SITTING THERE ON THE KITCHEN COUNTER LETTING HER MOTHER MAKE ALL THESE DECISIONS FOR HER WHILE HER MOTH­ER WAS ON THE TELEPHONE TALKING WITH STANLEY! DANA WAS JUST SITTING THERE NOT SAYING ANYTHING! SHE DIDN'T SAY A SINGLE WORD TO DEFEND HERSELF WHILE HER MOTHER WAS MAKING ALL THESE DECI­SIONS FOR HER! SHE DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING AT ALL!!  EVEN WHEN YOUR AUNT CHRISTINE CAME TO OUR JOB, SHE AND DANA WENT INTO THE BACK OFFICE SO DANA COULD CLEAN OUT HER DESK AND LOCKER! AND WHEN WE GOT INSIDE THE OFFICE, YOUR AUNT CHRISTINE WAS TELLING DANA WHICH ITEMS TO PUT INTO A CERTAIN BOX! THEN THEY BOTH STARTED CLEANING OUT ALL OF DANA'S BELONGINGS FROM OFF THE DESK!  THEN THEY CLEANED OUT ALL OF DANA'S BELONGINGS FROM INSIDE THE DESK! THEN THEY BOTH CLEANED OUT EVERYTHING FROM INSIDE OF DANA'S LOCKER AND DURING THAT WHOLE TIME, THEY WERE STILL HAND­CUFFED TO EACH OTHER AND DANA DIDN'T SEEM TO SHOW ANY EMOTIONS AT ALL! I MEAN SHE WAS JUST ACTING CALM THE WHOLE ENTIRE TIME LIKE SHE DID­N'T EVEN CARE!"
"WELL TERESA WHAT DID I TELL YOU?! DIDN'T I TELL YOU THAT SOONER OR LATER, DANA WAS GONNA CAVE IN TO HER MOTHER?! DIDN'T I TELL YOU THAT?!”
"Wow! That means that Dana is really gonna leave, is she Diane?"
"Yeah Teresa Dana is going! She is moving back to Jamaica, for good!" Teresa starts to cry all over the phone. "Teresa are you alright?" Diane D asks.
"I don't know Diane. I just need to lie down for a while. I just need some rest that's all."
"Okay. Don't get yourself too upset Teresa."
"I'll try not to Diane.  You don‘t sound too worried about Dana leaving Diane.  How come?"
"Because I know I’m still gonna see Dana.  Being in different countries hasn’t stopped us from being around each other before and it’s not going to stop us now.“
“Wow.“
“It’s getting late.“
“Okay. See you later Diane. By." Teresa hangs up the telephone and starts to cry.

It is very early Wednesday morning. Christine stops by her in­laws Gracy and Mike's house where most of her children stay. She rings the doorbell. Robert opens up the front door. He sees his moth­er and lets her inside. Christine comes inside the house with four large shopping bags. She leans towards Robert as they both give each other a loving kiss. Robert tells her, "Here, let me take those for you Mom."
"Oh thanks baby."
Robert walks into the living room with the four large bags and asks, "What is this Mom? What do you have in here?"
Christine follows Robert into the living room and says, "Oh it's just some pants suits in there that I bought for you all when we go back to Jamaica next month."
"What! You got us all some suits Mom?"
"I sure did! I bought them yesterday afternoon!"
Robert puts the bags down on the coffee table. Thomas then comes into the living room and greets his mother. Soon Gracy, Missy and Linda come out to the living room and greet Christine. Christine says to them all, "I had went to the airport yesterday after­noon. I had bought 11 airplane tickets for next month!" Everyone is stunned. Christine reaches inside her leather bag and pulls out an envelope. She reaches inside the envelope and pulls out 11 airplane tickets. She shows everyone the airplane tickets she had purchased. Everyone in the living room is shocked and stunned. They all look at the tickets.
"Mom, how much money did you have to spend for all of this?" Thomas asks.
"Oh Thomas, it's not that much money to spend! Each of you are only getting a one-way ticket!" Everyone looks at Christine. Christine then says, "After I left the airport yesterday, I stopped by the department store. I bought suits for each of you to wear for the trip back to Jamaica!" Christine goes into one of the large shopping bags. She pulls out three men's casual jacket and pants suits, with matching tank tops. One suit and one tank top for each of her boys.  She hands the suits and tank tops to Thomas and Robert. She says to them, "Thomas, this brown suit is for you, Robert this maroon suit is for you and this gray one is for Sammy." Christine then reaches into one of the other large bags. She pulls out two identical women's short corduroy jackets with matching corduroy pants. One of the suits is dark blue, the other is dark green. Christine hands the two suits over to Missy and tells her, "Missy, this green corduroy suit is for you and the blue one is for Dana." Missy is all stunned as she takes the suits and looks at them. Christine then goes back into the bag and pulls out two matching lace edge bustiers. One is dark blue, the other is dark green. Christine hands the two bustiers to Missy, telling her, "The green one is for you and the blue one is for Dana."  Missy takes the two bustiers and looks at them. Christine then reaches into a third large bag. She pulls out three more identical short corduroy jackets with matching corduroy pants. One of the corduroy suits is dark brown, another is dark purple and the third is dark maroon. Christine shows them all to Linda. Being that Christine cannot tell her own identical triplets apart at times and she cannot tell which triplet is which, she just hands Linda the three suits and tells her, "These are for you and the other two."
Linda takes the suits and looks at them. Christine then pulls out three matching lace edge bustiers. One is dark brown, another is dark purple, and the third is dark maroon. She also hands them to Linda. Everyone in the living room is all stunned. They all look at each other. They all realize that Christine has bought eight pants suits for all of her children. Christine then surprises everyone again! She goes into the fourth large bag and pulls out some pairs of shoes! She pulls out three pairs of black, men's shoes for her boys. She shows them all to Thomas and Robert. Thomas and Robert take the shoes and look at them. Christine goes into the bag again. She pulls out some more pairs of shoes. This time, she pulls out two identical pairs of thick, white, women's shoes. She hands them over to Missy. Missy looks at the thick white shoes. Christine then pulls out three more identical pairs of thick white shoes. She hands them all to Linda. Linda looks at the shoes.
Altogether, Christine pulls out eight pairs of shoes! Three black shoes for all her boys and five thick white shoes for all her girls. Thomas, Robert, Gracy, Missy and Linda look at the shoes, all won­dering what's next! Then, Christine surprises them all again by say­ing, "And tomorrow I'm gonna start shipping some of your belong­ings down to Jamaica!"
Christine starts to walk away towards the kitchen as everyone becomes shocked and shout, "WHAT! MOM!" as they stunned and worriedly follow after Christine towards the kitchen!
That same morning, Missy goes to the school. She is so worried about what her mother said earlier about having some of her and her siblings' belongings shipped to Jamaica. Missy is so worried, that when she comes back home from work tomorrow, she will find half of her belongings gone. She is so worried, that her mother will start to ship some of her belongings to Jamaica, while she is working at the school.
It is Thursday afternoon now. It is the end of the school day. Missy starts to rush home! She goes inside her grandparents' home and quickly rushes up the stairs to the bedrooms! She goes into one of the bedrooms and sees her grandmother and some of her siblings standing there in a half empty bedroom! Half of the bedroom is gone! Missy breathes hard as she shockingly shouts, "OH NO, DON'T TELL ME SHE'S DONE IT! DON'T TELL ME THAT MOM HAD ALREADY SHIPPED SOME OF OUR BELONG­INGS TO JAMAICA ALREADY?"
"YES MISSY," teary-eyed Gracy shouts! "I'M AFRAID YOUR MOTHER ALREADY DID!"
"YEAH," Sammy shouts! "SHE EVEN CAME OVER TO MY APARTMENT AND TOOK A LOT OF MY THINGS OUT OF THERE! MOM SAID THAT SHE WAS GONNA SHIP ALL MY BELONGINGS TO HER HOUSE IN JAMAICA! THEN MOM TOLD ME AFTER SHE LEAVES MY APARTMENT, SHE'S GONNA GO BACK TO DANA AND TONY'S APARTMENT NEXT TO PICK UP THE REST OF DANA'S BELONGINGS OUT OF THERE AND SHIP THEM TO JAMAICA ALSO!"
"WHAT!" Missy worriedly shouts!
Everyone stands around in shock and disbelief! They then go into the other rooms. They are half-empty also! Most of the rooms are half-empty, except for a couple of rooms, including Gracy and Mike's room. Everyone continues to stand around in shock and dis­belief! Missy begins to cry, "Oh Grandma," as she goes to cry on her grandmother's shoulders. Londa starts to cry on Gracy's shoulders also. Teary eyed Gracy hugs and holds Missy and Londa both as Sammy and Robert both full of tears stand there, sadly looking on at them.
Later on that evening, Tony's mother Susan tries to call him on the telephone. She keeps trying to call Tony all evening, but does not get an answer. She decides to stop by his apartment.
Around 8:30 PM, Susan reaches Tony's apartment door. She rings the doorbell. She hears someone on the other side of the door. She then hears the door unlocking. When the door opens, Susan sees her very sad and depressed looking son at the door. She quickly goes inside the door and closes it. She sees how terrible Tony looks and asks, "What happened to you Tony? I kept trying to call you all evening! What's the matter?"
Tony points his arm towards the direction of the living room. Susan looks towards the living room. She sees the apartment. It is half-empty! Susan walks into the living room! She shockingly looks around and asks, "What in the world happened here Tony?" as she goes to walk around, looking at the half-empty apartment! She is in disbelief! She then asks, "What happened Tony? I kept trying to call you! I was getting very worried about you!" Sad and depressed Tony just, nods his head with his eyes closed. Susan smacks Tony out of his depression! Tony looks at his mother! Susan asks, "Tony, what happened here? This place is half-empty! What happened?"
"I'LL TELL YOU WHAT HAPPENED MA! CHRISTINE AND HER FAMILY MEMBERS HAD BARGED IN HERE THIS AFTERNOON TO PICK UP THE REST OF DANA'S CLOTHES AND BELONGINGS! THEY CAME IN HERE AND SAID THAT THEY WERE HERE TO PICK UP DANA'S CLOTHES AND BELONGINGS AND SEND ALL HER THINGS DOWN TO JAMAICA! THEY SAID THAT THEY HAD A TRUCK WAITING DOWNSTAIRS FOR ALL OF DANA'S BELONGINGS! THEY SAID THAT THEY WERE GOING TO SEND ALL OF DANA'S BELONGINGS TO CHRISTINE'S HOUSE DOWN IN JAMAICA! OH MA, THEY'RE ALL PLANNING TO TAKE DANA BACK TO JAMAICA WITH THEM! THEY'RE DETER­MINED TO TAKE DANA BACK TO JAMAICA!"
"What! So Christine is actually going to have Dana move back to Jamaica with her, isn't she? When you had told me about what happened in the court building and you said that Christine was talking about having Dana and all her other children move back down to Jamaica with her, I thought she was just saying that out of anger! I didn't know that she actually meant it! I didn't know that she would actually go through with it!"
"NEITHER DID I MA! I DIDN'T THINK THAT SHE WOULD ACTUALLY GO THROUGH WITH IT EITHER!"
"Well where's Dana at now?"
"THEY GOT DANA AT HER UNCLE KEVIN'S HOUSE! CHRISTINE SAID THAT SHE WAS GOING TO KEEP DANA OVER THERE UNTIL THEY ALL GO BACK TO JAMAICA!"
"What do you mean Christine is going to keep Dana over there until they all go back to Jamaica? Tony, Christine and her family members aren't holding and keeping Dana over there against her will are they?"
"I DON'T KNOW MA! EITHER WAY, THEY WON'T ALLOW ME TO SEE HER!"
"Well Tony if Christine and her family members are keeping Dana over there against her will, they can be charged with false imprisonment you know!"
"BUT MA, WHAT CAN I DO? FILE FALSE IMPRISON­MENT CHARGES AGAINST CHRISTINE AND HER FAMILY MEMBERS? OH MA, DANA WOULD NEVER EVER FORGIVE ME IF I GO AGAINST HER FAMILY! ESPECIALLY IF I GO AGAINST HER MOTHER! OH MA, I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M GOING TO DO WITHOUT DANA! I LOVE DANA WITH ALL MY HEART AND I DON'T WANT TO LOSE HER!"
"Oh Tony I know you don't want to lose Dana! I know you don't want to lose her, but I guess we both have to try to understand where Christine is coming from!"
"What do you mean?"
Susan sits Tony down on the sofa. They both turn to face each other. Susan begins to talk to Tony and say, "Tony, Dana is Christine's child, right?"
"Yeah?"
"You see Tony, a mother is gonna always worry about her child or children no matter how old her child or children get! A mother is gonna always worry about her child, especially a child that she sees is going or has gone astray!"
"Gone astray?"
"Yes! You see Christine is very worried and scared that Dana is gonna wind up spending the rest of her life behind bars! No mother wants that for her child Tony! I certainly wouldn't want that for you or any of my other children! Christine certainly doesn't want that for any of her children either! Didn't you say that Christine had invited you to move down to Jamaica with them because she knows how much you love Dana?"
"Yeah she did invited me. She invited me when we were all down at the court building."
"Well have you thought about it?"
"Oh Ma, I thought a lot about it! It's a big step for me! It's a big step that I would have to make! A very big step! It means giving up my life here, giving up my job here and moving away from you and the rest of my family! It means moving away from my entire family to start a new life in another place! Oh Ma, this is gonna be a real tough decision for me!"
"I know Tony! You're gonna need a lot of time to think about it! When are they all suppose to leave?"
"They're all supposed to leave in less than a month!"
"Yeah? I'll tell you what Tony! Since you said that Christine had invited you to move down to Jamaica with her family, why don't you just go down to Jamaica with them and stay with them for a few weeks! That way you'll have some time to think about your plans while you're down there and you'll still get a chance to spend time with Dana!"
Tony smiles and says, "Oh Ma, you're wonderful! That's a great idea! I think I'll do that!"
"Why don't you! It will give you some time to think about what you're going to do with your future!"
"Okay Ma! I will!"
"Now, are you able to take some time off from your job?"
"Sure, I can make some arrangements! I'm supposed to have some vacation time coming up soon! I'll use that time to go to Jamaica with Dana and her family!"
"That sounds good! I just want you to be happy Tony! If being with Dana makes you happy, then I want you to be with her!"
"Oh thanks Ma," Tony says as he hugs his mother.
After their embrace, Susan says, "But Dana has to get help for her problem! She has to get help for her violent temper!"
"Yeah, we all know that Ma! I think Christine and her parents are planning on getting Dana some help down in Jamaica!"
"They are? That's good! I hope it works out for Dana!" 
"Yeah me too!"
"Now you're gonna have to call up Christine and let her know that you're planning on going with them! Let her know that you're only going to stay with them for a few weeks!"
"Okay Ma, I'll do that! I'll get ready to call her right now! You know Ma, when Christine and her family members had come in here this afternoon to pick up the rest of Dana's belongings, she had asked me have I thought about moving down to Jamaica with them all. She did ask me have I thought about it. I told her that I have thought a lot about it, but I haven't made up my mind yet!"
"Okay! Just tell her that you'll go down there with them to stay for a few weeks."
"Okay Ma," Tony smiles and says as he starts to dial on the tele­phone.
Around 10:30 that same night, a very sad Missy is sitting in her half-empty room. She then hears a tap on the bedroom door. She looks up and sees her grandmother standing there. Gracy asks, "Missy are you alright?"
"Yeah Grandma, I'm alright."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah, I'm sure."
"Well I just wanted to tell you that your mother is on the tele­phone." Missy looks at her grandmother. Gracy then says, "She wants to speak to you."
Missy gets up from the chair. She walks out the bedroom door and goes to her grandparents' room. She picks up the telephone and says, "Mom?"
Christine, who is laying on the bed at Kevin's house, says, "Hi Missy.  How are you? How do you feel?" 
"I feel very sad Mom!" 
"You feel sad?
"Yes! Mom, I don't want to quit my job! I don't want to leave the school! I don't want to leave the children that's in the school! Oh Mom, if I leave those children, I'm gonna really miss them!"
"Well Missy you can still work at the school until we all get ready to leave for Jamaica! You still have a few more weeks! Have you turned in your resignation papers yet?"
"No Mom, I haven't!"
"Now Missy, I had went with Dana to her old job the other day, don't tell me that I might have to go with you now!"
"But Mom, I don't want to quit my job!"
"But Missy, you have to quit your job! I have arranged every­thing for everybody to all move back to Jamaica! Tony just called me up a little while ago! He's going with us! He says that he's going to Jamaica with us to stay just for a few weeks!"
"He is?"
"Yes! Now Missy, I bought all the airline tickets already! I expect all the airline tickets to be used! I don't plan to waste any of them, alright? Now I'll be over there in the morning to pick you up. We are going to go to your job tomorrow morning together, so we can turn in your resignation papers."
"MOM PLEASE!"
"I'll see you in the morning, goodnight." Christine hangs up the telephone.
Missy then hangs up the phone. She goes to her grandmother and shouts, "OH GRANDMA," as she starts to cry uncontrollably on her grandmother's shoulders.
Around 8:00 the next Friday morning, Christine stops by her in-­laws house and rings the doorbell. Gracy opens up the door to let Christine in. They both kiss each other good morning. Christine asks, "Where's Missy? Is she ready?"
Missy comes sadly down the staircase. Christine goes to Missy and gives her a morning kiss. Christine asks, "Are you alright Missy?"
"No I'm not alright Mom!"
"Now Missy, I don't want to go through this again! We had already discussed everything about this on the phone last night and we are not going to talk about it anymore, alright? Now are we ready to go?" Missy sadly heads for the front door as Christine follows behind her. Christine tells Gracy, "I'll talk to you later Mom."
"Okay Christine."
Christine and Missy head out the front door. They walk down the block together. Gracy sadly watches them both as they disappear down the street.
A few hours later, Christine and a very sad and depressed Missy leave the school office. Missy had already turned in her resignation papers to the school office! She then walks her mother to the front door of the school building. As Christine and Missy reach the front door, Christine turns to Missy and says, "I'm sorry Missy. It's for the best." Christine kisses Missy on the cheek and tells her, "I'll see you later, okay?" Christine opens the door and starts to depart from a sad looking Missy. She then heads out the door and starts to leave the school building. Missy stands in the doorway and sadly watches her mother as her mother walks away from the school building. Christine then heads down the street as sad looking Missy continues to watch her.
Soon, word is all out among the entire school staff that Missy is leaving the school. The word is out that Missy will quit her job with­in a few weeks and move with her entire family back to Jamaica, West Indies. All of the employees are shocked and stunned! They all become very sad to hear that Missy is gonna leave the school with­in a few weeks. They are all sad to hear that Missy will no longer be with them anymore. Some of the school staff members quickly approach Raymond! They all begin to question him and ask, "Is it true Raymond? Is it true that Missy had just turned in her resigna­tion papers this morning and that she is quitting? Is it true that she is moving back to Jamaica with her entire family?"
"Yes it is," Raymond says. "She had told me before that her mother wanted the entire family to move back down to Jamaica, all because of her sister!"
"Her sister?" Neil asks. "Who Dana?"
"Yeah! Dana had gotten arrested again for suspicion of murder!" 
"WHAT! SUSPICION OR MURDER?" the school staff shout! 
"Yeah! Missy's mother was in Jamaica when she had found out about it!"
"Well what happened?" Russell asks. "Why was Missy's sister Dana suspected of murder?"
"Well I heard some ex co-worker of Dana's had caused her and a friend of hers named Teresa to get fired from their jobs over a month ago! Then I heard that the guy was found outside his apart­ment building in the Bronx with his head bashed in a week later! He died later on at the hospital from a hard vicious blow to the head!"
"WHAT! OH MY GOD!"
"Yeah! His skull was fractured! The police arrested Dana on sus­picion of murder! I heard the police claim to know Dana's violent tempered history from her fingerprints! Then I heard that Missy's mother had gotten very angry and upset when she heard the news! She was in Jamaica, then I heard she flew up here with her family members and sort of ordered all her children to move back to Jamaica, all because Dana keeps getting arrested and going back and forth to jail!"
"Yeah?" Neil asks. "But what happened to Dana? Did she go to court?"
"Yeah! I found out later that she went to court, but the courts let her go! They couldn't find any proof or any evidence against her! And now Missy and the rest of her brothers and sisters have to all move back to Jamaica, all because of one sibling!"
"But they're all grown! They shouldn't have to move back to Jamaica if none of them really want to!"
"Yeah they all know that, but they will all move down to Jamaica for their mother! I guess they all feel kind of bad about what their mother has been going through with their sister Dana constant­ly getting arrested for assault or murder charges, going back and forth to jail and everything and going back and forth to court!"
Everyone is sad. Neil says, "Oh Raymond, I don't want Missy to leave! She's one of the nicest people we have here!"
"You don't want Missy to leave? She's one of the nicest people we have here? At one time, nobody wanted to be around Missy! I noticed how everybody was staying away from Missy because you all were afraid of her sister! At one time, I noticed Missy sitting alone in the cafeteria! Everyone seemed like they were all trying to avoid her and didn't want to sit with her, and now she's leaving! Now you all want to be with her! Like they say, you never miss a person until they're gone! And now Missy is going! She is leaving with her entire family for good! Well how do you all feel now? None of us are happy about her leaving! None of us are!" Raymond turns around and walks away. Everyone just stares sadly at one another.
Later on that evening, Tony calls up Diane D‘s cell phone. Diane D picks up her cell phone.  She looks at it and says, "Hey Tony."
"Hey Diane!!"
"What's up? How you doing?" Michael smiles and comes near Diane D to listen.
"Oh I'm alright Diane," Tony says. "I just wanted to call you and Michael up to tell you both that I have decide to go with Dana and her family to Jamaica!"
"Oh really?” Diane D says as she switches the cell phone speaker on.  “You decided to go with them?"
"Yeah! I decided to go and stay just for a few weeks! I called up your Aunt Christine! I told her that I would go with her family to Jamaica and stay just for a few weeks, to give me some time to think! She said okay! I told her at least while I'm down there, it will still give me some time to spend with Dana!"
"Yeah that's true! Boy that sounds great Tony! Hey, maybe I should come along for the trip! Maybe me and Michael should go along with you guys!"
"Hey, that's a good idea Diane! You are Dana's cousin! You're part of her family! Why don't you and Michael come along for the trip?"
"Okay! Let me ask Michael!" Diane D turns to Michael and says, "Well how about it Michael? Do you want to go along for the trip?"
"That sounds like a good idea! Hey Tony! What's up man?"
"Oh nothing much Mike. How've you been?"
"Oh I've been okay. We were kind of worried about you, being that Dana is most likely going to move back to Jamaica."
"Yeah I know. That's why I called up you and Diane to let you both know that I decided to go down to Jamaica with Dana and her family next month! I decided to go down there and stay only for a few weeks! At least while I'm down there, it will give me some time to think and some time to still be with Dana."
"Yeah that's true!"
"Diane was thinking about coming along for the trip! What do you say Mike? Would you two like to go with the family down to Jamaica?"
"You know that doesn't sound like a bad idea Tony." Michael turns to Diane D and asks, "So do you want to go along for the trip to Jamaica?"
"Sure I want to go along!"
"Okay, but first we have to speak to Aunt Christine about it." 
"Okay. No problem."
Michael turns back to the cell phone and says, "Yeah Tony, Diane and I want to come along for the trip!" 
"Okay! Good!"
"We're gonna get ready to call up Aunt Christine and let her know that we want to go along."
"Okay Mike! After you call her up, call me back later and let me know what's up!"
"Alright man! We're gonna get ready to call her up right now."
"Okay Mike! I'll talk to you and Diane later!"
"You got it man! Take care!" Michael closes the cell phone.

It is now 8:00 PM. Missy and Linda are out sitting on a park bench with their male friends James and Terrance. They are sitting under the trees. Missy and Linda are telling the guys about their fam­ily's situation. They tell the guys about how their mother is still try­ing to make them all move back down to Jamaica. James shouts, "WHAT! YOU MEAN TO TELL US THAT YOUR MOTHER IS STILL PERSISTING TO HAVE YOU ALL MOVE BACK DOWN TO JAMAICA WITH HER? ALL BECAUSE OF DANA?"
"All because of Dana, yeah," Missy tearfully laughs as she sadly looks towards the side. Linda and Terrance sadly look at Missy. Missy begins to cry on James' shoulders. James puts his arms around her. Missy starts to cry out, "She already bought our plane tickets! She even bought us all suits to where for the plane ride!"
"She also bought us shoes and already sent some of our belong­ings down to Jamaica," Linda says.
"I guess that means you all are leaving aren't you?" Terrance sadly asks. They all sadly look at each other. Terrance begins to hold tightly on to Linda. They all are very sad. They do not want to leave each other. Terrance excitingly says, "Hey! Maybe we can come along for the trip! Maybe we can come with you guys to Jamaica!"
Missy's and Linda's faces light up as James excitingly says, "Yeah, how about that? That sounds like a good idea!"
"Yeah that is a good idea," Linda says.
"Yeah, why don't you two come along," Missy smiles and says. "Me and Linda could speak to our family about it!"
"Okay good," James says. "When do you think you could be able to speak to your family about it?"
"Well, maybe tonight, right Linda?"
"Yeah," Linda says. "If not tonight, then maybe tomorrow. Okay guys?"
"Okay," Terrance says. They all look up at the sky. They see very thick clouds. Terrance says, "I think a thunderstorm is coming. Come on you guys, let's get out of here." They all get up from the bench and start to leave the park.

10:00 that same night, Diane D calls up Tony's number. Tony picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Tony, it's me Diane!"
"Hey Diane, what's up? What's the deal? Did you and Michael speak to your Aunt Christine?"
"Yeah, we spoke to her! We're going!"
"Oh really? You and Michael are gonna come along for the trip to Jamaica?"
"Yeah, we're both coming along!"
"Oh that's great Diane! I'm glad to hear that!"
"Yeah! And guess who else is coming along for the trip?"
"I don't know. Who?"
"A lot of my other relatives!"
"A lot of your other relatives?"
"Yep!"
"Like who?"
"Well, my Uncle David is coming along!" 
"Your Uncle David?" 
"Yeah! And both of my grandparents!" 
"Both of your grandparents too?" 
"Yeah! And both of my parents!" 
"Both of your parents?"
"Yeah! And my Aunt Celeste and her husband Andy, my Aunt Jean and her husband Clifford, my Uncle Kevin and my Aunt Laura!"
"You're kidding Diane!"
"No I'm not kidding Tony! My Aunt Christine told me that my Uncle David, both of my grandparents and my parents, my other aunts and uncles are all coming along on the trip!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah!"
"Boy, that sounds great Diane! But what made them all decide to come along?"
"Well, after I spoke to my Aunt Christine on the phone, I called up my grandparents personally and spoke with them. I told them that Michael and I are planning on coming along on the trip. Then they told me that my Uncle David is planning on moving down to Jamaica for good also!" 
"WHAT!"
"Yeah! I found out that my Uncle David is planning on quitting his job next week to move with his children to Jamaica!" 
"Really?"
"Yeah!"
"Boy, this is unbelievable! I mean that's great Diane, but what made your Uncle David decide to just quit his job and move to Jamaica just like that?"
"Well, my Uncle David claims that he loves his children and didn't want to be apart from them. He claims he doesn't want to leave his job either, but he says that he rather have his children than have his job."
"Really?"
"Yeah."
"Oh that's nice Diane."
"Yeah. Plus he says that he wants to be there for Dana and make sure that she stays out of trouble and stays out of jail." 
"Oh really?" 
"Yeah."
"Boy that sounds real great Diane! It sounds like Dana is gonna have both of her parents on her trail, huh?" 
"Yeah I guess so Tony."
"Well what about your grandparents and the rest of them? How long are they all planning to stay in Jamaica?"
"Oh they're all planning on staying in Jamaica for a couple of months to help my Aunt Christine, my Uncle David and the rest of them all settle down."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. After a couple of months, they're all gonna come back up here."
"Okay! Well how long are you and Michael going to stay in Jamaica?"
"Oh we're only going to stay for a few weeks also. After a few weeks, we're gonna come back up here." 
"Oh yeah?" 
"Yeah."
"I guess that means you, Michael and I can all fly back up here together when it's time for us to come back home, huh?" 
"Sure, why not?"
"Okay! But where is everybody gonna stay when we all get to Jamaica Diane? Is there room for everybody?"
"Oh everybody is gonna stay at my grandfather's mansions! My grandfather owns a few big houses in Jamaica you know!"
"Yeah I know. Dana told me before."
"Yeah. The houses are out in the countryside! My Aunt Christine stays and lives in one of the big houses, while her parents and some of her other family members stay and live in the second and third houses. My Aunt Christine says that she's gonna put all her children in the big house with her when they all move down to Jamaica."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. So Dana and all her brothers and sisters are gonna move into the first big house with my Aunt Christine. So will my Uncle David."
"What! Your Uncle David is gonna move into the same house with his children and your Aunt Christine?"
"Yeah! It's like Dana's entire family is gonna all live under the same roof again!"
"Oh yeah? That sounds nice Diane. But what part of the house is your Uncle David going to stay in?"
"Oh I hear he's planning on moving right into my Aunt Christine's bedroom!"
"He's gonna move into your Aunt Christine's bedroom?"
"Yeah."
"Well where will your Aunt Christine stay?"
"In the same room! My Aunt Christine has always been in that bedroom! She's not going anywhere! My Uncle David is going to move into the bedroom with her! That's where he usually stays any­way whenever he goes to Jamaica to visit my Aunt Christine! He stays right in the bedroom with her."
"Yeah I heard."
"My grandfather had owned a smaller house in Jamaica." 
"Yeah Dana told me that too."
"He had bought a small house for my Uncle David and my Aunt Christine when they first got married! But when my Aunt Christine kept popping up with a lot of babies, that's when my grandfather decided to buy them a bigger house and put them all in it."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah."
"So what did they do with the smaller house?"
"Oh my grandfather still kept it for a while. Then he sold it and bought another big house in Jamaica. So that's where everybody will be staying, at my grandfather's big houses."
"That sounds good Diane."
"It does. Okay Tony, I'm gonna get ready for bed." 
"Okay Diane. I'm glad you and Michael are both coming along."
"Yeah me too."





















Chapter 27

Teresa Wants To Come Along On Trip

The following Saturday evening, Diane D's cell phone rings. She picks up her cell phone, looks at it then speaks into it and says, "Hey Joseph."
"Hello Diane," Joseph says. 
"What's going on? How've you been?"
"Oh I've been alright Diane. I just wanted to say that I heard Tony had decided to go along with Dana and her family to Jamaica."
"Yeah he's going along! He's gonna stay with them for a few weeks!"
"Yeah I heard. I heard you were going also. Michael called me earlier and told me that you and he are also going along for the trip to Jamaica."
"Yeah we are!"
"Oh Diane! Teresa is very upset about you and Michael leaving! I mean it's hard enough for her that Dana is leaving for good and now she hears that you're leaving too! It's hard enough for her that you all are leaving and she feels kind of left out!"
"Oh Joseph, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to upset Teresa! Where is she?"
"She's in the bedroom crying her eyes out! She wants to go on the trip with you guys!"
"Oh Joseph, let me speak to her!"
"I don't know if she's gonna come to the phone Diane!  She is very upset!"
"Oh Joseph, do you two want to come along on the trip?"
"I wouldn't mind going along on the trip with you guys Diane, but I'm sure Teresa would love to go!"
"Okay Joseph, let me talk to my Aunt Christine about it first, okay? After I speak to her, I'm gonna speak to my grandfather and ask him about it because everybody is going to stay at his houses! He owns three big houses in Jamaica! That's where my Aunt Christine and her family members live!"
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. So I'm gonna call up my Aunt Christine right now and then I'm gonna call and ask my grandfather about it, alright?" 
"Alright Diane." 
"I'll get back to you Joseph."
"Okay Diane. I'll be here." Joseph hangs up the telephone.

A couple of hours later, Diane D sits on the bed in her bedroom. She dials a number on her cell phone. 
Joseph speaks into the tele­phone and says, "Hello?"
"Hey Joseph,” Diane D says.
"Hey Diane! What's up? Did you speak to your Aunt Christine and your grandfather? What's the deal?"
"Well, my grandfather says that no friends can come along on the trip. He says that this is a family matter that we're all trying to take care of."
"What?  So what are you saying Diane? Are you saying that your grand­father does not want me and Teresa to come along on the trip with you guys?"
"I'm afraid that's what he's saying Joseph."
"Oh Diane, Teresa is gonna be real heart broken by this! First she's heartbroken because you all are leaving, and now she's gonna be double heartbroken to know that she cannot come along! Oh Diane, I don't know how I'm gonna break the news to her!"
"Let me talk to her Joseph. Put her on the phone."
"Okay. Hold on."
A minute later, Teresa comes on the telephone and says, "Diane?"
"Hey Teresa, what's up? How are you?" 
"Oh I'm alright. Well did you find out about the trip? Did you find out whether or not Joseph and I could come along?"
"Well Teresa, I spoke to my grandfather about it a little while ago. He says that no friends are allowed on the trip." 
"What?  What are you saying Diane?"
"Well my grandfather says that this is a family matter! He says that this is a family situation that we're all going to take care of! He says there's no room for friends right now! He says that we're all going to take care of family business!"
"WHAT! WELL DIANE I MIGHT NOT BE FAMILY TO ANY OF YOU, BUT I DO CARE A LOT FOR DANA TOO! JOSEPH AND I WERE ALWAYS THERE FOR DANA! WE WERE ALWAYS THERE FOR HER WHENEVER SHE HAD GOTTEN INTO TROUBLE! WE WERE ALWAYS THERE FOR DANA WHENEVER SHE WAS HELD AT THE POLICE STATIONS AFTER THE MANY TIMES SHE'S GOTTEN ARRESTED! WE WERE ALWAYS THERE FOR DANA WHENEVER SHE HAD TO GO TO COURT! I EVEN VISITED DANA WHENEVER SHE WENT TO JAIL AND WHEN SHE WENT TO PRISON! I EVEN SENT HER PACKAGES DURING THE TIMES SHE SPENT IN JAIL AND IN PRISON! I VISITED AND STAYED WITH DANA WHILE SHE WAS ON PROBATION DOING WORK AT THE COMMUNITY CENTER!  I WAS THERE FOR BOTH YOU AND DANA WHENEVER ANY OF YOU GOT INTO TROUBLE! DID YOUR GRANDFATHER FORGET ABOUT ALL OF THAT?"
"Oh Teresa, I know how you feel! I tell you what Teresa! I'm gonna stop by my grandparents' house tomorrow and speak to my grandfather face to face about this situation, okay? I'm going to ask him once again can you and Joseph come along on the trip!"
"Oh would you Diane? It would really mean a lot to me if Joseph and I could come along for the trip."
"Okay Teresa. I'm gonna stop by my grandparents' house tomor­row and speak to my grandfather."
"Okay Diane. Thanks a lot. I appreciate this."
"That's okay Teresa."
"I'll talk to you tomorrow."
"Okay Teresa. See you later." Diane D hangs up the telephone. She continues to sit on the bed and stares into space. She then gets up off the bed and leaves the room.

The next Sunday afternoon, Diane D is at her grandparents' house. She and her grandfather Mike are in the middle of a slight bitter argument as they both come down the staircase with Mike stopping right at the bottom of the staircase angrily shouting, "NOW DIANE, I TOLD YOU ONCE BEFORE AND I'M NOT GOING TO TELL YOU AGAIN! NO FRIENDS ALLOWED ON THIS TRIP! THIS IS A FAMILY MATTER! THIS IS A FAMILY SITUATION THAT WE'RE ALL GOING TO TAKE CARE OF! WE DON'T HAVE ANY ROOM FOR FRIENDS RIGHT NOW, THERE IS NO ROOM, DO YOU GET THAT?"   
"BUT GRANDPA	"
"NOW I'M SORRY FOR THE WAY YOUR FRIEND TERESA FEELS ABOUT THIS WHOLE ENTIRE THING AND I KNOW SHE AND HER BOYFRIEND JOSEPH HAD ALWAYS BEEN THERE FOR DANA, BUT EVERYBODY'S FRIENDS CANNOT COME ALONG! I MEAN EVERYBODY'S FRIENDS WANT TO COME ALONG FOR THE TRIP! MISSY'S FRIEND JAMES WANTS TO COME ALONG FOR THE TRIP, LINDA'S FRIEND TERRANCE WANTS TO COME ALONG, LONDA'S FRIEND WANTS TO COME ALONG, LANDA'S FRIEND WANTS TO COME ALONG AND NOW YOUR FRIENDS WANT TO COME ALONG! I MEAN WHAT DO YOU ALL THINK WE'RE RUN­NING HERE, SOME KIND OF CLUB MED?   
"BUT GRANDPA ….."
"LISTEN DIANE, I CANNOT STOP ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS FROM GETTING ON THAT PLANE WHEN WE LEAVE, BUT IF ANY OF THEM DO GET ON THAT PLANE AND ONCE WE ALL LAND IN JAMAICA, THEY ALL BETTER FIND A HOTEL OR A MOTEL TO STAY IN BECAUSE NEI­THER ONE OF THEM ARE STAYING AT ANY OF MY HOUS­ES! THE ONLY REASON WHY YOU'RE COMING ALONG IS BECAUSE YOU'RE MY GRANDDAUGHTER! THE ONLY REASON WHY MICHAEL IS COMING ALONG IS BECAUSE HE'S YOUR HUSBAND! THE ONLY REASON WHY TONY IS COMING ALONG IS BECAUSE HE LOVES DANA AND THEY'VE BOTH BEEN TOGETHER SO LONG AND DANA IS THE MAIN REASON WHY WE'RE ALL MAKING THIS ENTIRE TRIP EN THE FIRST PLACE! LIKE I SAID BEFORE DIANE, NO FRIENDS ALLOWED ON THIS TRIP, YOU GO IT? NO FRIENDS ALLOWED!"
"ALRIGHT GRANDPA FINE!" Diane D shouts as she angrily walks away with her grandfather!

That same night, Diane D sadly sits on her bed. She starts to dial up Teresa's number. The telephone rings inside Teresa's apartment. Teresa picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello Teresa."
"Hi Diane.  You don't sound too happy. You spoke to your grandfa­ther again didn't you?" 
"Yeah I did Teresa."
"Well I'm almost afraid to ask you what he said."
"His mind hasn't changed Teresa. He still says no friends allowed on this trip. He still says that this is a family matter and that this is a family situation that we're all going to take care of. He start­ed yelling at me and everything when I had asked him about it again. He started shouting about how everybody's friends want to come along for the trip. He still says that there is no room for friends and that he's sorry for the way you feel about it Teresa. He says that he cannot stop any friends from getting on the plane, but says once the plane lands in Jamaica, all of our friends would have to find a hotel or a motel to stay in, because there's no room at any of his houses."
"Never mind Diane, forget it! I'm not going to go anywhere I'm not wanted or anywhere I have to beg to go!"
"I'm terribly sorry Teresa!" Teresa starts to cry on the phone. Diane D then says, "I really tried!"
"I know you did Diane. I believe you. But since I can't come along for the trip, I would like to ride with you all to the airport, if that's okay. I would really like to tell Dana goodbye before she leaves."
"Oh that would be wonderful Teresa."
"Do you know what time your flight leaves?"
"I think the flight is gonna leave sometime around 8:45 in the morning. I'm not sure yet."
"Okay, but try to find out for sure, alright? When I ride with you all to the airport, at least it will give me a chance to say goodbye to Dana."
"Alright Teresa. I'll try to find out the exact time the flight leaves."
"Okay Diane. I'll talk to you later."
"Okay Teresa. See you." Diane D closes her cell phone and walks away.
















































Chapter 28

Missy Tells Raymond Goodbye

It is now a few weeks later on a Monday afternoon. It is the end of the school day. Missy is at the school, talking to Raymond in the school hallway. She tells him, "I'm leaving for Jamaica tomorrow morning."
"What! You're leaving in the morning?"
"Yeah."
"I didn't know you were gonna leave this soon! Your entire fam­ily is leaving?"
"Yeah, my entire family. We're all leaving for the airport tomor­row morning. Our flight leaves at around 8:45." 
"Oh yeah?" 
"Yeah."
"Oh Missy, I'm gonna miss you terribly!" 
"I'm gonna miss you too Raymond!"
"Well who's all leaving for the airport? How many people are going?"
"Well, all together around forty people."
"Around forty people?"
"Yeah."
"Why so many people?"
"Well my mother's family and relatives are going back to Jamaica. My grandparents and some of my father's family are coming along for a couple of months to help us all settle in. My father is coming along because he's moving down to Jamaica with us."
"What! Your father is moving down to Jamaica with you all?"
"Yeah."
"I didn't know that he was moving to Jamaica with you guys! Why is he moving to Jamaica? Oh Missy, don't tell me that your mother made your father quit his job too!"
"Oh no Raymond, my mother didn't make my father quit his job! My father did that entirely on his own! It was his own idea!"
"It was?"
"Yeah."
"Why?"
"He says he wants to be with his children." 
"He wants to be with his children?" 
"Yeah."
"Oh that's nice Missy. Where will he be staying?"
"In the same house with us. We're all moving into my mother's house. Well actually my grandfather owns the house, but my moth­er lives in it. And we're all going to move in there."
"Oh really?"
"Yeah."
"Boy that must be a pretty big house to have you all stay and live in it."
"Yeah, it's a pretty big house."
"Well, I hope you have a wonderful life in Jamaica Missy. Will you keep in touch?"
"Sure! I would love that Raymond!"
"Okay." Raymond takes a pen and pad out of his smock pocket. He hands the pen and pad to Missy and says, "Write down your address and phone number for me."
"Okay," Missy says. She starts to write down her address and phone number in Jamaica. She finishes and hands the pen and pad back to Raymond.
Raymond looks at the pad and says, "Thanks Missy."
"You're welcome. Now give me your address and phone num­ber."
Raymond sadly looks at Missy and says, "Well, your sister Dana was seen around my address. Maybe you can get my address from her."
Missy sadly looks at Raymond and says, "Oh come on Raymond. I'll just get it from you." Raymond writes down his address and phone number on the pad. He finishes and hands the piece of paper to Missy. Missy looks at the paper and says, "Thanks Raymond."
"You're welcome. So what will you be doing for a living while you're in Jamaica Missy?"
"I'll be working for my mother at her businesses."
"You're going to work for your mother at her businesses?"
"Yeah. Me and my brothers and sisters. We're all going to work for my mother. My mother is gonna hire all of us at her businesses. She's going to be our boss!"
"Your mother is going to be your boss?"
"Yeah! She's going to have all of us live with her and work for her! She said she's going to have all of us put to work by next month!"
"Really? Well what about Dana? Will she be working for your mother too?"
"Yeah, while she's out of the hospital."
"The hospital? What hospital Missy? What are you talking about?"
"Well my mother and her parents down in Jamaica had made arrangements for Dana to be put into a mental hospital in Jamaica."
"What! Your family is going to put Dana into a mental hospital in Jamaica?"
"Yeah. They're going to put her into a mental hospital next month."
"Oh really?" 
"Yeah."
"Well for how long?"
"Around six months or a year, depending how much time the courts and the doctors think Dana needs to stay in there." 
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah. So while my mother puts Dana into a hospital, she's gonna put the rest of us to work!"
"Really? Well how often will you and your family get to see Dana while she's in the hospital?"
"We'll get to visit her every week and Dana will come home and stay one weekend a month. After that one weekend is over, she goes back in the hospital."
"I see. I hope Dana gets some help while she's in the hospital."
"Oh Raymond we all hope Dana gets the help she needs." Missy looks at her watch and says, "Well, I got to get home and start pack­ing the last of what I have left at my grandparents' house."
"Okay. Well, you take care Missy."
"You too Raymond."
"And Missy?"
"Yeah Raymond?"
"I'm sorry for all the trouble that we've had in the past, dealing with Kathy, your sister Dana and the courts."
"Oh Raymond, so am I. And Raymond, no matter what happened between me and you in the past, dealing with the courts, Dana and everything, I am so sorry about what happened to Kathy!" Raymond sadly looks at Missy. His eyes become filled with tears. Missy sadly says, "Oh I didn't mean to upset you Raymond."
"No that's okay Missy. It's just that every so often, I go to visit Kathy's grave."
Missy shockingly puts her hand over her mouth as she looks at Raymond! She tearfully says, "Oh Raymond, I didn't know! I had no idea you were visiting Kathy's grave!"
"Yeah, I do visit her grave Missy. Every so often I visit Kathy's grave and put flowers on it."
Missy tearfully goes to give Raymond a big hug as she cries uncontrollably on his shoulders. Raymond hugs Missy back. Both of their eyes are filled with tears. They have a long embrace with each other. After they finish their embrace, Missy says, "I didn't know any of this Raymond! I am so sorry! How is Kathy's mother? How is she doing?"
"Oh Kathy's mother had moved away a couple of months after Kathy was murdered. She couldn't take living there anymore Missy. It brought her bad memories of Kathy's death. Especially the fact that we both saw how badly bloodied and butchered Kathy's body was when the police lifted the sheet off the body! That sight is some­thing we will both never forget."
Missy gives Raymond another tearful hug and cries, "I'm sorry Raymond." After their embrace Missy asks, "So what are you plan­ning to do now that Kathy is gone?"
"I'm just going to have to get on with the rest of my life. I will always think about Kathy. I will never forget her."
"Neither will I Raymond. Neither will I. Listen, I have to get ready to go. Now you take care Raymond. I'll call you, okay?"
"Okay. I'll call you too. By."
"By Raymond." Missy turns around and slowly starts to head for the front door of the school building. She opens the front door and waves her hand to Raymond. She sadly walks out as the door closes behind her. Raymond sadly goes to the front door and opens it. He sadly watches Missy as she goes down the street.























Chapter 29

Off To The Airport!


The following Tuesday morning, the entire family heads for the airport. They all head out to Kennedy Airport, riding in several cars and a few vans. Soon, they all reach Kennedy Airport and follow each other into the parking area. They park their vehicles and come out of them. Mike and Gracy come out of their car with a couple of their grown children Laura and Willie. Their other grown children Ronald and Kevin come out of another car with several of their own grown children. Celeste comes out of a car with her husband Andy as Jean comes out of the same car with her husband Clifford. Around 6 of Gracy and Mike's other grandchildren come out of another vehicle. David, who is wearing a jacket and cap, comes out of a van with Sammy, Thomas, Robert, Sammy's girlfriend Darlene and Thomas' girlfriend Mandy. Sammy and Darlene's two children, Donnelle and 1-year old Tory also come out of the van. Sammy, Thomas and Robert are all dressed in the casual jacket and pantsuits that Christine had bought for them. They are also wearing the black shoes Christine had bought for them. Harold, Alan and some of their family members come out of one of the vans. The rest of their fam­ily members come out of another van. Tony comes out of a car with his family. He comes out with his brother, two sisters and their par­ents Susan and Larry. Diane D, Michael, Teresa and Joseph come out of a van with Diane D's parents Mary and Barry, and Michael's parents. James, Chad, Rick and Terrance come out of another car.  David's family members and Christine's family members start to all go into the trunks to get their luggage out.
After a while, David goes to Alan and asks, "Hey Alan, where's Christine and the girls? I don't see them here yet!"
Mike then comes to David and asks, "David, where's Christine and the girls?"
"I don't know Dad. That's what I just asked Alan."
"I don't know where they are," Alan worriedly says. "I just hope they show up here pretty soon!" Everybody starts to worriedly sur­round Alan, David and Mike as Aunt Jean worriedly asks, "Well what car were they all supposed to be riding in?"
"They were all supposed to be riding in Dana's car," Alan says. Everyone begins to wonder where Christine and the girls are! They look their heads around for Christine and the girls. They do not see them around anywhere! Suddenly Alan says, "Oh I see them! Here they come!" Everyone anxiously turns their head around to look! They all see Dana's car drive swiftly into the parking area! They then see her car go swiftly around the parking area! Most of the peo­ple hurry to follow Dana's car as the others stay to watch the lug­gage.
Dana's car soon parks into a parking space and stops. As every­one hurries and approaches Dana's car, the driver's door opens and Dana firmly steps out of the driver's seat! She is wearing the dark blue corduroy outfit Christine had bought for her. She is wearing the outfit over the dark blue bustier! She is also wearing the thick white shoes Christine had bought for her. She has her hair all pulled back in a long wide pony tail, hanging all around her back and shoulders. She has a long thick chain and a thick lock wrapped around her almost bare waist! She has the thick lock hanging from the front of the chain! She has the second half of the long thick chain hanging from the lock!
While Dana is outside of the car, the other end of her second half of the chain is still inside the car! Christine then slides from the mid­dle of the front seat over to the driver's seat as Missy comes out of the passenger side, and the triplets all come out of the back seat! Dana, Missy and the triplets are all dressed in the identical corduroy outfits that Christine had bought for them all! Missy is dressed in her dark green suit, Landa is dressed in the dark maroon suit, Londa is dressed in the dark purple suit and Linda is dressed in her dark brown suit. They are also wearing the thick, white shoes that Christine had bought for them all.
Christine then gets up from the driver's seat and steps out of the car as Dana helps her. She is dressed in a short black blazer with a red blouse underneath, black stretch pants and black shoes. She has the front of her hair in bangs and the rest of her hair pulled back in a long dreadlock pony tail. She is also wearing a chain and lock around her waist! She has the other end of Dana's second half of the chain attached and hooked into her thick lock and chain!
Everyone approaches Christine and the girls and start to sur­round them. David hugs Christine and asks, "What took you all so long Christine?"
"Oh we got held up in traffic David."
"You did?"
"Yeah."
Everyone then looks at the thick chains and thick locks wrapped around Christine's and Dana's waists. They all become puzzled. They see the second half of the long thick chain from Dana's waist attached to the lock and chain on Christine's waist! Alan becomes upset! He angrily looks at Christine and shouts, "CHRISTINE WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?"
"OH COME ON NOW ALAN, PLEASE DON'T START!"
Dana worriedly stands behind her mother, holding on to her mother's arm as she looks at her Uncle Alan. Alan angrily grabs Christine by the other arm and firmly says in her ear, "We'll talk later." He lets go of Christine's arm and angrily walks away! Christine and Dana look at Alan as he angrily walks away towards the trunk of the car. They start to follow Alan towards the trunk of the car together as everyone else continues to stare at the locks and chains hanging around their waists.
Missy and the triplets walk towards the trunk of the car. They stand behind Christine and Dana as the rest of the crowd starts to fol­low. Dana then unlocks the car trunk and pulls it open. She starts to grab the luggage out, but Thomas comes to the trunk and tells her, "We got it Dana."
Dana, Christine and the girls step back as David, Alan, Harold, Sammy and Thomas start to pull the girls' luggage out of the trunk.  The guys start to pile the luggage a couple of long utility carts that Alan's son Greg and a skycap had brought over to the car. Everybody else starts to surround Christine, Dana, Missy and the triplets, telling them how wonderful they all look in their matching outfits and white shoes. They also tell Christine and Dana that the chains and locks look sort of nice hanging around their waists. Diane D, who is wearing the same dark blue outfit that Dana is wear­ing, smiles and says, "Hey Dana, check this out! I have on the same outfit you all have on! Your mother told me that she bought some outfits for you all! She showed me the outfits and told me where I could get one, so I went out and bought the same thing!" Dana nods her head as she looks at Diane D's outfit. Tony then goes to Dana and gives her a great big hug! Teresa then goes to Dana and gives her a hug. James, Chad, Rick and Terrance go to Missy and the triplets.
As the men continue to pile up all the luggage, Christine turns to Dana and asks, "Dana do you have your car registration on you?"
"No Mom, I left it inside the luggage."
As the men continue to pile up the cart, Christine shouts, "HOLD IT FOR A MINUTE GUYS!" The men stop piling. Christine says, "We have to get Dana's car registration out of her luggage so she can hand the registration over to Uncle Willie!"
Dana looks through the pile of luggage. She finds her luggage and starts to pull it out, but Thomas tells her, "I'll get it Dana." Dana steps back as Thomas grabs her large luggage from out of the pile and places it on the ground. She then gets on her knees and opens up her luggage.
As Dana is looking through her luggage, Christine comes behind her and tells her, "When you find your wallet, just hand it to me. I'll take the registration out." Dana soon finds her wallet and hands it behind to Christine. Christine looks at the wallet and says, "This is not the wallet you had before."
"I know. Aunt Patricia bought me that wallet because she said my other wallet was tore up. She decided I needed a better wallet."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah," Dana says as she closes her luggage back up. Thomas helps Dana as she starts to stand back up. He grabs Dana's luggage and lifts it back up on the cart. Christine hands Dana's registration over to Willie. Dana then hands her car keys over to her Uncle Willie.
Christine then shouts, "OKAY, IS EVERYONE READY? LET'S GO!" Everyone starts to walk towards the airport terminal. Dana walks side by side with her mother as the second half of her long thick chain dangles between her and her mother. Tony walks on the other side of Dana, holding tightly on to her hand.  Soon, they all arrive inside the airport terminal and walkthrough. When they reach the waiting area, Christine unhooks the lock from off her chain along with the second half of Dana's long chain. She wraps the lock and the second half of Dana's long chain around Dana's waist, causing Dana to have a double chain and two thick locks wrapped around her waist. Afterwards, Dana goes to sit down as everyone else follows behind her. Half of the people sit down on the chairs and surround Dana while Christine and some of the others stand in front of Dana to take care of the luggage.
Christine has some of the guys stack up the luggage on to sev­eral utility carts! Harold holds a hot cup of coffee in his hand as he and Alan bring another cart to Christine. Sammy puts 1-year old Tory on Dana's lap. He then goes to help the rest of the men with the luggage. Christine turns to Robert and asks, "Robert why aren't you putting your luggage on the cart?"
"I want to carry them myself Mom."
"You're not supposed to carry any of your luggage Robert. They're all suppose to go on the carts." Christine then turns to the entire crowd and shouts, "LISTEN UP EVERYBODY! I WANT ALL YOUR LUGGAGE AND ALL YOUR BELONGINGS RIGHT HERE ON THESE CARTS, ALRIGHT? IF YOUR LUGGAGE ARE NOT ON THESE CARTS, THEN PUT YOUR LUGGAGE ON TOP OF THESE CARTS NOW!"  Everybody begins to bring all their luggage to David, Harold, Alan, Sammy, Thomas, Nick and Greg as they all start to pile up the luggage neatly. Dana calmly sits there looking on as she holds 1-year old Tory on her lap. Tory drinks his bottle and plays with the double chain and two locks hanging from off Dana's waist. Tony smiles and sits right beside Dana with his arm wrapped tightly around her shoulders as she holds her baby nephew. His parents Susan and Larry sit on the opposite side of him. Diane D sits on the opposite side of Dana. Teresa sits on the opposite side of Diane D.
As the men pile up the luggage, Harold sits his cup of coffee right on top of the luggage. The men continue to pile up the luggage, almost knocking Harold's cup of coffee down! Harold shouts, "HEY HOLD IT YOU GUYS! TAKE IT EASY! YOU ALL ALMOST KNOCKED DOWN MY CUP OF COFFEE!"
"Well what is it doing up there Uncle Harold?" Sammy asks.
Harold grabs the cup of coffee and shouts, "FOR YOUR INFORMATION SAMMY, I WAS RESTING MY COFFEE UP HERE UNTIL WE WERE READY TO PUSH THESE CARTS OUT!"
"OH HAROLD," Christine shouts! "YOU'RE NOT GONNA START COMPLAINING AGAIN ARE YOU?"
"YOU DARN RIGHT I'M GONNA START COMPLAINING AGAIN CHRISTINE! THEY ALMOST KNOCKED DOWN MY COFFEE! IT ALMOST FELL!"
"OH HAROLD PLEASE!" Christine's Aunt Nina shouts!
"OH HAROLD PLEASE NOTHING! I DON'T LIKE ANYBODY MESSING AROUND WITH MY COFFEE!"
"OH HAROLD!" Christine's relatives shout!
"I DON'T LIKE ANYBODY MESSING AROUND WITH MY COFFEE!"
Christine smiles and pats Harold on the back as he starts to walk away, drinking his coffee. Christine then turns to Landa and asks, "Landa where's your bag?"
"I got it Mom."
"Put it right on top of here," Christine says as she pats her hand on top of the other luggage.
"But Mom I want to carry it!"
"Nobody is going to carry any bags. Just put your bag on top of here."
"But Mom	"
"Put your bag on top of here please!"
Landa frustratingly puts her bag on top of the pile! She frustratingly looks at her mother as her mother turns to Missy and says, "You too Missy! Put your bag on top of this pile!" Missy puts her bag on top of the pile of luggage. Missy and Landa look at Christine as Christine quickly shouts to the men, "OKAY TAKE IT AWAY GUYS!" Missy, Robert and the triplets sadly look at the carts full of all their luggage as Alan, Harold, Sammy, Thomas and the skycaps quickly take the carts away, out of the area. Missy, Robert and the triplets sadly watch all of their luggage and bags being taken away out of the area. They then look at Christine.
David then approaches Christine and says, "Me and Alan are going to check everybody in. We'll be right back."
"Okay David," Christine says. David then walks away.
Thirty minutes later, David comes behind Christine and gently rubs her on both shoulders, telling her, "All the check-ins and lug­gage are taken care of."
"Okay good."
A teary eyed Londa tells Linda, "You know this is really upset­ting me. I'm gonna go to the bathroom." Londa frustratingly gets up from out of her seat and starts to head towards the bathroom.
David looks at her and shouts, "WHERE ARE YOU GOING LONDA?"
Londa turns around and shouts, "I'M GOING TO THE RESTROOM!"
"NO DON'T GO TO THE RESTROOM LONDA, JUST WAIT RIGHT HERE!"
"I HAVE TO GO! I'LL BE BACK IN A FEW MINUTES DAD!"
"NO NOT IN A FEW MINUTES LONDA!  BE BACK IN ONE MINUTE," Christine shouts. "YOU GOT ONE MINUTE LONDA!" Londa turns back around and starts to walk away towards the bathroom again. As Christine and David watch Londa go into the bathroom, Christine tells David, "I think I better go in there with her."
"She'll be right out."
"I know David. I just want to be on the safe side. I don't want her to be locked inside the bathroom again like when she was a child. I don't want the wrong person like a maintenance man to find Londa again and then the next thing you know, history is gonna repeat itself."
"Yeah, I think you better go in the bathroom with her."
"I'll be right back." Christine starts to walk away towards the bathroom as David looks towards Dana.
As Christine is about to approach the bathroom, Londa comes back out. She looks at her mother and says, "I was coming right out Mom."
"I know Londa. When you had went inside the bathroom, I start­ed to think about the maintenance man." Londa sadly looks at her mother as her mother says, "I just didn't want history to repeat itself, you know what I mean?"
Londa looks towards Dana and quickly whispers, "I know what you mean Mom, but let's not talk about it anymore." Londa hides her face in front of Christine and whispers to her, "Don't turn around Mom, but Dana is looking right over here." Christine stunned looks at Londa as Londa whispers, "She's proba­bly getting suspicious, wondering what we're talking about!"
"Oh yeah? She's looking over here right now?"
"Yes Mom, she's looking dead at us. Let's just go back to the others and pretend that we were talking about something else."
"Okay Londa, but as we're walking back to the others, try to avoid looking at Dana to keep her from getting anymore suspicious, alright?"
"Alright Mom."
Christine and Londa start to walk back towards the others, avoiding looking at Dana. David tells Christine, "I'm going to get some coffee Christine. Do you want some?"
"No, that's okay David. You go ahead."
"I'll be right back."
"Okay David."
Londa goes to sit back down next to Rick and some of Christine's family members.
As Missy, Landa and Linda stand around together, talking with James, Chad and Terrance, James suddenly says to the girls, "You know I think it is so unfair!"
"What's so unfair?" Missy asks.
"Your sister Dana," James says as he looks towards Dana and Tony. "I mean she's the one who's causing your whole entire family to move back to Jamaica for good, and yet she's allowed to bring her man! Her man is going! Yet your grandfather said that you're not allowed to bring any of us to any of his houses!" 
"That's right," Chad angrily says.
They all start to look towards Dana and Tony as Tony sits with his arm still wrapped around Dana's shoulders. Missy turns back to the guys and says, "Well my mother invited him to come along. He's only going to stay with us for a few weeks."
"Well that's what we wanted to do Missy," James says. "Stay with you guys for a few weeks! And what about your brother Sammy? He's bringing his girlfriend! His girlfriend Darlene is going along! Why is she allowed to go along with you guys?"
"Well she and Sammy both have children together. Can't leave the children out. If the children come along, they have to have their mother with them. That's why my grandfather is letting Darlene come along."
"You mean in order for any of us to be able to come along with you guys, we have to have children together?"
"Yeah. I'm not saying just go out and have a child together, but if that was already the case, then my grandfather would allow you guys to come along. Oh I know how you guys feel, but what can I say? My grandfather already made up his mind that no one else stays at any of his houses! He says this is strictly a family matter. Only family can come along. I'm sorry guys."
"We know Missy," Terrance says. "We still think it's unfair that Dana gets to bring her man when she's the one who caused this entire scene! You or the triplets didn't do anything wrong! Yet you girls have to be apart from us while Dana who caused this entire incident gets to bring her man! We think it's unfair that her man gets to go along period and we can't!"
"And not only does Dana's man gets to go along with your fam­ily to Jamaica," James says, "he's offered to live with your family over there! If Dana's man decides to move to Jamaica and live with your family, he'll share a bedroom with Dana right inside your fam­ily's house! But yet you girls aren't allowed to bring any of us at all! It's just not fair!" Missy, Landa and Linda sadly start to put their arms around James, Chad and Terrance. They all start to hug each other.
After a short embrace, Chad then says, "Now you girls promise to keep in touch with us, alright?"
"Oh we will," Missy says. Her eyes become full of tears. 
"What's wrong Missy?" James asks.
"I was just thinking about the children back at the school. I don't want to leave them! I'm really going to miss those children James! I didn't even get a chance to tell them goodbye!" Missy cries as she leans on James' shoulder! James sadly and tearfully holds on to Missy.
Soon, a flight announcement for Jamaica is heard through the loud speaker. Christine turns to everyone and shouts, “Everyone to get ready!” Everyone who is sitting down starts to get up from their seats! Sammy takes Tory and picks him up off of Dana's lap. Tony stands and helps Dana get up from her seat. Dana, Diane D and Teresa all stand around facing each other as Tony stands directly behind Dana, having both of his hands wrapped tightly around her upper arms.
Before everyone going aboard the flight start to part from every­one else who's not going, they all start to hug each other. They all give each other a goodbye hug and kiss. Everyone is all sad. They do not want to part from each other. Willie hugs on to David, Christine and his parents Mike and Gracy. Thomas hugs on to Mandy. Mandy then hugs on to Darlene. Missy and the triplets hug onto James, Chad, Rick and Terrance. Tony hugs his brother and sis­ters and his parents Susan and Larry. Susan then hugs tightly on to Dana as Dana hugs her back. She then looks at Dana and says, "Now you be good Dana!"
"I will," Dana says.
Susan tearfully hugs back onto Dana again. Soon, all of Tony's family members hug on to Dana. Tony then hugs on to Joseph and Teresa. Michael hugs on to Joseph and Teresa. Diane D then hugs on to Joseph and Teresa. Dana hugs on to her Uncle Willie. She then hugs on to her many cousins. As Dana hugs on to her cousins, she looks at her Uncle Willie and asks, "So Uncle Willie, when are you going to ship my car over?"
"Oh I'm not sure yet Dana," Uncle Willie smiles and says. "I'll try to ship your car over as soon as possible, okay?"
"Okay," Dana says as she continues to hug on to her many cousins.
After Dana finishes embracing her cousins, they all start to sur­round her as they look down and admire the thick double chain and two thick locks hanging around her waist. Diane D stands right besides Dana as their many cousins surround them. Darlene stands just a couple of feet behind Dana and Diane D, looking on.
Several feet away, Mandy approaches Christine and starts to complain to Christine about Thomas moving away from her, leaving her! Christine frustratingly holds her hands up and says, "I'm sorry Mandy, but Thomas is going!"
"But why?" Mandy frustratingly says as she folds her arms. "Why do all of your children have to move back to Jamaica?"
"Mandy, I explained it to you before and I'm not going to explain it to you again!"
"Oh I see! So Thomas and I are supposed to just throw our rela­tionship away like it's nothing, huh?"
"Listen Mandy, once I have my family settled in Jamaica, I promise you, Thomas and I will give you a call!  You can come down to Jamaica to visit and stay with us for a while, alright?" Christine turns around and walks away from Mandy. Mandy is left standing there frustrated.
Mandy then goes right to Darlene and starts to complain to Darlene as Darlene stands a couple of feet behind Dana and Diane D. Mandy frustratingly tells Darlene, "Thomas is still determined to move back to Jamaica! He's not going to change his mind! I just spoke to Christine and she still won't budge! She still says Thomas has to move back to Jamaica! And now Thomas and I are forced to break off our relationship because of this one," Mandy says as she angrily points her finger towards Dana.
"Because of who?" Darlene asks.
"This one! This one right here," Mandy says as her finger angri­ly pokes Dana's long black pony tail!
Darlene's eyes frighteningly open real wide as she quickly pulls Mandy's finger back! She shockingly looks at Mandy and whispers, "Mandy what the hell are you doing?"
"Oh don't worry! She didn't feel it!"
"Well thank God she DIDN'T feel it! If she would have felt that Mandy, the next thing you know is that she'll turn around and crush your neck! Your face will turn blue and this whole entire crowd will not be able to save you from her tight grip! Just like a whole entire crowd wasn't able to save that woman Rose from her tight grip! So you better be careful with her Mandy! I mean she is NOBODY to play with!" Mandy frighteningly looks at Darlene!  She and Darlene then look at Dana. They continue to stand a couple of feet behind Dana, looking on as Dana continues to stand there, being surrounded by her many cousins.
After Dana finishes being surrounded by her cousins, she turns around and gives Joseph a hug as Diane D follows behind her. Joseph hugs Dana back as Mandy and Darlene stand aside, looking on at the thick double chain and thick locks hanging around Dana's waist.
After Dana lets go of Joseph, Diane D gives Joseph a hug. Dana then gives Teresa a hug. Teresa's eyes fill with tears as she hugs Dana back. Diane D comes and stands beside Dana and Teresa as everyone else going aboard the flight start to head towards the departure gate. Christine and David try to get everyone together as they all go through the departure gate.
After Teresa finishes embracing Dana, she turns her head towards the side and looks away from Dana and Diane D. Dana and Diane D stand in front of Teresa as Diane D asks, "What's wrong Teresa?"
Teresa turns to Dana and tearfully cries, "Dana, please don't go!" She holds onto Dana's arms and cries, "I don't want you to leave Dana! Please don't go!"
Dana sadly holds back on to Teresa's arms and says, "I have to go Teresa."
"Why? I thought you didn't want to move back to Jamaica?" 
"I don't want to move back to Jamaica Teresa." 
"Then why are you moving?"
"Because Teresa I love my mother and I don't want to hurt her anymore." Teresa looks at Diane D stunned as Diane D looks back at her. Dana then says, "I don't want to hurt my family anymore. I already put them through enough."  Teresa looks at Diane D again. She then looks back at Dana as Dana says, "And I don't want to hurt Tony any­more either. I don't want him to keep suffering from nervous break­downs because of me. And I don't want my grandparents to keep hir­ing lawyers for me. I don't want to put them through that anymore."
"Oh Dana, your grandparents hired lawyers for you because they love and care about you. And Tony had nervous breakdowns because he loves and cares about you too."
"And I love and care about them, that's why I don't want to put any of them through that anymore. Teresa, when I was staying at my Uncle Kevin's house with my mother, I noticed her crying almost every night. Sometimes she would cry silently in front of me, other times I could hear her crying very heavy in the next room. It made me cry. Then I became angry at myself for hurting her so much. I don't want to hurt or upset my mother anymore Teresa. I don't want to hurt or upset my family any­more. And I don't want to hurt or upset Tony anymore either."
"What are you saying Dana? Are you saying that you're willing to move back to Jamaica?"
"Yeah."
"For good?"
"For my mother, yeah."
Teresa looks at Diane D stunned as Diane D looks back at her. Teresa then looks back at Dana and asks, "And you're willing to go back into a hospital?" 
"Yeah."
"So Dana, what you're saying is that you're willing to go and get help for your violent temper again?"
"Yes Teresa, I'm willing to get help for it again."
"Oh that's great Dana! Well Dana if you're willing to move back to Jamaica and you're willing to go into a hospital to get help for your problem, then why does your mother have that chain and those locks wrapped around your waist?"
"She doesn't trust me."
"She doesn't?"
"No. She thinks I'm gonna try to run off, but I'm not. I'm sorry Teresa, but I have to move back to Jamaica. My mother wants me to move back."
Teresa sadly looks away from Dana. Dana sadly looks at Teresa. She tries to comfort Teresa by taking a piece of napkin out of her pocket and wiping Teresa's tears off with it. Diane D tries to comfort Teresa also by saying, "Teresa you can always come down to Jamaica and visit Dana in the future."
Teresa turns back to Diane D and Dana and cries, "Yeah but it won't be the same! What about all the times the three of us and the guys shared together? Huh? What about that? Are we all supposed to just forget about that?" Dana and Diane D sadly look at Teresa. Teresa turns her head away again as her eyes become filled with tears again. Dana starts to wipe away Teresa's tears again.
Christine approaches Dana, Diane D and Teresa as everyone else going aboard the flight passes through the departure gate. She tells Dana and Diane D, "Let me talk to her."
Diane D then gives Teresa a hug. She gently touches Teresa's arm and tells her, "Teresa I'll be back in a few weeks, alright? Me, Michael and Tony. We'll all be back in a few weeks."
Diane D and Dana move to the side. Christine tells them both, "Y'all get inside the gate."
Dana and Diane D start to head towards the departure gate as Tony and Michael follow behind them. They all tell Teresa and Joseph, "Goodbye." Teresa sadly looks at them all as they all start to walk away.  Dana, Diane D, Tony and Michael then pass through the depar­ture gate as everyone else waits on the other side of the gate for Christine.
Christine begins to talk to Teresa as she says, "Teresa? Please understand why I'm doing this. I'm taking Dana back to Jamaica with me because I have to keep my eye on her. Teresa, you, I and everybody else know that Dana has a problem with having a violent temper, right? Everybody knows that. Teresa, I can't allow for Dana to keep doing what she has been doing. I can't allow her to go on like this! Teresa, I gave birth to Dana. I brought her into this world. If I go back to Jamaica and just leave Dana going around doing what she's doing, I feel sort of responsible for it."
"You do?"
"Yes I do."
"Oh Christine, you shouldn't feel responsible. I know you and your family didn't raise Dana to be that way. Dana was probably just born that way. She probably would have still been the way she is, no matter who she was raised by. Christine, even if Dana was adopted and raised by another family at birth, she probably would have still been the same way."
"Yes Teresa, but even if Dana was adopted and raised by anoth­er family at birth, I'm still the one who brought her into this world from the beginning. People have looked at me Teresa. They've looked at me and asked me what kind of medication was I on while I was pregnant with Dana or what kind of drugs was I on to make Dana the way she is. People and the doctors had wanted to know my medical history."
"They did?"
"Yes they did!"
"Oh Christine, please don't ever think that you or your family did anything wrong because none of you did. Everybody knows that Dana came from a very loving family. Everybody knows that."
"I know Teresa. I'm just so afraid that Dana's violent temper is gonna keep causing her to destroy other families' lives, causing her to spend the rest of her life in prison or in and out of mental institu­tions and I don't want that. And I know you don't want that for Dana either."
"No, of course not.  Christine?" 
"Yes Teresa?"
"Is it true that you and your husband are going to have Dana committed?"
"Yes Teresa it's true. It's something that me, my husband, the doctors and the court systems have done before. We've had Dana committed into hospitals and mental institutions before and now we're going to have her committed again."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yes."
"Christine, the other day, Diane told me that your brother Alan had told her, that when you and your family members had took Dana from the court building to her Uncle Kevin's house that day, you and your family members had Dana in an upstairs bedroom that night. I heard you and your family members had Dana in the bed with both of her hands handcuffed to both sides of the bedpost. Is it true Christine? Is it true that you and your family members had Dana's hands handcuffed to both sides of the bedpost?"
"Yes Teresa, it's true."
Teresa shockingly puts her hand over her mouth as she says, "Christine, you and your family members were holding Dana against her will! That's false imprisonment!"
"Teresa you seem to have forgotten something. Dana is a violent person. She is a dangerous person. She is also a deadly person. She is a criminal Teresa! I have to make sure she stays out of trouble and not harm anymore people! Teresa, I don't want any more people dying from the hands of Dana, my child. God only knows how many lives she's taken! Yeah a few people tell me that I was wrong for holding Dana down against her will and that I was wrong for false imprisoning her. It's easy for other people to say that Teresa! It's not their child going around committing murders. It's not their child going around taking other people's lives. It's my child doing that. It's something that I have to live with. Me and my entire fam­ily! Every time a mysterious death happens or occurs, I have to keep wondering to myself, was my child involved in it, was my child involved in it. You think it's easy to live like that? Do you? No it's not. Teresa if you or those other people were in my shoes, I'm sure you all will see it differently. Teresa holding Dana down was some­thing we had to do. We didn't want to do that to her. Believe me, we didn't! Oh Teresa, it hurt us all so much that we had to do that to her! My brother Alan was the only one against it. But I'm sure the fami­lies of Dana's victims would agree with what we did."
"Well how did Dana take it when you all handcuffed her hands to the bedposts?"
"Oh she putted up a real violent struggle at first when we were trying to hold her down! We had a very rough time with Dana for a while! She is just too strong! As my family and I were trying to hold her down, she tried to pull and break away from us!" Christine gets eerie flashbacks of her family members holding Dana down on both sides of the bed and Dana fiercely lifting her back up off the bed! "When we finally got the handcuffs on her hands and the bedposts, she tried to pull and break the handcuffs from off the bedposts. She almost succeeded! After a few hours, she calmed down. My family and I stayed in the bedroom with Dana. After a while, my family left the bedroom while I stayed in the bedroom with Dana. She was lay­ing on one bed while I was laying on the other bed across the room. The room was very dark and very quiet. All the lights in the house were out. Then I looked across the room at Dana. The bed she was laying in was right beneath the window. When I looked at Dana, I could see the moonlight shining brightly against her face. I could see her eyes wide open, staring straight up at the ceiling." Christine gets eerie flashbacks of Dana's eyes and face laying in the moonlight, staring straight up at the ceiling. "She just stared straight up at the ceiling, not showing any emotions at all! I started crying silently to myself thinking, 'My baby, my baby! Oh Lord why my baby?' I cried silently all night long. Then I just cried myself to sleep. But the next several nights, I had Dana's hand and my hand handcuffed together while we slept on the same bed, because if Dana had tried to sneak away and commit any more violence or anymore murders, then she's gonna have to take me and drag me with her! And I'm sure she doesn't want to do that Teresa. She would not want me there. I'm sure she would rather be totally alone. Even during the day, I still had Dana's hand and my hand handcuffed together."
"You did? Did you also have your hand and Dana's hand hand­cuffed together whenever you putted Dana in the shower or the bath­ tub?"
"Yeah. How did you know?"
"Diane mentioned that to me also. Oh Christine, I know you meant well! I know you love Dana with all your heart and soul! I'm just sorry that it had to come to that! I guess none of us realize how much you're suffering from this."
"I'm suffering very much from this Teresa! Dana is my child! She's gonna always be my child! I can't just shut that fact out!"
"I understand Christine. I just hope Dana gets all the help she needs from the hospital."
"We all do Teresa. But even if Dana does get all the help she needs from the hospital and she does get better in the future, we got to remember, the people that she killed are never going to come back. They will never get a second chance. We must always remem­ber that Teresa. They will never get a second chance." Teresa sadly looks at Christine. Christine continues, "But hopefully this hospital will do something about Dana's violent temper and stop her violent temper from taking other people's lives." Teresa tearfully looks at Christine. Christine continues, "Teresa you can always come down to Jamaica to visit Dana. You were always there for Dana whenever she got into any kind of trouble. You and Joseph were. I want you and Joseph to know that you two are always welcome to come down to Jamaica and visit Dana anytime and stay with us, alright?
"Alright."
"Now, wouldn't you rather come down to Jamaica to visit Dana? Or would you rather keep going to the state prison to visit her? Which one? Teresa I want you and Joseph to come down to Jamaica and visit Dana real soon, alright?"
"Alright. We will."
"You promise?"
"Sure. I promise."
"Good."
"But I hear that your father-in-law don't want any friends stay­ing at any of his houses."
"Oh Teresa he's just saying that for now, he doesn't mean for­ever! He just wants us all to get settled in and get that out of the way. Once we all get settled, then friends can come over. Now Dana is gonna be in the hospital for around the next six months. If you decide to come within the six months that she's in the hospital, you can come with us to the hospital to visit her, alright?"
"Alright. But will she be alright in the hospital?"
"Yes Teresa, Dana's gonna be alright. I will be there with Dana while she's in the hospital. And when I'm not there with her, David, my other children, my parents, my other family members or my rel­atives will be there with her. Either way, Dana is always gonna have her family there with her. We're not gonna just put Dana into some hospital and leave her there and forget about her! No way! We're all gonna be there back and forth to visit and stay with Dana while she's in the hospital and see how things go along while she's in there. If Dana needs more time in the hospital, then the doctors and the courts are gonna extend her hospital stay for another six months."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah."
"That's nice Christine. But when it's time for Dana to come out of the hospital, what will happen to her?"
"Well she's gonna have to be on medication while she's in the hospital and when she comes out of the hospital. She's gonna have to have supervision while she's out of the hospital. The hospital will put her into my custody, David's custody and my family's custody while she's out. Dana is gonna have to be with one of us at all times. She has to have an adult family member with her at all times. She can never be alone in public."
"Never?"
"Never. Not while she's going back and forth into the hospital. While I'm working at my businesses, I will have Dana there with me sometimes. When Dana's not there with me, she'll either be with David, Sammy, Thomas, my parents, my brothers and sister or my relatives."
"She will?"
"Yes."
"Oh Christine, I just hope and pray that Dana gets all the help and treatment she needs from the hospital."
"Yeah, we all do Teresa. Let's just hope for the best. Listen Teresa, our flight is about to depart very soon. Remember what I said. Come visit us real soon, alright?"
"Alright Christine."
Christine and Teresa tearfully give each other a big hug. Christine then says, "Take care Teresa." 
"Alright Christine. I will."
Christine and Teresa soon finish their embrace. Christine then gives Joseph a hug and tells him, "Like I just told Teresa Joseph,make sure you two visit us real soon, alright?"
"We sure will Christine."
"Okay. Take care now."
"You too Christine."
Christine then walks away. She goes to give Susan a big hug. Christine then gives Larry a hug. After Christine hugs Larry, Susan tells her, "Now Christine, you take care of Dana, alright?"
"I sure will."
"And Christine, I want you to know that if you ever need any­thing, just call me and I'll be right there, okay?"
Christine's eyes become full of tears again. She hugs Susan again and says, "Thanks Susan," as Susan tearfully hugs her and says, "No problem Christine."
After their embrace, Susan tearfully says, "Listen, you all better catch your flight."
"Okay. I'll call you when we all get down there."
"Okay Christine. I'll be waiting for your call."
"Okay Susan. Take care."
"By Christine," Susan and Larry say.
Christine then gives Teresa and Joseph one last hug. She then goes to a teary, upset Mandy, who has her face turned the other way. Christine reaches her arms out to Mandy and says, "Mandy?" Mandy turns her face around towards Christine. She and Christine tearfully hug on to each other. After their embrace, Christine looks at Mandy and asks, "So when do you think you will be able to come down to Jamaica to visit and stay with us Mandy?"
"I don't know Christine. I guess within a couple of months."
"That sounds wonderful."
"How long will I be able to stay with you guys?"
"You can stay with me and my family for a few weeks."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"Thanks Christine."
"You're welcome Mandy. And I'm sorry about you and Thomas having to split up and part from each other." 
"Yeah I'm sorry too."
Christine hugs onto Mandy again. She tells her, "Just come down to Jamaica within two months and stay with us okay?" 
"Okay Christine. I will."
"By Mandy. I'll talk to you later." 
"Okay Christine. By."
Christine turns around and waves goodbye to everyone else as she starts to head back towards the departure gate.
Once Christine passes through the departure gate, she and David anxiously try to get everyone going aboard the flight together. Everyone starts to gather around. Teresa, Joseph, Mandy, Susan, Larry, James, Chad, Rick and Terrance and everybody else on the other side of the departure gate who's not going sadly look on at the large group on the other side of the gate as Christine and David anx­iously try to get them all together. Christine and David do not want to miss anybody. Christine then calls out, "ROBERT! COME STAND OVER HERE," as she pulls and brings Robert in front of her. She then calls out, "NOW WHERE'RE THE TRIPLETS! I WANT TO SEE ALL THREE TRIPLETS!" Christine sees two of the triplets, Landa and Londa. She grabs them both and brings them together right behind Robert. Christine and David look their heads around for the third triplet, Linda. Christine sees Linda standing sev­eral yards away, talking to Terrance through the departure gate. Christine tells David, "There she is David. I'll go get her." Christine starts to walk towards Linda. She sees Linda copying and writing down a note that Terrance is holding up and showing to her through the gate. Christine approaches Linda and interrupts Linda as she writes on a piece of paper. She fusses at Linda and waves her hand goodbye to Terrance as she grabs Linda! She takes Linda away towards Robert, Landa and Londa as she continues to fuss at Linda. Linda fusses back at her mother and says, "Mom, I was trying to exchange phone numbers and addresses with Terrance! I didn't get to finish!"
"You should have done all of that much earlier Linda! You had plenty of time to take care of that," Christine angrily says as she shoves Linda right into Landa and Londa! The triplets and Robert look at Christine. Christine continues to bring her other children together as she shouts, "NOW WHERE'RE MISSY AND DANA?"
Christine and David look their heads around for Missy and Dana. They suddenly see Missy standing several yards away, bury­ing her face inside a tissue, crying her eyes out. David tells Christine, "I'll go get her." David goes to get Missy. He approaches Missy and firmly tells her, "Come on now Missy, we don't have time for that!" He firmly grabs Missy and brings her towards the rest of his children. He brings Missy right behind Robert and the triplets.  "NOW WHERE'S DANA?" Christine calls out! Christine and David look around for Dana. They suddenly see Dana standing sev­eral yards away between Gracy and Mike with her hands on her hips. They see Gracy, Mike, Thomas, Tony, Diane D, Michael, Alan and some of Christine's relatives surrounding Dana, looking down at the double chain and two locks wrapped around her waist.
As the crowd stands around Dana, Alan fusses with Gracy and Mike about the double chain and two locks around Dana's waist. He angrily grabs at the double chain and locks as Gracy and Mike hold on to each side of Dana, trying to calm Alan down! Alan angrily lets go of the double chain and locks! Diane D jokingly says, "I kind of like it Uncle Alan. It makes her look sort of punk rock." Everyone laughs, except for Alan and Dana as Diane D shrugs her shoulders to Alan.
"DANA!" Christine calls out! Dana does not hear her mother. She continues to stand there with her hands on her hips as everybody else continues to surround her, looking down at her double chain and locks. "DANA!" Christine calls out again. Dana turns her head to the side and looks towards her mother as her hands remain on her hips. "COME STAND OVER HERE!" Christine calls out. "YOU TOO THOMAS! COME STAND OVER HERE!" Dana and Thomas walk over towards Christine as the rest of the crowd follow behind them. Christine and David bring Dana and Thomas right in front of Robert, the triplets and Missy. "NOW WHERE'S SAMMY?" Christine calls out.
"I'M OVER HERE MOM," Sammy calls out.
"OKAY! COME STAND OVER HERE SAMMY! YOU HAVE DONNELLE AND TORY?"
"YEAH I GOT THEM MOM!" Sammy and Darlene walk over towards Christine with Donnelle and Tory. Christine separates Sammy away from Darlene, Tory and Donnelle and brings Sammy right beside Dana. Darlene, Tory and Donnelle stand on the side with the rest of the crowd looking on as Christine and David bring all eight of their children close together with Dana in the front right between Sammy and Thomas. Christine and David talk a little to each other. Then they shout to all their children, "OKAY EVERY­BODY STEP BACK!" They start to push and bring all eight of their children back against each other. 
Their eight children frustratingly look at them and shout, "MOM, DAD, WE CAN'T MOVE BACK ANY FURTHER!" Christine and David continue to push and bring all eight of their children back against each other, packing them all up together like sardines as their eight children frustratingly complain at them! Sammy, Dana and Thomas are continually pushed back against Robert, the triplets and Missy as Dana and Sammy shout, "MOM, DAD, WE CAN'T MOVE BACK ANY FURTHER!"
"JUST STEP BACK ALRIGHT!" Christine shouts as she and David continue to push and bring all eight of their children back against each other, causing Sammy, Dana and Thomas to lean against Robert, the triplets and Missy.
After Christine and David finish pushing and bringing all eight of their children back against each other, Missy stands behind all her siblings as she buries her face inside a tissue, secretly crying her eyes out. David, seeing Missy secretly crying, angrily shouts, "COME ON NOW MISSY, CUT IT OUT, ALRIGHT!" Missy quickly stops crying as David shouts, "JUST CUT IT OUT!" David angrily turns around and walks away. Christine then turns around and walks away behind David.
As David and Christine are walking away, Sammy, Dana and Thomas start to lean up off Robert, the triplets and Missy. As they are leaning up, Christine quickly turns around and angrily points her finger at them all shouting, "NOW YOU GUYS JUST STAND THERE, ALRIGHT? DOOON'T MOVE!" Christine continues to point her finger and angrily stare at her children as they all remain still. Then she turns back around and walks away as her children stare at her.
As Christine's children stare at her, Sammy turns to Dana and Thomas and whispers, "You know I think the army should hire Mom to be a drill sergeant."
"Yeah they should," Thomas says. "And you can be her front soldier Dana." Sammy and Thomas start to chuckle as Dana frus­tratingly turns her head and looks at Thomas. Thomas smilingly shrugs his shoulders to Dana. Dana turns her head back forward as Sammy and Thomas look at each other and chuckle again. So far, Christine and David made sure they had all eight of their children around.
Christine and David then get Gracy and Mike near their children. Then they go several feet away and continue to get everyone else together as their eight children continue to remain packed together.  David gets all of his siblings together as Christine gets all of her family members and relatives together.
As Christine is getting her family and relatives together, she sud­denly shouts, "COME ON NOW HAROLD! JUST BARE WITH ME FOR A MOMENT, ALRIGHT?" Christine fusses at Harold as he complains about Patricia almost spilling her coffee on his shirt! Christine frustratingly nods her head at Harold as he continues to fuss and complain. Christine then looks around for her nephews Greg and Nick. "GREG! GREG!" Christine calls out! "COME STAND OVER HERE NEXT TO ALAN! YOU TOO NICK! COME STAND NEXT TO ALAN!" Greg and Nick start to walk towards Alan.
Christine and David soon have everyone going aboard the flight together. They bring all the groups together near their children. They have the entire group together now. They walk around the group, trying to make sure everyone who is going aboard the flight is around. Once Christine and David see that everyone is around, Christine asks, "We have everybody David?"
"Yeah we have everybody Christine!"
"Okay good! OKAY IS EVERYBODY READY?"
"YEAH WE'RE READY!" the crowd shouts!
"OKAY EVERYBODY, LET'S GO!"
Everyone starts to walk in a multiple line. They walk towards the corridor. Christine stands on the side of the line, watching every­body. Then she walks along the side of the line as she and David continue to try and keep everyone together.
As the large group continues to walk, they turn their heads around towards the departure gate and wave goodbye to all the peo­ple left standing behind. The people left standing behind the depar­ture gate sadly wave goodbye back.
As the group continues to walk, all of a sudden, Tory gives a screaming fit near the end of the line. He does not want to go. He lies on the floor kicking and screaming. Everybody stops. They all look back at Tory. They start to walk back towards Tory, but Dana, Tony and a few of Christine's relatives remain way up ahead. As everyone else approaches Tory, they start to surround him. Sammy tries to pick Tory up off the floor. He is having a very hard time doing so, because Tory is screaming and kicking his legs around very wildly! Darlene then tries to pick Tory up off the floor, but also has a hard time with Tory because Tory is still screaming and kick­ing his legs around. Each person tries to pick Tory up off the floor, but Tory is screaming and kicking his legs around so wildly, making it very difficult for everyone as they all try to lift him up. David tries to pick up screaming and kicking Tory, but also has a hard time. Diane D comes to Tory and tries to pick him up off the floor. She also has a tough time. Everyone tries to grab Tory and pick him up off the floor, but they are all having a tough time doing so! Diane D then says, "Hey Tory! You want to play with the chain and locks again? Huh? You want to play with the chain and locks? Hold on!" Diane D then looks around for Dana. She sees Dana standing way up ahead at a distance with Tony and some of Christine's relatives! She puts her hand near her mouth and shouts, "OOOH DAAANAAA! DAAANAAA!" Dana looks towards Diane D as Diane D shouts, "COME OVER HERE! WE NEED YOUR HELP! COME QUICK!"
Dana starts to walk towards Diane D and the crowd, but her body is slightly jerked back by the second half of her long chain, which has its other end and other lock hooked right into Tony's belt buck­le. Dana turns her head around towards Tony as both of her hands grab at the long chain. She tries to yank the long chain away from Tony's belt buckle as Tony stands there talking with Christine's rel­atives. Dana then calls out to him, “Tony let go of the chain!”  Tony looks at Dana. He starts to unhook the second half of the long chain and lock from out of his belt buckle. He has a tough time doing so as Dana waits there impatiently. Once Tony gets the chain and lock unhooked from out of his belt buckle, Dana frustratingly yanks the long chain away from Tony, causing the chain and lock to crash right to the floor! Dana frustratingly pulls the long chain and lock up to her waist as she starts to walk away towards Diane D and the rest of the crowd. She frustratingly wraps the second half of the long chain and second lock around her waist, making a double chain around her waist again as Tony and Christine's relatives follow behind her, secretly smiling at each other.
Dana soon approaches the crowd and stands in the back besides Diane D. She sees Tory laying on the floor kicking and screaming, try­ing to keep everybody from grabbing him and picking him up! Diane D turns to Dana and says, "He doesn't want to go.  I think he's gonna need to play with your chain and locks again to keep his mind occupied."
Dana gently moves Diane D aside and goes right in front of the crowd. She goes right to Tory. She bends her knees and grabs tightly on to a screaming and kicking Tory. Then she straightens her knees and lifts screaming and kicking Tory way up in the air! Everyone is amazed! They look up as Dana holds Tory high up in the air as he continues to kick and scream. Diane D, Christine, Darlene and everyone else in the crowd start to shout, "WATCH OUT DANA! BE CAREFUL DANA! DANA!" as Dana holds Tory high up in the air away from herself, trying to keep him from kicking her face, chest and stomach. Everyone continues to shout Dana's name as she continues to hold Tory high up in the air. Her double chain and two thick locks could be seen wrapped and dangling around her waist and abdominal as she continues to hold Tory high up in the air. A nervous Darlene comes behind Dana and tells her, "Don't let him drop Dana! Be careful!"
As Tory is being held high up in the air, frowning Dana looks up at him and wiggles him. Tory begins to laugh. Dana starts to walk away from the crowd as she continues to wiggle Tory high up in the air. Her thick double chain and two thick locks could still be seen wrapped and dangling around her waist as she walks away from the crowd. The crowd follows behind Dana. Dana stops walking and holds Tory down on her chest as Christine, David and the rest of the crowd start to surround her. Dana looks at Christine and says, "I got him Mom."
"Are you alright Tory?" Christine asks. "Are you okay?"
Darlene then hands Tory his bottle. Tory starts to drink his bot­tle as Dana continues to hold him.
Once Tory has calmed down, Christine calmly takes Tory out of Dana's arms and says, "Let me hold him." Christine holds Tory as he drinks his bottle. The crowd continues to surround Dana. After a while, Christine shouts to the crowd, "OKAY EVERYBODY, ARE WE READY?"
"YEAH!"
"OKAY LET'S GO!"
Everybody starts to walk in a multiple line again. Christine stands on the side of the line watching everybody as she holds Tory. "I'll take him Mom," Sammy says. He goes to take Tory from Christine. He carries Tory as he walks with Darlene and Donnelle on the multiple line.
Everyone continues to walk towards the corridor as Christine continues to stand on the side of the line, watching everybody. David, who is walking at the end of the line, says, "Go ahead towards the front, Christine. I got everybody back here."
"Okay David," Christine says. Christine starts to walk along the side of the line. She looks towards the front of the line, then stops. She sees Tony, Dana, Diane D and Michael walking way up ahead away from everybody else as Tony and Diane D hold tightly on to each of Dana's arms and hands and Michael holding tightly on to Diane D's other arm and hand. Christine puts her hand near her mouth and shouts, "HOOOLD IT!" The entire posse stops and looks at Christine except for Tony, Dana, Diane D and Michael, who did not hear Christine. They continue to walk way up ahead still holding tightly on to each other. Christine shouts to the entire crowd, "JUST HOLD IT FOR ONE SECOND," as she angrily walks towards Tony, Dana, Diane D and Michael.
As Tony, Dana, Diane D and Michael are walking up ahead, Michael suddenly turns his head around towards the crowd. He turns his head to the other side and sees Christine angrily coming their way so he quickly stops walking, pulling Diane D back, which causes Diane D to pull Dana and Tony back. Diane D starts to fuss at Michael as she, Dana and Tony all turn their heads around and see Christine approaching them! Christine reaches them all and angrily shouts, "LISTEN YOU GUYS, LET ME JUST BORROW DANA FOR A WHILE, ALRIGHT!" Christine angrily grabs the second lock of Dana's long chain right out of Tony's belt buckle. The crowd walks up and stares at Christine as she attaches and hooks the second lock of Dana's long chain right back into her own chain again! Christine pushes the lock all the way down and locks it! She separates Diane D's and Dana's arms and hands from off each other! Then she separates Tony's and Dana's arms and hands from off each other. She grabs tightly onto Dana. Then she puts her hand near her mouth again and shouts to the entire crowd, "OKAY EVERYBODY, LET'S MOOOVE!" Christine turns back forward and angrily pulls Dana away with her, having one arm wrapped tightly around Dana's waist and the other arm wrapped tightly around Dana's upper arm! Tony, Diane D, Michael and the front of the group start to follow behind Christine and Dana, then the middle of the group, then the back of the group. Soon, the entire group follows behind Christine and Dana. 
As Christine is angrily pulling Dana away with her, she starts to fuss at Dana, saying, "Listen miss, if you think you're gonna walk way up ahead away from everybody else, trying to run away from me and escape, you can just forget it!"
"Mom what are you talking about, I wasn't trying to…."
"JUST SHUT YOUR MOUTH, ALRIGHT," Christine angrily shouts as she points her finger right in Dana's face! Dana looks at her mother as her mother angrily whispers, "THERE WELL BE NO MORE KILLINGS FROM YOU, YOU HEAR ME?“  She then shouts, “NO MORE!" Christine angrily points her thumb forward and shouts, "LET'S GO," as she angrily pulls Dana away with her.  Dana continues to look at her mother, then looks straight ahead as her mother contin­ues to pull her away.
Christine continues to hold tightly onto Dana as she leads Dana around a corner. The front of the group follows Christine and Dana around the corner. Christine then leads the front of the group down another corridor as she continues to hold tightly onto Dana with the second half of the long chain dangling between her and Dana. The middle of the group then follows and turn around the corner. As the last part of the group is about to turn the corner, Missy, Robert and the triplets turn their heads around and sadly look back at their many relatives and their many friends left standing behind at the departure gate. David turns his head around and happily waves goodbye to all the relatives and friends left standing behind at the gate. All the peo­ple left standing behind at the departure gate are full of tears. They sadly wave goodbye to David, Missy, Robert and the triplets. Missy, Robert and the triplets have eyes full of tears as they sadly stand there, staring at the people left standing behind at the gate. The peo­ple left standing behind at the gate wave goodbye again. Missy, Robert and the triplets sadly wave goodbye back to their relatives and their many friends that they have to leave behind at the gate. They start to walk again. James, Rick, Chad and Terrance sadly watch Missy, Robert and the triplets disappear around the corner with their father David and the rest of their entire family. Soon the entire group disappears around the corner, out of sight.
As the entire group disappears around the corner, Teresa starts to lean and cry uncontrollably on Joseph's shoulders! Joseph tearfully holds back on to her! Teresa cries so uncontrollably, that she is about to fall out! Joseph, Uncle Willie, Susan and Larry catch Teresa! They all try to hold her up as the rest of the crowd surrounds them! They start to carry Teresa to a chair! Teresa is so upset that she cannot hold herself up! Joseph, Willie, Susan and Larry desperately try to hold Teresa up! They all try to comfort Teresa as she cries out for Dana! The rest of the crowd at the airport starts to look on at Teresa won­dering what happened to her or what is going on. Teresa continues to cry uncontrollably. She is so upset about Dana leaving and mov­ing away for good. She does not want Dana to go.  She will miss Dana terribly.
Back through the corridors, Christine continues to hold a tight grip on Dana, still fussing at Dana as she and Dana walk and lead the entire group through the corridor. She and Dana are totally unaware of what's going on back at the departure gate with Teresa! They do not know that Teresa is desperately crying out for Dana! They are totally unaware of Teresa crying uncontrollably for Dana as they continue to walk together down the corridor with the second half of the long chain still hooked and dangling between them.
As the entire group continues to walk behind Christine and Dana, Sammy looks at Tony and asks, "Hey Tony, you need some­one to hold? Here you go!" Sammy then hands Tory right over to Tony. Tony takes Tory as Diane D, Michael and the rest of the group start to laugh. Tony smiles and calls Sammy a 'wise guy' as he walks and carries Tory away. The front and middle of the group continue to laugh and smile as they continue to follow behind Christine and Dana.
Back at the departure gate, Teresa is still crying uncontrollably. Everyone else at the departure gate is sad. James, Chad, Rick and Terrance have eyes full of tears. They sadly start to think about Missy and the triplets. They think about the good times they all shared with Missy and the triplets. Then they each start to think about the time when they were all at the function, when Missy and the triplets suddenly dashed right out of the function without saying a word to anybody about why they all had to leave so sudden. Then the guys start to think of the times when they had all avoided and shunned away from Missy and the triplets. They start to feel guilt. They all become very sad and emotional thinking about it.
Back through the corridors, Christine and Dana turn around a second corner as Christine continues to hold a tight grip on Dana, still fussing at Dana! The second half of Dana's long chain contin­ues to dangle between her and her mother as they continue to walk with each other. The front of the group then turns around the second corner, following behind Christine and Dana. Tony then walks up on the opposite side of Dana and grabs tightly on to Dana's hand as he continues to carry Tory on his other arm. The middle of the group then turns around the second corner and follows Christine and Dana.  As the end of the group turn the second corner, Missy, Robert and the triplets sadly walk at the end of the line, holding their heads down. Missy puts her face inside her hands and starts to cry her eyes out again. Landa and Londa walk on each side of Missy as they look at her, holding on to each of her arms, trying to comfort her. They walk right in front of their father David, who is the last person on line.
As Missy continues to cry her eyes out, David quickly fusses at her again, shoving her. Missy continues to cry her eyes out as Robert and the triplets look back at David. They turn their heads back for­ward with eyes full of tears as they follow everyone else down the corridor. Now the entire group looks towards Christine and Dana as they all walk through the corridor.
Soon, the entire group reaches near the airplane entrance where two crew members are standing. Tony lets go of Dana's hand as the group starts to form a single line behind one another with Christine and Dana at the head of the line. Christine, still holding tightly on to Dana, turns around and faces the group, telling everyone to wait a couple of minutes until she comes back. Christine turns back around and takes Dana into the plane. Everyone stares as Christine takes Dana inside the plane.
As the large group waits outside the plane, a smiling Darlene takes Tory out of Tony's arms and holds him. She and everyone else in the group continue to wait.
After around five minutes, Christine comes back outside the plane alone, without Dana or the double chain and locks. She stops right in front of the group as she turns her head around and looks back towards the inside of the plane. She turns her head back around towards the group, then walks towards the side. Tony, Diane D, Michael, Darlene and Sammy start to head inside the plane, but Christine quickly holds her hand up at them and angrily shouts, "WAIT A MINUTE YOU GUYS, JUST HOLD IT, ALRIGHT!" Christine angrily stares at them as they all remain still! Christine continues to go to the side near the crew members. Then a tired Christine points her thumb forward and signals for everyone to start boarding the plane. Tony, Diane D and Michael start to board the plane. As they are about to head into the plane, Christine calls out, "TONY!" Tony, Diane D and Michael stop and look at Christine as Christine tells them, "NOW YOU GUYS SIT IN THE SEATS ACROSS FROM DANA! DAVID AND I HAVE THE TWO SEATS NEXT TO HER!" Tony, Diane D and Michael turn back forward and head into the plane. Darlene and Tory then board the plane. Sammy and Donnelle then follow and board the plane. Christine stands on the side, watching the front of the line as they board the plane one by one. Each person on the line smiles at Christine as they pass by her and board the plane. Christine then looks towards the middle of the line as everyone follows and heads towards the inside of the plane. Christine then looks towards the end of the line, watching to make sure everybody is on the line. Christine looks back at the mid­dle of the line again. She then looks back towards the end of the line again. As Alan passes by Christine, he hands her a quick little note. Christine takes a quick look at the note. She puts the note away and stares at Alan as he boards the plane. Christine continues to stare towards Alan as everyone else continues to smile at her as they pass by her and board the plane. Missy, Robert and the triplets walk at the end of the line, sadly looking at Christine as they wait to board the plane. Christine then looks towards the end of the line again as she waits for David, who is the last person on line. Everyone else con­tinues to board the plane one by one. Robert soon reaches the plane and boards it, followed by Linda, then by Landa, then by Londa and then by Missy. As David reaches the plane entrance, he and Christine look their heads around to make sure that they haven't missed anybody within their group. They do not see anybody with­in their group outside the plane. David then lets Christine go inside the plane ahead of him. He follows in right behind her. The two crew members then follow in behind David. Soon, everyone is aboard the plane. The plane door closes. After several minutes, the plane starts to move. It starts to move slowly down the runway.
Back at the departure gate, Teresa continues to cry uncontrol­lably! Joseph, Willie, Susan and Larry start to take Teresa towards a window where they can all watch the planes take off. Everyone else starts to follow behind them. Teresa, Joseph, Mandy and everyone else look out the window towards the airplanes. They see several air­planes about to take off! They all look out the window and watch as they see one of the airplanes move down the runway! They then see it speed and race down the runway! They see the airplane lift up and take off into the skies! They continue to watch the airplane as it goes further and further into the skies! They then see it disappear into the distance! Teresa starts to cry uncontrollably, seeing the airplane dis­appear! She then sees another airplane on the ground! She and everyone else start to watch that airplane. They see the airplane move down the runway. They then see it speed and race down the runway. They watch the airplane as it lifts up and take off into the skies. They all watch that airplane as it goes further and further into the skies. They then see the airplane disappear into the distance. Teresa starts to cry uncontrollably again. She starts to fall out again. Joseph, Willie, Susan and Larry start to carry Teresa. They walk and carry Teresa through the airport terminal. Everyone else starts to fol­low them.
After a while, they all reach the terminal exit and take Teresa back towards the parking lot. They all soon reach the parking lot and take Teresa to Dana's car, which is still in the parking lot. Teresa stops and stands there. She sadly looks at Dana's dark blue car. She starts to cry uncontrollably on Joseph's shoulders again. Uncle Willie and Tony's parents try to comfort Teresa again.
After a short while, Willie, who has Dana's car keys starts to unlock Dana's car doors. He opens the back door for Teresa and Joseph to get inside. Susan and Larry give Teresa and Joseph a big hug. They sadly tell Teresa and Joseph to take care of themselves. Teresa and Joseph sadly get into the back seat of Dana's car and close the door. Willie then gives Susan and Larry a hug. Susan and Larry tell Willie, "You take care of yourself Willie."
"Okay, I will," Willie says as he goes into the driver's seat of Dana's car. He closes the door behind himself and starts up the car engine. He backs up out of the parking space, then drives off as Teresa and Joseph sadly sit in the back seat. As Willie is driving, Teresa hears music in her head. She hears the song, 'It's So Hard To Say Goodbye,' by Boyz II Men. Teresa becomes very sad hearing the song. She starts to think about Dana. She starts to cry uncontrol­lably on Joseph's shoulder again. Both her and Joseph's eyes are full of tears. They both feel very sad about being inside of Dana's car, knowing that she will no longer be around for it anymore. Joseph then asks Willie, "So what is your family planning on doing with Dana's car?"
"Oh we're not sure yet," Willie says. "Dana wants me to ship the car over to her, but I'm not sure yet what I'm gonna do! I'm gonna try to ship the car to her. If I can't, then I'll probably just buy the car from her."
"You're gonna buy the car from her?"
"Yeah, if I can't ship it over to her! We'll see what happens."  Willie continues to drive Dana's car as Teresa and Joseph sadly sit in the back seat. They both miss Dana, Tony, Diane D and Michael ter­ribly, but they will miss Dana most of all, knowing that she is mov­ing back down to Jamaica for good and will not be around anymore.








































Chapter 30

Missy's Farewell Party

That same morning, it is a little pass 9:00 AM. Raymond walks through the school hallway and goes towards the school office door. When he opens the office door, a crowd inside the office jumps up and shouts, "SURPRISE!" Raymond becomes shocked! He is stunned! He sees almost the entire school inside the office! He sees party decorations and banners hung up all over the office walls! He sees lots of food set out everywhere! He looks at everyone stunned! The people look at him stunned and ask, "Where's Missy? We're all giving her a surprise going away party! Where is she?"
"Yeah Raymond?" School principal Jesse Harris asks. "We all thought she would be walking in here with you! Where's Missy Raymond?"
"Missy's gone."
"WHAT!" everyone shouts.
"What do you mean she's gone?" Neil asks stunned. "Gone where?"
"Back to Jamaica," Raymond says.
"BACK TO JAMAICA?" everyone shouts.
"What do you mean she's gone back to Jamaica?" Maurice asks. "Don't tell us Missy and her family left for Jamaica already, did they?"
"I'm afraid they did. Their flight was supposed to leave for Jamaica this morning."
"What!" Russell says. "We thought this was supposed to be Missy's last day here! You mean to tell us that Missy's gone already?"
"I'm afraid she is. Her entire family was supposed to leave out of New York by 8:45 this morning. Their flight left already."
Everyone remains shocked and stunned. They all become sad. They sadly look at each other. They start to look around the school office at all the food and the wall decorations. They sadly look at the wall banners which have drawings of palm trees and big words that read, "FAREWELL MISSY! HOPE YOU HAVE A WONDERFUL LIFE IN JAMAICA! YOU WILL SURELY BE MISSED!" Their eyes become full of tears. One of the children sadly says, "We did­n't even get a chance to say goodbye to her." Everyone sadly looks at the children. Some of the children start to cry and lean on some of the adults' shoulders. Some of the adults start to cry and lean back on the children's shoulders. They will all miss Missy. Raymond looks around the office. He also looks at the wall banners which have drawings of palm trees and big words that read, "FAREWELL MISSY! HOPE YOU HAVE A WONDERFUL LIFE IN JAMAICA! YOU WILL SURELY BE MISSED!" He quietly walks back out the office and closes the door behind himself. He sadly starts to walk through the school hallway with eyes full of tears.
That same evening, a very sad and depressed Teresa calls up Gracy and Mike's home. The phone rings inside Gracy and Mike's house. Uncle Willie picks up the telephone and says, "Hello?"
"Hello, Willie?" Teresa nervously asks.
"Yeah?"
"Hi, this is Teresa, Dana and Diane's friend. I'm the one you drove back home from the airport this morning with my boyfriend Joseph."
"Oh hi Teresa! How are you doing? How are you and Joseph feeling?"
"Oh we're feeling alright. I'm still depressed though, but I'm alright. I just wanted to know if you had heard from Dana, Christine or any of them yet?"
"Yeah I heard from them!"
"You have?"
"Yeah! I heard from my parents too! They had called me around 4:00 this afternoon and told me that they had all made a safe land­ing down in Jamaica!"
"They did?"
"Yeah!"
"That's good!"
"Then I spoke to Christine and David for a while!"
"You did?"
"Yes! They told me that they're both planning on shopping around for a bigger house in Jamaica next week to move themselves and ALL of their children in!"
"What! Christine and David are planning on shopping around for a bigger house?"
"Yeah! They said they want ALL of their children to live in the same house with them! That's why they're going to shop for a big­ger house!"
"What! You mean to tell me they want all EIGHT of their grown children to live in the same house with them?" 
"Yep, even the grandchildren!" 
"Really?" 
"Yeah!"
Teresa becomes sad. She starts to feel left out again as she sadly says, "Oh that's good. Well have you heard from Dana?" 
"Yeah I heard from Dana!" 
"Oh you did? Well how's she doing?"
"Oh she's doing alright Teresa! Dana had come right on the phone while I was in the middle of talking to her mother and father!"
"She came on the phone?" 
"Yeah!"
"Well what did she say?"
"She wanted to ask me when was I going to ship her car over," Willie laughs.
"Oh she still wants her car?" Teresa sadly laughs. "She still wants you to ship her car over to her?"
"Yeah! I told Dana that I would try to ship the car over to her! Then I told her that if I can't ship the car over to her, then I'll just buy the car from her."
"You told her that?"
"Yeah!"
"What did she say to that?"
"Oh she wasn't too happy with that Teresa. I told Dana that she's gonna be in the hospital for a while anyway! I told her she can't use her car while she's in the hospital!"
"What! You told her that too?"
"Yeah! I'll see what I can do about her car. I'm not sure yet, but I'll see what I can do."
"Alright then. Did Dana mention me at all when you spoke to her?"
"Not that I can remember Teresa. She might call you later though. Give her a chance. She'll call you."
"Alright. I just wanted to know if you had heard from any of them, that's all."
"Yeah I have. They all seem to be doing fine."
"That's good. What about Diane? How's she doing?"
"Oh Diane's doing fine also! They're all doing fine!"
"That's good. Let me ask you something Willie."
"What is it Teresa?"
"Dana doesn't have that double chain and those two locks still wrapped around her waist, does she?" 
"Oh yeah, she still does!" 
"She still does?"
"Yeah! Christine said she's gonna keep that double chain and those two locks wrapped around Dana! Christine said she's not gonna take that chain nor those two locks off of Dana until next month!"
"WHAT! UNTIL NEXT MONTH?"
"Yeah! Christine said she's gonna keep that double chain and those two locks wrapped around Dana until they all put Dana into the hospital, which is next month!"
"What! You mean to tell me that Christine is gonna force Dana to walk around, sleep, shower and go to the bathroom in that chain and those two locks?"
"I'm afraid so Teresa."
"Oh no!"
"Oh yes!"
"Well how will Tony handle it if he's gonna be there with Dana for three weeks? I don't mean to be personal or anything like that, but how will he be intimate with Dana at night with that double chain and those two locks wrapped around her waist?"
"Everybody asked Tony about that already," Willie laughs.
"They did?"
"Yeah!"
"What did he tell them?"
"He told everybody that he's just gonna have to work around the chains and locks!"
"What! He told everybody that he's gonna work around the chains and locks?"
"That's what I heard! I heard they all laughed and told Tony to make sure he and Dana don't make too much rattling noises with the chains and locks at night, disturbing everybody in the house! I heard they all told Tony that if they hear any chains rattling during the mid­dle of the night, then everybody in the house is gonna know what's going on! Then I heard they all laughed about it again."
"Wow! I guess Tony and Dana better find a hotel or motel to stay in at night, huh?"
"Oh no, Christine is not gonna let Dana out anywhere! Christine and David said they're not gonna let Dana out anywhere unless Dana is with one of them or another family member! When Christine said she's gonna keep a tight leash on Dana, she meant it!"
"Wow. I guess Dana better start behaving herself, huh?"
"Yeah, that's what we all told her!"
"You all told her that?"
"Yeah, we had to tell her that! We told Dana before that if any­one hurts or harms her or any of her loved ones in any kind of way, she should just rough the person up some, but not kill them!"
"Y'all told her that too?"
"Yeah Teresa! We all told Dana before that she doesn't have to go as far as killing anybody who harms her or her loved ones, but that's just how far she takes it! But hopefully she'll get some help from the hospital. It's a good religious hospital for people with prob­lems like Dana's. They're supposed to give her counseling, therapy and medication. Hopefully the hospital will give Dana the help she needs."
"Yeah, I sure hope so too. Listen Willie, I have to get ready to go. If you hear from Dana, tell her that I called and tell her to call me soon."
"Of course Teresa. I will."
"Thanks a lot Willie."
"No problem Teresa. You take care of yourself, you hear?"
"Alright Willie. I will. By now."
"By Teresa." Willie hangs up the telephone.
















































Chapter 31

Teresa Returns To Work


A week has passed. Teresa has not been to work for a week. She feels so lost without Dana around anymore. She is very, very sad about Dana's departure.
Another week starts. It is Monday morning. Teresa gets on the bus and subway. She starts to head back to her job at the stockroom. When she arrives there, everyone is amazed to see her! Around sev­enteen employees run to her and excitingly say, "Hi Teresa! Hey Teresa, what happened to you? We haven't seen you here in a week.  What happened?"
"Oh I wasn't feeling well."
"You weren't feeling well?" Anne asks.
Teresa shakes her head no.
"Teresa, you weren't feeling sick because Dana moved away, were you?" Victor asks.
"Yes Victor, I was feeling very sick because of that. I miss Dana. I miss her terribly. I know you all didn't like how mean and unfriendly she was, but I miss her." Teresa starts to walk away towards the back office. Everyone starts to follow her.
Teresa soon approaches the back office and opens the door. She walks into the room and sadly stares around at it. Everyone follows Teresa into the room. Everyone stares around at the room as Morris asks, "Teresa? Is it true that Dana was handcuffed, chained and locked to her own mom?"
"Yes it's true Morris."
"What! Well whose idea was that, the courts?" 
"No. The courts had nothing to do with it. It was Dana's mother's idea."
"It was her mother's idea?" April asks. 
"Yes."
"Why? Why would Dana's own mother put a handcuff, chain and lock on her?"
"BECAUSE HER MOTHER KNOWS HOW DANGEROUS HER DAUGHTER IS, THAT'S WHY!" Morris angrily shouts. "LOOK APRIL, I THINK DANA'S MOTHER DID THE RIGHT THING BY HANDCUFFING, CHAINING AND LOCKING THAT DANGEROUS WOMAN TO HER! I THINK DANA'S MOTHER DID US ALL A FAVOR BY TAKING THAT DANGER­OUS WOMAN OUT OF HERE! I WOULD PERSONALLY LIKE TO THANK DANA'S MOTHER FOR DOING THAT!  NOW WE CAN ALL FEEL SAFER!"
"Teresa, is it true that Dana's own parents and grandparents down in Jamaica are gonna have her committed into a mental hospi­tal?" Darryl asks.
"Yes it's true."
"Why?" April asks. "Why would Dana's parents and grandpar­ents have their own daughter and granddaughter committed into a mental hospital?"
"Because they love their daughter and granddaughter, April," Teresa sadly says. "They don't want their daughter and granddaugh­ter to keep going around doing what she's been doing, having assault charges, having murder charges, having manslaughter charges and having suspicious murder charges! I mean would you want your child or grandchild to constantly have charges like that? No parent or grandparent would. What would you do if it was your child or grandchild going around constantly having murder charges, manslaughter charges or suspicious murder charges all the time? I guess Dana's parents and grandparents down in Jamaica decided that it was time to put a stop to it, that's all."
"Teresa, is it true that Dana's mother also had both of Dana's hands handcuffed to both sides of the bedposts?" Darryl asks.
"Yes it's true Darryl. How did you know about that?"
"Well Anne told us that she spoke to you on the phone while you were out. She said that you told her about everything. Then she told us."
"Well it's true. I mean I didn't actually see it with my own eyes, but I heard that it happened. I asked Dana's mother Christine about it while I was at the airport with them. She confirmed to me that it was true."
Stanley suddenly comes into the back office. He looks at every­body and frustratingly shouts, "OKAY EVERYBODY, LET'S GET BACK TO WORK, ALRIGHT! WE DON'T HAVE TIME TO BE STANDING AROUND IN THIS BACK OFFICE GOOFING OFF! LET'S GO!" Stanley walks back out the room as everyone stares at the door stunned.
"My God, what's eating him?" Anne asks.
"Stanley is just upset because he misses Dana too," Morris says. "He did have a slight crush on Dana. I could tell. I noticed how he was always looking at Dana whenever he and Dana were in the same room. Especially the way he looked at her body!"
"Yeah I noticed the way Stanley used to look at Dana too," Jay says. "I think that's why he wanted to hire her back. So he can con­tinue to look at her."
"Yeah I think everybody noticed the way Stanley used to look at Dana," Victor says. "I think he did have some kind of secret crush on her. I think by him having to walk into this room made him think of Dana. He didn't want her to leave!"
"Well it's a good thing Stanley didn't succeed in hiring Dana back," Morris says.
"Yeah, for our sake, right?" Mary asks.
"Not only for our sake, but for HIS sake! Because if he had suc­ceeded in hiring Dana back again, he better not ever fire her! Because if he ever had to fire Dana in the future, he's gonna wind up just like Wallace! DEAD!"
"But it was a taxi-cab that hit and ran over Wallace," April says. "Dana probably had nothing to do with it!"
"Oh April, like a person can't use or steal a taxi-cab!"
"But Dana has her own car!"
"Oh April wake up," Victor says. "Not too many people are gonna use their own vehicle in a crime incident! Especially if the crime involves murder or vehicular manslaughter! Not too many people will use their own vehicle unless they remove their license plates from off their vehicle!"
"Yeah, that's true April," Jay says.
April stands there, not knowing what to say.
All the employees start to walk towards the door. They walk out the door one by one. Teresa stays in the back office and continues to stare sadly around the room. As Morris is about to go out the door, he looks back at Teresa and asks, "Are you coming Teresa?"
"Yeah I'll be there."
"Oh don't worry about Dana being gone Teresa. I know it's gonna take some time for you to get over it, but look on the bright side. I mean if a person has to be handcuffed, chained and locked to their own mom, and have both of their hands handcuffed to a bed­post, and it was all their own mother's idea, you know something's not right." Morris then walks out the back office and closes the door behind himself.
Teresa stands there alone, sadly staring at the door saying, "Well, at least Dana still HAS her mother." She turns to look into the mir­ror and sadly stares at her reflection, saying, "I don't have my moth­er anymore," as she starts to cry and weep on the desk. Teresa lifts her head back up and angrily cries out, "OH DANA, IF I COULD ONLY TRADE PLACES WITH YOU! YOU HAVE YOUR MOTHER, YOU HAVE YOUR FATHER, YOU HAVE YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS, YOU HAVE YOUR TWO SETS OF GRANDPARENTS, YOU HAVE ALL YOUR AUNTS, YOU HAVE ALL YOUR UNCLES, YOU HAVE YOUR MANY COUSINS! YOU HAVE YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY BY YOUR SIDE! EVEN TONY STAYS BY YOUR SIDE! OH DANA I WISH YOU COULD JUST REALIZE HOW LUCKY YOU ARE!" Teresa sadly continues to weep back on the desk.


Dana Brown is no longer around. She will spend the rest of her life with her family and her relatives in Jamaica, West Indies. Her parents, her grandparents, her lawyers, the doctors and the courts in Jamaica will continue to have her committed back and forth into hospitals and mental institutions, taking counseling, therapy and medication. Dana is gone for good. She will remain the rest of her days in Jamaica, never to return!


THE END
