
Death Chill



Also by Stuart Parker

Death of the Extremophile
Directive RIP
Weeds in the Jungle
Hurt World One and the Zombie Rats
Penycher Pit 
Heartwreck Highway
President Kills President



Death Chill

Stuart Parker




Copyright © 2021 by Stuart Parker








Chapter 1

The roads scratched into Australia’s timeless landscape had a propensity for the extreme. Among them was Highway 1, the world’s longest highway, snaking around the entire country. There was the Stuart Highway, dissecting the red-sand deserts at the country’s heart as it traversed a 2,800 kilometre passage north to south. There was the Great Ocean Road, hugging precipitous cliffs as it bore witness to the wild fury of Bass Strait and the windswept cemeteries its storms had seeded. And nestled at the southern tip of the Great Dividing Range was thirty kilometres of mountainous road known as the Black Spur.   
With writhing bends and undulations, the Black Spur followed a sliver of the Aboriginal trails that had been cultivated over thousands of years and that crisscrossed the country in ancient wanderings. In more recent times, the Black Spur had become a route of choice for weekend tourists venturing out of Melbourne in search of clear mountain air and scenic views. It had been featured in many a car commercial in which ideal moments of driving hedonism were seductively encapsulated – a road that could somehow combine luxury and fast living with a reconnection to nature. 
But at 2am on this particular bleak Tuesday night in midwinter, the Black Spur was desolate and dormant, as though it had subsided back into deep history. The air was cold and damp, and the swathes of forest strangling the mountainside betrayed no indications of civilisation.
A roar of engine broke the silence. A car was tearing recklessly along the Black Spur, its powerful headlights slicing deep incisions into the darkness ahead. It was a black BMW high-performance sports car and clutching its steering wheel was a young woman named Georgie Mikakos. Georgie was aggressively pushing the car to the very edges of the road on both sides and, despite the plunging descents and towering trees, she was barely registering the danger. Her head was fizzing more from emotional shock than the car’s precarious grip on the road. Her engagement had just come to a sudden, bitter end and with it the realisation that the happiness of the past five years had been irreversibly corrupted. She was struggling to work out how it could have taken so long to realise her fiancé was a duplicitous piece of shit. Truth and lies must have been so intimately entwined, like two spiders weaving the one web.
Georgie was on a hands-free call to one of her friends and her voice was fraying as she laid her thoughts bare. ‘I swear,’ she exclaimed, ‘if something sharp had been nearby, I would have carved his head into a fucking hand-puppet.’ Tears began streaking down her cheeks as she heard what she was saying and realised the depth of the anger in her heart. She just couldn’t believe it had come to this. She was a recent graduate in fashion design at a prestigious college in Melbourne and had already won an industry award for her blending of colours in garments and accessories. How could she of all people have descended into such darkness as this?
The world had felt so very different earlier that day. Cruising along on a sunny afternoon with music playing and a bottle of wine open, Georgie had been content to marvel at the forest of immense mountain ash trees and ancient ferns and feel certain their beauty would inspire designs in her future work. But that was so very long ago. Now, in the grip of the freezing night, Georgie could see the grim foreboding at the mountain’s heart and the malevolence in its turns. The souls of the hapless many who had been lost upon this road were calling out to her now – or was it she calling out to them?
‘So what happened?’ questioned her friend hungrily over the car-speaker. ‘How did you find out he was cheating on you?’ 
Mary Malone was not a particularly close friend. Georgie had met her in the first year of an aborted psychology degree. They had conducted a presentation on emotional dependence together and had stayed in contact ever since. Now, thanks to her relocation to Germany, Mary was the one person Georgie could call up in the middle of the night without having to apologise out of hand. Mary had continued on with her psychology degree to become a practising clinical psychologist and was only too happy to involve herself in revelations of human crises, either to inform her clinical practice or to draw on at dinner parties. Her keen interest now gave Georgie the distinct impression she was seeing plenty of potential for both. On any other occasion Georgie might have resented it, but right now she wasn’t particularly fussed about the outlet for the pain she was feeling. 
‘I caught him red-handed in our hotel suite,’ she said. ‘I snuck out of the bathroom wearing a spicy piece of lingerie I had brought along especially for the occasion, and there he was, curled up in bed salivating over another woman’s selfie on his tablet. And what she was wearing made me look like a cloistered temperance league member.’
‘The asshole. Who was the girl? Do you know her?’
Georgie could tell Mary was willing her to say yes. It would have given her so much more territory to delve into. Georgie almost felt sorry to disappoint her. ‘I don’t know her, but he sure as hell does. You should have seen his reaction when he realised I was there. His body almost tore itself apart in ten different directions.’
‘And was he blushing?’
‘I don’t know. I guess so.’
‘If he was, that settles it. Blushing can’t be faked or repressed. It’s the truest indication of shame and guilt there is.’
‘Is that so?’ Georgie had moved on to her fashion degree before that particular titbit had come up in the psych course. ‘That fits then. And he didn’t even try to deny it. He just stared at me with a dumb, vapid look on his face.’
‘Was he at least man enough to tell you who she is?’
‘I don’t care and I didn’t bother to ask. I took his car keys and here I am. He can ride the bus home.’
Mary laughed. ‘You showed him, alright.’
With grim satisfaction, Georgie supposed she had shown him. She had held her composure and given him the slap down he deserved. And, more to the point, she was showing him still. She pressed her foot harder on the accelerator and smirked cruelly. In the scant few months since she had obtained her driver’s licence, she had accrued three parking tickets and inflicted half a dozen dents and scratches into her elder sister’s hand-me-down car, but what she was doing now with the BMW was on a whole different level. She had all but stolen it for one thing, and was only barely resisting the temptation to send it tumbling into oblivion down the mountain. She couldn’t tell for sure if it were a suicidal urge or merely the lengths she was willing to go to smash up her ex’s beloved automobile. All she really knew for certain was that her blood was up and that this felt like therapy. She took a hard right, grazing the speed sign warning drivers to slow down, and she noticed the engagement ring still on her finger. A sense of revulsion overcame her and she immediately tried to pull it off. Unlike the relationship it was supposed to symbolise, however, it was holding tight. It was a pink diamond set in a yellow gold solitaire band and was so beautiful it was easy to see how it could have been mistaken for love. That was what Georgie had been doing for the past eighteen months and in the meantime the ring had fused to her skin. She wrapped her teeth around the gold band and pulled hard. She was of a mind to take her finger off if she had to.
The ring was starting to relent when another hard right appeared in the headlights ahead. But, with only one hand on the steering wheel, Georgie knew instantly she wasn’t going to make it. She slammed on the brakes and yanked the steering wheel hard. The BMW was already starting to spit through the gravel on the shoulder of the road, the abyss looming just metres away, when the power steering kicked in. To Georgie, it was miraculous how precisely the vehicle responded to her panicked touch. For a split second she thought she might even avoid an impact altogether. The tree line, however, came a fraction too soon and the BMW sideswiped a mountain ash tree with a force that bent the rear passenger door inward and sent the car spinning a hundred and eighty degrees into the dense undergrowth of bracken fern where it became lodged.
‘What the fuck was that?’ cried Mary loudly over the car speaker.
Georgie was too shaken to immediately reply. She looked around the car for any signs of smoke. She wouldn’t be too fazed if this moment proved to be her last just as long as it didn’t involve being roasted alive. Sniffing the air for smoke and leaking fuel, she became distracted when she realised the engagement ring was no longer on her finger.
‘I’ve got to go,’ she told Mary, grabbing her phone and cutting the call.
She felt around her seat, finding the ring lying almost tauntingly on her lap. She opened the driver’s side window and flung it out as far into the forest as she could. She filled her lungs with the cold, crisp mountain air and screamed with all her might. She deflated against the steering wheel and willed more tears to come, wanting to feel their warm, comforting tracks down her cheeks. A bright light pressing against her eyelids snapped her out of her self-pity. She looked into the rear-view mirror to see the blaring headlights of a vehicle pulling in behind the BMW. ‘Fuck it,’ she muttered and just waited for the police lights to start flashing on the roof. That’s how this shitty world worked: Michael would have reported his car stolen and presented himself as such a nice guy that the police would be rushing to help. At least, Josie had managed to wrap his car around a tree before having to return it. Anyway, if she got pushed too far, she could tell a few stories of her own. Something along the lines of having to flee for her life in the face of domestic abuse and terrifying threats of violence. It would be her word against his, but the pictures on his phone would be helpful in supporting her version. She had uncovered his affair and he had become threatening. Such things happened all the time. Tear-reddened eyes and a distraught demeanour would help make it convincing. The skills had been honed as a little girl getting her brothers into trouble. She would give Michael the adult version.
As these thoughts ran through her head, she noticed that rather than flashing lights appearing on the vehicle behind her, the headlights switched off and it went eerily dark. This was no police car. Josie craned her neck for a better view out the smashed-in rear window. A tall dark figure stepped out of the car. Even in this light, it was clearly a man. He was powerfully built with his face concealed by a hoodie. He approached the car in a slow, prowling fashion. Georgie grabbed onto the door handle, not sure whether she wanted to get out and run or to hold herself in. She realised that in not caring if she lived or died, she had forgotten that the world was full of sickos only too happy to make the decision theirs.
The shadowy figure moved up to her window and peered in. Georgie couldn’t bring herself to look directly at the man in case she was confronted with the twisted stare of a deranged killer. The man tapped on the window with something metallic. Maybe a key or a ring, or maybe a knife dripping blood. Whatever, there would be little point resisting now. She was a city girl alone on a deserted mountain road five long hours before dawn. She couldn’t do much more than hope this was a better way to meet nice guys than the average dating app where scumbags like her ex were lurking. She took in a deep breath and buzzed down the window.
 The man propped his arms against the doorframe as he looked her over for a long, disconcerting moment. ‘Are you alright?’ he asked in a slow, nasal drawl.
‘I think so,’ Georgie replied.
‘That’s nice. The same can’t be said about the car.’ 
Georgie instinctively resented the judgemental tone. ‘Yeah, I get that impression.’
The man leaned closer, his head almost coming into the car. He had long, black hair tied back in a ponytail, probing eyes and a sharp jawline. He appeared to be in his early twenties and was very sure of himself. He didn’t look as psycho-crazy as Georgie had initially feared. She might even have found him attractive. ‘Thanks for stopping, though,’ she added, her voice softening.
‘Is there someone who can come get you?’
Georgie shrugged indifferently. ‘I doubt it but I’ll be alright.’
‘You’d better not assume that. You’ve crashed in the middle of nowhere. And there isn’t a tow-truck within fifty kilometres of here.’ He chuckled gruffly. ‘Even then, I can tell you the driver will be too drunk to come out before morning.’
‘How do you know that?’
‘Because I’ve been drinking with him.’
‘I see.’ Georgie suddenly felt tired and flat. ‘Good for him.’
‘What’s your name?’
‘Georgie.’
‘I’m Jason. So, what are you going to do, Georgie?’
Georgie pondered the situation. She might have known a casual acquaintance or two she could call to revel in her misery but not a friend real enough to get out of bed in the middle of the night to come get her. And her parents would have been even worse: her mother would have seized on this as another opportunity to lecture her about wasting her life, and her father would simply have screened the call and not picked up. 
‘I’ll be fine here,’ she muttered after a time.
‘I wouldn’t advise that,’ said Jason adamantly. ‘It’s more than the cold you have to worry about out here. I’ll take you into town. There’s a twenty four hour hotel you can check into and in the morning I’ll have my mate bring his tow-truck out to pick you up.’
‘I couldn’t ask you to do that.’
‘You’re not asking, I’m offering. And I’m not leaving you here. You’ve done a great job of parking your car off-road, so we’ll be able to leave it just as it is. Grab your things and let’s go.’
Georgie was still not sure she could trust him, but then she had been completely sure about Michael, so what did she really know about men? She picked up her phone and purse and the toiletries bag in the backseat. Outside the car, she found herself swaying unsteadily on her feet. Jason stepped quickly across to support her. ‘Are you alright?’
‘Yeah, it’s just cold.’ Georgie headed for his car. It was a black Pontiac GTO. Georgie recognised the model from her high school days when she liked guys who liked cars. It gave her hope: guys that had the gumption to drive muscle cars were rarely wimps – and it was usually wimps that beat up women. ‘Nice car,’ she murmured.
‘Thanks. The door is open.’
Once they were settled inside, the engine started powerfully and the car surged out onto the road. Georgie was immediately impressed with Jason’s driving. He was not going any slower than she had driven, even around the corners, and yet he was calm and composed and completely in control. Nonetheless, the seatbelt that pinned his shoulders to the seat was more suited to a race car and the way his eyes locked hard on the road ahead, suggested there was something out there agitating him.
‘What danger were you referring to back there?’ Georgie asked.
Jason’s eyes did not so much as flicker her way. ‘What?’
‘You said it would be too dangerous to stay in my car till morning. But why?’
‘Zombie koalas with a rabid desire for human flesh,’ Jason shot back. 
The endearingly boyish smirk that crept onto his lips stopped Georgie from taking his remark as patronising, even in the wired state she was in. ‘Then I should count my blessings.’
‘Yeah, maybe you should. But the one thing I didn’t say was that it was your car.’
Josie frowned. ‘Excuse me. Do you think I stole it?’
‘No offence, but you don’t look the type that steals one hundred thousand dollar BMW cars. So, I’m not sure what to think.’
‘Well, probably I did steal it. It belonged to my fiancé. I caught him cheating and I had to get home somehow. The mood I’m in, I deserve credit for making it this far.’
‘You’re lucky you didn’t go over the side of the mountain.’ Jason paused. ‘And it proves my point.’
‘What point?’
‘My brother, Jack, was a way better driver than you or me. There’s no chance he would’ve just gone off the road and crashed like they say he did. If you can completely overshoot a bend and not get a scratch, there’s no way he would have – ’ He stopped.
‘Was your brother killed?’ queried Georgie softly.
‘That part is for sure.’  
‘I’m sorry. What do you think happened then?’
‘That’s why I’ve been driving the Black Spur every night since he died, looking for an explanation that makes some kind of sense. This road is crawling with street racers, drug dealers and psychopaths. But my brother would not have been taken out by any of them without putting up a hell of a fight. And yet, as smashed up as he was, there was no sign of foul play. There weren’t even any skid marks. He merely went straight off the road like that was the way he was headed.’
Georgie was finding his tragedy strangely therapeutic, a good way to take her mind off her own problems. ‘Maybe he just fell asleep. Was he driving late at night?’
‘Yeah, he was, and that’s the conclusion the cops are sticking to. Complete bullshit. The forensic experts estimated the speed of the crash was one hundred miles an hour. You don’t drive that fast on the Black Spur and all of a sudden feel like a nap. You know what I’m talking about, don’t you?’
‘I guess I do.’
‘But there were no mechanical faults or easy answers, so they’re just looking to close the file. My brother wasn’t important enough for them to lose any sleep over themselves.’ 
Georgie was impressed by his passion and loyalty for his brother. It was in stark contrast to the ex-fiancé she had been left behind. ‘How long ago was the accident?’ 
‘Two years, one month and six days.’
‘And you’ve really been out driving the Black Spur every night since then?’
‘Pretty much.’
‘You must be able to drive the road with your eyes closed.’
‘Yeah, I know its twists and turns. And I know a lot of people have been killed because of them. I also know there’s a lot more to it than that.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘There’s something lurking on these roads. Some kind of evil.’
Georgie didn’t know what to think. But this man who had been patrolling the mountains in the dead of night was too serious a person to ignore. ‘You mean those people you talked about? The drug dealers?’
Jason shook his head. ‘No, I’m not sure that’s what I mean. Something altogether bigger than them.’ Struggling to articulate his thoughts beyond this, he fell into an uneasy silence. Ahead, a thin scattering of streetlights marked the end of the Black Spur and the emergence of the town of Healesville. It was a small, quiet town and the streetlights had little in the way to illuminate except picket fences, empty footpaths and parked cars. In other words, the streetlights didn’t do much more than reveal how small and asleep the town was. The Healesville Hotel wasn’t any different to this. There was nobody around and its rooms were bathed in darkness; it seemed the people who had paid its four-star prices to sleep were getting their money’s worth. At least, the reception lights were on. Georgie felt a sense of relief. She longed for a hot shower to wash away the cold and fatigue and to crawl into a warm bed. 
Jason pulled into the hotel car park and stopped without any attempt to line up the Pontiac with the white lines. 
‘Here we are,’ he said. ‘Are you sure you don’t have any broken bones or dizziness? I wouldn’t want to be checking you into the wrong place.’
‘I’m fine.’
‘Alright then. The towie will be around first thing in the morning.’
‘What’s his name? Do you have his number?’
‘He’s not very good at answering his phone. And he’s too tight to hire someone to do it for him.’
‘So, how will I know what time he’s going to get here?’
‘His airhorn will tell you when he’s arrived. The whole damned town will know.’
Georgie smiled thinly. She opened the door without immediately getting out. ‘Have you had to rescue many wayward travellers like this?’
‘My tow truck buddy has. It’s not for nothing he opened his garage at the end of the Black Spur. Its bends have paid off his mortgage and are putting his kids through school.’
‘And what do you get out of rescuing people? Do you bring the cute ones back to hotels like this?’
Jason pulled a face. ‘You remind me of my wife. She’s permanently suspicious. Not that I blame her. Disappearing every night like I do isn’t exactly normal.’
‘You’ve never cheated on her then?’
‘I’m not that stupid. She would know in ten seconds if I ever messed up. Every night when I get home, she’s waiting at the door and looks me hard in the eye.’
Georgie got out of the car, keeping the door open. ‘Thanks for helping me out. But, now that I think of it, don’t bother waking me up tomorrow morning. Have your friend deliver the car to Michael Tyler, Room 17 at the Marysville Resort Hotel. Tell Michael the delivery is with my compliments and be sure to charge him for it.’ 
Jason smirked wryly. ‘Sounds good to me.’
Georgie gave him a lingering glance. ‘The man of my dreams turned out to be a lying piece of shit, and the guy prowling the empty roads turns out to be a guardian angel. It has been a strange night.’ She closed the door and headed for the hotel reception.
Jason waited to make sure she made it into the hotel reception in one piece. It was just a bonus that it gave him a chance to check out her form as she walked. A cute butt and no signs of ill-effects in the way she moved. She looked good in her black, suede jacket and tight cream cotton pants. A real woman-about-town. This Michael Tyler in Room 17 must have been out of his mind to let her slip. Just like Jason must have been out of his mind to be driving up and down the Black Spur every night trying to answer a question no one else would have even thought twice about. A car wrapped around a tree halfway down a mountain and he had invested the best part of two years seeing how many conspiracy theories he could come up with.
Jason suddenly felt dejected and spent. It was time to go home. It was just too bad it meant another long drive across the Black Spur. Jason popped open the glovebox and rummaged through its contents. There was a small arsenal with a Kel-Tec pistol smuggled into the country from the US, spare clips, a pair of knuckle dusters and a hunting knife. And in their midst was a small bag of uppers. Jason didn’t call on them often but tonight he felt drowsy enough to at least want them close to hand. He left them on the front passenger seat. The fabric was still warm from where Georgie had been sitting. He drove fast back onto the Black Spur. The GTO never seemed troubled, powering through bends almost with a mind of its own. Its engine was about the only thing in life he felt he could really understand and he was obsessive about maintaining it. It was the beauty of classic cars: they could be worked on with a good, old fashioned toolbox rather than a computer. 
Jason was soon tearing past the wreckage of Georgie’s BMW. It didn’t look any better coming from the other direction. Jason marked its location on his dashboard GPS so that his tow-truck buddy would know where to come scrape it up in the morning. It had a date with the wreckers like the relationship that had put it there. Jason’s thoughts were drifting to his own when suddenly the air temperature plunged and his body began to shiver uncontrollably. A feeling of fear inexplicably gripped him, so pure and acute it took a moment to register. It was a primeval instinct that had lain dormant since his childhood fears of dark, empty rooms and the boogie man. But this was infinitely more acute. His heart was thumping furiously against his ribs and his teeth were chattering so hard they might break. He looked around desperately for the cause and what he saw he could not believe was real. A glowing white mist was rising from the floor. It was unbearably cold and had already enveloped his legs and was continuing to spread upwards and out across the car. The cold was unbearable. Jason turned back to the steering wheel and realised in fascinated horror that his hands had been stripped away to skeletons.
‘Wake up!’ he screamed at himself. ‘This isn’t real!
But it was only getting worse. From the steering wheel a young woman’s face starkly emerged with black, bottomless eyes and an impossibly mournful expression. Adding to his horror, Jason was certain he recognised her: Mary-Anne, the seventeen year old who disappeared from Healesville a few years earlier. He had gone to the same school and used to see her around, always happy and smiling. No one knew what had happened to her. Just one of the thousands of missing person cases around the country. Having just graduated from high school there were those who thought she had simply left the town at the first opportunity. Others thought something more sinister had occurred. But there was no definitive evidence either way. And Mary-Anne had become just another of the thousands of missing person cases around the country.
Jason tried to press harder on the accelerator in a desperate bid to burst away from her and the mist enveloping him. His leg, however, had become numb with the cold and barely moved. With that, everything suddenly made sense. This was what he had been searching for all this time, the fate that had claimed his brother.
‘Now I understand,’ he said calmly. ‘Everyone was wrong. But how could they know?’ 
He realised if his foot couldn’t apply the accelerator, he wasn’t going to have much chance with the brakes either. As he willed his foot to reach the brake pedal, the skin from Marry-Anne’s face dissolved away, hideously exposing a skull of cracked bone and rotting flesh. The terrifying apparition grew larger and larger, expanding across the windscreen until Jason’s view of the road ahead was completely blocked. Jason closed his eyes and turned his head away. ‘It wasn’t your fault, Jack,’ he muttered.


Chapter 2

Josie McMullan was so taken by the actor’s impossibly green eyes that she could barely take in what he was saying. The interview had been a rambling conversation that touched on his childhood, his early days in movies and the bleak state of the film industry in Australia. The new-release movie he was here to promote had barely garnered a mention, and Josie was surprised that he didn’t seem to care. Their lunch had been going on for over an hour already and his agent had made it clear that he needed to be away by two o’clock. But for Josie it was of little account. The film release had only been an excuse for getting an interview with him. The questions she had written in her notebook were completely unrelated and were intended to mark his descent into hell.  
Josie was a twenty-five year old freelance writer still struggling to get a foothold in her chosen profession. Although some of her articles had been published, both in the local Gold Coast newspaper and the larger syndicated publications, she knew she was still a long way from being able to attribute her insecurities to imposter syndrome. She supposed, however, that having a well-known actor agree to an interview with her suggested she was doing something right – and the fact that it was a lunchtime rendezvous at an exclusive restaurant complete with a Michelin Star and breathtaking coastal  views, meant that there was a hint of the glamour that had first attracted her to the job as a young girl. But the reality that she had come to the interview with the intention of taking the actor down was as good a sign as any that she had grown up. 
The unsuspecting actor’s name was Sullivan Crew and, in true movie star tradition, his handsomeness appeared oddly curated. Accompanying those lustrous eyes was a well-structured jaw, a perfectly shaped nose and a wrinkle-free complexion. It was a face that was neat and tidy with everything symmetrical and in proportion. Flawless.
Josie had taken a little time leading up to the interview to learn Crew’s backstory. He had lived his whole life in show-business with a film director for a father and a scriptwriter for a mother. He had started out in acting from a young age, scraping together a living with commercials and small television roles before getting his first big break in his early thirties in a low budget horror movie set in an abandoned goldmine. In the decade since that movie, he had starred in three financially successful slasher flicks and a political drama flop that had been described as even scarier. It suggested he may have lacked the acting range to take on more serious roles but at least had the versatility to play either a deranged predator or a hapless victim. And as the lunch went on, Josie found herself becoming ever more uncertain about which was closer to the real man. As she politely chuckled at another one of Crew’s cheesy, self-deprecating jokes, she found that she was also chuckling at how differently this encounter was playing out to how she had envisioned it. She cast her mind back to the encounter with Crew’s accuser that had set these events in motion. They had also met over lunch and though the café had lacked the Seascape Royale’s ocean view and world class chef, the conversation had been nothing short of jaw dropping. Over a plate of seafood fettuccine, the young woman, named Janice Johnson, had told a very sordid and highly newsworthy tale. It had begun when, as a sixteen year old, she met Crew in a nightclub on a Saturday night. He had only just been starting out in his career but she had known who he was. He had bought her cocktails until she was completely drunk and then driven her back to his apartment and had sex with her. She had tried to stop him and had told him that she was just a schoolgirl. But he had simply laughed it off, telling her that he had not gotten laid during his high school years and so was making up for lost time.
It was the kind of scandal the media jackals would ravenously sink their teeth into. So much so that Josie might even be able to pitch it to the networks. The potential for her to make some real money out of it was promising. A new car would be the first thing on her list of things to buy. She had had the same one since her uni days and its top gear resembled a washing machine on heavy cycle. And she might also be able to pay off her credit card. The brand new suit and shoes she had bought to look the part for today had well and truly maxed it out. 
But getting a pay-check from this situation would have its own kind of price, especially as Josie was far from sure Janice Johnson’s version of events was entirely accurate. When recounting her alleged abuse, Janice had been intense, forgetful and evasive. It was such a stark contrast to Crew’s charismatic charm, which had waiters hovering around their table like private butlers and fellow diners surreptitiously taking snaps from all angles.
What had really thrown Josie was that she had been expecting Crew to be the same as the worst of his characters in his movies: sleazy, arrogant, violent. That was what she had visualised dealing with when preparing her ambush and not someone she could see herself spending Valentine’s Day with. Still, she knew appearances could be misleading. Maybe Janice Johnson was so disturbed because Crew really had done to her the things she said. And maybe Crew appeared so at ease because he had been allowed to get away with it for so long. The conundrum of what to do was making Josie unsettled and she clumsily blurted out , ‘Do you think the true appeal of horror movies is that they make evil so obvious and distinct, when in reality it is often discreet and insidious?’
Crew paused a moment, visibly startled. But his smile quickly returned. ‘That’s quite a question. For me, the point of horror movies is to see how far reality can be bent. And if it breaks in the process, so much the better.’
‘Well, thanks to you my reality is about to snap,’ Josie replied.
Crew laughed. ‘Great. Job well done then.’
Josie looked for any hint of smugness. She was willing it, itching to open her notebook and begin asking its list of questions. But Crew’s demeanour remained placid and warm. Josie contemplated giving him a nudge, a question to prod a guilty conscience: Would being accused of sexually assaulting a minor be a good plot for your next movie? Poke the web and see if a spider crawled out. Josie was imagining herself doing it when Crew abruptly gave his watch a purposeful sidewards glance. 
‘I know I promised to give you until two o’clock,’ he said, ‘but unfortunately it’s going to be a tight squeeze getting to my next interview if I leave it that long. Will you be too put out if I sneak away before dessert? I should be slimming down for my next role anyway.’
Josie could hardly have been given a better opportunity: As a matter of fact, I’ve got dessert right here, she could have said and launched into her ambush. But again she hesitated. Her killer instincts were not impervious to those endearing eyes of his, or that disarming smile. Crew got up from the table, apparently reading her procrastination as someone charmed and starstruck. ‘It has been a fun interview,’ he said, slipping his jacket back on. ‘I look forward to reading your article.’
The words, as amiable as they were, struck Josie like a slap on the face. The man whom she had come here to destroy was leaving unscathed and with a smile on his face. Josie remained fixed in her seat, watching him confidently stride out of the Seascape Restaurant and Bar. And many of the other diners were doing the same. It suggested a strong readership for all things Sullivan Crew. And no doubt a lot more so if it were anything salacious. So, why couldn’t she just report the allegation that had been made and let her readers make up their own mind? Wasn’t that what good journalists did? Except maybe the poor ones.
Josie looked around for a waiter to summon the bill. But, with Crew gone, the table service was no longer so forthcoming. Eventually, Josie managed to flag a waitress, though she came with a how can someone like you know Sullivan Crew expression on her face. Josie settled the bill without leaving much of a tip, deciding in a moment of surliness that if she wasn’t going to get paid for this lunch, nobody should.
She went to her car and it started with even greater reluctance than usual. It was crying out for some quality time with a mechanic. Josie drove fast and hard, needing to get home as quickly as possible so that she could start slowing down again.

*
Josie still lived with her parents. At least the family home was spacious enough that she could almost believe that she didn’t. Situated with picturesque waterfrontage in the exclusive Gold Coast suburb of Bundall, the double-level house had four bedrooms, two living rooms and an outdoor swimming pool. Josie had all but claimed the pool as her own. It was large enough to drift endlessly on her inflatable lounge and the sub-tropical weather was nice enough to accommodate this almost all year round. Josie spent much of her time floating quietly around the pool and on this afternoon she had taken with her a gin and tonic and a copy of the Brisbane Times. She sipped the sweet, cold drink incidentally as she poured over the newspaper. It was her third newspaper of the day and with its breezy format and lighter stories, she considered it dessert. She thought of newspapers as being almost sacred objects and the journalist names on the stories as the real headlines. She read the articles in order of the biggest names down to the interns – who usually didn’t get their names on stories at all. What she mostly saw was the difference between success and failure: Those with influence and contacts in high places who were paid to voice their opinions versus those confined to regurgitating facts they had trolled from other people’s websites. Josie had been a freelance writer for over three years and had been published in magazines and newspapers on topics as diverse as cake shows and serial killers. Editors and publishers were starting to know her name. At least, they were no longer mistakenly thinking she was a would-be model whenever she entered their offices. She was proud of her striking black hair and turquoise eyes, which were most likely attributable to the Greek ancestry on her maternal side. But she didn’t feel beautiful. And her head was always too full of thoughts and words to ever feel at ease. She may have appeared to others easy going and carefree floating around a swimming pool, but on the inside she was perpetually only barely holding it together. Being confined to a desk in a menial office job would likely have pushed her over the edge. She might not yet have been forced to do whatever it took to avoid that, but she needed to hurry up and establish herself before she ran out of time and money.
The sounds of a fast-driving, hard-braking car marked the arrival of her mother’s yellow Jaguar in the driveway. Alice McMullan’s job in top-end home insurance allowed her to work irregular, infrequent hours, so, it was not a surprise she was home relatively early in the afternoon. Josie was startled, however, when she came straight to poolside rather the usual of heading into her home office to check on her stock market side-business. Josie had to admit, in her stylish gold-framed sunglasses and black business suit, her mother knew how to do corporate.
‘How did your interview with Crew go?’ Alice asked bluntly. ‘Did you give him the treatment?’
The curiosity in her voice was unmistakable and Josie had to again wonder how big the readership of a Crew scandal might have been. ‘I found myself doubting the veracity of the allegations against him,’ she replied.
Alice stopped at the edge of the pool and put her hands on her hips. ‘And so you let him off the hook?’
‘Yeah, and I’ve spent the afternoon wondering if I made the right decision.’
‘Of course, you didn’t, sweetheart. It didn’t matter that you only had one woman’s word against his. Once one victim comes out into the open, others will gain the confidence to follow. And there will be witnesses and testimonies.’
‘But will there be facts?’
‘Honey, you’re a reporter not a judge or a jurist. If there are questions of justice that need to be answered, your job is to see that they get asked.’
Josie went back to reading the newspaper. ‘I trust myself more than I do the justice system.’
Alice smirked. ‘That sounds rather dangerous, especially coming from a journalist.’ She loosened off the top buttons of her shirt and let out her dark-ginger hair. ‘So, what are you going to write about if you’re not interested in the pursuit of justice?’
‘Well, now that you mention it, there’s an article in today’s Brisbane Times that has caught my eye. A car crash high up in Victoria’s alpine region.’
Alice frowned. ‘You find that interesting?’
‘Sure I do.’ Josie thumbed through the newspaper until she reached the article. It was only a few lines long and in the centre of the crime page wedged between reports of a home evasion and a flasher in a supermarket car park. She reread it quickly and was heartened that her impression of it had not changed. ‘So, someone by the name of Jason Barr ran off the road in almost the exact same spot as his brother died two years earlier. And their uncle was also killed on the road, during a high speed police chase a few years before that, wanted for questioning over the disappearance of a number of young women in the area.’ She looked up enthusiastically from the newspaper. ‘Sounds like those two brothers were kind of cursed, don’t you think?’
‘Do you really want to get mixed up in that sort of thing?’ exclaimed Alice. ‘Whatever has happened clearly isn’t pleasant, and most likely just a sad example of a dysfunctional family imploding.’
Josie knew her mother didn’t see any future in her being a freelance journalist and would keep sniping away at every opportunity in the hope she would give it away. But that just made her even more determined. ‘Maybe you’re right, but pleasant isn’t what I’m looking for.’
‘Because you’re worried about becoming morally confused? Well, be careful what you wish for. If you’re uncomfortable interviewing a movie star in a 5 star restaurant, how are you going to feel confronting a serial killer on a deserted mountaintop?’
‘Don’t be so melodramatic. All those disappearances were a long time ago and there is no real evidence of foul play. Anyway, this story almost writes itself. All that’s needed is for me to flesh out what’s happened. The greatest danger, as far as I can see, is that another reporter beats me to it.’ Whether or not she was winning her mother over, Josie had well and truly talked herself into it. A chance to be a tourist to the dark side without travelling too far from home was too much to resist.
‘Can you at least get an advance from one of the media outlets?’ queried Alice. ‘Not all your stories work out, honey. You don’t want to sink your own money into it – especially, as you don’t have any.’
‘Sure, I could get an advance. But it wouldn’t be much and it would lock me into a contract. This story has the potential to be so big the outlets will be throwing money at me.’
‘Ha, you’ve inherited your father’s bluster.’
‘I know what I’m doing. I’ll just need a police report on the uncle to get the ball rolling. He sounds like a complete psychopath, so it’s bound to be interesting. And the two brothers don’t seem much better. It’ll make the story about divine retribution. People love that sort of thing.’
‘Well, you clearly do, at least. But Victoria is a long way from here when you can’t even afford the petrol to the airport. And I’m not going to help pay your way when it’s plainly a lot more dangerous than what you’re making out.’
Josie swallowed a lump of anger. ‘The three protagonists are already dead, so I don’t see how there can be much danger at all – except, perhaps, catching a winter flu. Anyway, I’m going to pay my own way for the trip by writing up the Sullivan Crew article in the way he wants it. It’ll be a piece of fluff that pays for a plane ticket and a few nights in a hotel.’
‘You’ll need a car as well. The Black Spur doesn’t sound like a good road to hitchhike on.’
‘We’ve got relatives in Melbourne. I’ll ask them nicely.’
Alice rolled her eyes. ‘So, all of this came to you just now, floating on the pool?’
‘Pretty much. I guess I was just lucky finding that story.’
‘Lucky? It seems to me, honey, you are finding living people kind of complicated and so are turning your attention to the dead instead. I’m not sure it’s terribly healthy.’
‘You sell insurance, mum. Your job is to make people feel unsettled. But I’m not subscribing.’ 
Alice waved her arms exasperatedly. ‘It’s your life.’ She withdrew abruptly into the house through the patio sliding doors, and a few moments later the appliance-packed kitchen was humming to the sounds of a health smoothie being made. It was another part of her mother’s afterwork ritual and Josie was tempted to join her to detox after the bitter tasting lunch. But, unsettled by what her mother had said, she needed more time adrift on the pool to think over the merits of the story she wanted to write. For it to work she really would need to dig deeper into how the Barr brothers and the uncle had met their ends on the Black Spur. And she would need to draw out their dubious characters. She could then leave it to her readers to decide for themselves if their untimely demises had been karma. She became ever more convinced of the story’s potential. Although it was true she didn’t have the money to bankroll the story, a Sullivan Crew fluff-piece would at least bring in a quick few hundred dollars – enough to get her to the Black Spur.
Satisfied, Josie paddled purposefully to the side of the pool and rolled off the inflatable bed. She had two hours to bash out a first draft of the Sullivan Crew article before a dinner date she had set up with a couple of friends at the Hard Rock Café. They were solicitors and Josie had intended to check with them what she could say about Crew without getting sued. Now that she was going to write something accommodating, it was tempting just to cancel. But she knew the value of having free legal advice amongst her contact list and didn’t want to take such friends for granted. And, besides, they seemed to enjoy getting a struggling freelance writer drunk even more than she enjoyed obliging them. A different method of detox than a smoothie.

Chapter 3

The horse Josie was riding was a sedately-tempered grey colt named Buttermilk. It had been content over the past hour of trail riding to follow the lead mare, Bobby Jean, along the scenic ridges of the Beechmont Plateau. It was a warm, sunny afternoon and the lush, verdant forest was pulsating with the sounds of birds and insects. Josie was doused in repellent in case any creatures got too close. Although the ride was a pleasant distraction in the Gold Coast hills, she was solely here for a business meeting with Jenny Contilli, who was sitting bolt upright on Bobby Jean. Contilli was wearing a wide-brimmed hat, grey t-shirt and blue jeans. She didn’t look her fifty-two years of age, and it wasn’t as though she hadn’t lived them. By the time she had reached Josie’s age she had already worked as a foreign correspondent, covering the Gulf War and the Rwandan Genocide. From there she had joined Reutters to cover the South American drug wars and the rise and fall of its various dictators and drug lords.
To be meeting her for an afternoon of horse riding was surreal and not at all what she had planned for the day. She had cold-called her poolside over a morning coffee and had been surprised that she even took the call. And Contilli had not required much convincing to meet her either – just a brief personal introduction and a vague spiel about needing a literary agent had sufficed. Josie wondered how that could have been enough to draw out someone so accomplished as Contilli. Did she really need clients that badly? Or could Contilli have actually been interested in her?
Josie wouldn’t let herself read too much into things. Someone who had worked as a freelance journalist through twenty years of warzones was bound to be a tad unconventional in the way she did things, and taking a rookie reporter horse riding was probably just a small taste of that. Still, the way she stayed out in front gave Josie the distinct impression she was more invested in the horses and the trail. But then Contilli abruptly turned around and queried, ‘Have you been this way before?’ 
Josie took a moment to reconcile the fact that the cool, clinical voice that had once reported on wanton death and destruction in television news reports was now just as earnestly discussing trail riding. ‘No, I don’t believe I have,’ she finally replied. ‘It’s pleasant, though.’
‘There’s a lookout spot just ahead where we can take a break and talk some business.’
‘Ok, that will be good.’
‘Coming to places like this was always a big help for me as an up-and-coming journalist. Being on a mountain looking down on a city puts things in perspective. Wondering busy streets choked with traffic and inpatient pedestrians, it is so easy to feel small and insignificant. However, from a perch like this, the city suddenly seems a lot less imposing, its machinations comprehensible. Although I’m still not entirely sure why you wanted to talk with me today, I’m glad you did. If we spend too long in a junkyard, we forget there’s anything new.’
As she spoke, the forest opened up to a clearing and a break in the tree line that had been concealing the views of the distant Gold Coast cityscape hugging the coastline in a long line of skyscrapers. It was breathtakingly panoramic. The sunny afternoon was vividly drawing out the ocean blue and the white sands of the beach strip. It was no wonder tourists from the southern states flocked like migrating birds to escape their cold winters.
Contilli effortlessly dismounted her horse and tied it to a eucalypt tree. Josie followed suit, though without managing to be as balanced. Buttermilk shuffled sideways uncomfortably, forcing Josie to quickly steady her feet to hold it. She fastened its reins to the tree beside Bobby Jean’s.
‘After we talked this morning,’ said Contilli, retrieving a bottle of water from her saddlebag, ‘I managed to track down one of your articles on the web. Something about developers illegally bulldozing hundred year old trees to make way for some condos.’
Josie remembered the article well. ‘What did you think?’
‘About the article or the condos?’
‘The article.’
‘It was a touch overzealous perhaps but I appreciated the outrage. I could tell that as a journalist you wanted to instigate a brawl, which is precisely what you’re supposed to do in this line of work.’
‘You might be overestimating me. I let an actor off the hook the other day even though there was a firsthand account of him having sexual relations with a minor.’
Contilli considered this a moment. ‘Letting that story go might have been the wise thing to do. You’d have to be sure with that sort of thing. I daresay, if there was compelling evidence, she wouldn’t be approaching a rookie journalist about it. She would be going to a television station or even straight to the police.’ 
‘I suppose so.’
‘To put it another way, if you were going to invest your life savings into a project, would you choose as your partner someone messed up and who you barely knew? It sounds harsh, but that’s exactly what you would be doing whether you liked it or not. Defamation laws are not to be trifled with.’
‘I see,’ said Josie, feeling better about it. ‘So, my instincts were right?’
‘Yeah, you did well not to jump into it. Stories like that are best left to the big media corporations who can afford to fight bullying lawyers and their lawsuits. Have you approached them with it?’
Josie shrugged, not wanting to admit she had gone for the easy money of a straight up and down celebrity article. ‘I’ll have to do some more background checks before I’m ready to pitch it to them.’
Contilli raised her eyebrows. ‘I’m the wrong person to ask about celebrity gossip and libel laws. I spent my days as a freelance journalist in warzones where you didn’t need to go reaching for stories. They would come screaming at you at a hundred miles an hour whether you were ready or not.’
‘No, it’s not that. I have another story in mind and I might be in need of a literary agent.’
‘I’m glad to hear it. I was on the verge of being disappointed. So, what’s the story?’
Josie didn’t want to say much. Contilli could swallow the story whole if she took a fancy to it. So, just enough to whet her appetite. ‘Two brothers and an uncle were involved in separate fatal car crashes on the same stretch of treacherous mountain road. The uncle went first, in a high-speed police chase – a suspect in the disappearance of at least four local women. The crashes that claimed the two brothers occurred in mysterious circumstances over the past couple of years. The most recent was only a couple of weeks ago.’
‘In what way mysterious?’
‘There was no clear reason why they crashed. They simply flew off the road at high speed. No other cars around.’
Contilli was unconvinced. ‘It would be a brave editor who offered an advance on that. Serial killers sell, so maybe you should focus your attention on the uncle.’
‘He’ll be a big part of it,’ said Josie, unphased. ‘There’s a story there. I can feel it. I’ve got my plane ticket and my first interview is arranged.’
Contilli returned the bottle to the saddlebag and idly stroked Bobby Jean’s forehead. ‘I gather what you’re looking for is someone to help you sell it.’
‘Someone with a strong voice who isn’t afraid to take risks.’
‘I’ve upset more than my fair share of people with my loud voice and risk taking. Not everyone answers my calls anymore.’
‘Enough people do. It would mean a lot having someone like you backing me.’
Contilli put her hands on her hips. ‘I do like that you’re trying something different. It’s much more interesting than yet another celebrities-behaving-badly scowl piece. I just hope the mountain road is nowhere near here. I prefer my serial killers at a distance.’
Josie shook her head. ‘The Black Spur in Victoria.’
‘Yeah, that’s far enough away, though we are still connected.’
‘Are we?’
‘The McPherson Range is a spur of the Great Dividing Range, the fifth largest mountain range in the world. Three thousand five hundred kilometres long, and if you go far enough south, you’ll find the Black Spur. This time of year you’ll need to pack something warm ‘cause the winters get real there. The cold can kill the unwary traveller.’
Josie perceived the warning as tacit approval of her trip and smiled. ‘There might be a jacket in my wardrobe.’ 
‘Then don’t forget to take it. People who have grown up in a sunny place like this don’t know anything.’ Contilli took back Bobby Jean’s reigns, hooked a foot in the stirrups and sprung lithely onto the saddle. ‘I hope you’re a quick learner.’
Josie mounted her horse in turn. ‘So, does that mean you’re going to represent me?’ 
‘Let’s just see what you uncover on the Black Spur before we start signing contracts.’
‘Fair enough.’
Contilli held her horse steady and continued to look at her. ‘The golden rule of journalism is only report on what there is, not what you want there to be. Usually it’s the first rule broken. If you promise not to do that, I’ll try my best to help you.’
‘Great, thanks.’
‘But you’ve really got to promise. I have zero time for journalists that make stuff up. Civilisation depends on the truth, so whenever a journalist lies, a piece of humanity dies as well. Not to mention the journalist’s name and the literary agent vouching for her.’
‘I get it,’ said Josie. ‘I won’t make anything up.’
‘Well, just remember that in me you will be dealing with a world class bullshit detector. It’s a skill that has been well honed in wartime. There are politicians and generals who will tell you what they think they can get away with. And there are journalists who claim to be war correspondents without ever leaving their hotel suites. Even if this business on the Black Spur gets as twisted as you seem to hope, I’ll still know which way is up.’
‘Fair enough, but I won’t make anything up. I won’t need to.’
Contilli gave her a fleeting smile. ‘Enough said.’ She started Bobby Jean along the trail at a brisk trot and Buttermilk followed at a comfortable distance. Josie clutched the reigns tighter than she needed to. She had gotten what she wanted from the meeting and her thoughts were turning to the dark alpine winter awaiting her.

Chapter 4

Josie was struck by a blast of cold air as she stepped out of the domestic terminal of Melbourne Airport. The suede jacket she had mentioned to Jenny Contilli was offering scant protection. She put down her bags on the walkway and did up the buttons.
It was a dour grey July afternoon and, even more than the cold, Josie was feeling impatient. It had been over a week since she her trail ride with Contilli. The days had dragged by while she waited for the sugar-hit to her bank account from the Sullivan Crew article. Getting money out of news organisations was never easy and a non-scandalous Crew piece had proved no exception. The moment it came Josie headed to the airport and boarded the first available flight to Melbourne. Now she was here, standing in the passenger pick up zone, and she knew the determination she was feeling was less than sociable. 
 A red KIA hatchback pulled into the curb-side and tooted its horn at her. The curly haired, youthful looking man waving in the driver’s seat had barely changed from the last time Josie had seen him two years earlier. Toby Collins was a second cousin who had moved from the Gold Coast to Melbourne in search of work and had so far only found two days as a stockist in a sports shoe warehouse. His underemployment was good news for Jodie as it meant he had time on his hands, and if they were forced to stay overnight on the Black Spur, she would be able to split a hotel room without having to sleep with one eye open. She tossed her bag into the KIA’s backseat and got in beside him. ‘Thanks for picking me up, cuz.’
‘My pleasure,’ he replied unconvincingly. 
Josie gave him a closer looking over and observed that his suntan had faded from his Gold Coast days to a pallid complexion and that he seemed more serious – perhaps, the two things were connected. She also noticed that his wool-lined jacket with its upturned collars appeared a lot more appropriate for the climate than hers.
‘Tell me something, Josie,’ Toby said. ‘We’re heading to the Black Spur because you think it’s newsworthy that some idiot wasn’t able to keep his car on the road?’ 
Josie had kept to a minimum what she had told her cousin, so was not surprised by a question or two. ‘There might be a little more to it than that. Let’s find out. The role of an investigative journalist is to investigate.’
Toby eased the car out amongst the traffic exiting the airport. ‘My partner has invited us to afternoon tea if you would like.’
Josie stared at him pointedly.
‘Ok, I didn’t think you would want to,’ capitulated Toby. ‘Maybe after you’ve gotten your story.’
‘Sure. After I have my story, let’s drink a cup of tea.’
Toby was shaken by her hard tone. She was certainly on a mission. ‘So, where are we going then?’
‘Give me your phone and I’ll plug in the address.’
Toby fished it out of his jacket pocket and unlocked it with a password. As he handed it over to Josie, an SMS message appeared on the screen: Don’t let Josie push you into anything stupid. Love mum. By the time Toby had read it he realised it was too late to try concealing it. ‘Sorry,’ muttered Toby, contritely. ‘Mothers worry, you know how it is?’
‘All good. God knows what my mother has been telling her. She desperately wants my trip to turn into a disaster.’
‘Why?’
‘She wants me to work in dad’s advertising agency. To keep me under their wing. She still thinks I’m a little kid who needs to be protected from the big, bad world.’
‘How reductive is that? Plug in that address and we’ll go show her what you can do.’
‘Thanks.’ As Josie typed it in, she recalled what the dilapidated weatherboard house had looked like in her web searches and doubted Toby would remain so upbeat once they pulled into its driveway. A house of barred windows and gross neglect, it smacked of poverty, disorder and ugliness – all the things that Toby in his neatly contained world had partitioned himself from. With the address inputted, Josie placed the phone down on the centre console and then turned on the stereo to keep Toby’s mind off exactly what was at the end of the directions now being called out to him – and for her too. As she settled back in her chair to watch the city gradually dissipate to the outer suburbs, she pondered just how much easier it would have been if she had stayed in the Gold Coast and written her attack piece on Sullivan Crew. By now that would have been spilled all over the news and her name would have ben catapulted into the spotlight. She would be someone. Obscurity was the realm for those that did not take their chances. And Josie’s reason for not taking hers was so weak she would not have dared mention it to anyone in the business. Being a nice guy over lunch did not warrant clemency. Battle-hardened journalists would have scoffed at the idea. And they would have accused her of lacking a killer instinct. Josie had a nagging suspicion she would find out soon enough if this were true or not. No matter what, she was going to follow her instincts. And they were telling her that once she reached the mountains, life wasn’t going to be the same again.

*
The house was in the town of Narbethong, and to get there required driving the full length of the Black Spur. With a macabre fascination, Josie was attentive every  one of its bends and turns. She wondered at which spots death had come, not just for the Burr brothers and the uncle, but all the hapless victims who had come to grief over the road’s one hundred plus years of history. And the road was giving nothing away. No skid marks or twisted barriers, nor any memorial bouquets. And Josie knew the dense forest surrounding the road would be even less forthcoming at surrendering its secrets. If Prem Sieber had truly buried bodies within it, it would take nothing short of a miracle to find them. Or a tipoff. And the most likely source of one lived in the decrepit weatherboard house on the outskirts of Narbethong. It was Prem Sieber’s old house and its sole remaining occupant was Sieber’s sister, Lena, the mother of the two dead brothers and Sieber’s only surviving kin. Whether or not the forest was full of death, the family certainly was.
Josie had voraciously devoured as much information on the subject as she could. She had poured over social media pages, news websites and public records – cramming like there was an exam at the end of it. But, instead, there was this house. It came quickly after the Black Spur. And it looked even worse than in its pictures. The front yard was overgrown with weeds and was littered with rusting car parts and other nondescript pieces of machinery, giving it the appearance of a scrapyard. Parts of the house looked like they were about to fall off and join the piles. The roof tiles were loose, the guttering sagging and the walls cracked around the windows like crowfeet upon aging eyes. Toby took a second look at his phone, scarcely believing that this was the destination it had led him to.
‘I don’t know who lives here,’ he muttered, ‘and I’m not sure I care. But I’ll wait right here while you do whatever it is you’ve come here to do.’
‘I need you to come with me,’ replied Josie. ‘It would look suspicious if I left you waiting in the car.’
‘Suspicious how?’
Josie slid her legs out the car. She sensed the more she tried to explain the situation, the more likely he would be to back out. ‘If you come in, dinner will be on me.’
‘Steak and chips?’
‘And a pint of beer. I bet if you’re only working two days a week, you’re not eating a lot of restaurant-grade meat.’
‘You already owe me for bringing you this far.’ 
‘Not if you ruin everything. Sitting here with a big frown on your face is going to make you look like a cop and there’s no way I’ll get passed the front door.’
‘You haven’t even told me whose place this is. How do I know what I’m getting into?’
Josie smirked mischievously. ‘You’ll just have to come and find out, cuz. I promise the whole thing won’t take more than a few minutes. And as an added bonus, you’ll get to see a gifted investigative reporter do her thing. How could you say no to that?’
‘Alright,’ said Toby, reluctantly pushing open his door. ‘But you’ll owe me for this.’
Josie headed for the house. The drive through the Black Spur had left her feeling lightheaded and queasy. Although this was not the first time mountains had given her car-sickness, staring fixedly at the road would not have helped. 
A dog started barking inside the house. Something small and angry. Then another one joined in. Moving across the overgrown front lawn, Josie could feel herself being watched, but the windows were so filthy they did not need curtains to blank out the interior. She focussed on  being unassuming and non-threatening. She stepped up onto the porch, which was lined with chipped pots containing withered plants and a windchime as rusted as the junk filling the front yard. The screen door was off its hinges and propped against the wall. The wooden front door beyond it was a scratched, dull green and looked so meagre and worn, Josie was fairly sure she could have kicked it open as easily as knock on it. She tried the doorbell and found it was either silent or broken; judging by the state of the house it was more likely the former and so she resorted to knocking.
The dogs were even more excited by this and there was a moment of scampering as they were cleared away. And then the door was opened. The woman who appeared was old and haggard and  her ratty fur coat had a torn pocket and a rip in the shoulder. The woman’s hair was a dirty silver grey and her face gaunt and wrinkled. Her eyes sunken and jaded. Josie knew this was the woman she had come to see. Her condition, however, was even more degenerated than she had anticipated.
‘Lena Barr?’
‘Yes’
‘My name is Josie. I was a friend of your son, Jason.’
‘That’s nice. He had a lot friends.’
‘I’m so sorry about what happened.’
The old woman smiled as best she could. ‘I don’t recall seeing you at the funeral.’
‘Unfortunately, I live interstate and couldn’t make it. I’ve popped in to pay my respects.’
‘I see. Would you and your friend like a cup of tea?’
‘Toby is my cousin. Tea would be lovely.’
‘Come inside,  then. Don’t let the dogs out.’
Josie glanced quickly back to make sure Toby was following her into the house. He was keeping close, apprehension etched onto his face. The interior of the house was surprisingly neat and tidy, though the stench of dog piss was stifling. Josie could guess the scenario. Leaving one’s home required purpose, and the death of one’s child could kill that for good. This was a woman who had been runover by fate and left to slowly bleed to death on the roadside. She ushered her two guests into the living room and a frayed floral patterned sofa. She went into the kitchen to prepare the tea.
Josie sat forward on the sofa and Toby pushed back into it and folded his arms. On a wall cabinet there were some framed family photographs that included two young men posing with their cars. Josie would be in trouble if asked to point out which one was Jason Barr. She had come across scant few pictures of him in her background research online. He hadn’t been a big user of social media and, for someone with so many friends, he had barely rated a mention by others either. Maybe they weren’t the type of people that promoted themselves on those platforms. It would make it easy enough for Josie to skate along on an ice-thin cover story. She would get what she could from the mother and get out quick. She just hoped Lena Barr was a woman who preferred to talk about her own memories rather than listen to the recollections of others.
Lena came into the loungeroom with cups of tea and cookies on a tray. ‘I can’t offer you milk,’ she said. ‘I haven’t been to the shops in a couple of weeks.’
‘That’s fine,’ said Josie. She glanced down at the teas, noting how pale they were – probably one tea bag between them. She took one of the cups and put it down on the coffee table beside her. ‘Thank you, Ms Barr.’
‘Call me Lena.’ The frail old woman sat down in the single-seat couch and stared at Josie intently. ‘I never did meet many of Jason’s friends. Especially in his last years, he became very insular. There was his wife, Sally, of course. They moved out just a few weeks before he died. How did you know him?’
‘From school,’ Josie lied. ‘ I’m here with my cousin for a day or so and I wanted to pop in to pay my respects.’
‘That’s nice. I don’t get many visitors these days. As withdrawn as Jason became after his brother died, my life seems much quieter without him around.’
Josie was heartened by this, taking it as an indication that no other reporters had come knocking on her door for an exclusive. ‘And there was Jack and Prem as well,’ she said probably.  ‘It must be so terrible losing both your sons and your brother to the same stretch of road. So tragic.’
‘I wouldn’t include my brother in the same sentence as my boys,’ muttered Lena bitterly. ‘He was a nasty piece of work. Whatever else he did, I’m sure he started all this.’
‘Started it?’
‘The cops never could prove he took those girls, but I would’ve been suspicious too if I were them. He used to prowl around at night for no good reason. Got caught a couple of times peering into the bedroom windows of young girls, watching them getting undressed. He was always doing sick things like that. Something was terribly wrong with him.’
Josie couldn’t help but be excited about what she was hearing. She might not have wanted to make the whole story about Prem Sieber, but it was certainly going to be more lively having him around. Casually glancing across to Toby only helped confirm that. The way he was squirming with his forehead basted in perspiration, he looked like an amateur drug smuggler trying to get through an airport with a bad case of the sweats. Josie wanted to nudge him and tell him to get a grip on himself. But he was wound so tight the slightest touch might have sent him springing out the house.
Josie could do little more than return her focus to Lena and try to put him out of mind. She was keen to delve deeper into Prem Sieber’s alleged crimes and sudden death, but hesitated, unable to formulate a question that didn’t sound a lot more like an investigative journalist than an old school buddy. ‘That must be very hard on you,’ was all she could come up with.
‘Prem still comes to me in my sleep,’ replied Lena. ‘He taunts me. On both the nights my sons died, he stood at my bed and laughed. It was the coldest sound I’ve ever heard. The sound of the devil.’
‘Oh, wow,’ said Josie, startled. ‘How can you sleep at all after that.?’
‘I’m not sure that I do. Not really anymore.’
Josie sipped her cup of tea for something to do, but immediately regretted it. The tea tasted as weak as it looked and was unable to mask the foul taste of the brackish water. Josie already had a bad taste in her mouth and this only made it worse. She put the cup purposefully back down, having to work hard to keep the revulsion from her face. ‘It’s a sad irony that it might have been sleep that caught up with Jason,’ she said. ‘After all, it was very late at night when the accident happened.’
‘The police think it was a factor,’ replied Lena animatedly, ‘but I know different. He had been driving the Black Spur every night looking for answers to what happened to Jack. And I think he found them. I think he found my brother.’ She tried to drink her tea and broke into a violent cough.
It covered up the silence that had befallen Josie and Toby; they glanced sideways at each other and they were both sure this woman had lost her mind.
‘I’m sorry, if saying this makes you uncomfortable,’ said Lena. ‘It’s still hard for me to accept what has happened.’
‘I apologise for bringing it up.’
‘That’s ok, sweetheart. But, it would be nice if we could talk about something else. Are you able to stay for dinner? I’ve got what I need for a meatball stew. I have enough for three.’
Toby visibly shuddered with the thought. Josie was more composed and offered Lena a politely regretful smile. ‘That’s very kind of you to offer, but we really have to be going. We aren’t in town for long and there’s quite a few people we want to catch up with.’ She sprung up and headed for the door. ‘Thanks for the cups of tea. We’ll drop by again if we can.’
Toby quickly caught up to her and they hurried back into the car. Lena followed them as far as the driveway and waved forlornly as they sped away.
Toby turned angrily to Josie. ‘Are you out of your mind?’
‘Thankfully not on her level, at least.’
‘Few people are. Insanity clearly runs in the family. And if Prem Sieber really was burying young women in the mountains around here, you have to wonder if he didn’t have an accomplice or two. And I wouldn't put it past her to be one of them?’
‘Who? Lena? I don’t think so.’
‘At the very least, she might spread the word around the town that some strangers have come asking questions. What do you think will happen if there is a killer out there with something to hide?’
‘Exciting, isn’t it? I didn’t come all this way to report on a school fete.’
‘Well, I’m not getting involved. I’m going back to Melbourne. If you want to stay here, you can have that steak by yourself. Order it bloody ‘cause you’d better get used to it.’
‘Don’t be like that. It’s true I could have been more upfront about what I was getting you into. But so far all we’ve had to contend with is a weird old woman threatening us with meatballs.’
Toby smirked despite himself. ‘Mum was right about you. You’re trouble.’
‘Nothing much happens to people who listen to their mothers.’
They reached the main strip of Narbethong and they were the only ones stopping. The rest of the traffic on the highway was passing through. Toby pulled his car into the Black Spur Inn car park, joining three other cars spread out across it. He applied the handbrake but kept the engine running. ‘On this occasion, I think I need to. And I would suggest you do too. You have spoken to the Barr matriarch. She believes it is evil spirits that claimed her sons. You’ve got enough now to write a story. You can stay at my flat a couple of days if you need somewhere quiet to do it.’
For Josie, Toby was setting the standard. She could see to what point the average person was willing to take things before starting to get squeamish. It encouraged her that it was before she was even getting started. The need of a true journalist to delve to the very heart of a matter with the purpose of bringing it to light. A need that writing advertising copy would never satisfy.
‘Thanks for taking me this far, Toby,’ Josie said, collecting up her bags from the backseat. ‘But I’ll need to go a lot deeper than this.’ Stepping out of the car gave her an exhilarating sense of purpose.
‘Alright,’ replied Toby, pursing his lips. ‘Let me know when you need to be picked up.’
‘Fine.’ Josie headed for the hotel reception.
Toby drove fast out onto the highway in the direction of the city.

Chapter 5

At midday the following day, Josie walked into the Healesville Police Station with a bunch of questions on her mind. The building was single-level provincial brick with a glass entrance and tidy flowerbeds out front. It didn’t seem much like a place where crimes went to be solved, but Josie didn’t mind that at all. In fact, the police officer at the serving counter may have been exactly what she was looking for: young, fresh-faced and bored. 
Josie stepped into the queue and waited for the two people in front of her to have their turns. First there was a tourist who had lost his camera at the Healesville Animal Sanctuary and wanted a police report for the insurance claim. And then there was a woman who launched into a diatribe about the injustice of her speeding fine. The policeman handled them both with a wall of officious indifference. By the time it was Josie’s turn to step up to the counter, she was worried that it would remain up for her as well. 
But there was still a flicker of life in his eyes that Josie sensed she could work with. The man was somewhere in his late twenties and looked good in his uniform. He had blonde hair neatly parted to the side and a button nose and bluish green eyes. And he didn’t seem to have the arrogance that authority figures were usually cursed with.
‘It’s a quiet part of the world,’ Josie observed, ‘if all you have to worry about is lost cameras and traffic fines.’
The police officer raised his head a little higher from the duty book. ‘We get more serious problems than those.’
‘On the Black Spur? I suppose that little stretch of road would keep you busy. Hasn’t it inflicted more fatalities per kilometre than any other road in the country?’
 The police officer frowned. ‘You sound like a journalist.’ 
‘That’s right. I’m freelance.’
‘What do you want in Healesville?’
‘For the moment all I want to do is buy you lunch.’
The policeman did not take this offer as enthusiastically as Josie had hoped. ‘To what end?’ 
‘I want to ask you a few questions about the recent death of Jason Barr, his elder brother, Jack, and their uncle, Prem Sieber.’
The officer paused. ‘I was wondering when someone would come along about them. That’s a family with a checkered history alright.’
‘Most journalists these days aren’t given the leeway to stray from their desk. I might have been better suited to a different era because I believe in old school investigative legwork.’
The policeman smiled. ‘I respect that.’
‘We can speak on or off the record.’
The officer mulled over the offer. ‘My lunchbreak is at one. We can have a quick chat then.  And that is off the record. Get a table at the Innocent Bystander and wait for me there.’
‘The Innocent Bystander? That’s a restaurant name?’
‘Yes, it is.’ The policeman smirked and Josie could see he had a sense of humour.
‘My name is Josie McMullan.’
‘I’m Constable Mark Galvino.’
Someone else entered the police station.
‘See you at one o’clock,’ Josie whispered conspiratorially and left them to it.

*
The Innocent Bystander was a well-heated open space with pine tables and flooring. It was doing a brisk lunchtime trade, giving Josie only two tables to choose from. She went to the one in the farthest corner. She ordered a pre-lunch glass of wine and started reading the New York Times international edition on her phone. She hoped it was a slow news day because she didn’t want anything clouding her thoughts. Reading an international newspaper would help with that, everything in it a world away. One day she might be like Jenny Contilli, able to pursue a story anywhere in the world. She would like that more than anything.
‘Hello again.’ Constable Mark Galvino walked up to the table and gestured to Josie’s glass of wine with a smirk. ‘I was going to ask for some journalistic credentials, but drinking wine at midday proves you’re a journalist as much as anything.’ His eyes seemed to linger on her. Maybe he liked her. But small towns like this were usually woman-starved, so Josie wasn’t going to be particularly flattered by it. 
‘I’ve been published by some of the major media outlets in the country,’ she said. ‘I can bring them up on my phone if you want.’
‘No offence, but at the moment I would rather read the menu.’ Mark sat down and took the menu to hand. ‘Anything we talk about is going to be strictly off the record. If you want to quote a name in your article, then talk to the Media Liaison Officer.’
‘What I want is the truth.’
‘Well, it’s true the department has been dragging its feet on Prem Sieber’s legacy. Maybe we’re too far out of Melbourne for them to particularly give a damn. But there are families in the area with daughters listed as Missing Persons and I owe it to them to give the department a little nudge. So, I hope you don’t mind being used.’
‘It’s a worthy cause. But one explanation the Homicide Department is not investigating the case is that they are sure Prem Sieber was the killer of those young women. If all the evidence has died with Sieber, the only thing they can succeed in doing is whipping up community outrage.’
‘What they should be doing is bringing closure to the families of the missing. That is more important than anything.’
‘Is that what you want to use me for?’
Mark called over the waitress and ordered the mushroom pizza. Josie ordered the seafood paella and it occurred to her that the waitress was pretty and young, just the sort a sexual predator would target.  ‘Do you think Sieber did do it?’ She asked once the waitress had left.
‘Did what exactly?’
‘Murdered those girls and disposed of their bodies in the forest.’
‘You seem to think so. But it’s impossible to answer that conclusively one way or another right now. Maybe there’s a piece of evidence just waiting to be discovered. Or someone who knows something. Or, of course, the best case scenario is these missing girls will resurface somewhere having been living under the radar all this time.’
‘There haven’t been any disappearances since Sieber died.’
‘The top brass has noticed that as well.’
‘You’re not convinced?’
‘It’s an invitation to get lazy. I worry because serial killers can be quite random in their methods. They can follow busy periods with long periods of dormancy. Until the hunger comes again. It would be a dereliction of duty if we were caught napping.’
Josie nodded earnestly. ‘I can point that out in the article. Still, there must be some evidence linking Prem Sieber to the missing women. He died in a police pursuit, after all.’
‘There are plenty of theories out there, but I can honestly tell you there has been no concrete evidence gathered on him. I can also tell you he was about the strangest person I’ve ever met.’ Mark noticed the doubt on Josie’s face and added, ‘Before you say anything, I have been a cop for over five years and have worked in tougher places than sleepy Healesville. I was a duty officer in the CBD when Jimmy Gargasoulas ran over six people in the Bourke Street Mall – on a mission from Satan, or whatever the fuck was going through his head.’
Josie saw the pain in his eyes. ‘It must have been terrible.’
‘I transferred to Healesville for a change of pace, to give myself some time to get over it.’
‘So, how can you say that Sieber is worse than that lunatic?’
‘Not worse, but stranger.’
Gargasoulas was a classic drug induced paranoid schizophrenic nutbag. Sieber, on the other hand, had no history of drug abuse, had not been diagnosed with any kind of psychotic illness. And yet every night he would be out wandering the streets, sleeping in the local cemetery, peering into people’s houses, howling like a wild dog.’
‘Although he might not have been diagnosed, it sounds like there was something seriously wrong with him. Is there a history of mental illness in the family?’
‘The mother certainly had her issues. The father has never been identified.’
‘So, his upbringing could have been better?’
Mark chuckled. The waitress arrived with their lunches. Mark gathered up his knife and fork and gazed down at the pizza placed before him. ‘Better bring me a coke, will you, Liz?’ Country town familiarity.
‘And I’ll have another wine,’ Josie chipped in.
The waitress departed and with it there came an awkward pause between Josie and Mark as they ate their lunches.
‘The reason I laughed,’ Mark finally said, ‘is because there is a rumour circulating around the town about how Prem Sieber was brought into the world. It is grotesque and more than a little farfetched.’
‘I’d love to hear it.’
‘Sorry but I don’t think now is the time. It’s not the sort of story to be telling over lunch and in a nice place like this. Anyway, it’s not based on facts. If you tried to include it in your article, you would likely be sued for libel. And any editor would be well aware of that.’
‘Alright,’ muttered Josie, not sure if he was trying to threaten her, ‘let’s stick to what is fit to publish about Sieber.’
‘Sure.’
‘Is there a pattern in the way the girls went missing that would lead him to being a suspect?’
The waitress came with the drinks and left quickly, possibly being warded away by the intense look on Mark’s face.
‘Yes,’ he said. ‘They all vanished without a trace. Walking home at night. And, on each night, Prem was seen in the vicinity. If those girls were murdered, which I believe is the case, it would have been opportunistic. A predator jumping his prey.’
‘There must have been some kind of physical evidence. What about his car?’
‘We never got the chance to search it. Not thoroughly. It exploded in that accident on the Black Spur. The interior was completely incinerated. Sieber along with it. It was like Hell opened up and sucked him in. Not a bad result except for the families of the missing desperately looking for answers.’
‘What about journalists? Have they come looking for answers too?’
‘You’re the first outside the local newspaper. That reporter was an intern just out of high school. He seemed to think he was still writing for the high school magazine. He just wanted to focus on how the police were doing such a great job and how the community were pulling together in difficult times.’
‘I didn’t see that article in my background research.’
‘You didn’t miss anything. I fear that if all we do is kid ourselves by looking at the bright side of things, more people are going to die.’
‘People are dying. Jason Barr died a couple of weeks ago. And his brother a year before that.’
Mark was annoyed. ‘That’s not what I’m talking about.’
‘So, just a coincidence? Both were good drivers. Both died in single-vehicle traffic accidents on the same stretch of road.’
‘And neither tested positive for alcohol or illicit drugs. From a police point of view there were no suspicious circumstances.’
‘Still, I’ve only just arrived in town and yet everywhere I start digging I find graves.’
‘I suppose digging is what you’re here to do.’ Mark focussed on a slice of pizza while draining the coke out of the glass. ‘I’m going to put the leftovers in a box. Kind of what they do to people.’
‘Around here at least.’
Mark called over a roaming waiter and handed him his plate.
‘That’s a short lunch hour,’ Josie observed.
‘We like to keep things running during the day. But the nearest afterhours police station is Lilydale, twenty three kilometres away. And it’s chronically understaffed. Keep that in mind when you’re delving into the Black Spur’s less palatable secrets.’
Another warning. Josie was starting to take it personally. ‘This job does not follow regular hours,’ she replied edgily.
Mark smirked. ‘I understand there are different kinds of investigative journalists. And I’m glad you’re not one of those keyboard hacks. Maybe you’ll shine a light in places where the police have not been.’ He got up from the table and gestured to Josie’s glass of wine. ‘Be sure not to get behind the wheel with alcohol in your system. Despite what you might think, we value road safety in this town.’
Josie smirked mischievously. ‘Yes, officer.’
Mark gave her a curious glance and left without another word.

*
That evening Josie was still drinking wine. She was back at the Black Spur Inn and had claimed a barstool just beside where the bartender was serving. Although it was a Friday night, she could see that Narbethong was very far from the bright lights of the Gold Coast. Where there would be dance music and drinking games, here there was an elderly guitarist finger-picking folk renditions to a sprinkling of patrons chattering at their tables. They were all so restrained and considerate no one had even tried to make a move on her, and that was despite her being alone at the bar for the past ninety minutes. She would have been open to  an approach too, especially if it were a local willing to divulge a few of the town’s secrets. That was why she was in the restaurant. And she was more than happy to seek out someone herself. She had held her position initially for lack of likely candidates. Possibly she had the wrong impression of Narbethong, but it seemed the beards of most the men were too neatly groomed, the fingernails too smooth and the outfits too stylish for them to be locals. 
Then an elderly man who shuffled into the restaurant piqued her interest. He had unkempt grey hair, an overgrown beard and was wearing a ratty flannelette shirt and faded blue jeans. Most promising of all was the familiar way in which he greeted all the employees in the bar and the polite indifference in their reactions; he headed purposefully to a particular table by the wall as though it was reserved for his private use.
Josie allowed some time for the man to get settled and make his order, and then, as his senior’s meal and pint of stout arrived, she knew she had a captive audience. Taking her glass of Sauvignon Blanc with her, she headed over.
‘Hi, I noticed you are alone,’ she said. ‘I am too. May I join you?’
The man’s eyes widened with surprise and he frowned. ‘Well, I didn’t notice you. You’re so young it would probably have been illegal if I did.’
‘Very funny. So, is that a yes?’
The man waved to the spare chair at the table. ‘Be my guest.’
‘Thank you.’ Josie sat down and held out her hand. ‘Nice to meet you. I’m Josie.’
The man offered out his hand. It was cold and bony. ‘I’m Terry Gordon.’
‘Nice name.’
The man smiled wryly, revealing the gaps in his worn out teeth. ‘Maybe that’s why my friends call me Terra.’
‘Because they’re not really your friends?’
The smile got wider and there was a hard glint in his eyes. ‘Because the nice in Narbethong is generally just in the passing through.’
‘I see. Well, I’ll call you Terra then.’
‘Why would you want to call me anything at all?’
‘When I’m in a town, I like to get to meet the locals. What’s the point of travelling if you don’t?’
‘Don’t ask me, I haven’t been anywhere much. Been to the city a couple of times and that’s enough for me. I’ll leave the crowds and traffic jams for others.’
Josie congratulated herself on picking her target: he was a rusted-on local who, for all his cynicism, liked to talk. Perfect. ‘There’s so much going on here you don’t need to go anywhere else.’
Terra pulled an incredulous face. ‘Wherever you’re from, it must be pretty darn quiet if you think this place is lively.’
‘I’m from the Gold Coast. It’s known as Australia’s Las Vegas.’
‘Yeah, I know it.’
‘Still, we don’t have anything like the Black Spur there. Street racing and rogue characters, how interesting! And what about the Burr brothers and their Uncle Prem? That even made the papers back home.’
Terra became circumspect. ‘Did it?’
‘It’s terribly sad for the family, of course. But it’s also such a big mystery. The uncle and the brothers all came off the road at speed and with no other vehicles involved. The police suggest they probably fell asleep at the wheel. Except obviously the uncle who was in the midst of a high-speed pursuit. In his case, the obvious conclusion is he simply lost control of the vehicle.’
‘I see.’ Terra pointedly cut up a piece of shepherd’s pie and shovelled it into his mouth.
‘Did you know them?’
‘Who?’
‘The Burr brothers and Prem Sieber.’
‘Not well. They kept to themselves mostly.’
Josie could see he was being evasive and kept prodding. ‘That’s an understatement as far as Prem Sieber is concerned. He used to creep around Healesville at night, peering into people’s houses and sleeping at the local cemetery. He wasn’t homeless, but that was the home he chose.’
Terra shrugged. ‘Like I said, I didn’t know him well.’
Josie sensed she needed to back off for fear of him closing up altogether. She sipped her wine and listened to the guitarist play another cover. It was as much inactivity as she could handle. ‘You might not have known Sieber personally, but you must have heard the rumour going around about how he was born.’
Terra raised his eyebrows. ‘Someone told you about that?’
‘Nah, I was just told there was a rumour. We were in polite society, so he wouldn’t reveal it.’
‘Who was this?’ Terra’s gaze hardened on Josie expectantly.
‘Why do you want to know?’
‘Call it curiosity.’
‘It was just someone I was talking to in Healesville. I didn’t catch his name.’
‘What did he look like?’ He leaned forward on his elbows. ‘Healesville is a small town, I might know him.’
Josie felt a pang of anger. This man was something more than just the town’s busybody, he was trying to intimidate and manipulate her. ‘I don’t remember too much about his face, but I do recall he was wearing a police uniform. Does that narrow it down much?’
Terra sneered. ‘It means he’s not someone you should rely on. The police in these parts are all as bent as they are crooked.’  He put down his knife and fork in a very deliberate manner and got up from the table. ‘You got to speak with a local, now take his advice: tourists who would rather ask questions than take photos are better off going to another town.’
Josie watched him march off to the counter to settle his bill – he didn’t look like he would be much of a tipper. Josie turned her attention to the folk guitarist, though barely even heard him as she mused over the interaction with Terra in her head. As tense as it had been, it didn’t seem to have offered anything tangible for her investigation. Had Terra been rude because he was hiding something or was he just not hiding the fact that he was rude? 
‘Has Terra already left?’ queried the waitress, coming to clear Terra’s place at the table.
Josie read the woman’s name badge: Doris. ‘Yeah, I think I scared him away. Sorry about that.’
‘Don’t be sorry. He’s usually the one scaring people away with his sour looks. But what on earth could you have said that would make him leave a half-eaten roast?’
‘I was just asking him about the Barr brothers and Prem Sieber.’
The waitress grew more serious. ‘That subject has scared away a lot of people in these parts. Our business has really taken a hit.’
‘Sorry to hear that.’
‘It’s made hiring casual staff difficult as well. Young travellers aren’t hanging around like they used to. Usually after a couple of days of sticking close to the hotel they’re back on the road.’
‘Well, I’m personally finding it a charming little town and am going to stay for a day or two longer.’
‘That’s nice,’ replied the waitress half-heartedly and glanced down at her glass of wine. ‘Let me know if you need anything else. She left with Terra’s plate and glass and with them any trace that Terra had been at the table. Josie found it disconcerting seeing how easily such things could be done in the hands of a professional. She gulped down her wine and decided it was time for bed.

Chapter 6

A loud knock on the door jolted Josie from a deep sleep. For a moment she was disorientated, trying to recall within the darkness where she was and how she had come to be there. She could feel her heart pounding and knowing that she was anxious only made it worse.
The knocking momentarily stopped and then started again. It was insistent and relentless. Whoever was at the door was not going anywhere. Josie fumbled through the darkness for her mobile phone on the bedside table. She got it and saw that it was 3:33am. So, whatever was happening, it was very far from normal. Josie quickly sifted through her memory for clues, retracing her steps from leaving the restaurant to entering the hotel room and locking the door behind her. To her tremendous relief she could recall clearly locking and chaining the door. So, she would be safe as she was. She could pull the doona up over her head and wait the disturbance out. But then it occurred to her that she had not come all this way to hide under a doona. Maybe whoever was knocking on the door could help her with answers. She couldn’t close herself off to that chance – especially not in this town. Whatever had happened on the Black Spur, it was something dark: maybe the kind of dark that crept around at 3:30 in the morning. Josie forced herself out of the bed, her mind made up to answer the door.
The room was a kind of icy cold she had never before experienced. Being from the Gold Coast that might not have counted for much; still, it was a cold that pierced her flesh and chilled her to the bones. 
She fumbled on the light switch and retrieved her bathrobe from the desk chair.
The knocking was intensifying and Josie wouldn’t have been surprised if the entire hotel wasn’t being awoken by it. Not that she had noticed anyone occupying the rooms around her. Perhaps it was one of the perks of rural life that one could scream without being heard.
‘Who is it?’ she called out as she started for the door.
There was a moment’s stillness. ‘My name is Olive Leica,’ came a gruff, middle aged woman’s voice.
‘I don’t know you. You must have the wrong room.’
‘Yes, there has been a mistake, Josie McMullan from the Gold Coast, but it is not the room. You should open the door.’
‘Alright.’ Josie’s heart was beating even harder now. She opened the door as far as the door chain would allow. The restricted view allowed only the woman’s shoulder to be visible. The woman was standing stiffly in a white coat with long strands of grey hair sitting around it. Although curious to see the woman’s face, the iciness Josie was feeling seemed to be more than just the air temperature, maybe it was instinct: it kept her from releasing the chain. ‘This is as far as the door goes,’ she said. ‘So, tell me why you’re here.’
‘You picked the wrong local to talk to,’ the woman said. ‘Terry Gordon has been telling people all around town about you. He’s saying you’re a reporter wanting to write about Narbethong criminals.’
Josie’s stomach sunk. How could Terry Gordon have found out about her. She had only told him her first name. So, she had underestimated him. She kicked herself for it.
‘He knows that you spoke with Lena Sieber.’
‘Who? I don’t know that name.’
‘Prem Sieber’s sister.’
Josie was jolted again. Lena Barr’s maiden name.
‘And he knows that you have spoken with the police.’
‘It’s no one’s business who I speak to,’ Josie replied, though her voice did not sound as defiant as she intended.
‘There are dangerous people in this town. Bad people. They are very protective of what they do.’
‘What do they do?’
‘They supply Melbourne with illegal drugs. Mostly methamphetamines. Tens of millions of dollars worth.’
‘Does it explain why those girls went missing?’
‘Have you come here looking for missing girls?’
‘I’m looking for whatever is here to find.’
‘Well, all you’ve found bad trouble and you’re the person who will go missing if you’re not careful. You need to stop what you are doing and leave town. By morning it might already be too late.’ The woman retreated from view and headed away down the corridor.
‘Wait.’ Josie struggled to get the door open, her fingers too cold and the chain too unwieldy on the track. By the time she was out the room, the woman was gone. She strained her ears for the sound of footsteps, or maybe a car tearing away. But there was nothing except the rustling of the trees with the cold wind. The quiet unnerved Josie as much as anything: nights in the Gold Coast were laced with the sounds of traffic, parties and inebriated voices. She withdrew back into the room, locked the door and fixed the chain. She returned to her bed to find it had already lost her body warmth. She climbed under the covers and pulled the doona up to her head. Feelings of anxiety and loneliness suddenly gripped her. But she tried to assure herself that it was good people were threatening her, it meant she was making progress. Anyway, she didn’t need to have all the answers, she just needed to feed her readership enough details that they could be sure their preconceptions were facts. That was the dark art of journalism and in was not so terribly hard to do when the story was right.
Josie had spoken with the police, the grieving mother and a colourful local. Just a couple more interviews and she could return home to its sunshine and warmth and write her article by the swimming pool. And there would be no moral conundrums or second guessing this time. Something was very wrong in this town and Josie was going to have fun describing it.

*

Josie stepped into the hotel reception feeling as fresh as she could have hoped to be considering she had not been able to get back to sleep. She had worked out on the floor in an intense yoga session and then taken a hot, steamy shower. Just as the winter dawn was at last emerging, she sat by the window and sipped at the edges of a black, bitter instant coffee.
The receptionist was Doris, the waitress who had served her at the restaurant. She looked unrested too. ‘Good morning,’ Doris said. ‘How was your night?’
‘It was fine,’ Josie replied. ‘You weren’t kidding when you said you couldn’t hire enough staff. You work nights in the restaurant and days in the reception?’
Doris nodded. ‘This is not the job for people who want to keep regular hours.’
Josie thought the better of comparing notes with her own job. ‘I’d like to pay for one more night.’ She handed over her credit card. ‘And I’d like to ask a question about one of the locals.’
‘Terra?’ queried Doris as she set about processing the transaction. ‘You’re not still thinking about him, are you?’ 
‘No, it’s someone else.’
‘Who then?’ 
‘Olive Leica. Do you know her?’
Doris looked at Josie curiously. ‘I know of Olive Leica. She was the owner of the hotel for fifty years. She’s been dead now for a over a decade.’
Josie felt an icy tingle run up her spine. She used the same deep breathing exercises as in her morning yoga routine to keep her heart rate steady.  ‘Is that so?’ she muttered, conjuring an air of indifference.
‘What did you want to know about her?’
‘Nothing really. The name just popped up somewhere.’
‘I see.’ Doris returned to logging the booking in the computer. ‘Would you like to add breakfast onto the room charge?’
It was a tempting thought. Josie had always found insomnia good for the appetite. Something greasy like a plate of bacon and eggs would have been perfect now. But perhaps not at a place where she had just been threatened. She would have been too caught up in images of poisons or needles to much enjoy what she was eating. And she would have been eating so cautiously she could easily have ended up missing the bus after all.
‘No thanks,’ she said. ‘ I’ll take the bus to Healesville and find something there.’
‘The bus leaves at 10am on Saturdays. You have time.’
‘I’d like to go for a little walk first. This might be my last day in town and I’d like to see something of it while I can.’
Doris handed back her credit card. ‘There are a few nice spots in Healesville I can recommend.’
‘That’s alright,’ said Josie, stepping away. ‘I already know where I’m going.’

*

Josie went straight from the bus stop to the cemetery. Nestled against a backdrop of forested mountains, the Healesville cemetery had a rustic, timeless feel to it. The Barr family plot did not take long to find – Jason Barr’s headstone, the newest addition to the cemetery, was a beacon with a colourful display of freshly laid wreaths. His brother Jack’s grave was beside it and had just one wreath of its own, its flowers shrivelled and browning. The next grave along belonged to Prem Sieber and grew only weeds. His name was written upon its headstone in small font with only the dates of his birth and death accompanying it. It was the grave Josie took the most interest in and yet its starkness somehow seemed the final proof that all the unanswered questions associated with his life would reverberate long after the man himself had been forgotten.
Josie photographed the graves with her phone. She took shots of each grave separately and as a collective. She was pleased with the results. They would make a striking visual accompaniment to an online article or blog.
Satisfied, Josie headed back at out through the cemetery’s tall steel gates and turned for the town’s centre. On the other side of the road there was a man in a leather jacket and jeans atop a stationary motorbike staring her way. With his handle-bar moustache and hard, square jaw, he cast a menacing figure and immediately aroused Josie’s suspicion. There seemed no good reason for him to be parked in that place and the way he was looking at Josie was way too purposeful. 
Josie quickened her foot speed. She would have been jittery even without the old woman’s warning still bouncing around in her head. Recognising the street names from the maps she had studied, she turned off Riddell Road onto Badger Creek Road, and it brought her within sprinting distance of Healesville’s main street. She snuck a glance back over her shoulder, ready to react if there had been so much as a shadow projecting towards her. And although this seemed far too public a place for an assault, it was still with considerable relief that Josie found the street empty behind her. This town was starting to give her the creeps. And the one thing she was getting homesick for was the can of pepper-spray under her bed. Maybe she should have tried to smuggle it onto the plane. An innocuous silver can packing a hefty punch, she would have appreciated the feel of it in her hand now.
A roar of revving motorbike engine broke the quiet. It was coming from the cemetery and Josie again felt herself tensing. But the motorbike shot off in the opposite direction, leaving a long trail of noise in its wake. Josie wondered if she had just been hypersensitive. Maybe the man had been at the cemetery paying respects to someone. And he wouldn’t have been the first man to mistake an unnerving stare with flirtation. Josie would ponder that when it came time to write up the article. Unlike with Sullivan Crew, her interpretations weren’t going to risk ruining lives and personal bankruptcy. So, she could interpret to her heart’s content.
The phone started to vibrate in her pocket. She fished it out and saw that the caller was Toby. He was probably seeking absolution for having abandoned her in Narbethong and permission to come take her home. Josie’s mother might even have put him up to it. Josie let the call ring out and rechecked the location of the real estate agency where Jason Barr’s widow was waiting for her.

*

The real estate website described the farmhouse as an Edwardian cottage of rare quality, set on 5 acres of exquisite farmland and boasting exquisitely detailed fretwork, ornate gables, stained glass windows and high ceilings embellished with elegant architraves. Although Josie could barely afford the flight home, she had spent enough of her life in opulent houses to be comfortable masquerading as a potential buyer for this one. The main reason she had picked it out for inspection from amongst the real estate office’s listings was its distance from town. The ten kilometre drive would give her an opportunity to break the ice with Sally Barr. And, besides, no self-respecting real estate agent would waste time on someone in the market for a one-bedroom bungalow.
Josie walked into the foyer of the Barry Schultz Real Estate office at precisely eleven o’clock. A woman around her age was behind the reception counter, typing intently on her computer. She had long black hair,  blue eyes and a distinctively jutting jaw. She was professionally dressed in a black suit and pink blouse. Josie had seen enough pictures of her online to know that it was Sally Barr. As she approached the counter, she noticed a tired acceptance in her eyes that she supposed was what grieving looked like once it had taken hold.
‘Hi, can I help you?’ Sally said. 
‘I’m Josie McMullan. I called you about the Fernwood Grove property.’
Sally looked her over a moment. It was unusual for someone so young to be in the market for a farmhouse. Josie, however, didn’t flinch with the attention, convinced that confidence went a long way to being believable.
‘And you didn’t come here by car?’ Sally queried.
‘There are enough cars in the world,’ replied Josie adamantly. ‘My intention is to convert the property into a retreat for eco-artists.’
‘That’s nice,’ replied Sally guardedly and glanced at the clock on her computer. ‘I have an auction at midday, but I can run you down there for a quick look before then .’
‘That would be great.’ The delight in Josie’s voice was not derived from any interest in the property but rather the chance this was going to give her. She was as close as one good quote away from being on the next bus back to Melbourne with her story ready to write, and Jason Barr’s widow seemed the perfect person to give it to her – something to do with the perils of the Black Spur or, even better, the curse that had befallen her family. 
She followed Sally out the office to the white KIA sedan parked across the street. It was in immaculate condition and the interior smelt of potpourri. Sally was proving to be not much of a talker, letting them get all the way into the car and driving without saying a word. It gave Josie plenty of silence to work with, and once they were on open road, she took her opportunity. ‘My parents will put up some of the capital for the property, but they are quite concerned about the town’s underbelly.’
‘Underbelly?’
‘Those girls who disappeared a few years ago have never been found and no one has ever been arrested.’
Sally’s voice was pinched. ‘I’ve lived in Healesville ten years and I’ve never felt threatened. I often walk the streets alone at night. Some folks may be more pleasant than others, but no one has ever really bothered me.’
‘Being so relaxed, of course, would be much easier if you believed that the late Prem Sieber was the serial killer.’
Sally glared at her. ‘I’m surprised someone from the Gold Coast has even heard of him. The mayor is doing her best to keep a lid on the whole thing. She’s worried about the town’s reputation – or, more to the point, she wants to ensure the tourist dollars keep flowing in. From what I gather, her job is depending on it. Like in every other town and city in the world, there are a small number of people monopolising all the power.’
Josie had to bite her lip to repress a smile. She couldn’t have hoped for better remarks than these. Crime, corruption and psychopaths – with the added sweetener of a conspiracy theory thrown in. Josie didn’t need to solve any mysteries here, just convince the world there was one. Her only niggling doubt now was whether there might be some benefit in sticking around a little longer. For instance, interviewing the parents of the missing girls would help make the story real, emphasise the human element. She had already been able to track down their addresses and most of them were still living in the vicinity. And she really would be able to interview them. Desperate to raise public awareness about their missing children, they would no doubt jump at the chance to speak with a journalist. So, Josie could approach them openly without any need for deception or improvisation. It would make a nice change from trying to lie her way to the truth. 
‘Here we are,’ said Sally as the car pulled into the Fernwood Grove property.
‘Great.’ Josie tried to feign interest. She didn’t need another alleged visitation from beyond the grave to know she still needed to be on her guard. ‘It looks good.’
‘You’ll find it has all the peace and security you’ll need to tap your creative spring. Let’s start with the interior, shall we? The kitchen and central living spaces have been tastefully refurbished and are an absolute highlight.’ 
They went across the dewy front lawn and into the house and what struck Josie from the outset was just how cavernous the interior was. She barely had enough personal possessions even to fill one of its rooms. And, anyway, she would have much rather crammed all that into a tiny studio apartment somewhere bustling with life and culture and feel that she owned too much.
‘Fabulous storage solutions,’ Sally declared as she opened the kitchen pantry. Before she could add to her sales pitch, the roar of a pack of motorbikes shattered the quiet outside. The bikes were moving up the road in a tight convoy and it wasn’t long before they came into view out the front windows. There were six riders, they were intimidating, powerfully built men dressed in heavy leather jackets and well-worn jeans. They pulled into the driveway on the wide-handled bikes and fanned out across the front lawn and revved their engines some more as though they felt there was still some need to announce themselves.
‘What the hell?’ said Sally, stepping right up to the window to see what was happening. As Josie joined her, she turned on her suspiciously. ‘You don’t have a boyfriend bikie, do you?’
Josie shook her head. ‘I don’t know who they are. But I thought there was a guy on a motorbike watching me at the cemetery a little while ago.’
‘You were being watched by a bikie at the cemetery?’ replied Sally incredulously.
‘Maybe. But he was alone.’
‘Bikies are never alone. And they don’t follow someone just for the fun of it.’ Sally went to where she had left her handbag on the kitchen bench and pulled out a small low calibre pistol. ‘I’ll go see what they want.’ She tucked the gun into one of her trouser pockets and straightened out her blouse neckline as though about to greet some clients. ‘You’d better wait here.’
While she went out the front door, Josie moved across to assume her spot by the window and although they still had their helmets on, she immediately recognised the middle one as the man from the cemetery. There was something unmistakable about his predatory stillness and unremitting stare. With a chill she realised whatever was going on, it must have had something to do with her presence in town.
Sally headed down the porch without even a hint of trepidation. Helmets remained on but visors were flicked up to greet her. A heated conversation ensued between Sally and the bikies and it was accompanied by frequent glances and finger pointing in the direction of the house – or, more specifically, in the direction of Josie. Josie decided there and then that if any of the bikies dismounted, she was going to make a run for it. There was a fire extinguisher on the kitchen wall that could be used to smash out a window and there was a hundred metre sprint to the adjacent property. If she moved as fast as her heart was pounding, she would take some catching. Sally, however, had stopped gesturing at the house and was now firmly waving the bikies off the property. Even without the appearance of the gun, the bikies relented, snapping their visors back down and revving their engines to life in an ear-shattering wall of sound. As they peeled off back onto the road in tight formation, Sally stomped back into the house and glared at Jolie. ‘Who the hell are you?’
‘Why do you ask? What did they say about me?’
‘They said you’re a journalist who has come to do a story on them. 
‘Well, if I’m not investigating them, someone should,’ Josie shot back. ‘People who are worried about journalists this much clearly have a guilty conscience.’
‘Are you a journalist?’
‘Yeah, I am, but it’s not motorcyclists I’m interested in. Not unless they had something to do with the death of your husband.’
Sally was rattled. ‘What are you talking about?’
Josie realised she had been overly forthright with her revelation, but it was too late to stop now. ‘Two brothers and an uncle lost on the Black Spur in separate road accidents. On the surface it seems a tragic coincidence. But I’ve come here to find out what really happened.’
‘Looking at houses is your way of doing that? You didn’t think to ask me any questions?’
‘I didn’t want to upset you by diving in straightaway.’
‘I’ve recently become a widow, and yet you’re worried about making me upset?’
‘I mean, more upset. And I wasn’t sure there was anything you could tell me.’
‘But you do know how to ask questions?’
‘Of course. I do it for a living.’
‘Then I’ll help. And I mean by more than just saving your neck from the local motorbike gang.’
‘What kind of help then?’
‘Come with me and I’ll show you.’
  Sally led the way out the house, not stopping to lock the front door. Once they were in the car, she tore up the road with an intent to rival the motorcyclists. At the speed she was driving, Healesville became an even smaller town. Trying to remain calm, it occurred to Josie that if everyone around here drove like this, it was no wonder there were so many traffic fatalities. The thought that this could merely be a town full of bad drivers only further added to her unease. It would not make for much of a scoop.
Sally braked sharply and turned into the driveway of a modern red brick home, pulling up just short of the garage roller-door. ‘We’re here,’ she casually announced.
‘Is this the place up for auction?’ Josie murmured.
‘No, this is my home.’ Sally got out of the car. ‘Come on, then.’
Josie followed after her while taking in as much of the surroundings as she could. ‘Nice place. To be honest, I thought you lived in Narbethong.’
‘I moved out after Jason died. Too many memories. I can barely afford this place, but I had to move up. I couldn’t let myself go backwards.’ Sally got the front door open and took Josie to a desktop computer in a study adorned with bonsai plants and cacti. ‘Excuse the mess,’ she said.
Josie looked around, struggling to see any.
Sally shook the mouse to awaken the computer; the folder she wanted was already open. It was a collection of news and coroner reports about the numerous traffic accidents that had occurred on the Black Spur. Josie assumed the mouse and began flicking through the screenshots, scanned clippings and pdf files. Most were concerned with traffic accidents: some came with grizzly images of wreckage, others with sensationalised headlines that sounded like the journalists were keeping score, but all were brief, as though there was nothing to say beyond the surface layer of tragedy and misery. But what struck Josie most was the sheer number of reports Sally had accrued. It smacked of obsession.
‘No journalist would have the time and patience to put this together,’ Sally said, as though sensing Josie’s thoughts. ‘It had to come from someone like me, a victim.’
‘And there are a lot of those by the looks of it.’
‘Not that anyone seems to notice. All the government ever does is paint fresh white lines on the road and put up speed signs. And the police are no better, simply rehashing in their briefings the tired old reminders about road safety and responsible driving.’
Josie stopped flicking through the folder, though she hadn’t reached the end. ‘I’ll try in my reporting to raise awareness about what is happening on the Black Spur.’
‘That’s a waste of time until you know what is happening.’
Josie raised her eyebrows. ‘So, what do I need to know?’
‘I’ve spent countless hours pouring over articles and reports, looking for patterns, looking for reasons: A specific bend in the road. A time of day. A model of car. A driver profile. Anything that could help me to come to terms with what happened to Jason.’ 
‘And?’ Josie sensed there was something.
‘There was a subset of accident that fitted how Jason and Jack came to grief. Night time. High speed. Vehicles coming off the road with little or no evidence of the driver attempting to avoid impact. The coroner reports generally suggested driver fatigue as the likely cause – drivers simply falling asleep at the wheel. But anyone who knew Jason would know that that’s a load bullshit. Especially after the loss of his brother, he was as careful as could be. And I made him promise every evening before he went out that he wouldn’t take any risks.’
‘So, if they weren’t falling asleep at the wheel, what do you think did happen?’
Sally hesitated. ‘This is something I’ve never talked to anyone about before.’
‘I’m here to listen. But I can’t stay for long. Freelance journalists get paid per article not per hour.’
‘Alright. After the similarities led me to a dead end, I started looking for anomalies. And I found one. There was a woman who actually survived one of those crashes. A Narbethong local by the name of Anna Roxburgh. She was driving home from a birthday party some time after midnight a year ago when her car came off the road at approximately one hundred and fifty kilometres per hour. Miraculously the car avoided all the roadside trees as it careered down an embankment and into a thicket of bushes. Anna came away with cracked ribs, a fractured leg and a badly wrenched spine. Not bad considering she had basically no right to survive that accident.’ Sally sounded almost bitter about it.
‘She does sound lucky, but these things do happen. Have you ever heard of Vesna Vulovic?’
‘No, who is she?’
‘She was a flight attendant who fell ten thousand metres out of a plane without a parachute and somehow managed to live to talk about it.’
‘I see.’
‘So, what does Anna Roxburgh have to say about her accident?’
‘Until now, virtually nothing. She has never publicly spoken about her accident. It didn’t help that almost immediately after she was discharged from hospital, she was admitted into a mental health clinic. She was there a good six months before they allowed her to go back home.’
‘Maybe she had issues before the crash.’
‘And maybe she didn’t.’ Sally took control of the mouse. ‘I’ll flick through to the article I have about her. It’s even shorter than the others. Being a non-fatal accident certainly doesn’t help garner interest.’
The article came on screen with an accompanying picture of the smashed up box-type SUV. Josie quickly skimmed through the article, but there weren’t many details beyond what Sally had already said. At least, it gave Josie a moment to reflect on the situation. ‘Do you know where she lives?’ she finally queried.
‘Sure, I do. It’s a small town.’
‘So, why haven’t you tried to talk to her? Clearly you’ve got the urge.’
‘What would I say? “Hi, my husband overshot a bend at a hundred miles an hour and, if you haven’t gone completely insane, I’d be interested to know what it feels like?”’
Josie shrugged. ‘Would you rather I asked?’
Sally looked at her and realised the offer was serious. ‘Yeah, okay. You did say you’re the professional at asking questions. Anyway, it would be better if you do the asking because you’ll have the luxury of being able to leave town if things go bad. It’s different for me. This town is all I have left of Jason.’
‘That’s settled then. Let’s just hope it doesn’t go too bad too quickly.’
‘It’ll help a lot if you can keep a low profile until tomorrow.’
‘Why’s that?’
‘I know those bikies pretty well. Jason used to play pool with some of them at the local pub. They might get involved in the odd burglary and assault and some drug dealing as well, but they’re definitely nothing more than small time crooks. They’re not going to be bothered trying to run a journalist out of town. I doubt any of them have ever bothered even reading the news.’
‘Are you suggesting someone has put them up to it?’
‘That’s right. And I’d be careful about whoever they might be. They appear to have the local bad boys running their errands, but they might handle the rough stuff themselves.’
‘Who do you think they are?’
Sally shrugged. ‘I’ve heard that Healesville has become a staging point for major drug shipments into Melbourne. It kind of makes sense. Melbourne is only sixty kilometres down the road and yet our police station is tiny and only works office hours. So, the big difference between me and you is I don’t want to know who they are.’
‘If it’s so dangerous, are you sure you want to help me?’
Sally nodded. ‘I want to find out what happened to my husband. But it might take some time to set up an appointment with Anna. I’ll try and make it for first thing tomorrow. Ok?’
‘Sure.’
Sally glanced ruefully at her watch. ‘I’m going to be late for that damned auction. Can I drop you off at your hotel?’
Josie shook her head. ‘That’s okay, I’m staying in Narbethong.’ She put a business card down on the table beside the computer. ‘If you send me the folder, I’ll read it through on the bus. I would appreciate being picked me up tomorrow morning though. That would save some time.’
Sally didn’t immediately reply and when Josie glanced at her she realised the colour had completely drained from her cheeks. It was almost as though she was looking at a cadaver.
‘Are you alright?’ Josie asked.
‘Kind of,’ Sally said breathlessly. ‘Tell me something, do you believe in the supernatural?’
Josie frowned. ‘Why do you ask?’
‘Since Jason’s death, I haven’t been able to drive along the Black Spur. I’ve tried twice and both times I felt a hard pressure on my chest and my throat being squeezed.’
‘Sounds like an anxiety attack.’
‘I thought it was happening inside my head too. But the cold that accompanied it was definitely external. I have lived on mountains all my life, so I can tell what cold feels like, and this was something else.’
‘So, what was it then?’
‘It felt like the hand of evil.’
‘Really?’ muttered Josie dubiously. She decided not to mention that she had been going up and down the Black Spur on the bus the past few days and the lush scenery had been the highlight of the trip. ‘Surely evil exists in people not places.’
‘That’s mostly the case and sadly it’s all too pervasive. But I think a haunting is when a person is gone but the evil remains in essence. It’s beyond science, but what the hell do scientists know about it?’ Sally stood up and gestured firmly at the news reports on screen. ‘And that’s what I believe is happening on this road.’
Josie paused. ‘I can take the bus back here tomorrow morning if that helps.’
‘No, for Jason, I’m going to give it another go. I’ll come pick you up tomorrow morning. You can copy the folder if you want it.’
‘Thanks.’ As Josie sent the folder to her cloud, she realised there was an uneasy feeling nagging at her. Maybe it was a fear that she was getting caught up in the kind of supernatural hysteria that could infect backwater towns like this one, especially with its demented late night prowlers banging on doors. Just as long as she wasn’t buying into the notion that the Black Spur was somehow haunted by evil spirits. She needed to keep her head clear and think straight. She would search for the truth the best she could, and maybe in this twisted story about death on the murky fringes, she might find some of her own.

Chapter 7

It was her second evening at the Black Spur Inn’s restaurant and this time Josie was leaving Terra Gordon well alone. With a glass of Mount Terrible Pinot Noir, she was glancing over the reports of the Black Spur’s victims on her phone. She wasn’t taking in many of the details. It was just somewhere to point her eyes.
Terra was trying to attract her attention, shooting disapproving glances as he fidgeted with a greasy beer glass at the other side of the bar. 
Doris was again attending her table and they had a quick chat every time she brought over another glass of wine.
The folk singer was also back. Josie hadn’t paid close enough attention the first time to know if he was performing from the same playlist, but the Dylanesque way he was performing them certainly was. It seemed a futile attempt to burst the town’s melancholic emptiness. It was like shining a flashlight into a forest trying to convince the wildlife it was daytime.
As Josie came to the end of her fourth glass of wine, she also reached the end of Sally’s archive. Despite the invariable carnage and tragedy involved in traffic accidents, they rarely made for stimulating reading. Josie rued that it was no less true in this collection. She doubted there was anything here that would warrant being included in a feature article. Indeed, the only article that had really caught her eye barely involved any carnage at all. It was a short piece about Georgie Mikakos’s crash with a giant mountain ash tree while fleeing her cheating fiancé.  The article was noteworthy because the ex-fiancé had pressed charges and was trying to sue Georgie for damages. It was such a shameless thing to do it had provoked a lot of community outrage. A crowdfunding page had taken off, giving Georgie the finances to get some legal representation. And it didn’t hurt that one of the country’s most renowned defence lawyers was offering to take the case pro bono. The trial was scheduled for the spring and although Georgie’s chances were touch and go, she was at least clearly winning in the court of public opinion. People were roundly expressing their support and fury at the ex-fiancé’s lack of remorse and perceived arrogance, or at least that was how the incident was being portrayed by the journalist covering the story. Her name was Sofie Baxter, and although Josie had never heard of her, she begrudgingly appreciated the way she wrote. She had neatly controlled the story without sensationalising it or inserting herself into it. Not many writers would have the discipline to pull that off. Josie wondered if Sofie was also in her early twenties and living with her parents. She rued how much more accomplished she seemed to be, especially as it appeared she had completely outsmarted her in her approach to the story. Sofie had basically taken the mystery of the Black Spur and turned it into an inspiring story of resilience that would strike a chord across a wide readership. Josie felt positively morbid in comparison, focusing on a family all getting killed on the same stretch of road was not exactly going to win her any plaudits as the work of a serious journalist. Still, there was nothing Josie could do now except follow through with it – even though she had turned herself into a magnet for all the town’s weirdos. She only hoped they were weird enough for people to want to know about. One case in point was the woman banging on doors in the middle of the night, claiming to be someone long dead. Maybe a picture of the real Olivia Luicas would help generate interest. As the former owner of the hotel, there might be a picture of her on a lobby wall somewhere. Or, failing that, perhaps the town had a local historical society Josie could drop in on. If it turned out she looked the same as the woman on Josie’s doorstep, then it might implicate an offspring or relative. Josie smirked wryly to herself as she thought that in a town like this most people probably bore a family resemblance anyway.
‘Hi there, do you come here often?’ came a male voice from the side.
It took Josie by surprise and she turned quickly to see who it was. The man was tall and clean cut with freshly shaven cheeks and neatly combed blonde hair. He was handsome, though for someone making a move in a bar, his smile was noticeably forced and the look in his eye strained. Maybe his buddies had put him up to it. Josie felt a rush of agitation and accessed her memory for the rich assortment of putdowns she had developed over the years in seedy Gold Coast nightclubs. Several old favourites immediately came to mind, but there was something niggling her about this man that compelled her to hold fire. It was a flicker of recognition, a vague sense she had met this man somewhere recently. Certainly not one of those bikies. His body wasn’t beefed-up enough to be one of them. And his pale blue eyes were intense without being threatening. Perhaps it was the eyes that Josie recognised first, and then it all came together. The Healesville Police Station, followed by a lunchtime conversation about serial killers and victims buried in the mountains. Constable Mark Galvino was out of uniform and looked completely different in his black hoodie and blue jeans, but now that Josie knew that it was him, she found herself smiling back.
‘Are you working undercover, Constable Galvino?’ she queried dryly.
Galvino shook his head. ‘Like I said, the police stick to office hours in these parts. Not you though by the look of things. Still on the hunt for murderers and victims who may or may not exist?’
‘Why do you ask? Are you hoping I can do your job for you?’
‘If you have found something in your research, you had better keep calling me Constable Galvino and I will take down your statement. Otherwise, why don’t you just call me Mark and I’ll buy you a drink?’
‘I’m not sure I have encountered any murderers today. I’m even less sure that I didn’t.’
‘May I sit down?’
Josie gestured to the empty chair at her table. ‘Help yourself.’
Mark worked the chair closer around the table to Josie and dropped into it. He smelt pleasantly of cologne and his ease of movement suggested he wasn’t going to try too hard to be whatever it was he wanted to be. He placed the beer in his hand on a coaster.
‘I sense you are referring to something in particular. Can you tell me what happened?’ 
‘Let’s just I’ve been given a lot of free advice since I’ve arrived in town. Most of it along the lines of I should leave while I still can. The local bikie gang were the most emphatic about it. They seemed quite eager to put a layer of topsoil over me.’
Mark’s eyes narrowed and he frowned. ‘Maybe you should make that statement after all.’
‘Would it do any good?’
‘The laws here are the same as anywhere else. If you have been threatened, we can take action.’
Josie chuckled. ‘I daresay you’ll need backup before you start banging on their doors. They don’t exude a great deal of respect for law enforcement. And I’ve been informed that there are even more dangerous people pulling their strings in the background. Anyway, I’ve come here to write articles not police statements. My research is progressing well. People are going to be surprised to know there is a motorbike gang running wild in your town.’
Mark shrugged his shoulders. ‘I’ve worked in towns where that is actually true. Places where we were dealing with murderers, junkies and thieves even before our first coffee of the day. That’s why I transferred to Healesville. I needed a break. Somewhere quiet to recharge. A place where dripping faucets and flat tyres are the main reasons for callouts. And Healesville is exactly that town. Today I had a missing puppy to investigate and a six pack of donuts to get through. Just perfect.’
‘If you say so,’ replied Josie, unconvinced.
‘I know it’s not what you want to hear. You’ve come a long way looking for something with a little more excitement. I don’t want you to go home disappointed and that’s why I came here looking for you.’
‘Really?’
‘I’ll show you Devilry Turn if you like.’
‘Devil Return? Never heard of it.’
‘It’s said both ways and it might fit nicely in your article. It’s a section of the Black Spur that locals think is haunted.’
‘The locals do seem to be a superstitious lot.’
‘You might be right. But, to be more precise, the name was coined by the local cult. They’re pretty harmless even though they do believe the devil lies within the Black Spur and appears on the darkest nights to claim its hapless victims.’
‘Sounds like campfire ghost stories,’ muttered Josie.
‘All good ghost stories have some grounding in truth – otherwise, they wouldn’t be scary. Unless you have something better to do this evening, I’m offering a personalised ghost tour. I’ll take you to Devilry Turn and tell you some of the stories.’ Mark smiled and gestured to the folk singer. ‘Or would you rather stay here and listen to his entire repertoire?’
Josie shrugged. ‘He’s alright. And there are enough horror stories in the world without needing to invent any more.’
‘I can’t disagree with that.’ Mark took out a pen and wrote on a napkin You’re in danger! and a mobile phone number. He slid it across to her. ‘Give me a call if you change your mind.’ He got up from the table.
‘Wait,’ said Josie, plucking her jacket off the back of her chair. ‘You’re right, I’ve got nothing better to do. Maybe I’ll write a story about the neighbourhood cult.’

*

Mark Galvino turned off the Black Spur in his black Jeep Wrangler SUV. He drove along a steeply inclining four-wheel-drive track that was veering away into dense, imposing bushland. The vehicle’s high beams were barely making a dent in the thick, dank night and its wheels were slipping threateningly in the muddy, rutted surface.
‘Where are we going?’ asked Josie, in the front passenger seat beside him, her voice tightening as she took in the precarious terrain ahead.
‘Nowhere really,’ Mark replied, braking just at the point where the track began to plummet into a steep, dark abyss, ‘or, at least, I have no idea where it leads. It’s just another unmarked dirt track hacked into the landscape. The mountains around here are riddled with them.’ He turned off the engine, allowing in the night’s uneasy quiet. ‘Leave your phone and jacket in the car. And empty your pockets as well.’ He got out of the SUV and strode away from the vehicle. 
Josie disliked being told what to do and her initial inclination was to bite back. But there was something earnest about his voice that prompted her to begrudgingly comply. ‘I wouldn’t record a conversation without asking permission, if that’s what you’re worried about,’ she said as she walked after him.
Mark did not reply until he was satisfied with distance from the SUV and came to a stop. ‘I’m worried about other people recording our conversation.’
‘What do you mean? Do you think I’ve been bugged?’
‘I’m just taking precautions. The people we’re dealing with are very dangerous, and they appear to have taken an interest in you.’
Josie paused. ‘It’s hard to know exactly who you are referring to. In the day or so since I’ve been in town I’ve had a motorbike gang stalking me, a mad woman banging on my door in the dead of the night and an old man in a pub staring at me like I ran over his dog.’ 
 ‘It sounds like this is already getting out of hand.’
‘A few minutes ago in the bar you were boasting about the peacefulness in Healesville. Was that just for the benefit of anyone else who might have been listening into the conversation?’
‘Due to an ongoing police investigation, I can’t disclose exactly who I am concerned about. But the people you’ve just listed would merely be their foot soldiers, manipulated or employed into harassing you. At this stage it appears their intentions are non-lethal. But I wouldn’t count on that remaining the case for long.’
Josie eyed him suspiciously. ‘You don’t talk much like a country cop.’
‘Don’t I?’
‘I get the feeling you’re here investigating someone in particular. But who are you?’
‘I’m not going to respond to that,’ replied Mark sheepishly.
‘Alright, then I will. I get the distinct impression you really are working undercover – even though you are in uniform. I would put money on you being a member of a special unit, probably the Criminal Investigation Bureau, posing as a harmless desk cop. In reality you’re out here like a police dog sniffing around for the scent of its target.’
Mark frowned. ‘I’m not doing a very good job at warning you out of town, am I? I think I’ve only succeeded in getting you more interested.’
Josie held up the napkin. ‘Yeah, you got my attention. So, should I burn this? What do they teach you in the CIB?’
‘You need to take this seriously. You’re in danger here.’
‘Well, if you told me exactly what was going on, I could go home and write about it.’
‘Even if you were a more established journalist, I wouldn’t be able to tell you. What is happening here is way too sensitive to risk talking to the media about.’
‘Tell me this, at least. Does it involve the car accidents of Prem Sieber and the Barr brothers?’
Mark paused. ‘No, it doesn’t.’
‘Good, then I’ll be able to keep pursuing my story without any risk of compromising your investigation.’
‘There’s no law against what you’re doing. Just like there’s no a law against jumping into a shark pool.’
Josie felt a pang of anger. ‘I get it, I’m in danger. And you’re another person who doesn’t want me in this town. Was it Sally who told you what happened today?’
Mark laughed. ‘She’s not the type to share her thoughts with the police. But there are plenty of more civic minded residents in Healesville. Perhaps too many. My phone was ringing hot about the bikie incursion on Ferngrove Grove. I was even sent photos of the tyre tacks on the front lawn. Somehow I doubt that would be enough to lay charges. So, they’re still out there. The best I can do is offer you a police escort to your car – assuming you are under the legal limit for driving.’
‘There’s a problem with that idea, and it’s not how much I’ve drunk. I don’t have a car.’
Even in the darkness, Josie could tell Mark was staring. ‘What do you mean?’
‘I’ve been getting around on the local bus. And the last one for the day was a couple of hours ago.’
‘Really? You’re taking on a sophisticated, ruthless criminal organisation with a bus pass?’ Mark was incredulous. ‘Take a look where we are, feel how cold it is, think about what kind of people might be lurking on tracks like this and try telling me that coming here with nothing more than a laptop is a good idea.’
‘It’s not only the bad guys trying to silence the journalists in this town,’ observed Josie unphased, ‘the police are having a go too. Perhaps you’re afraid of the scrutiny because you’re not doing a very good job here. There are criminals running wild and you seem pretty clueless.’
‘We know more than I can tell you right now. But building a case is not going to be easy. These people are highly effective at making themselves invisible. Eventually they might make a mistake that will expose them. They usually do. I just don’t want you to be that mistake.’
‘How kind of you.’
‘Alright, so you don’t have a car. And from what you’ve just said it wouldn’t be a good idea for you to go back to your hotel room tonight. How about I drive you to another hotel in Healesville? You can check in under another name.’
‘Nice idea but there’s no way I can afford two hotel rooms in the one night.’
‘I see. I suppose that’s the downside of being a freelancer, you have to cover your own bills.’
‘Tell me about it.’
Mark paused. ‘I have a spare bed in my place if you want.’
Josie was caught off guard by the offer and couldn’t help but be impressed. In her experience even the most confident of men would usually start squirming when asking a girl home, but Mark had managed it without even a flutter. It was the only kind of offer she would consider: men with empty houses and clear heads. ‘Would that be alright?’ she asked probingly.
‘It’s not technically unethical if that’s what you mean. You aren’t a victim of a crime or a crown witness.’ At last, some discomfort emerged in his voice, which helped to reassure Josie he wasn’t a uniformed version of a sexual predator – it was especially reassuring as now would have been a less than ideal time to find that out. Josie wondered if she had been giving off any signals. She did find him attractive, especially those blue eyes and his unassuming confidence. And she had never been with a policeman before. 
‘Do you live in Healesville?’ she asked.
‘That wouldn’t be a good idea. It’s about a half hour drive from here.’
‘Not down one of those track, I hope.’
Mark chuckled. ‘No, it’s a normal house with a letterbox.’
‘Alright, you’ve sold me. Just don’t get any ideas. With people loitering outside my room, I probably wouldn’t get any sleep in Narbethong, and that’s all I would want to do at your place.’
‘Of course. You’ll be free to sleep away.’ Mark started back for the SUV.
‘This is strange though,’ said Josie as she followed.
‘What is?’
‘One minute you’re trying to scare me out of town and in the next you’re inviting me back to your house.’
‘Well, clearly you don’t mind taking risks.’
‘I suppose that’s true. Is this place really called Devilry Turn or did you make that up?’
‘It’s a real place alright, but it’s another kilometre down the road.’
‘Were you too afraid to go there?’
‘It’s not a safe spot to pullover. It’s the bend where Prem Sieber was killed.’
‘I would like to see it.’
‘Not tonight.’
‘You can at least tell me what happened, then.’
‘He came off the road at extreme speed. The car burst into flames as it tumbled down the mountainside.’ 
‘I thought that sort of thing only happened in movies.’
‘Ruptured fuel tank. These things happen.’ Mark hesitated. ‘I spoke to one of the cops involved in the pursuit. He said that Prem Sieber had gone completely insane.’
‘How so?’
‘While he was being burned alive in that car, he should have been screaming in absolute, pure agony; but what he was doing instead was laughing hysterically.’

*

As it turned out Josie barely got any sleep anyway. And she never found out if there was a spare bed in Mark’s house. They had talked for a couple of hours over whiskies in his living room and as he leaned over her glass to offer a refill, their lips were drawn together. It was raw mutual attraction and before long they were making love in his rutted double bed. Josie was relieved that he didn’t suddenly transform into a wannabe porn star. He remained a tad clumsy and hesitant, which gave her the space to think she was getting something underutilised. Of course, he might have just been stressing about the risk of losing his job over the encounter, or a current girlfriend walking in on them. Certainly by the time morning had come around, he was ready for an early start.
As they travelled along the Black Spur, with the anaemic morning sunlight struggling to shake off the night, Josie wanted to get Mark talking again in case their night of intimacy had weakened his resolve for confidentiality. 
‘Thanks for the lift,’ she said innocuously. ‘Will you have time for breakfast?’
Mark’s voice didn’t soften. ‘I don’t have time, and neither do you. Being seen with me last night at the pub won’t make you any safer once I’m gone. I tried to make it look like I was just trying to pick you up. Dropping you off again the next morning might help them think we were being less than professional. But you’re going to be in danger all the same.’
‘After the night we spent together, you’re still trying to get rid of me?’ Josie needled. She enjoyed the floundering look on Mark’s face as he struggled to come up with a reply. She decided to put him out of his misery. ‘If these criminals who you refer to as them are really so clever, they’re not going to risk the kind of headlines that come with taking out a journalist.’
Her phone started to ring and when she saw that it was Sally, she answered it quickly.
‘Are you ready?’ Sally asked rapidly. ‘Anna Roxburgh is going to meet us this morning.’
‘Great,’ Josie replied. ‘Pick me up at the Narbethong Inn. I’ll be waiting outside the reception.’
‘I’ll be there in twenty minutes.’
The call was over and Josie noticed that Mark was once again staring at her. ‘Relax, if all goes well, I’ll leave by the end of the day.’
‘That’s good to hear.’ Mark’s voice took a softer tone. ‘Don’t take it personally. You should feel a sense of accomplishment that you’ve taken it upon yourself to come out here. These days most journalists just phone in their questions from behind a keyboard. In fact, in the time I’ve been stationed in Healesville, you’re only the second journalist who has bothered making a visit.’
Josie glowered. ‘Who was the first?’
Mark was startled by the intensity of her voice. ‘Sorry?’
‘Who was the other journalist?’
‘Oh, I don’t think I can remember. She was young like you.’
‘Was her name Sofie Baxter?’
‘Yes, I think it probably was. Do you know her?’
‘No, I just saw her article.’
‘I got the impression she is ambitious. She spoke like a newsreader even when she was just ordering a coffee.’
Josie was repulsed by the thought of coming off second best to Sofie Baxter and her feel-good human interest stories. ‘I see,’ she replied churlishly.
‘I only glanced over her article myself,’ continued Mark, ‘but it was clear she wasn’t stirring up trouble with drug smugglers or the town council. In other words, she played it smart. She came on a daytrip, asked a few questions and went away to write her story somewhere else. She didn’t stay too long, and she didn’t drive too far into the Black Spur.’
Josie frowned. ‘I guess it’s just too bad for you that not everyone is so easy to please.’ She turned her attention out the window at the ice encrusted forest and mulled over the starkness of this lethal environment.  

Chapter 8

Following her departure from Mark, Josie went into the Narbethong Inn reception and put another night on her credit card. Then she went up to her room and collected her last change of clean clothes from the suitcase on her unslept in bed. She showered and dressed and went back downstairs to wait for Sally Barr. Out in the carpark, she was feeling surprisingly warm. Possibly she was getting used to the cold.
The familiar white KIA sedan pulled into the carpark and stopped beside her. Sally was in the driver’s seat and she looked drained, like she hadn’t slept either – or perhaps it was driving through the Black Spur that had done it.
‘You made it,’ Josie said as she got into the passenger seat. ‘How was the drive?’
Sally stared at her nonplussed and steered the car out onto the road. ‘Well, I didn’t think it would be possible, but you managed to take my mind off the road.’
‘How did I do that?’
‘I hear you spent the night in police custody.’
Josie was taken by surprise. ‘Who told you that?’
‘It’s a small town, Joselyn. So, did he tell you anything of interest or wasn’t talking on the agenda?’
Josie glared at her. ‘He was mostly just trying to convince me to leave town.’
‘Well, he had a funny way of doing that.’ Sally smirked wryly. ‘It would be none of my business if I hadn’t pulled a gun on a bikies gang and assured them you were merely a sweet, innocent girl looking to reconnect with nature.’
‘Do you think I’ve put you in danger?’
‘Speaking of such things, you’d better put on your seatbelt. I learnt this morning how to get through the Black Spur, and it involves driving very fast.’ Sally lived up to her word, taking on the mountain road with reckless abandon, accelerating through corners and paying other vehicles short shrift. She was leaving no margin for error, driving on the very edges of life and death, and it was making her feel closer to Jason, like he was in the car with her. It made her feel good.
Josie, on the other hand, was getting nauseous. ‘I’m glad I didn’t have breakfast before I got in this car,’ she remarked ruefully.
Sally was too absorbed in her driving to hear. They tore past the Melbourne-bound bus and Josie craned her neck upwards for a glimpse inside. The seats looked spacious and comfortable, and the scattering of passengers seemed to be relaxing into them without any cares. Josie tried to picture herself in amongst them and wondered if she would appear any different. She wanted to think the intensity in her eyes would somehow set her apart, would prevent her from being just another passenger. Hopefully, by the time she was ready to get back on the bus, she wouldn’t have to even give such things a second thought. 
Anna Roxburgh’s rundown weatherboard house was set amidst an acre of overgrown grass and weeds.  The wooden front fence was rotting and the letterbox was rusted and sitting crookedly on its post. In stark contrast to all this degradation, the white Honda hatchback in the driveway was in immaculate condition. It had been cleaned and polished to a showroom sheen from the roof to the tires. Walking passed it on the way to the house, Josie glanced inside and noticed rosary beads, Buddhist amulets and a Native American dreamcatcher hanging from the rear-view mirror. Clearly, this was someone looking for blessings.
The woman who came rushing out of the house immediately set Josie on edge. It was as much the contradiction in her appearance as the anxiety in her movement. The woman was trim and toned in her form-fitting active wear and yet her hair was prematurely grey and her face haggard, giving her the appearance of a geriatric fitness fanatic.
‘Is that Anna Roxbury?’ Josie murmured to Sally.
‘That’s right,’ replied Sally dourly. ‘She may have aged a decade or two in the past few months, but it’s definitely her.’
‘Stop there!’ Anna cried out at them, holding up a hand as she hurried onto the driveway. ‘Don’t come any closer!’
Sally stopped where she was and put her hands firmly on her hips. ‘Anna, you said it was okay if we came out to visit you. We talked about it on the phone last night. Don’t you remember?’
‘Yeah, I remember, but I’m not going to say a single thing to you in my home. I’ve had it blessed and purified by a Buddhist monk and I won’t let it get contaminated again by your bad energy.’ Anna pointed beyond her front picket fence. ‘We can talk about the Black Spur out on the street.’
‘Alright,’ said Josie, ‘wherever you want.’
Anna strode quickly ahead, down the driveway and across the road. She turned and waited for Josie and Sally to catch up. She was still very tense. ‘Have either of you got a cigarette? That’s another thing I don’t do in my house.’
‘Sure,’ said Sally, rifling deep into her handbag. ‘I keep them in case a client needs to steady his or her nerves before signing a contract.’ She held out the pack and Anna took one with a trembling hand. Once it was lit, Anna took a deep drag on it and exhaled slowly as though it were a yoga exercise. Her eyes fixed on Josie. ‘Is this the journalist?’
‘That’s right,’ replied Sally. ‘She’s come all the way from the Gold Coast for this.’
‘Really?’ Anna’s eyes flicked to Josie unimpressed. ‘You’re the third professional I’ve talked to about my experiences. The other two were a psychologist and a priest. They are ethically bound to secrecy. Reporters, on the other hand, want to tell the whole damned world.’
‘That’s if there’s something worth telling,’ gnarled Josie. ‘You were involved in a single car accident on the Black Spur. No fatalities or injuries to speak of. I’m not sure a publication could sell much advertising space around it, which is really all that my industry cares about.’
Anna’s mouth opened to speak but she hesitated. ‘It’s hard.’
Josie saw this as a promising sign. Usually the people who started blurting things out were the most prone to exaggerate.
‘It’s okay,’ Josie said. ‘Reporters are mostly interested in facts. If they happen to be embarrassing or compromising, we can discuss using an alias.’
Anna was still procrastinating, and so Sally added, ‘We talked about this, Anna. Bottling things in hasn’t been doing you any good. And you can’t keep doing Pilates three hours a day just to stop your head from bursting. Here’s your chance to get things out of your system. There will always be a few people who will ridicule you. But most people will take you a lot more seriously than you think.’
‘I’m not sure if I’m more worried that they won’t believe my story or that I will believe it. I think the only way I’ve been able to keep sane is by telling myself I must be going crazy.’
‘Five broken ribs, a broken arm, broken leg, cracked pelvis, kidney removed, concussion.’ Sally shook her head. ‘It’s going to have an effect.’
‘Alright,’ said Anna. ‘I’ll tell you what I think happened and you can put it down to concussion if you want.’
Josie started to record the conversation on her phone. ‘Ok, I’m ready.’
‘It was a warm night in November,’ Anna began. ‘I was driving home from a friend’s weekly poker night. There were a few things being smoked at the table and a few drinks being had, but I wasn’t involved with that. The police tests confirmed that. So, I wasn’t tripping when a freezing, white mist filled the car. It was so cold I wasn’t sure if I was shivering or convulsing. The mist was some form of evil apparition. I swear a skeletal hand wrapped around my leg and pressed the accelerator to the floor. I couldn’t move. For a moment I thought I had snapped and was trying to kill myself, but that didn’t make sense ‘cause I was fighting so hard to stay alive.’
She tried to take another puff of her cigarette only for it to spill from her fingers.
‘A face appeared in the mist,’ she continued in a constricted voice. ‘I couldn’t see my hands on the steering wheel.’ I tried to scream and it dived down my throat.’ Her lips caught upon her teeth as she tried to laugh. ‘What sort of fear is so bad that you take your hands off the steering wheel at one hundred and fifty kilometres per hour?’
Josie looked on fascinated. She had taken a couple of years of psychology at university and it was clear that this was an acute case of post traumatic stress disorder. ‘Is that when you came off the road?’ she prompted in case Anna was about to dry up.’
‘I guess. You don’t last very long on a mountain road when you’re not holding the steering wheel. I woke up three days later in St. Vincent’s Hospital with that shopping list of injuries. A year later and I’ve gotten so good at rehab I’ve graduated as a certified Pilates instructor. But the nightmares keep coming. Maybe I need to become a qualified psychologist as well.’
Josie shrugged. ‘Thanks for sharing your story.’
‘Did you believe any of it?’
Josie stopped the recording. ‘It’s thought provoking and I’ll certainly include it in the article. I think it’s better I change your name, though.’
‘You did a great job, Anna,’ said Sally. ‘I bet you’ll sleep well tonight.’
Anna half-nodded.  She headed back to the house with her shoulders stooped and a slight limp. Josie supposed they were both a result of the accident. ‘This town is sure messed up,’ she declared.
‘Would a journalist want it any other way?’ returned Sally dryly.
‘Of course not. I’ve got a story about serial killers, drug dealers and evil spirits. I feel quite spoilt.’
Sally watched Anna disappear quickly into her house. She knew she would be staring back at them surreptitiously from one of the windows.
‘Go easy on her in your article,’ she said. ‘Even if you change the name, the locals are going to know who it is. Try not to humiliate her.’
‘I understand. She might be nuts but it’s clear she believes what she says. I couldn’t say that for a lot of so-called sane people. It would help though if there was someone else who had had a similar experience.’
‘People who have survived driving off the Black Spur at one hundred and fifty kilometres per hour are a very exclusive club. In fact, it has a membership of one. If there is any truth to the killer fog, no one else has lived to talk about it.’
‘What about someone in a position of authority? Anna said she spoke to a priest.’
‘Yeah, but he’s not who you’re looking for. He’s a man of many words and few of them are to the point.’
‘Is there anyone who can give me a coherent quote?’
Sally smiled. ‘I know someone who might have something to say. And if she does, it's bound to be worth writing about.’
‘Can I speak with her today?’
‘I hope so. I’m looking forward to it myself.’

*

The New Sunrise Family Farm was situated at the bottom of an unnervingly steep dirt and gravel road. Although the name on the rainbow coloured sign appeared friendly and inviting, the concrete wall it was attached to was over three metres tall and wrapped the entire property. Surveillance cameras sat atop the corners of the wall with pointed intent, gazing out beyond the property like submarine periscopes.
Sally had gone about the ten kilometre drive from Healesville with her customary reckless abandon until she reached the farm’s entrance road, tentatively riding the brakes down gravel road’s steep decline.
‘Is something wrong?’ murmured Josie.
‘Yeah, to be honest, this is another place that gives me the creeps.’
‘I can see why,’ said Josie, leaning forward for a closer look at the towering wall, so out of place in the midst of a lush, vibrant forest. ‘There’s something not right about a farm with concrete walls – especially when it calls itself the Happy Farm. Is it a sanatorium?’
Sally chuckled. ‘You’re still just getting to know Healesville, aren’t you? The New Sunrise Family are a cult. Around two hundred members live inside those walls and lord knows what they get up to. Occasionally they turn up at the local thrift shops buying old clothes and bits and pieces. And they have stalls at the Sunday markets, selling their arts and crafts. But who knows what they really get up to.’
‘I think I may have heard of them,’ murmured Josie, thinking back to her strange conversation with Mark the previous evening. ‘Do you think they can help us?’
‘Perhaps one of them can. An old high school friend of mine.’ Sally was quiet a moment as she concentrated on parking the car on side of the road, perilously close to the ditch’s muddy fringe. ‘She’s been in there for seven years now. And I can’t say it surprises me that she joined a cult. She was always interested in witchcraft and the occult. She would sit alone in class with her heavy black eyeshadow and her long, painted nails and she wouldn’t talk to anyone except sometimes when she would ask teachers random questions about sexually transmitted diseases and genocide.’
‘Nice.’
‘Usually the strange kids like that would get seriously bullied. But everyone was too scared to mess with her. The only person without an aversion to her was Jason. He would try to make conversation with her whenever their paths crossed. All he really wanted to do though was get down her pants. He was always drawn to weirdos. I was sure at the time that he was going to dump me for her. In the end, she turned out to be too much of an oddball even for him.’ Sally stared at the heavy iron gate at the end of the road and added, ‘For a while there I really hated her.’
Josie felt her pulse quickening with expectation as she considered the addition of the local cult to the story. It would slip in so perfectly, the article was already starting to write itself. Josie would just need a quote from the cultist. If people in the New Sunrise Family Farm thought they could conjure spirits, Josie knew she could conjure a tagline.
‘Did you call ahead?’ she queried, hoping the hunger did not invade her voice.
‘I’m not sure they even have phones,’ murmured Sally. She took in a calming breath and opened her door. ‘Wait here.’
‘I’m happy to come along,’ Josie said urgently. ‘You look like you want some backup.’
‘No, you’d better stay here. A journalist would scare them off.’
Josie could see her point and clenched her hands into fists to still herself. She watched Sally circumspectly walk to the intercom by the gate. The index finger paused mid-air for an agonising moment before pressing the buzzer. Josie was fascinated by how timid the real estate agent had become. All the confidence and bravado she possessed while selling a house had evaporated, and exposed underneath was the grieving widow Josie had not been sure even existed.
Sally leaned closer to speak into the intercom. The conversation that ensued seemed all too brief and she returned to the car with a downcast look on her face.
‘No luck?’ Josie queried.
‘All good. We’re on for tonight.’
‘Tonight?’ The word stuck in Josie’s throat. If she were forced to spend another night in Narbethong, she would need to borrow some money from her parents. She would hate having to do that. ‘Can’t she talk with us now?’
‘She doesn’t want to talk with us at all.’
‘What?’
‘It’s Jason she wants to talk to.’
Josie needed a moment to absorb that. ‘A séance?’
‘She didn’t go into specifics. I suppose it must be something like that.’ Sally’s voice was shaky.
Josie scrunched up her face with misgivings. She wasn’t going to be able to credibly quote someone who formulated her opinions over an Ouija board. She might not even be able to mention the experience in the article at all. If she made herself appear a crackpot, the whole story could be laughed off with derision. For some reason, however, Josie couldn’t bring herself to say no. She knew there was a danger in becoming too attached to the story, of not being able to let go, but the allure of a supernatural angle was too tempting to ignore. If she left town now, there would be a gap she might regret. ‘She wants us to come back here at midnight?’ she queried probingly.
Sally shook her head. ‘There’s an abandoned house on Steel’s Creek Road. It has been on the market for over ten years and no prospective buyers. Not even someone wanting to knock it down and start again.’
‘Was someone murdered there?’
‘More than one. A whole family was wiped out. And then five years later a couple of squatters were found dead in the living room – discovered by neighbours when the smell became impossible to ignore. The police concluded that the two squatters had killed each other. Case closed.’ Sally started the engine. ‘My uncle-in-law may have squatted there too. It’s a bad place.’
She tried to drive forward but had inadvertently put the car in reverse. She slammed on the brakes just in time to avoid plunging into the ditch.
‘Are you alright?’ Josie muttered.
Sally was throttling the steering wheel. She shook her head. ‘Why would Penelope want to try contacting the dead in a place like that? I mean, the good spirits like Jason.’
It was the perfect opportunity for Josie to get out of the situation without losing face. She could simply agree with Sally and ask to be dropped off at the bus stop. Midnight conjuring with a cult member in a haunted house was not what she had come to Healesville for. All she had to do was tell them that. She looked to Sally ready to say it, but the words wouldn’t come out.
Sally was preoccupied changing gears and getting the car back onto the road. ‘I don’t care where she calls him,’ she said abruptly. ‘I miss Jason so bad I would speak to him whenever.’
Josie nodded sympathetically and let the moment slide.

Chapter 9

Josie had a sense of foreboding as soon as she saw the house up close. Its corners were too sharp and jagged and the darkness enveloping it too cold and grim. As Josie stood staring, trying to adjust her eyes, she felt her chest stiffening and her breath becoming uncomfortably shallow. The anxiety that had been simmering all day was starting to bubbling over. It was a nagging suspicion she would never again return to the Gold Coast, never again feel the warmth of its sunshine.
Sally, who was standing on the other side of the KIA, as though using it as a shield, did not appear any the more relaxed, her face taut and her hands clutched tightly together on the car roof.
‘I’m not surprised you can’t sell the place,’ muttered Josie.
‘Well, if you’re interested, I’ll do you a deal.’
Josie glanced at her watch. It was ten minutes past midnight. ‘Are you sure she is coming?’
  ‘I’m only sure I won’t be waiting long, so let’s see.’
A set of headlights were emerging in the distance. It was noteworthy as there had not been another vehicle along Steel Creek Road for the painfully slow five minutes they had been waiting there. As it neared, Josie could see that it was a small passenger van. She couldn’t help but hope that it would keep on going, but it didn’t. It pulled in neatly behind the KIA and a tall dark haired woman got out. Although she was short and slim, she carried herself with strength and confidence. She didn’t show any reservations for what was planned for the evening.
‘Hope I haven’t kept you waiting,’ she said. ‘I was clearing my head with meditation.’
‘We weren’t waiting for long,’ said Sally. ‘This is my friend, Josie. I mentioned that she is going to join us.’
Penelope looked at Josie with a long, penetrating gaze. ‘So, are you riding on the back of Sally’s journey?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Most people have no idea where they’re going in life and so they stagnate, drift and cling onto the journeys of those who do.’
‘I’m not like that. I know where I’m going.’
‘Fine then. But are you a sceptic?’
‘Sceptical of the supernatural? I’m not entirely sure, but I won’t get in your way.’
‘That’s not what I’m worried about. Non-believers are the least prepared when a visitation occurs. The fear and panic can be overwhelming. And when a person is overcome by fear and panic they are capable of anything. I was once in a room in which a possessed woman was completely overshadowed by the hysterics of one of the observers. She was screaming, thrashing around and smashing furniture, and we almost forgot about the poor woman who was possessed. And when someone has become occupied by a spirit from the dead, it’s not a good idea to ignore them.’
‘She’ll be okay,’ Sally assured. ‘But we’re both kind of freaked out by that house. Did we really have to come here?’
‘You’re right to be freaked out.’ Penelope stared at the house a protracted moment. ‘There’s a lot of disturbance inside it. And that’s why we’ve come here. If you wanted to go surfing, would you go where the waters were flat and calm?’
‘I guess not.’
‘When we enter the house, there’ll be no more chitchat. We’ll find a place to sit at the table and form a triangle with our arms.’
‘Not a circle?’
‘The Eye of God is contained within a triangle. Anyway, the important thing is that we have connection and openness. That’s what will draw spirits.’
‘I went into the house this afternoon to set things up. The table is in the living room with three chairs around it. It’s the centre of the house just as you requested.’
‘Good.’ Penelope took off her coat and placed it in with some care on the roof of Sally’s car. ‘Are you both absolutely sure you want to do this? The reason I’m doing it is because I know there is something different about this house. People say it is haunted with evil spirits but I don’t subscribe to the notion of good and bad spirits, that is way too simplistic. I believe there is a dimension beyond our reality into which our souls pass. I will attempt to send a signal into this dimension through deep meditation and telepathy. It may take hours to achieve or it may not happen at all. And there is no way to predict what form of message might be sent in return if a connection is made. It might be complete possession. Or possibly just in my writing hand. Keep calm no matter what. Connecting with the dimension beyond the known is extremely rare and the most beautiful experience you could possibly imagine. It is glimpsing our eternal soul.’
‘But do you think you can reach Jason?’ Sally asked in a pained voice.
‘I’ll try. Like I told you, this is a place of great turbulence. You are first time surfers heading to a shoreline of treacherous currents. You need to be prepared.’
Josie’s reservations had been replaced by a fascination. This might be worth writing about, after all. ‘We’re ready,’ she said.
‘How about you, Sally?’ asked Penelope. ‘Missing Jason may not be a good enough reason to do this. Sometimes I think people who are grieving are better off using a charlatan. At least fakers try to earn their money by making their spirits cooperative and the experience uplifting. What I’m offering is going to be raw and very real. If you let this other world into your head, you’re never going to be the same again.’
Sally took off her coat too and tossed it onto the car. ‘I’ve got nothing to lose. Let’s go.’
‘Very well. We’ll hold hands as we enter the house. We’re going to do this together.’
Josie snatched Sally’s hand on the other side to Penelope, wanting to use her as a shield, which was cold and clammy and with Penelope on Sally’s other side they walked into the house. Sally flicked on a flashlight and the narrow beam of light illuminated a bleak interior all but devoid of furniture. The creaking of floorboards under their feet was as unnerving as screams. Josie felt her body starting to shiver, the piercing cold far more extreme than the temperature outside. She noticed in the corner of her eye dark crimson blood splattered across the ceiling and wall. She gasped and pushed Sally’s flashlight that way. But there was nothing except patches of mildew on dull cream paint.
‘What is it?’ cried Sally.
‘I thought I saw something,’ Josie replied, trying to keep her voice steady. ‘I guess I was wrong.’
‘Well, you nearly gave me a heartache.’
‘Sorry.’
Penelope moved ahead through an open arched doorway into the living room. It was a grim, soulless space, empty apart from the old wooden table and three chairs that Sally had referred to. The chairs were all turned away, the sight of which caused Sally to virtually crush Josie’s hand in a reflex spasm.
‘Are you alright?’ Josie asked in a whisper as though concerned someone might overhear them.
‘I put the chairs under the table this afternoon,’ Sally whispered. ‘They’ve all moved.’
Josie opened her mouth to offer some plausible explanation or another but found herself swallowing a nervous lump in her throat. 
Penelope shushed her and placed the flashlight on the table and took one of the chairs. As she sat down, the beam of light momentarily flickered. She took out a small notepad and pen and held out her hand for the others to join her.
‘I hope the batteries don’t run out,’ Sally whispered as she sat down stiffly.
‘They’re recharged.’
Penelope waited until Josie was already seated. ‘Now clear your minds.’ Her voice sounded different, ritualistic. ‘Open yourself to whatever comes.’ 
 Josie knew she would be incapable of either of those things. She had a tendency to overthink things on a normal day, but now, summoning spirits in a house of death, her senses had never been more attuned. And with every grown and crack in the house striking her to the core, she doubted she could remain in a chair holding hands if anything weird happened. An orchestra of fear, vulnerability and doubt was in  within her and, as Penelope bowed her head in a deep concentration, time slowed to a standstill. Penelope’s breathing became annoyingly loud, like a drunken snore, compelling Josie to try blocking her ear with her shoulder.
Josie peeked out the corner of her eye at Sally, wanting to assess what kind of state she was in. She saw that her eyes were tightly shut and her head bowed as though absorbed in a prayer. Or perhaps she was attempting some channelling of her own. Clearly, she was invested in what was happening. It gave Josie pause. Quitting in a moment like this because of some annoying breathing and a lack of heating would not bode well for a career in investigative journalism. Josie needed to be able to tough out uncomfortable situations to see where they led. And, besides, she liked Sally; she couldn’t rob her of this chance to grieve no matter how bizarre it might have been.
Her attention was drawn back to Penelope as the breathing started to get even worse, descending into a shallow, rapid, irregular wheeze. It was terrifyingly unnatural and Josie started to worry that she was having some kind of seizure.
‘Are you alright?’ she called out, picking up the flashlight and turning it on her. Penelope collapsed onto the table, foaming at the mouth, her eyes grotesquely rolled up into her sockets.
‘Oh, my God,’ gasped Sally. She tried to pick her up with hands under her armpits. ‘She’s having an epileptic fit. Help me get her to the floor.’
Josie hesitated. She was no doctor, but there was something about it that didn’t seem like an epileptic seizure to her. ‘Be careful,’ she found herself muttering.
The words were barely out when Penelope manically sprung up, grabbed Sally by the throat and headbutted her viciously in the face. Her mouth twisted in a chillingly evil smile and went to headbutt Sally again. Josie lunged at her, striking her on the side of the head with the flashlight. Penelope tried to punch her away, but Josie grabbed her wrist and pounded her repeatedly on the same spot on the temple. Fuelled by adrenaline the blows got harder and harder and at last Penelope began to stagger, her hold on Sally’s throat slipping away. Josie shoved her to the ground and stood poised over her in anticipation of her coming again. Body humming, it scared her to realise she was ready to beat her unconscious if she had to. With Penelope’s hideously contorted face and searingly hateful glare, Josie only felt horror, disgust and disdain. She was struggling to even equate her as a person. Fortunately, Penelope stayed down, rolling into a ball and convulsing some more. 
Josie edged backwards to where Sally was propped against the wall, gasping to get her breath back.
‘Are you alright?’ she asked.
‘She’s lost her fucking mind,’ Sally managed to blurt out.
‘Yeah, I noticed that. Maybe we should leave her here. We can call an ambulance from the car.’
‘No, it’s my fault she’s here. I can’t desert her.’ Sally gingerly straightened herself up. ‘Help me get her outside.’
Penelope sprung up again and both of them shrieked back reflexively. Josie directed the flashlight beam onto her face and the wild snarl she was confronted with made it apparent that whatever had possessed her hadn’t gone away. Her eyes were lifeless and there was a cadaverous pallor to her skin. Like a fountain pen to an inkwell, Penelope dabbed a finger into the blood streaming down the side of her head and began drawing on the table.
‘Penelope?’ called out Sally, venturing a step closer. ‘You’re in a bad way. We’re going to get you outside.’
Penelope glanced at her with those evil eyes and bared her yellow teeth in a snarl. She started pummelling her own head against the corner of the table, ripping her forehead open and sending yet more blood streaming down her face.
‘Oh my God!’ screamed Sally. ‘We have to stop her!’
She dived upon her, trying to restrain her, and Josie followed. Penelope’s head was wobbling in a daze, her face shrouded in blood drenched hair. Josie craned her neck to check if she was still conscious and almost lost her nose as Penelope’s teeth viciously snapped at it.
‘What do we do?’ asked Sally, starting to break down.
‘Isn’t the zoo just down the road?’ muttered Josie angrily.
‘Stop it! She can’t help it.’
‘Let’s get her to the car. And don’t let go.’
‘Alright. But keep me talking, I think I’m going to pass out.’
‘Don’t do that,’ said Josie, doubting she would stand much of a chance against Penelope on her own. ‘There will be plenty of fresh air outside.’
‘Ok, let’s try.’ Sally was also bleeding profusely, Penelope’s headbutts having bloodied her nose and opened up cuts above her eyebrows.
Josie was disturbed by the sight of it, realising there was a real chance she could pass out. ‘One thing I can say about Penelope,’ she said, raising her voice, ‘as a medium, it would be hard to accuse her of faking it.’
‘You’re not even afraid, are you?’ Sally observed.
‘Don’t be so sure. If your nose wasn’t too busted to smell me, you might think differently.’
‘Do I look that bad?’
Josie glanced again at the blood spattered face on the periphery of the torch beam. ‘Penelope looks worse.’
‘Well, whoever she was channelling, it wasn’t Jason, that’s for certain.’
They reached the front door and Josie warily let one hand go of Penelope in order to open it. The hand, however, was too slippery with blood to grip the handle, forcing her to wipe it on Penelope’s back. At last she got the door open and a reviving gush of cold air hit their faces.
‘It’s something evil, that’s for sure,’ Josie finally replied.
Pushing Penelope across the porch, Sally abruptly vomited onto the back of her head. Josie cringed away with revulsion, desperately resisting the urge to let go. ‘Hold it together, Sally!’ she exclaimed.
But Sally had exhausted the last of her strength and her hands fell away. Josie had no choice but to assume complete control of Penelope. She dragged her roughly onto the front lawn and flung her to the ground. She remained standing there, ready to club her with the flashlight if she tried to get back up. Penelope made intimations rising, almost making it as far as her knees before receding into a curled up ball.
Josie waited a moment and ran to where Penelope’s jacket was flung across the roof of her car. She snatched it and pulled out a scarf she had noticed was neatly wrapped up in one of the pockets, and she hurriedly returned to the front lawn. Penelope, still motionless on the grass, was making some kind of munching sound. Josie shone the flashlight onto her to and reflexively dry-wretched as she saw that she had been gnawing her thumb to a bloody stump. Hair matted with blood and vomit and chewing at her own digits, Penelope was casting the most grotesque sight Josie had ever seen.
‘You didn’t bring your gun, did you?’ she muttered to Sally, who had draped herself over the patio railing like an item of clothing being hung out to dry.
‘I didn’t bring it,’ Sally replied. ‘And I wouldn’t use it on Penelope anyway. Whatever has gotten inside her, I’m not going to shoot her to get it out.’ She shakily hauled herself off the railing and staggered down into the front yard. ‘If I shoot someone, I want to know by the time the bullet reaches the heart it has got someone who deserves it.’ Suddenly noticing what Penelope had done to her thumb, however, she stopped in her tracks. ‘There’s a can of mace in the glovebox. I’ll go get it.’
‘Wait,’ said Penelope in a barely audible voice. She lifted her head up fractionally towards them. ‘I’m alright now. The possession has passed out of my body.’
‘What was it?’ asked Josie.
‘I’m not sure. The purest evil I have ever experienced. But I must have blacked out.’ She paused. ‘Just tell me I didn’t kill anyone.’
‘You took some handling. And you’ve chewed up your thumb pretty good. We have to take you to hospital.’
Penelope hesitated. ‘Tie up my hands before you put me in the car. That’s what you were going to do anyway, wasn’t it?’
‘The thought had occurred to me.’
‘So do it.’ Penelope sat up and presented her hands behind her back. ‘I can’t guarantee whatever inhabited me isn’t still there. Don’t take any chances.’
‘Alright, Penelope. Lie on your stomach.’
Penelope complied and Josie pinned her down with a firm foot on the centre of her back. She held out the scarf to Sally. ‘I’m not getting your puke on me. So, you can do the tying.’
‘Is that what stinks?’ muttered Penelope forlornly.
Sally took the scarf and moved into position above her. I’m sorry,’ she muttered meekly.
‘It’s all the more reason to make the knots as tight as you can,’ gnarled Josie. ‘And hurry up, I’m freezing.’
She watched intently Sally binding Penelope’s wrists together, taking the opportunity to catch her breath and mull over the insanity of what had just transpired. And, for some reason, there was one thing above all that piqued her curiosity. ‘What did you write on the table?’ she asked. 
‘What?’ muttered Sally.
‘I’m talking to Penelope.’ Josie raised her voice ‘Penelope, you gashed your head on the table and wrote something in blood. What was it?’
‘This is not the time,’ snapped Sally. ‘I don’t want you setting her off again while I’m right on top of her.’
‘Apologies,’ muttered Josie unrepentantly. ‘I thought that’s why we came here.’
‘I remember something,’ replied Penelope. ‘A man came to me.’
‘What?’
‘He was an old man. He was evil. He started yelling at me and entered my body.’ Penelope shuddered. ‘He got into my head and tried to take me over completely.’ She rolled onto her knees and vomited violently.
Sally glared ruefully at Josie. ‘Thanks for that. If you want to know what’s on the damned table, why don’t you go back in there?’ She finished tying her knot and rolled off Penelope onto the grass.
‘Not likely.’ Josie held out a hand. ‘Give me the car keys. I’m the only one who isn’t concussed, so I get to drive.’

Chapter 10

The Maroondah Hospital was an austere brown and cream brick building situated on the outskirts of Melbourne. At 2am, it had emerged as a grim, soulless monolith that was only slightly less foreboding than the abandoned house on Steel Creek Road. It had been a fast, unhampered sprint down the highway and Josie had taken it with gusto. She had relished her chance to at last be driving, to be behind the steering wheel and in control. She had turned the radio up loud and the heater onto high and imagined herself tearing through the bends of the Black Spur. She would have loved the chance to take it on right then, to experience its danger in its purist form: with a pressing need and in the bleakest of darkness. Circumstances, however, had compelled her to head towards the bright lights of the city.
Sally had propped her head up for a time to watch her driving and murmured, ‘Not bad, Josie. Why were you wasting your time taking a bus?’
‘It’s complicated,’ replied Josie vaguely.
With that Sally had retracted her head back down onto her shoulder and the conversation was over. Josie glanced at her two beaten up passengers in the rear-view mirror and she felt a pang of guilt, knowing that it was her fault they needed to go to hospital. She had been the conduit for them reaching out to the dark forces in that house. She was far from sure what precisely they had happened there, but the consequences were plain to see. And who knew what was still to come?
The hospital’s emergency department waiting room had marked the end of the journey, and Josie took an immediate dislike to it. Its bright white light was unforgiving on tired eyes and its atmosphere was morgue-like. Both Josie’s passengers were wheeled away and Josie was informed by the duty nurse that although Penelope would have to be admitted for surgery, Sally might possibly be allowed home after seeing the doctor. So she had found a spot in a back corner on one of the hard plastic seats and set about waiting. In the stillness, a fog of tiredness washed over her and time slowed to a trickle.
Now it was 4am and she was still there. On the wall-mounted television, a home shopping show was silently selling kitchen utensils to insomniacs. It reminded Josie of her lack of interest in ownership. Apart from a phone, a convertible car, and a downtown apartment, there was nothing she could own that would make her happy. It was the sex and sleep that made a bed. And it was the food and company that made a table. Josie’s inability to embrace consumerism had prevented her from accepting a job at her father’s advertising agency. Otherwise, she could have right then been sleeping in a comfortable bed in a nice house while her copy, with its half truths and false promises, played on TVs like this one. What she was doing now would only confirm her father’s dim view of her career direction. He saw news media as purely a place to carry ads and sell things and the news stories that involved pain and suffering were the ones that worked best. Taking on a career immersed in that was just asking for trouble, would lead to a lifetime of moments like these.
‘You’re still here,’ came a surprised voice from beside Josie, shaking her from her thoughts. She swivelled on her seat to see that it was Sally. She was looking much better than when she had been wheeled away by the ER nurses. Strips of plaster were covering the cuts and, although colour hadn’t exactly returned to her cheeks, they were not as pallid as they had been.
‘What else am I going to do for fun on a Monday night?’ Josie replied.
Sally chuckled. ‘I’ve shown you a good time, haven’t I?’
Josie’s voice wavered. ‘I’m still trying to make sense of what I saw tonight.’
‘Maybe we don’t want to know. Penelope  has always been a bit wired, but nothing can explain what she did to her head on that table.’
‘Except she’s in a cult. Haven’t you heard about Jonestown? Jim Jones brainwashed his entire congregation into drinking poison. Nine hundred people.’
‘Yeah, I know it, but that just required people to close their minds and open their mouths. One way or another, Penelope was fully possessed. I think she would have killed me if you hadn’t fought her off. I owe you for that.’
‘You’re alright then?’
‘I’ve been cleared of any serious concussion. Only if I’m experiencing dizziness or nausea in the next day or two would I need to go back to hospital. For the moment, I just have a headache and some cuts.’
‘That’s not too bad.’
‘It could have been a lot worse. Still, they won’t let me drive home, which makes me extra glad you’ve stuck around. I’m in no mood to deal with a nocturnal oddball driving a taxi.’
‘Have you heard any updates about Penelope? I daresay we’ll be leaving her behind.’
‘Yeah, she’s pretty smashed up. Fractured eye-socket, broken nose, concussion, cracked teeth, dislocated shoulder, and a severely lacerated thumb. They’re keeping her in ICU overnight and will run some more tests tomorrow to see if they’re missing anything. She’s likely to be in here for at least a few days, though that will also depend on where her head is at psychologically. Maroondah Hospital has a whole ward dedicated to mental health. You saw what she did to herself. She might need a stretch there.’
Sally paused as a couple of police officers walked through the waiting room with satchel folders in hand. She acknowledged them with a nod.
Once they had departed out the automatic sliding doors, Josie turned to Sally. ‘Did they talk to you?’
‘Yeah, and they tried to speak to Penelope as well. I’m not sure how far they got with her though. She was pretty out of it.’
‘They weren’t interested in me?’
‘They didn’t know about you. They asked if there were any more witnesses and I said no. And it was technically true because you weren’t a witness to the bullshit story I told them.’ 
Josie frowned. ‘Penelope might tell them a different story when they come back.’
‘If they come back. They didn’t seem terribly interested in what I had to say. And if they do come back and Penelope tries to tell them the truth, she’ll be wheeled across to the crazy ward for certain.’ Sally glanced pointedly at the wall clock. ‘Anyway, I have to work in a couple of hours and I really need to get some sleep. Ringwood Train Station is just down the road and the first service is in less than an hour. You could be in the CBD for breakfast.’
Josie dangled the car keys. ‘I’ve still got these, remember? I’ll drive you home and then I’ll collect my things from Narbethong. Maybe we can have breakfast in Healesville.’
Sally smiled. ‘As crazy as it sounds, all I’ve been thinking about the past couple of hours is a plate of bacon and eggs.’
‘That sounds perfect. Let’s go then.’

*

Josie and Sally walked out into the empty hospital car park and the night had not got any warmer. Even at this hour, there was traffic on the highway, though almost all of it was city-bound. Josie idly took this in as she helped Sally in the passenger seat; she then skipped around to the driver’s side and noticed the police car sitting in darkness on the other side of the car park. She made a point of putting on her seatbelt in an exaggerated movement and drove the KIA out the car park in a methodical, careful manner despite the traffic being held back by a red light. She was tensed all the while for the police car’s lights to start flashing and the handcuffs to come out. After all, her fingerprints were on the flashlight that had cracked open Penelope’s head. Even the possessed came under the protection of the law.
‘You’re sure you didn’t tell the cops about me?’ Josie asked bluntly.
‘No, I didn’t tell them that you fought off Penelope as she tried to strangle me,’ replied Sally, closing her eyes and easing her head back into the headrest. ‘I stuck to our story. I was walking with Pen in the darkness when we were jumped by a man. It was too dark to see who he was, but he was vicious. There’s actually as much truth in that version as any other version I know.’
‘Ok, thanks. I have to admit I was a bit worried.’
‘Like I said before, we got lucky. We went looking for something we shouldn’t have. Maybe we found it or maybe Penelope is a complete loony who was tripping on her own demons. Who knows what ten years in a cult really does to a person?’
‘And maybe you were too dazed by her headbutts to see how hard she was smashing her own head on the table. That’s not something any one can do on their own volition.’
‘You’d be surprised how mental illness can take over a person. The kinds of self-harm they are capable of is only limited by their imagination.’
‘If you believe that, start avoiding Penelope. She really was going to strangle you.’
‘Yeah, I’ll have to watch my back at the next high school reunion.’ Sally propped her body against the door. ‘Are you going to be alright if I get some sleep? I am absolutely cooked.’
‘Sure, go ahead. I’ll be fine. I’m not sure I’ll ever sleep again.’
‘I was like that when Jason died. I realised that we’re all just bodies orbiting the blackhole of death, getting sucked in closer and closer until its our turn to be consumed.’ Sally closed her eyes. ‘Wake me up if you need someone to talk to.’ Almost immediately she started breathing the heavy breaths of sleep.
It was a forty kilometre drive along the Maroondah Highway back to Healesville. Although the GPS on her phone was earnestly pointing the way, there was very little need to pay it any attention. Maroondah highway was going to take her all the way into Healesville, and from there, Josie remembered well enough how to get to Sally’s house. Despite it all, she was feeling upbeat about how the night had played out. As scared as she had been, she hadn’t panicked. It filled her with confidence. What could she ever face that was worse than this? It was nice to know she was real, she had credibility. She could interview anyone and look them in the eye.
The headlights caught a street sign saying that Healesville was five kilometres away. The town had come up much quicker than Josie was expecting. She glanced down at the dashboard, curious to see how fast she was driving, and it occurred to her it had been a while since she last checked. Before she could take in the number on the speedometer, a searingly bright light abruptly filled the car. Josie was forced to squint and strain to see the road ahead.
‘What the fuck?’ exclaimed Sally glancing out the rear window. ‘Is this guy for real?’
They were being tailgated by a truck with its lights on high beam. The truck stayed there for a long intimidating moment before pulling out wide into the opposite lane and powerfully accelerating beside them. Once there it held its line, its giant front wheel rumbling intimidatingly at head  height like a powerful creature able to devour them at will.
‘This guy is a real arsehole,’ snapped Josie, reducing speed and waving the truck on with a flick of her hazard lights.
But the truck slowed as well. It was locking itself into position alongside the KIA. This was definitely out of the ordinary.
‘Get away from him,’ urged Sally, realising something was very wrong.
Before Josie could react, the truck veered violently into the side of the KIA, sending it careering off the road and down a steep embankment. Josie pressed desperately on the brake while Sally screamed deafeningly in her ear. The car tipped into a wild roll, smashing through the barbed wire fence of a muddy paddock. Josie cried out in pain as her shoulder snapped and her head smashed against the side window. The intensity of the impact was like nothing she had ever before experienced, and it was only the activation of the airbag that saved her from even worse injury. 
The car finally came to rest on its roof amidst the paddock’s tall grass, though Josie’s head kept spinning for what seemed like another three car crashes before at last her senses began to return to a modicum of equilibrium. She found that she was pinned upside down in her seat, her shoulder throbbing with a sickly dull pain and warm, metallic-tasting blood filling her mouth and nostrils. She felt around for the source of the blood, locating a large flap of skin hanging loosely from her chin and cheek. Meanwhile, Sally was moaning dazedly, her voice seemingly coming more from the backseat, though Josie figured it was just the front seat relocated.
‘Sally, are you alright?’ she called out.
There was no response, the moaning continued. Josie tilted her head to the side to direct the blood away from her mouth and she set about trying to prise open her seatbelt. Almost instantly, a vicious pain in her right shoulder sent her recoiling backwards into her seat. The shoulder was clearly fractured and it had rendered her arm all but useless. She took in a long, deep breath to clear her head and slow her pounding heart. But what she got instead was an acute sense of impending danger. The trigger, she realised, was the sound of two people approaching through the grass on the other side of the car. Although she wanted to believe that this was assistance at hand, the slow, measured steps more resembled those of predators. She felt a chill as she recalled how the truck had sideswiped them off the road. There was no way it had been an accident. And maybe it was the people in the truck who were here now. 
Josie peered out through the far-side window and saw two flashlight beams calmly probing around  the car, sizing it up. One beam peeled away towards the rear and the other stopped by the front passenger window.
‘They’re still in the car,’ called out the nearer man.
‘I’ll cut the fuel pump,’ replied the other gruffly. ‘We’ll do ourselves some barbequing.’
‘Go for it.’
Josie desperately considered how she could fight back. She would need a weapon. Something that could inflict some serious damage. She recalled  Sally revealing she carried a can of mace in the glovebox. Or if she was even luckier, she might have brought that gun of hers after all. She reached out with her good hand to the glovebox handle and tried to squeeze. But she found that even this hand was too weak to generate even the slightest pressure. After a long, despairing moment, it fell impotently away. She tried shaking and clenching her fingers, trying to ignite some strength.
Suddenly, however, one of the flashlight beams probing outside the car abruptly shot inside and she became perfectly still. The circle of light crept across the front seats and settled onto Josie’s face with an inquisitiveness of pure menace. Cheeks drained of colour and streams of dripping blood helped camouflage her consciousness. She fought to keep herself loose, fearing all the while that a involuntarily spasm of muscle would give her away. After what seemed an eternity, the flashlight beam veered sharply away, locking onto Sally. The passenger window was then abruptly kicked in and the man with the flashlight crawled inside to be right up to her. ‘and who do we have here?’ he said in a taunting voice. ‘It looks to me like Sally Barr and her nosy reporter friend. Sweet, innocent looking women on the surface but underneath just a couple of dirty, scheming whores who like talking with cops about things that don’t concern them. So, in case either of you is still alive, you’re gonna get a couple of dirty-whore choices. The first is you stay here while we incinerate your car and you along with it. Or you can crawl out onto the mud and have your throats slit like barnyard turkeys.’ The man started to withdraw back out the car but paused. ‘On second thoughts, Sally, you should’ve known better than to rat on us, so you get the full treatment.’ He lunged at her, plunging the knife deep into her neck.
Josie shuddered in horror but quickly held herself still again. As grotesque as it was, she noted that Sally showed no reaction herself, no screams or resistance or even a spattering of blood. So, perhaps she was already dead. Josie hoped as much for her sake. The flashlight beam abruptly turned on her once again, leaving neck feeling unbearably exposed, like she was the next animal on abattoir conveyer belt. And yet she somehow doubted the man would come at her. It would be a messy and awkward business for him to reach that deep into the car with Sally bleeding out.  Especially as this was not a thrill killing, or at least was not entirely that, it felt like it would be too much trouble to go to.
And sure enough, the flashlight retreated away and the man headed out of the car. ‘Light it up, Beak,’ he ordered.
With a renewed strength in her hand, Josie clicked her seatbelt open. She dropped shoulder-first into the airbag, sending a teeth-shattering pain through her whole body. At least, her new position brought her closer to the glovebox, and this time she was able to open it. She immediately plunged a hand inside, all too aware that every instant she remained inside the car was heightening the risk of being incinerated alive. But there was no point making it outside only to be summarily slaughtered in the mud. She needed a way to defend herself, to at least give herself some chance of survival against two psychopathic killers. She hated being underestimated more than anything and now she knew these men thought of her as nothing more than Sally’s sidekick. Silencing a police informant was what this had been all about, and now the two killers were just cleaning up crumbs, removing witnesses. As Josie blindly rummaged through the glovebox, however, she realised it was full of cans of all shapes and sizes. She figured they were probably deodorants, perfumes, and hairsprays – the kind of products a busy real-estate agent might want to call upon as she travelled from client to client. Still, she desperately needed one of them to be something more potent and she needed to guess which one it was. She grabbed the largest of the cans for no other reason than it kind of felt like the can of mace she had back at home and she turned her attention to cajoling open the driver’s side door. The corner of the door was snagging the ground, forcing her to hammer at it with all her bodyweight. A bright flash of orange light suddenly engulfed the back of the car. The petrol outside the car had been ignited and the petrol inside the fuel tank would be an instant from igniting too. Josie frantically tried to squeeze through the gap she had made in the door. A primeval gasp of pain rose from deep within her as her broken shoulder snagged on the door frame. But she kept pushing forward, willing to leave her shoulder behind if she had to. And she was suddenly out free of the car and crawling across the soggy ground, her body tapping an innate capacity to push itself beyond any sane limits of pain. 
The car exploded in a fireball that scorched and tore at Josie’s back and slammed her face-first into the mud. She was left dazed, winded and broken and with a high-pitched scream reverberating inside her head. She knew it was now her time to be in a hospital, but if she couldn’t get away from those two men, it would more than likely be a cemetery. She braced herself for the pain and tried to pick herself up. She made it as high as her knees before the dizziness and fatigue took hold and prevented her from getting any further. She again resorted to crawling, unwilling to give up no matter how futile her resistance may have seemed.
‘Hey, look at that one!’ cried one of the men excitedly from the rear of car. ‘The slippery bitch got out!’ 
‘I’ll take care of her,’ came his accomplice,  striding towards Josie with large, purposeful strides and a knife in hand. ‘Come to papa, darling. I’m going to treat you real nice.’ The cold, flat evil in the man’s voice belied his lecherous gaze as he savoured the prospect of killing her up close and personal and maybe with a little rape thrown in.
Josie looked at him over her shoulder and turned onto her back. There would be no point trying to outrun him. She glanced down at the aerosol can she had retrieved from the car and her heart sank as she realised it wasn’t the mace she had been counting on but rather a can of starter fluid. Probably every car in these parts would carry it, but as effective as it might have been at starting a frozen engine in the long, cold winters at the foothills of the alps, it wasn’t going to be much use sprayed into someone’s face. Or would it? Josie frantically searched around for any fragments of burning wreckage, anything with a flame. She found just within reach a strip of smoking upholstery and she carefully picked it up. She blew gently at it to draw out its flame. She gazed back at the man approaching her with a feeling of pure hatred. He was tall and stocky and had a shaved head and bushy red beard. His knife was a long serrated hunting knife and the hand gripping it was wet with blood.
The man grinned with a euphoric bloodlust, not realising the danger he was now in. ‘Hello, sweetheart,’ he said without a shred of humanity in his voice. ‘No one gave you permission to leave the car. But watching how cute your little butt looks crawling around on the grounds makes me wanna give you a send-off before I throw you back into the car. You’re gonna burn with a belly full of tadpoles swimming inside of you.’
Josie didn’t need to hear this to already have all the motivation she needed. She let him take another couple of steps closer before springing up onto her knee and bringing together the aerosol can and the flame. The starting fluid’s mixture of hydrocarbons and diethyl ether transformed the can into a powerful flamethrower. Josie directed it at the man’s face and the flame consumed him. Screaming in agony the man staggered and fell backwards as he tried to shield his face with his hands. Josie got onto her feet and followed him, not letting up as the brutal flame continued to flow. It was only the fear of a gun in the hand of her accomplice that caused her to turn and run. Otherwise, she would have remained standing over the man until the can had run dry or he had been completely cremated.

Chapter 11

Josie had found a position in her chair that didn’t hurt so much: Tilted to her good side with her feet resting on a footstool and her head buried in a satin cushion. It also helped that the chair was in the line of the mid-morning sunshine angling in through the hospital room’s high window.
Josie had returned to the Maroondah Hospital, now as an in-patient. Unlike Penelope, she had a room of her own. And there was a police officer standing outside her door. She wasn’t sure how she felt about the police presence: she especially wasn’t sure if it was there to keep people out or to keep her in. She had tried to find out from the medical staff who had come to attend her, but they were invariably too preoccupied with what they were doing to reply. Perhaps their frostiness was attributable to also having to tend the man she had applied the flamethrower to. That wouldn’t be a pleasant task. Josie had really done a number on him. And although he may have had it coming, Josie wondered if there was something wrong with her that she had been able to go through with it. At least the medical staff seemed to be giving her the benefit of the doubt. Over the two days she had been in the hospital, the medical team had only been interested in her physical health, no one resembling a psychiatrist had come in to probe her for signs of schizophrenia or psychopathic tendencies. 
It was nearing midday and Josie was feeling hungry. To that point she had been permitted little in the way of food as an anaesthetic from the previous day’s operation was given time to wear off – nothing more substantial than yoghurt, orange juice and painkillers. The hope of solid food drew Josie’s attention sharply upward as someone busily entered the room. Realising it was a police officer, however, her head slumped back into its cushion. Trepidation supplanted her hunger pangs; she wasn’t particularly confident the law would condone her use of starter fluid.
The police officer seemed to sense her reservations and chuckled. ‘You really struggle with good advice, don’t you?’
Josie recognised the voice immediately and looked into the man’s eyes: it was Constable Mark Galvino.
‘Oh, it’s you,’ she said. ‘So, am I in trouble?’
Mark took position in the centre of the room; uncertain of what to do with his hands, he settled for placing them somewhat awkwardly on his hips. ‘A good question,’ he muttered. His voice sounded anxious as though he was wondering if he was in trouble himself.
Josie wasn’t about to cut him a break with some kind of reassuring smile. It was more than likely he was questioning the wisdom of having slept with a woman who turned out to be capable of blowtorching a man with an aerosol can, but that was his problem. ‘That’s why I’m asking,’ she said.
‘Well, it’s all relative. Clearly for you it could have been worse. Not many people who get on the wrong side of Tom Dez live to say that, if you know what I mean. You were lucky, Josie.’
‘Is he still alive?’
‘I didn’t come here to provide you with medical updates. You’d better get dressed – you’ve just been discharged.’
‘Discharged into your custody?’
‘It’s true I’m here in an official capacity, but not to arrest you. At this stage we are going to need a statement and to ask a few questions back at the station. We’ll go out the side exit to avoid the media. You’re quite the sensation at the moment.’
‘In a good a way?’
‘The definition of self-defence in common law is using reasonable and proportional force against an attacker. In normal cases, burning someone’s face off with a spray can would hardly qualify, but in the court of public opinion you at least seem to be doing very well.’
Josie craned her neck in an attempt to peer down through the window at the front entrance. Really? I would have been satisfied with one or two hardcore feminists.’ She fluttered one of the pink slippers she wearing. ‘A support group for the victims of domestic violence sent me these. Isn’t that sweet?’
‘They suit you. But mostly I am glad that no doting boyfriends have made a bedside appearance.’
Josie raised her eyebrows. ‘I thought you said you were here in an official capacity. Anyway, it’s clearly a good thing I wasn’t relying on you for my slippers.’
‘You can keep wearing them if you want. But you might at least want to change out of your hospital gown before we go to the station.’
Josie used her good arm to haul herself out of the chair. She brushed away Mark’s hands as he tried to assist her. ‘You can stand outside with the other police. I’ll be there in a minute.’
Mark walked to the door and paused. ‘I hear that no family members have visited you either. Have you even told them you’re here?’ 
Josie shrugged. ‘Why bother? Let the media tell them their little girl is all grown up.’

*

Josie sat in the backseat of the police car, gazing idly at Mark in the driver’s seat as she wondered what it would have been like to be in hot pursuit of someone. As it was, the car was benignly tethered to the traffic as they made their way back to Healesville. The sight of the police car was causing other drivers to stay below the speed limit, which in turn was keeping the police car stuck behind them. It was a vicious cycle. And even worse, it was just another charade, another piece of phoniness. Josie thought back to Penelope cracking her head open on the corner of the table and it occurred to her if that it had been a fake possession, at least it showed commitment. And if it hadn’t been fake, how could her world ever be the same again?
Mark glanced at her in the rear-view mirror. ‘You haven’t put on your seatbelt.’
Josie shrugged. ‘Call it trust.’
‘Call it illegal.’
‘You can add it to the charge sheet, Constable Galvino.’
‘If there is going to be a charge sheet, it wouldn’t even crack the top ten. But that’s not what I’m here for. In fact, now that we’ve got some time alone, there’s something in particular I want to discuss with you.’
‘Now you really are starting to sound officious.’
‘That’s odd you should say that because this is about as far from being official as you can get. I suppose being a tad green, you probably won’t have had a conversation like it before. And if you mess this up, you won’t have one like it again. Police have longer memories than any sentence a judge would care to impose.’
Josie was unimpressed. ‘So, you’re saying you want to talk off the record?’
‘That’s right. And don’t take it lightly. Secrets can crush people under their weight. Most people betray them long before that happens.’  
‘Can’t you tell by now I’m pretty good under pressure?’
‘Yeah, now that you mention it, I’ve noticed.’ 
They came to a stop at a red light and took the opportunity to look at Josie directly from around the headrest. ‘I’ve been sent to talk with you by some people in a taskforce even the police commissioner herself doesn’t know exists. Don’t ask for names, on or off the record. It’s enough to know they have been on the trail of Tom Dez and his associates for a very long time.’
Josie was a little more attentive now. ‘What’s on their minds?’
The traffic lights turned green and Mark eased the car back into motion. ‘Whether Dez lives or dies is not going to matter now,’ he said into the rear-view mirror. ‘His eyes have been burned out of his skull and his control over his band of thugs is finished. Being taken out by a young female journalist, in his circles, is almost as bad as ratting to the police.’
‘So, what’s the problem?’
‘He has a partner who won’t being go away so easily. A blood brother. He is the reason there was a police officer guarding your door.’
Josie felt her throat tighten as she was reminded of the moment she was trapped upside down in the car, watching Sally’s neck being cut open. ‘Was he the other man who attacked us?’
‘I would bet money on it.’
‘What you’re supposed to do is arrest him.’
‘That’s why we’re talking. To take him into custody, we’re going to need a case that will stand up in court.’
Josie frowned. ‘So, what’s the problem?’
‘When we first picked you up at that farmhouse after the crash, we asked if you had seen the second man. Do you remember that?’
‘Yes.’
‘And you said you hadn’t.’
‘That’s right.’
‘Well, we’re going to need your victim statement to say something different.’
‘You want me to lie that I saw this man?’
‘His name is Rodney Swan. He is known on the streets as Beak – owing to his crooked beak of a nose. He has been convicted of manslaughter on two occasions, but that was just defence lawyers muddying the waters and earning their exorbitant fees; he is a murderer plain and simple, and he knows exactly what he’s doing when he kills. Dez and he were a very tight unit and they made it clear to the underworld if one of them was taken out, the other would exact bloody revenge. When hard felons like these make a pact like, they become duty bound to follow it through; otherwise, they are fatally diminished. That means you and your family are in significant peril.’
‘So, you want me to put him away?’
‘There are no other witnesses to place him at the crime scene. No forensic evidence. And I wouldn’t count on a confession. If you don’t step up with this, he’s more than likely going to walk.’
‘You must have picked up some DNA in the vehicle they were driving.’
‘Although it’s still early days in the investigation, I think you’ll find he’s been quite conscientious about not giving us the means to put him back in prison. The truck they were driving has been found burnt out in Sherbrook Forest. The number plates and bulbar have been removed, so we may not even be able to prove it was used in the crimes let alone connect Beak to it. Any case we put together is going to have to centre around the victim statement. We wouldn’t be having this conversation unless it was absolutely necessary.’
‘And yet I wonder how often the police have these kinds of conversations about people they want to put away.’
‘This is the first time I’ve done it,’ retorted Mark adamantly. ‘And I made sure I was clear about the reasons before I did. It’s about what might happen to you. And it’s about what happened to Sally. You can see the risks she was taking in talking to us about them.’
‘So, you’re finally admitting that she was an informant. But how would she even be associating with people like that?’
‘Her husband moved in those circles. By no means on the same level as Dez and Beak. And maybe not in criminal enterprises at all. As far as we know at this stage, their main point of contact was playing pool together at the local pub. They did this up to two or three times a week.’
‘Pool?’ Josie was dubious. ‘Are you sure Sally wasn’t fucking one of them?’
‘That’s the kind of curiosity that has gotten you into this trouble. Everyone at the stations is very impressed with how you took out Tom Dez. But I’m not sure anyone would put money on you repeating the dose with Beak. He won’t be playing around next time.’
Josie thought for a moment. ‘So, what would you do if you were me? Lie that I saw the guy?’
‘Not quite. I would bend the truth to say I saw the guy. Surely they teach you that in journalism school.’
‘I don’t even know what he looks like.’
‘I’ve got a picture. It’ll be the same as the one in the photo-line up. Just to avoid confusion.’
‘Wow, really? I can only hope I’m never on the wrong side of the law.’
‘Now would definitely not be a good time to start.’
‘Is that a threat?’
‘You’re in the bad books of a homicidal maniac. You’d better worry about that for now.’
Josie looked out at the rural scenery outside the car; she had made the journey to Healesville often enough now that she was starting to recognise features: houses, paddocks, fences, road bends. And she could tell from what she was seeing around her that Healesville was about 3 kilometres away. She had missed the spot where the ambush occurred. She was glad about that.
‘What if Beak wasn’t the accomplice?’ she said, her mind turning over. ‘That person is going to get away with it. He’s the one that blew up the car.’
‘We wouldn’t be able to get that person anyway. There’s simply no evidence. Beak is the only suspect and although he hasn’t had to answer for most of the things he has done, you can make him answer for this one.’
Josie thought for a moment. ‘Alright, I’ll do it on one condition.’
‘What’s that?’
‘While I’ve got some police protection, there is a small detour I need to make.’
‘A detour?’
‘Yeah. There’s something I need to check out. It won’t take long.’
Mark sighed. ‘Where?’
‘An old house on Steel Creek Road.’

*

Josie hadn’t noticed the For Sale sign the previous evening. Standing crookedly just behind the front picket fence, the sign was weather-beaten and faded and appeared almost as old as the house. Josie looked past it to the house itself and felt a cold shiver as the events of the previous night came flashing back in her memory. It occurred to her that it would be better to burn the house to the ground than let some poor, unsuspecting family move in. Hopefully the article she was going to write would serve the same purpose. She would try to ward people away.
Penelope’s van was still parked on the road out the front and it occurred to Josie that she had neglected to enquire about her before she left the hospital. She wondered if she had already been discharged and had lost the nerve to come pick up the van. It would not have been surprising if her mind had been even more damaged than her head by what had gone on in that house.
‘That’s the house,’ Josie said to Mark. ‘Just park somewhere here.’
‘I know the place,’ replied Mark circumspectly, parking the police car on the unmown roadside. ‘Prem Sieber used to squat here. Sleeping by day and roaming the town by night. There is also talk that he brought some of his victims here. But we haven’t been able to find any evidence of that.’
‘So, you’ve been inside before?’
‘No, that investigation was before my time in Healesville.’
‘You might as well turn off the engine because you’re getting your chance now.’
‘Do you have permission? This is private property. Just because the house is unoccupied doesn’t mean it won’t be breaking and entry.’
‘Aren’t you the one asking me to be a lawbreaker? Or is it just the laws that suit you?’ Josie got out of the car. ‘Anyway, the front door is unlocked.’
Mark turned off the engine and joined her on the nature strip. ‘Why are you so interested in that house, anyway? Is there someone inside?’
‘Not that I know of.’
‘Then why do you need police protection?’
‘Because it seems to be the way in this town. And, anyway, I’m your star witness in a major drug smuggling case. You should be wanting to keep me close.’
Mark was unconvinced. ‘Whatever you’re up to I just hope you don’t turn out to be one of those backstabbing journalists looking to exploit and sensationalise anything they think will make a buck. Healesville is full of good people whose livelihoods depends on tourism. You could do a lot of damage here.’
‘Relax. If I had been that kind of journalist do you think I would have come investigating traffic accidents in a nowhere town like this?’
‘I don’t know,’ replied Mark. ‘But what could you possibly hope to find in that house that’s connected to traffic accidents?’
‘I’m not sure of that myself. Like I said, there’s just something in there I need to check out. And after that, you can show me the picture of the person you need help putting in jail. Is it a deal?’
Mark puckered his lips. ‘Alright, let’s do it.’
Josie headed across the front lawn and Mark followed a step behind, edgily eyeing the windows for movement with a hand hovering over his service revolver. ‘You’re sure there’s no one in there?’ he queried.
Josie glanced back at him. ‘You seem nervous.’
‘That would be understandable given what’s happened to all your other acquaintances. It could be best described as carnage.’
‘But you’re a big, strong policeman.’ Josie moved across the porch to the front door. She gave the door a tentative push and it creaked slowly open. ‘See, I told you it was unlocked.’
Mark glanced tentatively into the house’s dark interior ‘Ladies first,’ he said with an ushering hand.
‘Naturally.’ Josie strode into the house, moving quickly to help quell her own nerves. Having the house’s layout scorched into her memory, helped her navigate where she was going. As she headed down the narrow passageway towards the living room, a bloodcurdling scream shattered the silence. She recoiled backwards onto Mark’s toes, and he held out his hands to grab her. ‘Are you alright?’ he asked.
‘Did you hear that?’ Josie gasped.
‘Hear what?’
Josie paused. The scream had gone in an instant and it left her doubting herself. Maybe she was losing her mind. ‘Don’t worry.’ She pushed herself forward again. She reached the arched doorway of the living room and stepped gingerly in. Her legs threatened to buckle as she noticed a trail of blood on the floor where a pummelled Penelope had been dragged away. The sight triggered a flood of sensations: The coldness on her skin, the screams in her ears, the taste of fear in her mouth. They threatened to overpower Josie, to smother her. She pushed herself forward into the room, traced the blood trail to a corner of the sharp-edged table in the centre of the room, desperate to find the  answer to the question that had been nagging at her since that night: what had Penelope written onto the table in her own blood?
Upon the table’s light brown oak, the rust-red scrawl was clearly discernible and yet it took a long moment for Josie to register what she was seeing. 81 had been scrawled in large, bold numerals. It meant nothing and a wave of disappointment overcame Josie. She realised she had been hoping it would be Prem Sieber’s name or something just as sensational. 
‘What’s happened here?’ queried Mark, earnestly taking in the scene. ‘Is this a crime scene?’
‘No,’ muttered Josie bitterly. ‘It was just a girl’s night out.’

*

Detective Sergeant Pummel of the Homicide Squad stared at Josie across the table in the police station’s interview room. He seemed a particularly serious man, someone who it would be difficult to ascribe a hobby to or to imagine doing frivolous things such as turning on a television. This was a man who existed on the earth to solve crimes. That might have explained why he had seemed to be savouring every question he put to Josie and why he was asking them in four or five different ways. Sure he was trying to see if she stumbled and her story began to unravel, but this was the perseverance of the truly committed.
The interview had already dragged on for over three hours and Josie was hungry and her shoulder throbbing as the morning round of drugs wore off. The bright white light of the interview room wasn’t helping her feel any better, her eyes stinging and her head starting to ache. She would have loved nothing more than to step outside and fill her lungs with fresh air. Still, she assumed the opportunity to breathe fresh air was precisely what was at stake. She had been informed by Pummel that Tom Dez had died that day and she was walking him through why she had done it.
‘It’s clear to me,’ said Pummel once she had finished, ‘we have two options. The first is to accept that you had no alternative other than to kill the man who was about to harm you. The other option is to prosecute the case in a court of law and allow a jury to decide. Don’t be fooled by the body-pierced fan club sending you flowers. They won’t make it onto the jury and they don’t represent a cross-section of the community.  You won’t be contesting that you brutally attacked your victim, just that it was self-defence. That’s going to be a struggle to prove.’
‘Why?’
‘Juries require evidence. And a lot of the evidence you would need to support your case was destroyed in the fire. Sally’s body was too badly burned for the coroner to conclude that her throat had been cut. And similarly the car was too badly burnt out to ascertain that the fuel line had been cut. That’s half your case gone right there.’
‘That is precisely what Dez was trying to do. He wanted our deaths to appear accidental or at the very least random.’
‘You may very well be right about that. And the unintended fallout of that is your act of self-defence could easily be mistaken for cold-blooded murder.’
‘I’m sure he didn’t intend it,’ snapped Josie, having to work harder than ever to keep her cool.
Pummel’s face remained devoid of humour despite a fleeting smile. ‘For instance, whose to say Beak and Dez weren’t merely attempting to render assistance at the scene of an accident when you jumped them in a fit of wild rage? That rage might account for the crash in the first place – maybe you attacked Sally while she was driving, forcing the car off the road.’
‘No one would believe that.’
‘It’s an alternative version. And when juries are provided with two paths, it can be difficult predicting which one they’ll take.’
Josie knew Detective Pummel was trying to intimidate her but it didn’t mean she could dispel what he was saying. She had always been fascinated by innocent people being wrongfully sent to prison for crimes they hadn’t committed – and the longer the time they were locked away the more interesting their stories became. Sometimes it was as bad as decades and decades. Josie would need to walk a fine line between not letting herself get pushed around and not provoking police and jurors into adding her to that list.
‘The problem you have,’ she said, ‘is that you are going to have to believe one of us. You can’t charge us both with attempted murder.’
‘That’s not entirely true,’ replied Pummel. ‘Even if a jury accepts that you acted in self-defence they can conclude that you used excessive force. That would bring a manslaughter conviction.’
‘So, is he dead?’
‘Not while the machines are plugged in. But his next of kin, a less than sympathetic sister, has been occupying her time arranging for as many body parts as possible to be donated to science. So, I daresay he doesn’t have long.’
Josie resisted the urge to ask for a lawyer. That would be the first step in becoming a victim. And, even worse, she would need her parents’ help to pay for one. ‘Well, if you lay charges against me,’ she said, ‘you would be undermining your key witness.’
Pummel paused. ‘Is that what you are?’
‘That’s what you need me to be. But I won’t be as forthcoming if I’m being treated like a criminal.’
Pummel put his hands together on the small white table that separated them. ‘So, in your statement you said you saw the other man?’
Josie detected a faint trace of circumspection in his voice. Possibly he was the one who had put Mark up to colluding with her. ‘That’s correct,’ she said.
‘Do you consent to participating in a virtual line up?’
Josie nodded. ‘Alright, sure. It’s not a face I’m going to forget in a hurry.’
‘Very well. While I arrange it, would you like a tea or a coffee?’
‘An almond milk latte, please.’
Pummel got up from the interview table and growled, ‘This is not a café, Ms McMullan.’
Josie followed up him out of the interview room, wondering what it would have been like living in his household and if anyone had managed it. Mark was waiting just outside with a concerned look that couldn’t have been a greater contrast and Josie had to resist the urge to put her arms around him.
‘Have you been there the whole time?’ she queried.
‘Someone has to stand watch,’ he said playfully. ‘We can’t let people with such violent dispositions be left unwatched.’
‘Well, you may need to keep watching me if I finger this mad bikie as a killer.’
Mark smiled thinly and held out an ushering hand. ‘After you.’
In the police station’s back office, Pummel had taken a seat at a desktop computer that was just booting up. ‘This virtual line up is going to be admissible in court,’ he said, ‘which means it will be filmed and recorded. And any false testimony will be prosecutable as a contempt of court. So, if you are going to identify someone as a suspect, you’d better be sure.’
Josie nodded, her eyes flicking back to Mark. ‘Let’s do it.’

Chapter 12

Josie’s thoughts were drifting as lightly and easily as the inflatable bed on the expansive, gloriously warm swimming pool. Mostly, she was mulling over whether she preferred this pool to the one at her parents’ home on the other side of the Gold Coast. It would be hard not to. Nestled in a verdant tropical garden, large and dense enough to block out the tall perimeter walls, it offered a convincing illusion of paradise. So did the property’s luxurious double-storey house. It was a neo-modern block design with gunmetal grey rendering and insular slit windows set in opaque dark green glass frames. Designed by the renowned Swedish architect, Over, it had been described in the magazines as agreeably cutting-edge contemporary. What Josie liked best was that everything had been made available for her own exclusive use. She could stroll the gardens, bubble away in the spa, or bunker down in the lavishly furnished house. It was an idyllic way to recover from her injuries and she had been making fast progress. She had regained much of the movement in her shoulder and the gash in her chin had almost completely healed. And all the while she had been plotting out the article she was intending to write. Her words had become a valued commodity and so she wanted them to make sure she did it right. Who knew where the story had the potential to take her: book deals, screenplay options, speaking tours? As callous as it might have been, Josie knew it had worked in her favour that Dez had not survived his injuries. Having a blinded, hideously disfigured man haunting the city would likely have eroded her popular support. There would have been blood on her hands and a victim to sow the seeds of doubt in those who wanted to cheer her. But with him gone it would only be her story they would be telling.
Josie was interviewing herself in her head when her mobile phone began ringing from one of the deckchairs. She awkwardly paddled across the pool, trying to pick up speed without aggravating her shoulder. She tipped herself out of the inflatable bed onto the pool steps and grabbed the phone just in time before the voicemail kicked in. She saw that the caller was Jenny Contilli and brought the phone to ear. ‘Hello, Jenny.’
‘I’ve been ringing the front doorbell,’ Jenny said.
‘Come around back. The gate is open.’ 
‘You’re in the pool, aren’t you?’
Josie cut the call and quickly returned to the inflatable bed, pushing herself out to the centre of the pool as though using it as a moat. 
Jenny Contilli entered the backyard with a purposeful stride and intense gaze. Her thick black hair was pulled back in a bun and she was wearing an impressive brown business suit and blue blouse. ‘You shouldn’t be leaving the gate open,’ she said admonishingly. ‘You’re the star witness in the murder trial of a gangland killer. Believe me, you don’t want any uninvited guests creeping around your home. Beak himself was picked up at the Victorian border heading this way.’
‘No one would think to look for me in a place like this,’ replied Josie, stretching out to show how relaxed she was feeling. ‘I still find it hard to believe it’s me that’s living here.’
Jenny stopped by the deckchairs and couldn’t quite bring herself to sit down. ‘Apart from Laura, who else knows you’re here?’
‘Only you. And I feel I can trust you if only because I’m worth more to you alive than dead.’
‘You won’t be worth much at all unless you write something. There have been offers from the big media outlets and they’ve got money to spend.’
‘Will it pay for a place like this?’
Jenny smirked wryly. ‘That all depends on you. An article might earn you a deposit. But a book optioned into a Hollywood movie might just get you the keys.’
‘Good to know.’
‘But if I was to answer that as a journalist rather than your literary agent, I would say just tell the story that is there to be told, in its purest form. I’m sure you have it in you, but what I see here concerns me. This is the second time I’ve dropped in here and both times I’ve found you floating around the pool. There are no journalists that spring to mind who won a Pulitzer Prize lazing about a damned pool.’
‘I’m pacing myself.’
‘I suggest you don’t. Once the trial is over, all being well, there will no longer be any impediment to you publishing. And interest in your story will peak. I’ll be aiming to start a bidding war for exclusive rights and access. But, for the serious dollars, the editors are going to want a big taste of what they’re paying for.’
‘To be honest, I’m still not entirely sure myself what they’ll be getting. I’m meeting an expert in the occult later this afternoon whom I’m hoping will shed some light on one or two questions that have been nagging at me.’
Jenny was startled. ‘Did you say the occult?’
‘An ex-member of the New Sunrise Family Farm.’
‘I get that you’re the investigative journalist in all of this and my role is merely to sell your work but, as you pointed out, I do have a vested interest in saving you from yourself. So, let me give you a piece of advice. Don’t get so immersed in the story that it becomes about you. I’m worried that it might already be too late for me to tell you that.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I don’t see it nearly so positively that an enigmatic billionaire is giving you free use of one of her mansions. Laura Soyne will use this little piece of philanthropy to further her own media profile and push whatever crazy radical cause is in her head at the time. And, whether you like it or not, you have bound yourself to her. Guilt by association.’
‘But she hasn’t even told anyone I’m here.’
‘Not yet. After the trial, it will be a different story. You’ll never be able to control what someone of her wealth and power says or does and now she has skin in the game.’
Josie looked away. ‘I was having a nice time before you arrived.’
‘Reality can have that effect if you’re not careful. This story has almost gotten you killed and so far you have nothing to show for it.’ Jenny waved a dismissive hand at the swimming pool. ‘This is just a mirage.’
‘Alright, after I’ve talked to the cultist, I’ll start writing something.’
‘Good. The trial starts next week and it probably won’t last longer than a week. As soon as the verdict is in, we need to have a product to sell. If you don’t, there will be a whole battalion of do-nothing journalists ready to fill the void. And don’t expect them to be flattering in the way they depict you. They will be jackals feeding on your dead carcass.’
Josie smirked with her exuberance. ‘Ok, I get the point.’
‘Good, because I drove all the way out here to tell you that.’
‘Well, I’d invite you to cool off but I have to get ready for the cultist. The appointment is for three o’clock.’
‘Where are you meeting him? Somewhere public, I hope. Who knows what twisted thoughts are going on in the head of someone like that?’
‘Actually, the exact location hasn’t been decided yet. He wants me to call once I’m on the way to find out.’
‘That sounds dangerous. He could be luring you into a trap.’
Josie shrugged dismissively. ‘I don’t think it’s that. He’s a courier by day and a bartender by night. Expertise in the occult is not a very marketable skillset.’
‘Well, let me know as soon as the meeting spot is confirmed.’
‘I will.’
‘What’s his name?’
‘Jeremy Raynes.’
‘I’ve never heard of him. Are you sure he’s an expert? Where did you dig him up from?’
‘He has published two books on the subject. I doubt he has sold many copies though; it took an investigative journalist to track them down.’
Jenny continued to look at her circumspectly. ‘I’m heading back into the city if you need a lift.’
‘Thanks for the offer, but the house comes with a Mercedes Benz convertible. It’s sitting in the garage and Laura has asked that on the days I venture out of hiding to turn the engine over.’ Josie smirked deviously. ‘If I am going to take flak for my association with Soyne, I might as well enjoy myself doing it.’
Jenny rolled her eyes. ‘I daresay I was like that once, seeing risk as a job perk.’
‘I’m just trying to work out what has been going on. Sure I’ve had some near misses, but I haven’t gotten any closer to answering the question I started out with. Those car crashes on the Black Spur simply don’t add up. It’s too easy to lump them in with all the other traffic accidents that happen around the world. These are different though.’
‘Clearly you’ve got the intensity to break open the story if there is one. Have you checked on the flight to Melbourne?’
‘No, this particular promotional tour is being organised by the Victorian Department of Justice. Let them work it out.’
‘I’m not sure they have quite the same drive as you.’
‘Alright, I’ll give them a call.’
‘Thank you.’
Jenny paused. There was something else she still wanted to talk about. ‘Over the years I’ve represented soldiers, war correspondents, refugees and emergency service workers. It’s made me pretty familiar with the impact of post traumatic stress syndrome. Although everyone experiences it in different forms and to varying degrees, you would have to be a robot not to have gone through what you did and not have any aftereffects. It might be the reason you’re lying about on a pool all day. I mean, some people really lose their drive and motivation and it can go on for months or even years.’
‘How did you experience it, you were a war correspondent?’
 Contilli hesitated. ‘Getting to sleep wasn’t so hard. It was what happened next that was the problem. A lot of bad dreams. So lucid I was starting to doubt what was real and what wasn’t. That’s when I knew I was done as a war correspondent.’
‘And did it help?’
‘Are you really wondering if I can tell the difference between reality and dreams? That’s interesting because I was about to ask the same thing of you. You’re consulting spiritual advisers when the story you should be writing about is the drug smuggling pipeline that almost killed you. The perpetrators, the movement of the drugs from the source countries, the impact on victims, the law enforcement failures, these are the things an investigative journalist should be uncovering.’ 
‘I know what I’m doing,’ gnarled Josie. 
‘Let’s hope so. This is too dangerous to slip into delusion.’ Jenny headed for the gate, clearly less than reassured by the conversation. ‘Don’t forget to tell me where you’re meeting Reynes. You wouldn’t be the first journalist that’s ever gone missing, not even close.’
Josie waited until she had left the backyard and paddled back onto the steps. Plucking her phone from the deckchair, she headed for the shower. She mulled over Contilli’s warning before dismissing it with a shrug of indifference. Journalists were far more likely to disappear because they weren’t willing to take any risks. They would just fade away into nameless columns and irrelevance. Josie wasn’t going to let that happen to her – and that was something worth fighting for.

*

As the rollercoaster roared past Josie, the excited screams of the riders seemed to leap directly into her body and transformed into shrieks of terror and death. An ice cold evil started oozing through her bloodstream and filling her lungs like quick-drying cement. She gasped violently, unable to breathe. She was drowning on her feet, helpless and frozen. And just as suddenly the moment was gone. The rollercoaster was continuing on its way and the howls were again those of thrill seekers gripped in excitation. Josie sucked in some deep reviving breaths, her head spinning dizzily. Once her lungs had recovered from their heaving, she sheepishly glanced around her and relieved to see that she had not attracted anyone’s attention, the crowds moving by her in a steady flow. So, maybe what she had experienced had merely been some kind of headrush. Maybe it was nothing.
Dreamworld’s grounds were a hive of activity with the diverse mix of teenagers and young families enthusiastically wandering the crowded paths between attractions with sugary snacks and colourful merchandise in hand. Josie had been holding a smoothie of her own, but the now it was upturned on the ground. She picked up the paper cup with pinched fingers and walked it over to the bins on the side of the path. She checked her smartwatch display and at last it revealed the time to be four o’clock: it was time to head back to the entrance to the Dreamworld Cinema for her rendezvous with Reynes. She went there quickly and positioned herself in a relatively visible edge of the path. She had not been able to find a photo of Jeremy Reynes online, so she would have to rely on him coming to her. She was wearing the red jacket she had nominated and she was holding her phone in case he was still unable to pick her out amongst the throng.
While she was waiting, she found herself again mulling over why Jeremy might have wanted to meet at an amusement park. She doubted it would have just been for the fun of it. Rollercoasters might get the heart pumping and stomach churning, but they were all so tightly constrained cheap thrills. There was no real danger or unpredictability to get the adrenalin flowing. Amusement parks were merely a zoo for excitement.
‘Hello, Josie,’ came a voice to the side. Josie spun round jerkily, clearly on edge. The young man standing before her was surprisingly fresh-faced and fashionably dressed in an oversized light brown blazer and grey business pants. He was somewhere in his late twenties and had spiky peroxide-blonde hair and gold crucifix earrings. He had sensitive blue eyes and thin lips.
‘Jeremy?’ Josie queried.
‘That’s right. Pleased to meet you, Josie.’ He glanced across at the roller-coaster as it gradually ascended the first climb in preparation for another onslaught of the course. ‘Have you been on any of the rides, Josie?’
‘I prefer keeping my feet firmly on the ground, especially where business is concerned. Why we’re doing it here, I can’t quite figure.’
‘Rollercoasters are a kind of therapy for me. They shake me up, take my mind off my thoughts. It’s my way of keeping my feet on the ground.’
‘How often do you need to do that?’
‘Not as often as I used to. When I first left the New Sunrise Family Farm, it was every day. Nowadays it’s only when necessary. And because this is the first time I’ve been asked to talk about my time on the farm for a while, today is one of those days.’
‘Is there any place around here we can get a drink?’
‘It’s food that I need. I made sure I didn’t eat anything before I rode the rollercoasters.’
‘Ok, what do you want?’
‘A burger.’
And after that, shall we catch a movie?’ snapped Josie, irritated by the thought of having to watch him slobber down a hamburger. ‘I mean, are we on a date?’
‘I’m bartending tonight at the Sheraton Hotel,’ responded Jeremy defensively. ‘If I don’t eat something before the shift starts, the next chance I’ll get is at midnight.’ 
‘Ok, let’s go find a place. I’ll even let you talk with your mouth full if you’re rushed.’
Jeremy led her through the crowd and raised his voice to be heard over the background noise. ‘It’s a good thing that you’ve contacted me. I saw you on the news and I could tell you only knew half the story.’
The rollercoaster came roaring by again and Josie shuddered reflexively with what might happen. The moment, however, came and went and this time she was left unscathed.
‘Are you alright?’ Jeremy queried.
Josie kept walking without reply.
It was a three minute walk to the Grid Burgers restaurant. Although it was doing a brisk trade, there were still two unoccupied tables to choose from. They ordered at the counter and then went to one. It was dirty with the detritus of previous meals. The cheese burger that was delivered to Jeremy was about the biggest Josie had ever seen. Jeremy took a bite worthy of it and after a few chews began talking. ‘It’s a sunny warm day and we’re amongst thousands of people enjoying themselves. This is a good time to talk about the supernatural evil on the Black Spur. But if you want to experience firsthand what it really is, you will have to travel it alone into the darkness. You do understand that?’
‘I have already seen it.’
Jeremy studied her a moment. ‘Just to be sure we’re on the same page, a bikie trying to kill you, however uncomfortable, is not the kind of evil I’m talking about.’
‘Before that, I was with one of your fellow cult members in a certain house on Steel Creek Road.’
‘Community members,’ Jeremy corrected. ‘In my first book, I try to explain the difference between communities and cults. The New Sunrise is a community that lives in the moment and believes that anything beyond that is only an empty fog of inconsequence and nonexistence. They frown upon the practice of religion and the occult and consider them one and the same. I guess that’s why I decided to leave. I couldn’t pretend that nothing was there.’
‘What was there?’
‘The people who have gotten close enough to really know have not lived to share their experiences. That is until now. Was it Penelope Gooseman that went with you? She’s the only other person at the New Sunrise Farm who had the gift.’
‘Gift?’
‘Like there are gifted singers, painters and runners, there are those especially gifted at extra sensory perception. The fog might not be so empty after all.’
‘I talked to a woman who claims an apparition entered her car on the Black Spur and forced her into crashing. Is that the kind of fog you mean?’
Jeremy looked puzzled. ‘Why aren’t you talking to Penelope about this instead of me? It was her that took you into the house, wasn’t it? What’s happened to her?’
‘To be honest, I was going to ask you. The last time I saw her she was in hospital.’
‘She’s in hospital? I haven’t spoken to her since I left the community years ago. What’s happened to her?’
Josie took a moment to find the words. ‘She had some kind of seizure while she was being a medium. And she hit her head on the table.’
‘Did she slip and fall?’
‘What?’
‘Is that how she hit her head?’
Josie felt his probing gaze. ‘No, she was really hitting her head. I had to pull her away or else she would’ve killed herself.’
Jeremy contemplated taking another bite of his hamburger but was way to preoccupied with his thoughts. ‘She should have known better than to be calling on spirits in that house,’ he finally muttered. ‘Maybe she just wanted to prove that it wasn’t such an evil disturbance. She wasn’t going to be chased out of the town like I was. She has always been a little too crazy brave.’
‘Is there a chance her behaviour was somehow affected by the cult? She was acting so erratically, maybe she had been brainwashed or was tripping on psychedelic drugs. Did you see her consuming anything of that nature at the New Sunrise ranch?’
Jeremy’s face became flushed. ‘I know you’re a journalist hunting a story, but I’ll tell you on or off the record that nothing like that is going on there. It’s just a community that’s trying to live a life without all the bullshit. Although you might not want to accept it, whatever you saw was real.’
Josie twisted her face. ‘Alright. Thanks anyway.’ Her eyes moved sidewards and Jeremy could tell she was ready to leave. 
‘Now I get why you wanted to meet me,’ Jeremy said. ‘You might have thought you had your hands full with drug dealers trying to kill you, but once you’ve encountered supernatural possession, everything else seems a minor distraction.’
‘You’ve seen one?’
Jeremy nodded. ‘When I first started out and was every bit as intense as Penelope. It was in an abandoned church in the desert. Some bad things had happened there in the past.’
‘And now you need to ride rollercoasters.’
‘Maybe if I’d let it go then, I wouldn’t have gotten in so deep. My advice is to get out while you can.’
‘Thanks, I’ll keep that in mind. And I appreciate you finding the time to talk with me.’ Josie got up from the table and paused with an afterthought. ‘I do have another question. It will sound a little odd though.’
‘What is it?’
‘Does the number 83 mean anything to you?’
Jeremy seemed surprised. ‘Why do you ask?’
‘Penelope wrote it on a table while she was in the grips of the seizure. I never got the chance to ask her what it meant.’
‘She wrote it on the table? Like a piece of graffiti?’
Josie shook her head and tried not to sound melodramatic. ‘She wrote it in blood.’
Jeremy hesitated. ‘There is only one thing that occurs to me about 83. It’s called Algor Mortis and any occultist worth their salt would know what that is.’
‘Please, I’d like to hear about it.’
Jeremy smirked macabrely. ‘It’s the average temperature at which a dead body cools until it reaches room temperature.’
‘Algor what?’
‘Algor Mortis, aka the Death Chill. It’s .83 degrees Celsius to be precise.’
‘The Death Chill? Are you making this up?’
‘Not at all. It’s a real thing. You can look it up. But I’m not sure it’s going to help you.’ Jeremy paused. ‘Not unless it’s a gateway.’
‘A gateway?’
‘An entry point for spirits into this world. On a occasion a medium may be able to cajole a spirit through one into the narrow range of perception we call reality. Other times, they help themselves.’
‘When there’s a full moon?’
‘It’s fine to be sceptical. But after what you’ve experienced, it would be difficult to know if you’re a denier or in denial.’
Josie got up from the table and stared at him a long moment as her thoughts turned over.
‘Are you alright?’ Jeremy queried, startled by the sudden intensity in her eyes.
‘Is what you’ve said on the record?’
‘Have I said anything worth putting on the record?’
‘Maybe. I have a feeling it’s time for me to go back to the Black Spur.’
‘I can’t fault your courage. But do you really want to go deeper into whatever it was you found out there? Even after what happened to Penelope?’ Jeremy realised he was burying his fingers in his hamburger; he put it down on the plate and took a napkin. ‘Just remember that possession takes many different forms. So does obsession. And there is an intersection between then that is hard to know.’
Josie smirked with a glint of danger. ‘You stick to yours and I’ll stick to mine.’ She strode away for the exit gate, though soon realised she didn’t know where it was. Everywhere there were crowds and rides and all the signs were only pointing further into it. Josie’s phone started to ring and she saw that it was Jenny Contilli. She answered it reticently, worried about how Jenny would react if she realised she had gone from a swimming pool to an amusement park.
‘Hello, Jen,’ she said loudly, trying to drown out the sounds in the background.
‘How did it go with the cultist?´ It was clear from the background noise that Jenny was calling from her car – which was almost always the case. ‘You’re not locked in a car boot or a cellar, are you?’ 
‘No, I’m not. I’m on my way home. The interview was quite productive.’ 
‘Really? What could a cultist possibly tell you that was productive?’
‘He’s given me a whole new line of enquiry. It could prove significant.’
Jenny sighed. ‘How long is that going to take?’
‘I’ll give it my full attention.’
Jenny’s voice darkened. ‘You neglected to tell me where you were meeting Reynes. That was reckless.’
‘Sorry about that,’ said Josie without particularly meaning it. ‘He had picked a very public spot.’
‘I can hear the noise. Where on earth are you? It sounds like a warzone.’
‘It’s actually people having fun.’
‘Is that so? Anyway, I did you a favour and called the Victorian Justice Department.’ 
‘What did they say?’
‘They’ve booked a flight for you next Thursday. The trial is set to begin on the Friday. They’ve booked the flight and hotel under a false name and they’re not going to tell you what it is until you get to the airport Trust me, I tried my best.’
‘I’m surprised they’ve told you as much as they have.’
‘They only deem your situation to be a medium security risk. They aren’t going to provide you with a police escort to Melbourne or on your the daily commute to the courthouse. If you’re unhappy with that, you’ll need to lodge an official complaint.’
‘I don’t care about that,’ replied Josie sharply, ‘but I need to fly in a day earlier. So, tell them it’s got to be on the Wednesday.’
‘What’s the reason?’
‘I need to rent a car.’
There was a doubtful pause. ‘There are plenty of car rental companies at the airport. It will hardly take a day for that.’
‘I’m going to need a particular kind of car,’ Josie said. ‘Not to be found at an airport.’
Jenny paused. ‘What are you up to?’
‘Like I said, a whole new line of enquiry.’

Chapter 13

‘Ms McMullan, would you kindly indulge the court by counting to thirty,’ instructed Grant Standage, the gravel-voiced lawyer for the defence, leaning across the bar table for effect. Despite the seemingly frivolous nature of the request, Josie had read enough accounts of Standage’s courtroom exploits to know it was not to be taken lightly. She focussed hard on keeping her voice steady and clear without any hint of obfuscation. Standage, a large, hulking fifty-something man, was the Melbourne underworld’s lawyer of choice, having earned acquittals for some of the cities most hardened criminals and notably reduced sentences for others. It was said he could plea bargain a coldblooded homicide down to a parking infringement for the getaway vehicle. But, as he stood sternly poised as Josie counted, she sensed his strength could also be his weakness, or, at the very least, make him predictable. After all, in the interest of self-preservation, he needed his clients to believe he had done his utmost to keep them out of jail. Underworld gangsters, being less than subtle themselves, were unlikely to value a subtle argument. Their world was one of violence and threats of violence and, being the crown’s star witness, Josie knew he would be saving his biggest shots for her.
Josie had dressed young, her hair tied in ponytails and her shirt pink and floral patterned shirt. The harder he came at her, the more of a bully he was going to look. Although she couldn’t imagine why he wanted her to count to thirty, she didn’t resist or try to be evasive. She counted with all the calmness and innocence she had been perfecting in her hotel mirror over the previous two evenings. But as the count went on, Standage was looking across to the jury with a look of disgust on his face, as though she was counting the number of children she had boiled.
When she reached 30, his voice erupted. ‘Did that seem a long time? To me it felt like an eternity. And that is how long you directed your improvised flamethrower onto the face of your victim, Tom Dez. The experts have already testified to the fact. So, do you dare deny it?’
Josie resisted the urge to respond quickly, to try verbally sparing with Standage. She knew he was attempting to provoke her, to infer to the jury a wild, bottomless rage lurking beneath the thin, benign surface: a woman capable of murder. She glanced around the packed courtroom, skipping across the rows and rows of keenly attentive faces to the only two she recognised: Senior Detective Sean Pummel and Sergeant Mark Galvino. They were sitting toward the back, concern etched on their faces, uncertain as they waited to see if she would crack under pressure. Their lack of faith encouraged her to pause even longer; she would be like a floored boxer, waiting to till the last second of the referee’s ten count before getting back to her feet. She glanced across to the defendant, Rodney “Beak” Swan, who was staring at her with a cold, hateful stare. She found it a relief that she could look at him and not feel bad that she had fingered him as a murderer without ever having seen him in person. It was obvious enough he was someone society needed to be protected from. And he would probably come after Josie first. When the coroner had described how Dez had died, Beak’s eyes had not once deviated from her: it was as though he had been handing down his own private death sentence upon her.
‘Ms McMullan, do I have your attention?’ barked the defence attorney impatiently, desperate not to lose momentum.
Josie turned to him and said in that same quiet, calm voice that she had used to count, ‘I’m not sure. It all happened so fast.’
‘And yet, as you have just shown to the court, thirty seconds is not that fast. Indeed, it can be excruciatingly slow, and no slower than when a deadly flame of seven hundred degrees Celsius is being inflicted upon another human being.’
‘Objection, your Honour,’ called out Bill Abrahams, the Attorney for the Prosecution. ‘This is badgering the witness.’
‘Sustained,’ said the judge brusquely. ‘Questions, Mr Standage, your purpose here is to ask questions.’
‘Of course, your Honour,’ replied Standage. ‘And I submit that this is an important one.’ His eyes narrowed venomously upon Josie. ‘The court has heard that under such an onslaught as you inflicted upon Tom Dez a body will instantly and reflexively pull back in retreat. So, how can it be that he was subjected to thirty seconds of flame? That is my question, Ms McMullan. Did you continue to follow the deceased and subject him to your deadly little flamethrower as he tried to pull away?’
‘Objection, your Honour,’ interjected Abrahams stridently. ‘The witness is not on trial.’
‘Your Honour,’ countered Standage hastily, ‘this issue goes to the heart of the witness’s credibility.’
Judge Terry Gurung puckered her lips earnestly. ‘I’ll allow it. The witness will answer the question. But she will not be interrupted in the process.’ She glared threateningly at the defence attorney. ‘To be clear, that means I don’t want her being talked over. If her response is as important as you claim, the jury is entitled to hear it.’ She looked to Josie and nodded encouragingly. ‘Please answer the question, Ms McMullan.’
Josie leaned into the microphone in front of her and her voice emerged sweet and soft as though to put a child to sleep with a lullaby. ‘He had just cut Sally’s throat, and they had set the car alight to incinerate us. I managed to get out and, as I crawled away, he followed me. He was intending to finish me off. When I looked back, I could see the knife in his hand and all I wanted to do was live.’
Standage was gazing at her with an agitated expression, as though she had slighted him in some way. Josie had a hunch it was because he had been counting on her not to bring up the knife the police had retrieved by Beak’s side at the crime scene. It was going to be the most difficult piece of evidence to refute and Standage would be looking to somehow place it in her hands. Something to do with a psychopathic episode in which she triggered had the traffic accident by stabbing to death Sally and then torching the poor, innocent passer-by who had stopped to render assistance. But Josie had beaten him to it with an explanation of her own, and she had the added advantage of being able to tell the truth. And who cared if she had given Dez a longer burst of starter fluid than some conniving defence lawyer might argue was decent? The police had not tried too hard to pick apart her account of events, especially after the coroner had concluded in his report that Sally’s throat had already been slashed before the car was ignited. It meant they needed Josie’s testimony to at the very least nail Beak as an accomplice. There would at least be a few years of jail time for that. Better than the acquittal from all charges that Standage would be playing for. The fact that he had refused to entertain any sort of plea bargaining deal indicated that he fancied his chances in the case. And  he was intent on making Josie earn her testimony.
‘That knife to which you refer,’ said Standage accusingly, ‘that was yours, wasn’t it?’
‘No,’ replied Josie in a bewildered tone.
‘I put it to you, Ms McMullan, that you first attacked Sally in the car due to an argument you were having and that led to the car coming off the road. When Mr Dez came to your assistance, you savagely attacked him as well. This is correct, is it not?’
‘No, it isn’t.’
‘I further put it you that after Mr Dez had managed at great peril to take the knife from your possession, you then utilised the starter fluid as an alternative weapon. This is what really happened, isn’t it?’
‘No, of course not.’
‘But you have already admitted to the court that you assaulted the deceased with the starter fluid.’
‘Not in that context.’
‘Are you certain? My client has already clearly testified that this was precisely what happened.’
‘Objection,’ said Abrahams urgently. ‘The defence counsel is continuing to badger the witness.’
‘No further questions, your Honour,’ said Standage, clearly having wanted nothing more than to sow a seed of doubt within the jury, a suspicion that not all was as it seemed with Josie’s version of events. After all, who was to say what anyone was really capable of?’
‘You may stand down,’ Judge Gurung said to Josie. Josie nodded and shakily departed the witness box. She walked slowly out of the court and into the expansive foyer of royal blue carpet and millwork panelled walls. She sat down on a green vinyl seat and took a moment to regather herself. Although she felt the testimony had gone well, there was a bitter aftertaste at having had to play up the overawed, submissive young female stereotype just to get the jury onside. She had done it because it was exactly what Beak and his lawyer had not wanted her to do, but she didn’t like having to tiptoe around sensibilities and prejudices and the assumption girls could not play as rough as boys.
She looked up across the passageway carpeted in dull green to see Mark approaching; he seemed to have a lot on his mind as well. Pensively happy if such a thing was possible.
‘Well done,’ he said. ‘The jury was transfixed by you.’
‘Has the court adjourned for the day?’ she asked.
‘Not quite, there is one more witness scheduled before the prosecution is expected to rest its case. A fire investigator named Tomlinson will testify that the fire that incinerated Sally’s car was deliberately lit about two metres behind the vehicle. I have a shift tonight; otherwise, I would have stayed to watch. The cross-examination is likely to be particularly lively. The defences ran into a brick wall against you and so they are bound to throw everything they’ve got at him. They need to sow some doubt somewhere, and they have spent the whole trial playing Pinatas, swinging blindly with a big, nasty stick hoping they will hit something.’
‘So, you think I avoided it?’
Mark nodded. ‘If Standage had followed his line of argument one step further and questioned Penelope rather than settling for a police report, he might have found out that she had been hospitalised as a result of some kind of mad witchcraft gone violently wrong and a brutal exorcism that involved you knocking her unconscious with a flashlight. You can see how neatly that would have fitted his assertion that you slashed Sally’s throat in a delusional, unprovoked attack. The defence might even have put me on the stand and I would have had to testify that you took me to the blood splattered house where your ritual occurred out of some kind of morbid curiosity.’
Josie glared at him. ‘You wouldn’t have said that, would you?’
‘Under oath, I would have been obliged to.’ Mark smirked wryly.’ But we all have our secrets, no matter what book we might put our hand on.’
‘It was nice of you to come. Seeing a friendly face helped.’
‘Why wouldn’t I have? If you cracked under pressure, I wouldn’t have had a job to go to anyway.’ Mark looked around to be sure no one was eavesdropping on their conversation, all too aware that if it was ever to become available for public consumption, he would be the one in need of a defence lawyer. But Josie had picked a quiet corner of the foyer with the nearest other people being a young rough looking couple clearly agitated by their own problems. 
‘You’re going to have a lot more people in your head if you try and make a career out this sort of thing,’ Mark muttered. ‘It’s kamikaze journalism, and you got very lucky making it off the witness stand with one of the most unscrupulous lawyers in the country saying “no further questions”.’
Josie shrugged. ‘At least maybe now I can say that to movie stars and pop singers and anyone else I feel like.’
‘Yes, you’ve made a name for yourself, that’s for sure. I would offer to drive you back to your hotel, but there’s a press gauntlet out front just waiting to jump all over you.’
‘That’s alright, I’ve got my own car this time – a rental.’
Mark smirked and nodded, though a hint of regret crept into his eyes. ‘I guess I’ll be seeing you, then.’
‘Sure. And thanks for coming. It was comforting seeing you in the gallery, even though you were looking at me like you were certain I was going to screw it up.’
Mark noticed that the assistant prosecutor was on his way towards them. His name was Allen Portley; he was tall and had bright red hair, making him hard to miss, and he was gazing back at them with interest, curious as to what was being discussed between a local police officer and his key witness. Mark wasn’t going to wait around to be asked. His parting nod to Josie was perfunctory and he headed for the elevators. Josie watched him, hoping he would turn back for a final glance – she felt that she had earned it.
‘You did a good job, Ms McMullan,’ said the young assistant prosecutor in way of announcing himself; it distracted Josie and she missed the chance to see if she got that parting glance as Mark slipped into the elevator.
‘Hopefully you’ll be able to catch up on some sleep now because, if you don’t mind me saying, during the trial, you have looked exhausted. It’s particularly surprising, testifying against a violent offender in open court isn’t easy.’
‘It’s what I had to do,’ said Josie. ‘So, am I done now?’
‘That is what Mr Abrahams sent me to talk to you about. He thinks the defence counsel may want to take another crack at you.’
‘You mean, have me recalled?’
‘It’s unusual, but it does occur. For instance, the defence are calling to the stand their own fire experts and they may suggest that the fire that incinerated the car may actually have been caused by your attack with the starter fluid propellant. In other words, the victim, his clothes alright, collapsed into a stream of fuel leaking from the car.’
‘Surely a jury wouldn’t be duped that easily.’
‘Standage doesn’t have a clear line of advocacy, so he’s trying to muddy the waters with as many alternative theories as his overpaid imagination can come up with. At the end of the day, all he has to do is establish a reasonable doubt. And you would be surprised at the sorts of things some people consider reasonable doubt.’ Portley noticed Josie’s look of trepidation. ‘You won’t need to need to attend court, just stay in Melbourne a little longer. I think you’re booked into your hotel until the end of the week anyway.’
‘That’s right.’
‘Looking at the defence’s witness list, we’ll know by then if Standage is going for that play.’
‘Do you think he will?’
Portley scratched his chin as he pondered the question. ‘I think Standage let you off easily, that’s for sure. It might just be that he didn’t want to risk alienating the jury by beating up on you. Or it might  be because he’s got a bigger ambush lined up. His nickname is the predator and it’s well-earned.’
‘Well, he’s leaving it a little late if he’s planning some big move in the trial. You said there’s only one witness left?
‘That’s right.’ Portley paused. ‘But it might not be in the trial that he’ll make his move.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘This is organised crime you are dealing with. Without wanting to cause undue concern, I would suggest you stay in your hotel room until the trial is over and the verdict is in. There’s a very good chance Beak has put a price on your head and there’ll be some serious people looking for an opportunity to cash in.’
‘I’ll keep that in mind,’ Josie murmured. ‘But I think I’ll do some country driving all the same.’
Portley frowned. ‘Haven’t you had enough drives in the country to last a lifetime?’
‘No, I wouldn’t say that.’
Portley stepped back. ‘I’d better return to the courtroom. Mr Abrahams will give you a call after the trial adjourns for the day, just to touch base.’
Josie nodded and headed for the elevator. On the ground floor, she went to the security desk to collect the bag she had been made to check in by a couple of suspicious security guards at the entrance. The attendant at the desk was one of those guards and he immediately recognised Josie.
‘I still haven’t been able to work out what that gadget is in your bag,’ he said as he fetched it from the shelves at the rear. ‘The scanner only told us that it isn’t an explosive device, it didn’t give any indication what it might be.’
Josie might normally have given him the cold-shoulder, but the witness stand had left her wired and she didn’t mind the light relief. ‘It’s a thermometer,’ she revealed and glanced inside the bag to check that the gadget was still intact. It was a hand-sized steel rectangular device with a narrow display screen, setting buttons and two metal strips protruding from the top. 
The security guard leaned forward on the counter and looked at it incredulously. ‘You brought a thermometer to a courthouse?’
‘I didn’t want to leave it in the car. It’s expensive and there’s only one supplier in Melbourne that sells them.’
‘So, it’s must be pretty special?’
Josie nodded. ‘It’s particularly sensitive.’ She pulled it out of the bag. ‘It’s a thermo-thermometre. It can detect very small changes in temperature. And it makes quite a loud noise when its alarm is triggered.’ She turned the thermometre on and two sets of numbers appeared on the display screen. The number on top was 23.5 degrees Celsius: the current room temperature. And the number below was .83 degrees Celsius: the death chill.
‘Are you a scientist?’ queried the security guard.
Josie shook her head and put the thermometre back into the bag. ‘What I’m doing isn’t quite science. I’m a freelance journalist working on a story.’
 ‘A story that requires a thermometer? Is it something to do with climate change?’
‘Sort of,’ replied Josie vaguely.
‘Well, I hope I get to read it. What’s the title going to be?’
‘The Death Chill on the Black Spur.’ Josie smirked and started for the exit. 

Chapter 14

Assistant Prosecutor Allen Portley had been right that Josie was tired, she had barely slept in days. Night after night since the trial began, she had been out on the Black Spur in her rented rally car, the roll cage and harness seatbelt her only protection against what may have lain there to harm her. From midnight to dawn, she had been driving endless laps, searching for something in the darkness that almost certainly did not exist. The thermo-thermometre was propped up in a dashboard cupholder and had remained dormant the whole week. Josie would glance at it from time to time and be struck by a feeling of ridiculousness. She wondered if she really believed in what she was doing or if she was just distracting herself away from the memories that would have consumed her: the sight of Penelope smashing her head open on a table, Sally being murdered in cold-blood, Dez screaming in agony as flames devoured him? Was she trying to drive herself to sleep? Had that been Jason Barr’s fate?
The thermo-thermometre’s alarm began screaming, jolting Josie from her stupor. The .83 degrees on its display was flashing in bold red light – the last time Josie had seen the number in that colour was scratched across the table in blood. She glanced around the car for any movement or signs of change. And, although she couldn’t see anything, she felt far from disappointed. In fact, with a pang of excitement, she realised that this could be the perfect ending for her article: the alarm triggered, the death chill reached, and nothing to show for it but the cold, dark emptiness of the Black Spur. It could be a telling reminder that there was enough evil in the world without being distracted by conspiracy theories and ghost stories. Josie had pursued the mystery from a by-line by the pool to this moment of bleakness at 3:30 in the morning, and all that there had been in between were bends and bumps in the road. Happily, she was heading in the direction of the city. She could keep on driving off the mountain and in an hour or so be safely tucked into a warm hotel bed. She would sleep through the day and then go looking for a café that served an all-day breakfast.
She reached over to the thermo-thermometre and pressed the off-button. But to her annoyance the alarm kept blaring. She tried again and still nothing. The machine must have been malfunctioning. As Josie pondered this, there came a piercing surge of icy cold air from the floor. Despite all week having kept the heater off and the windows open for the sake of measuring the external air temperature, this sensation was something altogether different. Josie had only felt the likes of it once before: in the abandoned house on Steel Creek Road. A cold that penetrated to her very soul. Josie looked down to see an unworldly white mist gathering around her legs. She tried to apply the brakes but her muscles were completely frozen, she couldn’t even wiggle her toes.
Josie was more fascinated than scared and she realised this was precisely what Anna Roxburgh had described to her: a poisoned pocket of the supernatural welling up in the midst of a cold, dark, ancient forest. She had found the truth she had been looking for. But with it came the realisation of the big mistake she had made: she had assumed being unafraid would make her safe. Bringing along a rally car had been a piece of theatre, something to titillate readers with. But despite its roll-cage, multipoint harness and carbon fibre seat, Josie had little chance of surviving a head-on crash with one of the towering mountain ash trees that lined the Black Spur – especially, as it had been explained to her, for the sake of speed, rally cars did not come with airbags.
The alarm inexplicably went quiet at last, though Josie knew whatever was happening was just beginning. Outside the fogged up windows, the trees were rushing by as contorted shapes, eerily aglow in the pale moonlight. The fingers of the mist were now reaching as high as Josie’s neck, and her whole body had descended into paralysis. She allowed herself to relax and be at peace. This was the end. She had set out to find a truth and what she had discovered was simply too big for her to understand. The car jumped the shoulder of the road and began bouncing wildly as it tore into the forest. Trees crashed by and Josie knew it was only a matter of time before her luck ran out. One more to the death chill. ‘Why is it so cold?’ she screamed.

Chapter 15

Josie awoke with her eyes barely able to open and a brutally sharp headache throbbing inside her skull. She lay curled up a long moment, trying to locate herself, to recall what had happened. It was with frustrating slowness that she worked her way from the wistful hope of having awoken on a sunny morning in the Gold Coast to the grim memory of having been spearing out of control on the Black Spur. So, she had been in a car accident. But the impact was completely absent from her memory, meaning she would not be grateful for waking up again until she had worked out exactly what state she was in.
As she painfully tried to stir her limbs into movement, she became aware of a sweetly melodic humming to the side – the voice was gorgeously rich, but sounded too old to be coming from the angels in her imagination. Josie stiffly turned towards it, and although the linen sheets were soft and light, moving within them caused her whole body to jar with pain. And all the while, the humming continued, creeping inside her headache.  At last Josie made it onto her side and she could see that the humming was coming from an old woman seated beside her bed. The woman was looking to the side, lost in her own thoughts. Her weather-worn, rough edged face seemed to place her origins somewhere cold and hard, such as a remote eastern European village – at least it did in Josie’s imagination. The woman had long, frazzled white hair and was wrapped in an oversized ghoulishly purple and black dressing gown. Clearly she was a fellow patient in whatever health facility they were in.
The woman noticed Josie’s eyes upon her and smiled serenely. ‘Witam drodzy,’ she said in a sweet, kindly voice. ‘I knew my songs would wake you up. Mothers have been singing them to their sick children for many centuries. Sadly, their children do not always wake up. But I wasn’t going to let that happen to you.’
Josie looked down at her arms and realised there were tubes connecting her to bedside monitors and an intravenous drip. ‘Where am I?’ Her voice was croaky and only barely audible. It sounded every bit like the voice of someone who had just stirred from a coma.
‘You are in the Royal Woman’s Hospital,’ the old woman explained. ‘You have been asleep for two weeks.’
‘Two weeks?’
‘That is not so long. I have been here for three months. For most of that time I had many more machines plugged into me than this. A whole electronic store worth of appliances. The doctors still say I should be in bed resting. But what is the point of being alive if you cannot help someone? I heard you were just down the corridor and had not woken up. No one was going to stop me sitting with you. I’m dying anyway, so who cares if I go a little more quickly? Certainly not my children. They only come to visit when they want to argue with each other about their inheritances. They seem to think I have a lot to give. And I don’t want to disappoint them in case they stop visiting. It is only when I’m gone will they realise they have been wasting their time.’
‘I’m sure they don’t feel that way.’
‘You’re a nice girl for saying such things. I could tell you things to change your mind, but it would be wrong of me to look for sympathy from someone who just came out of a deep coma. That wouldn’t be right.’
Josie tried to smile but the movement triggered sharp bolt of pain just behind her eyes.
The old woman placed a comforting hand her on the shoulder. ‘And besides, I should be careful not to bore you back into unconsciousness. Try to stay awake while I call the nurse.’ Her frailness was evident as she reached over to the bedside assistance button and pressed it.
‘Thank you,’ Josie muttered.
‘For pressing a button?’ queried the woman as she eased back into her chair.
‘For your songs.’ Josie wasn’t entirely sure she meant it. She didn’t like the idea of someone watching her while she slept. And she hoped the nurses came quickly because despite all her kindness there was something about the woman she found unsettling, something disturbing. A woman of dark secrets.
‘There were times,’ said the woman grimly, ‘when you were making noises, talking loudly to yourself. You were in a bad place. At those times I stopped singing and started saying prayers.’
‘I don’t recall anything,’ replied Josie uncomfortably. ‘Did you hear what I was saying?’
‘Not really, dear. You were mumbling. And your teeth were chattering like you were very cold. I made sure the nurses put an extra blanket on you.’
‘What did you ask us to do, Kaz?’ asked the duty nurse as a way of announcing his arrival into the room. ‘And who are you talking to?’ He was a tall, lanky man, and the pale blue nursing garb hung off him loosely. When he saw that Josie’s eyes were open, he gave her a warm smile. ‘Well, good morning, Josie. There will be a lot of people relieved that you’re awake today.’
He stepped to the side of the bed and browsed over her vital signs. He kept any thoughts to himself and instead turned to the old woman. ‘Kaz, visiting time is over. Go back to your bed now, please, and I’ll check on you when I’m finished with Josie. Ok?’
‘Sending me to my room like a little girl. Very well then. But don’t forget who brought her back.’ Kaz moved very cumbersomely across to her walking frame and rolled slowly out of the room.
The nurse paused what he was doing until he was sure she had left and turned back to Josie. ‘I hope you didn’t mind. She is quite starstruck by you and Doctor Rayner thought it might benefit you to have someone chatty at your bedside.’
‘Was I asleep or was I in a coma?’
The nurse went to the foot of the bed to update the handover notes. ‘That’s a question for the doctors, though, between you and me, they don’t always like admitting what they’re not sure about. And this might be one of those cases.’
‘How long have I been here?’
‘Ten days.’
Josie started to frown though, as with smiling, a sharp pain gripped her forehead. She reached up to the spot and found a strip of gauze in place there; she traced along it with her fingers and found that it stretched from the hairline to her eye socket. ‘Did I hit my head?’
‘You were in a car accident. Do you remember any of it?’
Josie thought back to the Black Spur. She recalled the icy mist that had filled her car and the demonic energy it carried. The memory caused her body to recoil as though she was there.
‘Are you alright?’
‘I remember some of it,’ Josie finally replied. ‘If I’ve been asleep, it wasn’t natural.’
The nurse finished his notes and put his hands on his hips. ‘Under the CAT scan your cerebral activity was similar to sleeping. In fact, you seemed to be dreaming. That doesn’t occur when someone is in a coma.’
‘That’s true,’ declared a grey haired man in a white lab coat as he entered the room. ‘And yet many patients come out of their comas having had very vivid dreams. Some even claim to have experienced nightmares that go on endlessly. Did something like that happen to you?’
Josie shook her head. ‘I don’t think so.’
The man picked up the handover notes and read them carefully. Then he looked up at Josie. ‘I’m glad we could be introduced at last. My name is Doctor Charles Rayner. I have been looking after you since your admission. I was hoping you would be awake a little sooner, but I was always confident it was going to happen eventually. You are too young and strong for it not.’
Josie nodded her thanks and wondered if he was aware how much her head was aching. ‘That’s great.’
‘Now we’re going to take some tests to see if there is any damage from the accident. But, to answer your question, there are different kinds of comas depending on which part of the brain has been damaged. Fortunately, in your case, cerebral injury appears minor. Indeed, find they tomorrow I would like to run some additional CAT scars and testing in case there is something we have missed.’
‘I did hit my head?’ said Josie, gesturing to the wound on her forehead.
‘Yes, but probably the reason you are still with us is it was in glazing blow.’ The doctor studied her curiously for a moment.
‘And it seems the car was designed to withstand significant forces. I’m not the only one wondering why you were driving a rally car. But that can wait for another day. For now it is important just to rest and hydrate. Visitors can wait until tomorrow.’
‘So, people are only allowed to sing to me when I’m asleep?’
Rayner gave her a disparaging look. ‘Once we’ve checked you out, it will be up to you what your visitors do. Until then it is better you refrain from anything more stimulating than drinking plenty of water and rest.’
‘You mean I should sleep?’ queried Josie, her voice uncertain. 
‘Sure. Why not?’
‘I’ve heard of people who snapped out of a coma with all their faculties fully functioning only to lapse back into unconsciousness never to awaken again.’
‘You’re worried that might happen to you?’
Josie shrugged her heavily wrapped shoulder. ‘Should I be?’
Rayner didn’t say anything as he worked through a series of tests with her: breathing, blood pressure, pulse, pupil dilation and neuropsychological functioning. Once done, he straightened up and folded his arms against his chest. ‘I lecture at the local university and this is a topic I sometimes cover. There are three main causes of coma. The most common is intracranial, which is damage occurring within the skull, including bleeding after the head has been hit. The next most common is extracranial, which is anything that reduces blood flow to the brain and can include drug overdoses and being strangled. And finally there are psychiatric causes such as depression and acute psychological trauma or shock. Both intracranial and extracranial damage are within my powers to detect. There is equipment that will image this damage and there are treatments I can apply as interventions. But psychiatric causes are not for neurosurgeons to unravel, are outside my area of expertise. Still, it may be somewhere within those parametres you’ll find the root of somniphobia. That’s the clinical name for the fear of sleeping.’
‘It’s not the fear of falling asleep that worries me,’ said Josie. ‘It’s whether or not I’m going to wake up at the end of it that’s the problem.’
Rayner moved towards the door; now that the examination was over, he was keen to continue with his rounds. ‘I am not about to medicate to keep you awake,’ he said shortly. ‘But I will review the scans of your cerebral cortexes before we refer you to someone more qualified to explore the psychological aspects.’
‘A shrink?’
Rayner reached the doorway and looked back. ‘Scans only go so deep.’ 
‘Are my parents here?’ Josie called out quickly.
The desperation in her voice held Rayner there. ‘It was your agent I spoke to. I seem to remember that her name was Jenny.’ He smirked faintly. ‘She was even more desperate to be on your bedside vigil than Kaz. But we got the impression she would’ve tried to pull you out of your coma with her bare hands. She’s ambitious for you, I’ll give her that much.’
‘Could you give her a message from me?’
Rayner frowned. ‘The last time I checked, my role at this hospital is to pass on messages for patients.’ A semblance of a smile returned. ‘Perhaps, I can make an exception for someone who has just come out of coma. After all, I’ll need to update all your fans gathered outside anyway. That includes a couple of intern journalists and a bikie or two.’ He chuckled to himself. ‘I’m joking about the bikies.’
‘Could you tell Jenny that I’ve finished the investigation now and I’ll have something ready to publish shortly.’
‘That doesn’t sound much like rest to me.’
‘No, it doesn’t. But you just said there was no evidence of brain injury. And besides, why confide to a psychiatrist what I can sell to the public?’
‘I wonder if that explains why it’s an agent, not friends or family waiting to hear how you are? I must say, that doesn’t sound healthy to me.’ Rayner left the room and Josie gazed idly out the window. The grey, overcast sky was losing its light. Night would be coming soon. Josie would have asked for her phone to occupy herself with but she simply didn’t have the strength. She was exhausted to the core and could do nothing more than wriggle into a position where the pain was not so acute and wait for sleep to claim her. Despite the doctor’s assurances, she still had a feeling of trepidation and wondered if somniphobia was a real thing. Was the fear of closing her eyes the price to pay for learning the truth?

*

Josie awoke in darkness and realised she was shivering. She was curled up, trying to find a warm pocket in the bed. The blanket and sheets felt paper-thin against her skin. And her bladder was starting to nag at her. She couldn’t remain like this. She tried to call out for a nurse in the hope one was close by, but her throat was too dry and her voice too feeble to produce any discernible sound. She felt around the bedside table on the off-chance there was a glass of water poured out for her. But all she encountered was air so cold that she quickly gave up. A pang of anger rose within her. Where were all the medical staff? How could a patient be allowed to get so cold and thirsty? And there was not even a bedpan. Then she remembered the call-button Kaz had pressed to summon the nurse. That would be the answer. Josie tried to approximate where Kaz had reached to from her chair as she fumbled about in search of the button. The top sheet fell off her as she leaned despairingly forward and the room’s unbearable chill again forced her to withdraw back under the covers. She decided then that enough was enough. She pulled out the wires and tubes attached to her arm and gingerly eased herself out of the bed with one probing foot touching the floor followed by another. She shuffled unsteadily out of the room into an empty corridor. The light there was searingly bright. At one end of the corridor, there was a fire escape marked by a No Exit sign. Josie made a mental note of it in case she needed to depart the hospital altogether, and she onerously turned herself in the other direction. The corridor this way was long and marked by darkened doorways. Josie compelled herself forward, her feet barely lifting from the floor. It was dispiriting that the corridor only seemed to be getting longer with every step. At least, the temperature was noticeably warmer than inside her room – her body had even stopped shivering. 
She glanced around the monochrome white walls in search of a clock, yearning to know what time it was, to be reassured the dawn was coming soon. The walls, however, were completely bare and leaving Josie to rue that such a long, straight corridor could be so disorientating. 
As she passed a darkened doorway, she could hear a mantra being chanted within. It was a soft, female voice and the psalm was as eerily familiar as its language was undecipherable. Was it Kaz’s voice? Was it the same chant that had accompanied her out of unconsciousness? Josie was drawn into the room with an irresistible curiosity. She crept forward as stealthily as she could, wanting to keep her presence secret. The air temperature was suddenly plummeting again, a portent of danger. Josie stopped well-short of the bed and strained to see the woman through the darkness. The silhouette was sitting up and was very still. She must have been peering back at Josie, for the chanting stopped and she said imploringly, ‘Help me, Josie.’
Josie was jolted back with surprise. It was Kaz’s voice alright, but much weaker than before, as though all the life had been drained out of her. Josie quickly located the light switch by the doorway and turned it on. She found herself gasping in shock and revulsion as she saw the state Kaz was in. Her neck had been sliced wide open and the bedsheets were saturated in bright red blood. Her ghostly pallid skin had the texture of rice paper. Her eyes were opaque and gazing blankly ahead. ‘Help me,’ she said feebly and her head subsided into the pillow as the last breath left her body.
Josie extracted herself from the room and shuffled quickly back down the corridor. This couldn’t have been real she kept telling herself as she went. It must have been some kind of lucid dream. Maybe returning to her bed was the only way to make it end. Her legs were moving faster now, adrenaline flowing through her body. Her heart was pounding and her stomach churning with nerves. Arriving back at her room, however, did not bring the relief she was craving. The crippling cold had not abated and an alarm was blaring loudly from the bedside. Josie figured it must have been one of the body monitoring machines she had detached herself from. She rushed that way, desperate to shut off the alarm before it brought a torrent of staff into the room. Once Kaz’s mutilated body was discovered, a lot of questions were going to be asked and being in bed asleep would be the best way to avoid  them. Josie frantically searched the monitors for an off-switch. It was then she noticed the knife on the bedside table. Although she hadn’t stumbled onto it when feeling around  for a glass of water, it had a fat handle and long blade. She ran her fingers probingly along the serrated edge and felt a warm, sticky residue left behind on her fingertips. She raised them to the light and was struck with grim fascination as she saw that they were covered in blood.
A scream from down the corridor snapped her out of her malaise. She dropped to her knees and urgently looked for somewhere under the bed to hide the knife. It was then she realised the alarm was in fact coming from a bag scrunched up under the middle of the bed. She pressed her shoulder hard against the bedframe and reached out for a grip on the bag’s handles. There meanwhile came the sound of footsteps running down the corridor in the direction of Kaz’s room. Josie froze, feeling almost as exposed as when she had been strapped upside down in a car seat with a murderer slitting throats. The person, however, kept on running by her room without pause. It was a reprieve, though Josie also took it as absolute proof Kaz’s body had been discovered. All hell was about to break loose. 
Josie returned her attention to the bag, lunging at it with the same desperation she had the glovebox in that burning car. She got her fingertips on one of the handles and edged the bag close enough that she could take a firmer hold. She yanked it out from under the bed and was shocked to find that it was her handbag, the one she had brought to Melbourne for Beak’s trial. With a sense of grim foreboding, she opened it slowly and peered inside. A primeval gasp involuntarily escaped from her throat as she realised it was the thermo-thermometre making the noise. The pre-set .83 degrees was flashing in red on its screen, just as it had on the Black Spur when the icy apparition filled her car. Josie turned off the alarm and shoved the thermo-thermometre back into the bag along with the bloodied knife. Her mind raced over how it had come to be there in the first place. Someone must have retrieved it from the wrecked Peugeot for her. She took out a pack of tissues and hand sanitiser and scrubbed the blood off her hands as best she could. She scrubbed and scrubbed and stuffed all the incriminating evidence into the handbag before sliding it as far under the bed as she could. She then climbed back into the bed and lifted the top-sheet over her head. She was still so cold.
