








DIANE D
In The Headlines
Volume 2

Part 2

by 
Doris Miller











Published by:

Hill Publications
Queens, New York


DIANE D
In The Headlines
Volume 2

Part 2

by 
Doris Miller

This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and events depicted in this novel are the author's creation and any resem­blance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is uninten­tional and purely coincidental.

Copyright © 2004 by Doris Miller
All rights reserved
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
First print version January 2015

Adapted from the script
The Headlines And Articles Of 
DIANE D
Volume 2
First written in 2003

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, digital or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, posting on the Internet/World Wide Web or by any information storage and retrieval system without written permission from the author or publisher except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review.
Book production by 
Hill Publications
1. Title. 2. Author
Library of Congress Control Number 2013940365
ISBN No. 978-0-9662055-4-1 Softcover











Chapter 27

Jonathan Tells Candis Shocking Information About Diane D


It is around 12:00 midnight.  Candis is sitting inside her living room sipping some tea from a tea cup as she reads a book.  The telephone suddenly rings.  Candis looks up from the book and looks at the telephone.  She puts the book aside, gets up and goes to the telephone.  She picks up the telephone receiver, puts it to her ear and says, “Hello?” 
“Hey Candis,” Jonathan says from the other end of the phone.  “It‘s me.”
“Hey Jonathan!  How’s it going?!  Did you get any news?  Did you find out what happened to Diane D?  Did you find out why she kung fu kicked that storage room door and got arrested?”
“Yep, I sure did.”
“You did?!  Well what happened?!”
“It’s sort of a long story Candis.”
“A long story?”
“Yeah.”
“I have all the time in the world Jonathan.”
“Okay, but I’ll make this story as quick as possible.”
“Okay.  So what happened?”
“Remember when we talked on the phone before, about Diane D being on birth control pills to keep herself from getting pregnant, then you asked me ‘what about her cousin Dana‘, that what if her cousin Dana were to get pregnant by Diane D’s husband, and I told you that Dana is on the pill too?”
“Yeah I remember!”
“Then you asked me, what if those birth control pills didn’t work, and Dana would have gotten pregnant by Diane D’s husband, and I told you, that Dana would have most likely got rid of the baby, then you asked me, ‘what did I mean by that‘, and I told you, that Dana would have gotten an abortion because she had an abortion before?”
“Yeah I remember all of that!” 
“Well guess what!”
“What?”
“Diane D’s cousin Dana strikes again!   She had another abortion!”
“What!   Diane D’s cousin Dana had another abortion?!”
“Yep, she sure did!”
“You mean she was pregnant?!”
“Exactly!”
“Oh my God!  How do you know that?!”
“My friend Brandon who works at the hospital told me that word got around the hospital, that Diane D‘s cousin Dana had an abortion a few days ago!” 
“What!  Diane D‘s cousin Dana had an abortion a few days ago?!”
“Yeah, this past Monday!”
“This past Monday?!”
“That’s what I heard!”
“Oh my God, Diane D’s cousin Dana had another abortion!   She becomes a baby killer again!  My goodness, how can Dana do something like that, Jonathan?!”
“I told you before Candis, Dana doesn’t want any children!”
“So she gets another abortion?!”
“Yep, she went and got another abortion!  So now she can add this recent abortion to her resume.”
“Add this recent abortion to her resume?!  Why don’t she just add baby killer to her resume!  How many abortions has Diane D’s cousin Dana had altogether?!”
“I think this is probably her fourth one.”
“Her fourth abortion?!”
“I think.  Look Candis, Dana had so many abortions, I think she lost count.”
“Lost count?!  That is so wrong!”
“What is so wrong Candis, that Dana probably lost count, or that she had another abortion?”
“All the above Jonathan!  The whole thing is wrong!”
“How is it wrong Candis?!”
“Because Jonathan, don’t you see?!  Dana is blessed to be able to get pregnant, but what does she do instead, she gets rid of her unborn babies, that’s what is wrong!  Jonathan, there are so many women out there who want children, but can’t have any!  They’re not able to get pregnant or if they do get pregnant, they miscarry!  I know a couple of women in my life who had several miscarriages!  They can’t carry a baby to full term and lose their baby!  My sister had four miscarriages, four!   Dana is blessed to get pregnant four times but instead, she terminates her pregnancies!   It’s women like her that get me so frustrated!”
“Candis, even though Dana is bless to be able to get pregnant, she still has the right to choose to terminate those pregnancies!  She still has the right not to have any children at all if she doesn’t want any, whether you or anybody else like it or not!”
“Jonathan why don’t Dana just stop sleeping around, then she wouldn’t be getting pregnant in the first place!  Where was Diane D during this last abortion Dana had?”
“I think Diane D was right there in the room with Dana again while Dana was having this last abortion!”
“What!  Diane D was in the room with her cousin Dana again while her cousin Dana was getting another abortion?!”
“Yeah!  She was right there hugging and holding on to Dana while Dana was having this recent abortion!”
“She was?!”
“Yeah.  I guess she was there so she can give Dana some moral support again.”
“Give Dana some moral support again?!  So she becomes an accessory again to her cousin Dana’s unborn baby killings!   Why doesn’t Diane D ever try to stop her cousin Dana from getting abortions Jonathan?!”
“Why would Diane D stop her cousin Dana from getting abortions Candis?!  I think it might have been Diane D’s idea in the first place for her cousin Dana to get abortions!”
“What!  You think it was Diane D’s own idea for her cousin Dana to get abortions?!”
“Yeah!”
“What makes you think that Jonathan?!”
“I think Dana got pregnant by Diane D’s husband when she had this last abortion!”
“What!  Dana got pregnant by Diane D’s husband?!”
“Yeah!  He accidentally got Dana pregnant this last pregnancy and I heard he accidentally got Dana pregnant before, around two years ago!”
“What!  Diane D’s husband got Dana pregnant twice?!”
“Yeah!  Both times Diane D told her husband that Dana has to get rid of the baby before their family finds out!”
“What!  Diane D told her husband that Dana has to get rid of the baby before their family finds out?!  Oh my God!”
“Yeah!  The first time Diane D’s husband accidentally got Dana pregnant, I heard that Diane D tried to abort the baby out of Dana herself!”
“What!  Wait a minute, slow down Jonathan!  What do you mean Diane D tried to abort the baby out of Dana herself?!”
“The doctor who works inside the abortion clinic at the hospital Diane D works at later found out, that Diane D tried to abort her own cousin’s baby at first!” 
“What!  The doctor who works inside the abortion clinic found out that Diane D tried to abort her own cousin’s baby?!”
“Yeah!”
“How?”
“Brandon told me that Ryan, one of the guys who works at the hospital Diane D works in, was walking down the hallway area of the clinic a week and a half ago when he happen to overhear Diane D and her husband Michael’s conversation inside one of the offices that had the door closed!  Ryan told Brandon that he overheard Diane D’s husband confess to Diane D that he had sex with Dana!”
“What!  A hospital employee named Ryan overheard Diane D’s husband confess to Diane D that he had sex with her cousin Dana?!”
“Yeah!  Ryan overheard Diane D’s husband say to her that when he saw Dana laying down on the bed sleeping, he got horny then had sex with her and he think he might have accidentally gotten Dana pregnant!”  
“What!  He told his own wife, that when he saw her cousin laying down on the bed sleeping, he got horny then had sex with her cousin and he think he might have accidentally gotten her own cousin pregnant?!”
“Yeah!”
“What did Diane D do?!”
“I heard she panicked!”
“She panicked?!”
“Yeah!  The same thing happened two years ago when Diane D’s husband first got Dana pregnant.”
“Oh yeah?!”
“Yeah!  The first time Diane D’s husband accidentally got Dana pregnant, Cody, another employee at the hospital was standing outside one of the hospital rooms that had the door shut.  He overheard Diane D’s husband confess to Diane D, that he had sex with Dana and he think he might have accidentally gotten Dana pregnant!”
“What!  Two years ago, another hospital employee overheard Diane D’s husband confessing to Diane D that he had sex with her cousin Dana and he think he might have accidentally gotten her cousin Dana pregnant?!”
“Yeah!”
“Oh my God!  What did Diane D do at that time?”
“I heard she panicked then too!”
“She did?!”
“Yeah!  Cody overheard Diane D telling her husband that she’s going to go to her Grandmother Gracy’s house that night to give Dana a pregnancy test!   I heard when Diane D went to her grandmother Gracy’s house that night and discovered that her cousin Dana was actually pregnant, I heard she flipped!”
“She did?!”
“Yeah!  I heard that she got scared that this incident of her own husband getting her cousin Dana pregnant would get back to her family!  That following day, Diane D requested to start working inside the abortion clinic!”
“What!  Diane D requested to start working inside the abortion clinic?!”
“Yeah!”
“Why in the world would she request to start working inside the abortion clinic?!”
“That’s what some hospital employees wondered.  The doctor told some hospital employees that Diane D wanted to watch live abortions and wanted to learn and see how abortions are done!”
“What!  Diane D wanted to watch live abortions and wanted to learn and see how they are done?!”
“Yeah.”
“Why in the world would she want to learn and see how live abortions are done?”
“I know, so she started working inside the abortion room!”
“She started working inside the abortion room?!”
“Yeah.  The doctor was wondering why Diane D suddenly became interested in learning about abortions and was wondering why would she even want to see live abortions!”
“See live abortions?!  How can she just stand there and watch abortions?!  Isn’t she sickened by seeing something like that?!”
“I don’t know!”
“How many live abortions have Diane D watched and seen?!”
“The doctor said Diane D has watched and seen almost six live abortions that week!”
“Six live abortions?!”  
“That‘s what the doctor said!  But the doctor said he didn’t know that Diane D was secretly taking notes!”
“Secretly taking notes?”
“Yeah!  He said he didn’t know that Diane D was secretly planning to use that very same technique on her own cousin!”
“Oh my God!”
“The doctor said around a week later, Diane D requested to work the night shift at the hospital!”
“She requested to work the night shift?!”
“Yeah, so two nights later, she worked the night shift!”
“She did?”
“Yeah!  After that, the doctor from the abortion clinic noticed some abortion tools and some objects missing from the abortion clinic.”
“What!  The doctor from the abortion clinic noticed some abortion tools and some objects missing from the abortion clinic?!”
“Yeah.  Then while Diane D was working the night shift, Brandon told me that Josh and another employee name Shane saw Diane D from a distance sneaking her cousin Dana down the other end of the hallway then saw Diane D sneak her cousin Dana into one of the empty clinic rooms, then they heard Diane D shut the door behind herself and Dana, then they heard her lock the door.  Brandon told me that Josh and Shane hurried and tiptoed right towards the outside of the door to find out what was going on!   When they reached the outside of the door, they stopped, then they pinned their ears to the door to listen through it!  When Josh and Shane pinned their ears to the door, they could overhear Diane D having her cousin Dana lie down on the table!”
“They did?”
“Yeah.  A couple of minutes later, Josh and Shane said they could hear Diane D using the abortion tools and objects on Dana!”
“What!  Josh and Shane heard Diane D using the abortion tools on her cousin?!”
“Yeah!  They said they could hear her trying to suck and pull the unborn baby right out of her own cousin!”
“Oh my God!   Did they hear Dana screaming?!  Did she scream?!”
“No, they said they never heard any screaming coming from inside that room at all!”
“They didn’t?!”
“No!  They said all they kept hearing was Diane D trying to suck and pull the unborn baby right out of her cousin!”
“Oh my God!”
“Josh and Shane said if they would have heard Dana screaming, they would have tried to burst the door open and go into the room to stop Diane D, but since they never once heard Dana screaming, they didn’t do anything, they just continued to listen outside the door!”
“My God, is Diane D licensed to give an abortion to anybody?!”
“No she’s not licensed at all, she’s not a doctor!  Even though she doesn’t have a doctor’s license, that didn’t stop her from trying to suck and pull the unborn baby right out of her own cousin!”
“My God!”
“When that didn’t work out, Josh and Shane overheard Diane D giving up!”
“They did?”
“Yeah.  I heard that next day, Diane D took her cousin Dana right to an abortion clinic away from the hospital where she works at.  That’s when Diane D told the doctor there to abort her cousin Dana’s baby, so the doctor at that abortion clinic had Dana lie down on the table.  That’s when Diane D had the doctor abort the baby right out of Dana’s womb!”
 “Oh my goodness!  Why didn’t Diane D and her cousin Dana just go to the abortion clinic in the first place instead of Diane D trying to suck and pull the unborn baby out herself?!”
“Because Diane D figured, that since a lot of people know who she is, sooner or later, they will start talking which is exactly what the doctor, Cody and Shane did!  That’s how this sort of information got around that time.  Diane D was afraid that this information of her husband getting her cousin Dana pregnant would get back to her family, that‘s why she tried to cover it up by doing the abortion herself and keep quiet about it, but since trying to do the abortion herself didn‘t work out for her, that‘s when she gave in and decided to take Dana to an abortion clinic away from the hospital.”
“My God!”
“After Diane D finished doing what she did with Dana, I heard that she told her husband why don’t he get a vasectomy!”
“What!  She told her husband why don’t he get a vasectomy?!”
“That’s what I heard.”
“Why would Diane D suggest for her husband to get a vasectomy?!  Doesn’t she want children someday, at least children from him?”
“I’m not sure if Diane D ever wants any children at all Candis, she keeps taking birth control pills!  She’s been on birth control pills ever since she was a teenager and as far as I know, she’s still on birth control pills!  That’s telling me right there that she doesn’t want any children!”
“Maybe she doesn’t want any children right now Jonathan, but doesn’t she want children later on in life?“
“I don’t know what Diane D wants later on in life Candis!  All I know, is that I heard she told her husband to get a vasectomy, then I heard she requested to start working inside the vasectomy clinic!”
“What!  Wait a minute!  Am I hearing this right?!  Diane D requested to start working inside the vasectomy clinic?!”
“Yeah!”
“Why would she request to start working inside the vasectomy clinic?!  Oh no!  Don‘t tell me that she was trying to learn about vasectomies and wanted to watch and see how they are done!”
“That’s exactly what she wanted to do, learn about vasectomies and watch and see how they are done!”
“My God, why in the world would she want to watch and learn about that?!  Don’t tell me she wanted to do a vasectomy on her own husband!”
“That’s exactly what she wanted to do!”
“Oh my God!  So what happened?!”
“So she started working inside the vasectomy room!”
“She started working inside the vasectomy room?!”
“Yeah!  The doctor there was wondering why Diane D suddenly became interested in learning about vasectomies and wondered why would she even want to see live vasectomies!   A week later, Diane D requested to work the night shift at the hospital again!”
“She requested to work the night shift again?!”
“Yeah!”
“Then what happened?”
“She worked the night shift again!”
“Oh my God!”
“Then the doctor from the vasectomy clinic said he noticed some vasectomy tools and objects missing from the vasectomy clinic!”
“What!  The doctor from the vasectomy clinic notice vasectomy tools and objects missing from the vasectomy clinic too?!”
“Yeah.”
“My God, I‘m afraid to find out what happened next!”
“Well while Diane D was working the night shift, Brandon told me that Cody and Shane saw Diane D sneaking her husband down the other end of the hallway.”
“What?  Cody and Shane saw Diane D sneaking her husband down the other end of the hallway?”
“Yeah.”
“Just like they saw her sneak her cousin Dana down there.”
“Yeah.  They saw Diane D and her husband go into the same empty clinic room Diane D brought her cousin Dana in, then Cody and Shane heard Diane D shut the door behind herself and her husband, then they heard her lock the door.  Brandon told me that Cody and Shane hurried and tiptoed right towards the outside of the clinic room door just like they did when they saw Diane D sneak her cousin Dana in there!   When they reached the outside of the door, they stopped and pinned their ears to the door to listen through it!  When Cody and Shane pinned their ears to the door, they overheard Diane D telling her husband that she got the vasectomy tools ready so why don’t he lay down on the table so she can get him fixed!”
“What!  Cody and Shane overheard Diane D tell her husband that she got the vasectomy tools ready so why don’t he lay down on the table so she can get him fixed?!”
“Yeah!  I heard she wanted to give him a vasectomy right there!”
“What!  Diane D wanted to give her husband a vasectomy right there?  Are you serious Jonathan?!”
“Yeah I’m serious!”
“Wow, this story is getting more bizarre by the minute!  Then what happened?!”
“Cody and Shane overheard Diane D trying to get her husband to lie down on the table!”
“They overheard Diane D trying to get her husband to lie down on the table?!”
“Yeah, but he refused!”
“He refused?!”
“Yeah!  I heard that he told Diane D that she’s not a doctor and she’s not going to give him any vasectomy!”
“What!  He told Diane D that?!”
“Yeah!”
“Good for him!  I’m glad he told her that!  Then what happened?!”
“I heard Diane D and her husband had an argument right inside the room!”
“They did?”
“Yeah!  Then Cody and Shane said they overheard Diane D was about to walk out the room so they hurried and dashed back down the other end of the hallway and went around the corner!  That‘s when they peaked around the corner and saw Diane D angrily walking out the room then go into the stairwell down that end of the hallway!”
“She did?“
“Yeah!  After word got around the hospital that Diane D tried to abort her own cousin‘s baby and tried to give her husband a vasectomy, I heard the police went after her!”
“The police went after her?”
“Yeah!  They went to the hospital to arrest her!”
“What!  The police went to the hospital to arrest Diane D?!”
“Yeah, they were going to arrest her for reckless endangerment!”
“Reckless endangerment?!”
“Yeah, because they said suppose something would have went wrong with Dana when Diane D tried to abort the baby out of her and said suppose something would have went wrong with her husband when Diane D tried to give him a vasectomy!”
“So they were going to arrest her for that?!”
“Of course they were going to arrest her for that because she’s not a doctor!  The police said Diane D had no right to try to perform an abortion or a vasectomy on anybody!  They said what Diane D tried to do is illegal and she can go to jail or prison for it!”
“Oh yeah?!”
“Yeah!  But it wasn‘t proven that Diane D tried to abort her own cousin‘s baby or give her husband a vasectomy.”
“It wasn’t proven?”
“No, she denied it!”
“She denied it?!”
“Yeah!”
“Just like she denied to the police about me last year, telling them that she never threatened me over the telephone and told them that she sped all the way from her family’s organization to the parking lot behind my apartment building to meet up with some friend when she knew she came to the parking lot to come after me!   She also lied and told the police that she’s never seen me before in her life when she knew she had!  Diane D is a good liar!”
“Well obviously her lies worked for her Candis, because she never got charged in this attempted abortion incident or this attempted vasectomy incident.”
“She never got charged?!”
“No.”
“Well those two hospital employees, Cody and Shane, witnessed Diane D sneaking her cousin Dana into one of the empty clinic rooms that night and overheard everything from outside the door, and they witnessed Diane D sneaking her husband into one of the empty clinic rooms on a different night and overheard Diane D putting pressure on her husband to let her give him a vasectomy!  Didn’t they come forward and tell the police what they saw and heard?!”
“No I don’t think so.  I don’t think Cody and Shane wanted to get involved and I don’t think that they meant to get Diane D in trouble.  They said they would have only gotten involved if they would have heard Dana screaming or if they would have heard a physical fight erupt between Diane D and her husband, but since they never heard Dana scream and never heard a physical fight between Diane D and her husband, they left it alone.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“Did the police ask Dana if the attempted abortion was true or not or did they ask Diane D‘s husband if the attempted vasectomy was true or not?”
“I think the police asked Diane D’s husband about the attempted vasectomy.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“What did he say?”
“He denied it!”
“He denied it?!”
“Yeah!”
“Why did he deny it?!”
“Because he was trying to cover up for Diane D!  He didn’t want her to get in trouble either!”
“But what about her cousin Dana?  Did the police ask Dana if the attempted abortion was true or not?”
“No I don’t think they asked Dana.”
“They didn‘t?”
“No.”
“Why not?!”
“I don’t know.  Maybe they felt Dana might deny it and cover up for Diane D also.”
“I don’t understand, why would Dana even trust Diane D in the first place and allow Diane D to stick an object up inside of her and try to abort her unborn baby out of herself?!”
“Because Dana probably was willing to take the risk of Diane D trying to abort her unborn baby herself rather than herself and Diane D have their family find out about Dana possibly being pregnant by Diane D’s husband!”
“Oh!  So in other words, Diane D and her cousin Dana were more afraid of their family more than they were afraid of the do-it-yourself abortion?!”
“Yeah they were afraid of their family, especially their moms because I hear Diane D‘s mom and Dana‘s mom don‘t play!”
“I know Diane D’s mom don’t play, since she’s the one who be whacking Diane D upside her head!”
“Well I heard Dana’s mom whacked Dana upside her head too after she and the rest of their family overheard Dana and Diane D’s husband in the bedroom together with the bed bouncing and the door locked while Diane D and Dana‘s boyfriend Tony took off somewhere together for several hours just to go to a pharmacy.”
“My God!   Jonathan, let me ask you something.  If both Diane D and her cousin Dana take birth control pills, how come only Dana accidentally gets pregnant?”
“Diane D told me before that her cousin Dana skips taking the birth control pills at times because birth control pills usually give her cousin Dana side affects and Dana doesn’t like the side affects birth control pills give her, so therefore Dana would deliberately skip the birth control pills, that’s why she would accidentally get pregnant and Diane D don‘t.”
“So I guess Diane D don’t suffer side affects from the birth control pills like her cousin Dana.”
“I guess not.”
“So whenever Dana accidentally does get pregnant, she just terminates her pregnancies, huh.”
“Exactly.”
“Were all of Dana’s terminated pregnancies by Diane D’s husband?!”
“No, I think just two of them.  The other terminated pregnancies were probably by her boyfriend Tony.”
“Her boyfriend Tony?”
“Yeah.”
“If those other terminated pregnancies were probably by her boyfriend Tony, why didn’t Dana keep THOSE babies?!”
“Because I don’t think Dana wants any children at all Candis, no matter who the biological father would have been!”
“My goodness!  So Diane D never told you that part about herself trying to abort the unborn baby out of her cousin Dana herself or that she tried to give her husband a vasectomy or that Dana’s unborn baby might have been by her husband?”
“No she left all that part out.  I heard about those parts the same way other people heard about them, through word-of-mouth.”
“You didn’t ask her about them?!”
“No, I’m not going to ask Diane D about those parts Candis!  If she didn’t volunteer any of that information to me on her own, I certainly wasn’t going to say anything about them!   I would just rather for her to bring the subject up first.”
“Well maybe she was waiting for you to bring the subject up first to see if you’ve heard about them!”
“Yes I have heard about them.  I just wasn’t going to say anything to her about them unless she brought them up first.”
“My God, does their family know about this?”
“I think they know of Dana’s abortions Candis, but I don’t think they suspect that any of Dana’s unborn babies might have been by Diane D’s husband and I don’t think they know that Diane D tried to abort those babies out of Dana herself!”
“Abort those babies herself?!  How many times have Diane D tried to abort her cousin Dana’s unborn babies?!”
“I heard she tried to abort Dana’s baby both times her husband accidentally got Dana pregnant!”
“Diane D tried to abort her cousin Dana’s baby twice?!”
“Yeah!”
“Oh my God!”
“And I don’t think Diane D’s family knows that Diane D tried to give her husband a vasectomy!”
“My God!”
“When Ryan overheard Diane D’s husband confess to Diane D a week and a half ago that he had sex with Dana and think he accidentally got Dana pregnant again, that’s when she panicked again!  Ryan overheard Diane D telling her husband that he’s stupid and everything for making the same mistake again!  Then Ryan overheard Diane D tell her husband that she has to go to her grandmother Gracy’s house that night to give Dana a pregnancy test!  Ryan said the next day, he overheard that Diane D went to her grandmother Gracy’s home the night before and secretly gave her cousin Dana another pregnancy!  When the pregnancy test came back positive and Diane D discovered that her cousin Dana was actually pregnant again, I heard she flipped again!”
“She flipped again?!” 
“Yeah!”
“What did she do?”
“I heard that she got scared that this second incident of her own husband getting her cousin Dana pregnant again might get back to her family and the community!” 
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah!”
“So what happened?!”
“Guess what?”
“What?”
“She requested to start working inside the abortion clinic again!”
“Oh no!”
“She went right back to where she started from, inside the abortion room to watch live abortions again so she can secretly give herself more lessons figuring this time, she would get it right!”
“Oh no!”
“So a week and a half ago, Diane D requested to work the night shift again.”
“She requested to work the night shift again?!”
“Yeah, so she got to work the night shift again!”
“Oh my God!”
“Then the doctor who works inside the abortion clinic noticed that some abortion tools and objects from the abortion clinic were missing again!”
“They went missing again?!”
“Yeah!”
“Why the hell did the hospital allow Diane D to work inside the abortion clinic again?!  Didn‘t they learn from the last time?!”
“No because it wasn‘t proven that Diane D tried to give her cousin Dana an abortion Candis, it wasn‘t proven, that‘s why she got to work inside the abortion clinic again!  Then a few nights ago, Brandon told me that Shane and another employee name Josh saw Diane D from a distance sneaking her cousin Dana into one of the empty clinic rooms again, then they heard the door shut behind Dana and Diane D, then they heard the door lock.  Brandon told me that Shane and Josh hurried and tiptoed right towards the outside of the door!   When they reached the outside of the door, they stopped, then pinned their ears to the door to listen through it!  When they listened through the door, they could overhear Diane D having her cousin Dana lie down on the table again!  Then they overheard Diane D using the abortion tools and objects on Dana again!”
“They did?”
“Yeah!  They could overhear her trying to suck and pull the unborn baby out of her own cousin again!”
“Oh no!  Did they hear Dana scream this time?!”
“No, they said they didn’t hear any screaming coming from inside that room!”
“They still didn’t hear Dana screaming?!”
“No!”
“My God, did Diane D succeed this second time she tried to abort her cousin Dana‘s unborn baby?!”
“No, she failed again!”
“She did?!”
“She sure did!”
“Good for her!   I’m glad she failed!”
“That’s when Shane and Josh overheard Diane D giving up again!”
“She gave up again?”
“She sure did!  The next day, Shane and Josh heard that Diane D took her cousin Dana right to another abortion clinic away from the hospital.  That’s when Diane D told the doctor there to abort her cousin Dana’s baby, so the doctor had Dana lie down on the table.  That’s when Diane D had the doctor abort another baby out of Dana’s womb!”
“My Goodness!” 
“The next day, Diane D requested to start working inside the vasectomy clinic again!”
“What!  She requested to start working inside the vasectomy clinic again?!”
“Yeah!  She wanted to watch and see how live vasectomies are done again, so she started working inside the vasectomy room again!”
“Oh no!”   
“Right after that, the doctor from the vasectomy clinic notice some tools and objects missing from the vasectomy clinic again!”
“Oh yeah?!”
“Yeah!   That same night, Brandon told me that Cody and Shane saw Diane D walking alone in the distance going into one of the empty clinic rooms again then shut the door behind herself, then they heard her lock the door.  Brandon told me that Cody and Shane hurried and tiptoed right towards the outside of the door to find out what was going on!   When they reached the outside of the door, they stopped then they pinned their ears to the door to listen through it again!  When Cody and Shane listened through the door, they overheard Diane D talking to her husband on the phone, telling him to come meet her at the hospital again!”
“Cody and Shane overheard Diane D telling her husband to come meet her at the hospital again?!”
“Yeah.  They overheard Diane D tell her husband that she got the room waiting for him again!”
“She told her husband that she got the room waiting for him again?!”
“Yeah!  Then Cody and Shane overheard Diane D telling her husband that she got the vasectomy tools ready for him so he should come to the hospital!”
“What!  She told her husband that she got the vasectomy tools ready for him so he should come to the hospital?!”
“Yeah!”
“Then what happened?!”
“Her husband refused to show up!”
“What!  He refused to show up?!”
“Yeah!  I heard Diane D got mad at him over the phone and was telling him she can‘t take the risk of him getting Dana or any other member of her family pregnant again and told him to get his ass to the hospital.”
“She told him that?”
“That’s what I heard.”
“Then what happened?  Did her husband eventually show up?”
“No he still refused to show up, then I heard that Diane D got pissed off!”
“She did?!”
“Yeah!  Cody and Shane said they overheard Diane D about to leave the room.  Then they said they quickly backed away from the clinic room door when they heard Diane D was about to come out the room, then they turned and hurried back down the other end of the hallway.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.  Cody and Shane said when they turned the corner, they heard Diane D coming out the room.  They said when they went to poke their heads around the corner, Shane accidentally bumped right into one of the carts that had a tray sitting on top of it and caused the tray to fall right on the floor making a loud sound!”
“He did?”
“Yeah!”
“Oh my God!  Then what happened?!  Did Diane D hear the tray fall?”
“I guess she did because as soon as that happened, Cody and Shane said they heard her footsteps coming!”
“What!  They heard Diane D’s footsteps coming?!”
“Yeah!”
“Oh no, what did they do?!”
“They said they got out of there and quietly ran into the stairwell at the end of their corner!”
“They did?”
“Yeah.  Cody and Shane said when they got to the lower level of the back hallway of the clinic area, they tried to open one of the clinic room doors to hide from Diane D, but that door was locked, they couldn’t get in!  Then they went to another clinic room door!  They tried to open that door, but it was locked too!  Then they went to a third clinic room door!  They tried to open the third clinic room door, but it was locked also!  Then they went right to the storage room door which was slightly open.”
“The storage room door?  You mean the storage room door that was written about in the paper?”
“Yes that door!  Cody and Shane pushed on the storage room door and tried to get it open, but that door did not open any further.”
“It didn’t?”
“No, something was behind the door blocking it from being opened.”
“Oh yeah?  What was it?”
“Cody and Shane said they could see it was large file cabinets in there that fell against the door preventing the door from opening any further.  They said they tried to push that storage room door open again, but it still didn’t budge.  Then Shane said he and Cody tried to kick the door open a few times, but it still didn’t open that much.  Then Cody and Shane said they heard Diane D’s footsteps coming down the stairwell.”
“What?  They heard her footsteps coming down the stairwell?”
“Yeah!”
“My God, what did they do?”
“They said they panicked!”
“They panicked?”
“Yeah!”
“Then what did they do?!”
“They said they hurried down the end of the hallway and hid behind some carts and boxes.  When they bent down behind the carts and boxes, they peaked through the carts and boxes and saw Diane D coming from around the corner down the other end of the hallway.”
“They her down the end of the hallway?”
“Yeah!”
“Oh my God!  What did they saw her do?”
“Cody and Shane said they saw Diane D looking around.”
“She was looking around?”
“Yeah.”
“For what or whom?”
“Obviously she was looking around for whom or whatever caused that tray to fall!  Then Cody and Shane said they saw Diane D go from one clinic room door to another clinic room door turning the knob trying to get each door open, but the clinic room doors were still locked, she couldn‘t open them.  Then they said the storage room door was closing and made a squealing sound.  When Diane D heard the squealing sound, she turned around and saw the storage room door closing.  She thought someone was hiding inside there.”
“She did?”
“Yeah, so Cody and Shane saw Diane D go right to the storage room door and saw her try to push the storage room door open further, but the door still didn’t budge.  It still didn’t open any further.  Cody and Shane saw Diane D trying again to get the storage room door open further, but she still couldn’t get it open further!  Then Cody and Shane said they saw Diane D step back, then they saw her bend and get into a kung fu position.”
“What?  She got into a kung fu position?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh no!”
“That‘s when they said she ran straight to the storage room door, jumped, spun her entire body around, did a turn-around side kick and kung fu kicked the storage room door wide open!”
“What!  She jumped, spun her entire body around and did a turn-around side kick when she kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open?!”
“Yeah!”
“That’s the part that was written in the newspaper, about the two male hospital employees witnessing Diane D kung fu kicking the storage room door wide open?!”
“Yeah that‘s the part that was written in the newspaper!”
“Oh my God!  So THEY’RE the witnesses, Cody and Shane!”
“Yes Candis, they’re the witnesses.  Cody and Shane said the door banged open so wide and so hard that it banged right against whatever was behind it knocking the stuff down crashing the stuff right to the floor!”
“She knocked whatever was behind the door to the floor?!”
“Yeah!”
“My God!”
“And she practically knocked the door right off its hinges!”
“Yeah I read that part!”
“Cody and Shane said they couldn’t believe what they saw!”
“I bet they couldn’t!”
“They said they were both frozen with fear, they couldn’t even move!”
“I bet they were frozen with fear, seeing that powerful strength Diane D had!  I wouldn‘t be able to move either if I saw and witnessed something like that!”
“I know!  Cody and Shane said they saw Diane D kick the door again then go right inside the storage room.”
“Yeah I read that part too!”
“Cody and Shane said when they saw Diane D go into the storage room, they were still frozen with fear and couldn’t move!  They said once they were able to move, they got the hell out of there and ran right back down the hallway past the storage room while Diane D was still in there banging the furniture around!  Then they ran back around the corner and ran back into the stairwell because they didn’t want the next thing Diane D kung fu kicks and knocks down to be them!  They said they didn’t want to wind up like those security guards, the correction officers and that little boy Marcus!”
“I don‘t blame them!  I would have gotten the hell out of there too because Diane D is crazy!  She turns into a ferocious beast whenever she gets mad, angry and out of control!  God knows would have happened to Cody and Shane if she would have found them hiding inside that storage room or in that back hallway!  My goodness!  It sounds like Diane D was determined to find whoever was in that hallway and caused that tray to drop!  And it sounds like she was determined for her husband to never get her cousin Dana pregnant again and determined for her cousin Dana to never have her husband‘s baby and determined for their family not to ever find out about it!”
“But word got out again that Diane D tried to abort her cousin Dana‘s unborn baby!”
“It did?!”
“Yeah.  When this information got around, that’s when the police came to the hospital and arrested Diane D right there!”
“So that‘s why she got arrested?!”
“Yep that‘s why!”
“So she didn’t really get arrested for kung fu kicking that storage room door or damaging the storage room.  She really got arrested for trying to abort her cousin Dana’s baby!”
“She did get arrested for kung fu kicking that storage room door and damaging the storage room too!  She got arrested for property damage!”
“She did?”
“Yeah!  But she claims she never damaged any property because she claims she was never down in the lower level of the clinic area!  She claims that she never even went down the stairs after she heard the tray drop so she’s saying that she never kung fu kicked any door!”
“She claims she was never down in the lower level of the clinic area and that she never kung fu kicked a door?!”
“Yes that’s exactly what she’s claiming!”
“Is she trying to claim that memory loss again, just like she claim memory loss when she was accused of beating up that little boy inside the school hallway?!”
“It seems that way Candis!  But Diane D mainly got arrested for trying to abort her cousin Dana’s baby.  That’s what she mainly got arrested for.”
“My God!  No wonder why she was determined to look for and find whoever was in that hallway and caused that tray to drop!  Because she knew that whoever was in that hallway might have overheard her conversation inside that clinic room and know that she tried to abort her cousin Dana‘s baby and tried to give her husband a vasectomy!  She was afraid word will get around and she‘ll wind up getting arrested for it and she did!”
“And she was afraid that word will get back to her family too.  She didn’t want that to happen either!  When the police came to the hospital to arrest Diane D, witnesses said that they saw Diane D backing away from the police, then saw her turn and try to run from them!”
“What!  Diane D tried to run from the police?!”
“Yeah!”
“That‘s a sign of guilt right there!  She tried to run from the police because she knows she‘s guilty!  If she wasn‘t guilty, she wouldn‘t have tried to run!”
“Well witnesses claim that the police caught up to Diane D and caused her to fall, knocking her down to the ground!”
“What!  The police knocked Diane D down to the ground?!”
“Yeah, then they placed both her hands behind her back while she was on the ground, handcuffed her and arrested her for reckless endangerment and trying to do an illegal abortion!”
“They actually arrested her the second time she was suspected of trying to do an illegal abortion?!”
“Yep they sure did!  The police also wanted to arrest her husband as well!”
“What!  The police wanted to arrest Diane D’s husband too?!”
“Yeah!”
“Why did they want to arrest him?!”
“Because they wondered if he was in on it, or if he knew what his wife was up to or if he knew what she was planning to do, but the police was mainly focusing on Diane D because they think she was the mastermind in all of that, that‘s why they arrested her.”
“Good for her!  I‘m glad the police actually arrested her this time!  She deserved to get arrested for trying to kill an innocent unborn child and trying to give her husband a vasectomy!  Good for her!”
“Well it wasn‘t good for Diane D too long Candis, because it wasn‘t proven that she tried to abort her cousin Dana’s baby again!”
“It wasn’t proven again?!”
“No it wasn’t!  She denied it again!”
“She did?!”
“Yeah!  She claims that these are all just allegations and vicious rumors about herself!”
“What!  Allegations and vicious rumors about herself?!”
“That‘s what she told the police!  She told the police that some people are just out to get her, that’s why they’re spreading these lies and vicious rumors about herself!”
“Oh really?!”
“Yeah, and since there was no proof again that Diane D tried to do an illegal abortion on her own cousin, she was let go again.”
“She was?!”
“Yeah!”
“Didn’t the police at least try to arrest her for trying to do an illegal vasectomy on her own husband the second time?!”
“No, the police can’t arrest Diane D for trying to do an illegal vasectomy on her husband the second time around because her husband never showed up at the hospital that night she spoke to him on the phone and told him to come there!  So there was no proof she tried to do an illegal vasectomy on him.  How can she attempt to do an illegal vasectomy on her husband if he’s not there?”
“So the police can’t arrest for that?”
“No because her husband never showed up!  He wasn‘t going to allow Diane D to cut him!  Where there is no victim there is no proof.”
“But those two hospital employees Cody and Shane did overhear Diane D talking to her husband on the telephone trying to get her husband to come to the hospital that night, telling her husband that she got the room ready for him!  Didn’t they come forward and tell the police what they overheard?!”
“They didn’t really want to get involved Candis!  They were afraid of Diane D after what they witnessed her do to that storage room door!  And they were afraid of her when they heard what she was doing to the furniture, once she went inside the storage room!  They didn’t want to be next!”
“I don’t blame them!”
“As far as Cody and Shane are concerned, Diane D’s husband was never harmed or killed in this incident, neither was her cousin Dana!   Diane D’s husband and her cousin Dana both came out alive and well after this entire ordeal!”
“Well thank God for that!  Where is Diane D at now?!”
“She’s at home with her family.”
“She is?“
“Yeah.”
“My God!  Does her family know about this?  Did they ever find out about this?!”
“Yeah her family found out about this incident both times the police came after Diane D and arrested her, but Diane D denied it to her family too!  She told her family that she never tried to abort Dana‘s unborn child and told them that she never tried to give her husband a vasectomy!  She told them that it was all ‘hear say‘.”
“That it was all ‘hear say‘?!  That‘s what she told her family?”
“Yeah that‘s what she told them!”
“Did her family ever question her husband or her cousin Dana about any of those attempted incidents to find out from THEM whether or not any of those attempted incidents are true?!”
“I think her family questioned her husband about the attempted vasectomy incident.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.  He denied it to them too.”
“He did?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?“
“He didn’t want Diane D to get into trouble by her family!“
“Did her family ever question her cousin Dana about the attempted abortion incident?!”
“No, I don’t think Diane D’s family questioned Dana about that incident.”
“They didn’t?!”
“Not that I know of.”
“Why haven’t they questioned Dana to find out from her whether or not it’s true that Diane D tried to abort her unborn baby out of her?!”
“I don’t think Diane D’s family want to question Dana about that, they didn’t want to ask her.”
“Why not?”
“Because they all felt that Dana went through enough.”  
“They did?”
“Yeah.” 
“Did the police ever question Dana and try to find out from her whether or not it’s true that Diane D tried to abort her unborn baby out of her?!” 
“No I don’t think the police ever questioned Dana about that either!”
“They didn‘t?”
“No.”
“Why haven’t they questioned Dana about that incident?!”
“I don’t think they wanted to question her.”
“Why not?”
“They didn’t want to ask her.”
“They didn’t want to ask her?”
“No.”
“Why didn‘t they want to ask her?!  Are they afraid that she’s going to go off and beat on cops again?!”
“No it’s not that.”
“Then why didn’t they want to ask her?!”
“They just didn’t want to, that‘s all!”
“My God is anybody going to question Dana at all about this attempted abortion incident?!  Nobody seems to be questioning her!  Did Dana ever knew Diane D got arrested?”
“Yeah I think she knew Diane D got arrested?”
“She did?”
“Yeah, but I don’t think she knows that the police caused Diane D to fall to the ground.”
“She doesn’t know about that part?”
“No she doesn’t know about that part, her family kept it from her.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?“
“They didn’t want her to know!”
“Why not?”
“Because they didn’t want to upset her.  They know that Dana would have flipped if she ever found out that the police caused Diane D to fall to the ground!”
“She would?”
“Hell yeah, she would have went ballistic, that’s why their family kept that information from her because they know Dana is protective of Diane D!  Remember what happened to that reporter Felix Green, right?!”
“Yeah I remember what happened to him.  It‘s terrible what happened to him!”
“It is, that’s why Diane D’s family want to make sure, that what happened to Felix Green doesn’t happen to anybody else!”
“I don’t blame them!  Did Diane D go to work back at the hospital after the police let her go?”
“Yeah she went to work back at the hospital today.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.  When she arrived there, the hospital told her that she’s not allowed to work in the abortion area of the hospital anymore.”
“What!  The hospital told Diane D she’s not allowed to work in the abortion area anymore?”  
“Yeah, they fired her from that area!”
“They did?!”
“Yeah  And they fired her from working in the vasectomy area too!”
“They did?!”
“Yeah!”
“Good for her!   She deserved to get fired from those areas, good for her!  The hospital should have fired her from those areas the first time they heard she tried to pull that do-it-yourself abortion stunt on her cousin and that do-it-yourself vasectomy stunt on her husband!”
“But it wasn’t proven that Diane D tried the do-it-yourself abortion on her own cousin or the do-it-yourself vasectomy on her husband the first time those two incidents happened, that’s why the hospital allowed her to work in the abortion area and the vasectomy area again!  This time when the hospital heard that Diane D tried the do-it-yourself abortion on her own cousin again, they fired her from that area because they don’t want to take any chances or risks with her!”
“I don’t blame them!”
“Last night, Brandon said he overheard Diane D telling her husband Michael and Dana’s boyfriend Tony that Dana can’t keep having abortions because abortions aren’t safe for Dana to keep having and she herself can‘t keep having the police and the hospital come after her!   Brandon overheard Diane D telling her husband and Dana’s boyfriend, that if they can’t control themselves from being horny and don’t have time to put on a condom then rush to have sex with Dana and risk getting her pregnant, she’s going to have to do SOMETHING to protect Dana from another accidental pregnancy since the birth control pills give Dana side affects!  She told her husband and Dana’s boyfriend that Dana is going to need some kind of other protection!   So I think Diane D took her cousin Dana to another doctor and told the doctor that Dana needs contraceptives.  So now I think Dana is on contraceptives!”
“She is?”
“I think.”
“Oh that‘s good.  I hope it works out for her, that way she won‘t accidentally get pregnant again and wind up killing another innocent unborn child.  You know Jonathan, I just don’t get it!”
“You just don’t get what Candis?”
“Why in the world, would Diane D even put up with her very own husband having sex with her very own cousin?!”
“What do you mean ‘put up with it‘?”
“It doesn‘t even sound like she was shocked, bothered or angry, that her husband had sex with her cousin!”
“It doesn’t?”
“No!  It sounded like she was only shocked, bothered and angry that he got her cousin pregnant!  It didn’t even sound like she was shocked, bothered or angry by their sexual encounter!  Why is she putting up with her husband having sex with her cousin?!”
“Because Diane D’s husband probably puts up with Dana’s boyfriend Tony having sex with Diane D!”
“What!  Dana‘s boyfriend Tony had sex with Diane D more than once?!”
“Yeah!”
“My God!  How many times has he had sex with Diane D?!”
“I think a lot of times.”
“A lot of times?!”
“Yeah.”
“Oh my God!  Doesn’t he already have Dana?”
“Yeah he already has Dana.  I guess he wants to have sex with both of them.”
“My goodness!  Why would Diane D’s husband even put up with Dana’s boyfriend Tony having sex with Diane D?!”
“Probably so he can have sex with Dana a lot of times!  You know, an even exchange.”
“An even exchange?!”
“Yeah.”
“You know Jonathan, I don’t know what the heck is the matter with you men!”
“You don’t know what the heck is the matter with us men?  What do you mean ’us men’ Candis?”
“You men are never satisfied with having sex with just one woman!  One woman is never enough for you guys!  Dana’s boyfriend be having sex with both Dana and Diane D!  Diane D’s husband be having sex with both Dana and Diane D!  You had sex with me and cheated on me by having sex with Diane D too!”
“Oh come on Candis!  Did you have to go there?!”
“Of course I had to go there Jonathan!  Can’t you see?!  Diane D and her cousin Dana are exchanging each other‘s partners!  So Diane D and her husband ARE living their life as swingers, with her very own cousin and her cousin‘s boyfriend, just like everyone suspected!  I’m just wondering, how many sex partners does Diane D have altogether?!”
“I don’t know Candis.”
“She probably doesn’t know either!”
“Oh come on Candis!  All I know, is that Diane D, her husband Michael, her cousin Dana and Dana’s boyfriend Tony have all booked the same hotel room inside many hotels before.”
“What do you mean?”
“All four of them be staying in the same room overnight inside hotels.”
“All four of them inside one hotel room?”
“Yeah.  They do that all the time.”
“They do?”
“Yeah.”
“The couples don’t book separate hotel rooms from each other?”
“Sometimes, but not all the time.  Most of the time, all four of them would stay in one room.”
“My God Jonathan!   It sounds like Diane D, her husband, her cousin Dana and Dana’s boyfriend might all be into group sex!”
“Group sex?”
“Yeah!”
“What do you mean ‘group sex‘?”
“After all, they do share each others’ partners, don‘t they?!”
“Oh come on Candis!  You shouldn‘t be too quick to judge them like that, just because they all share the same hotel room!  Maybe they all rather just book one hotel room instead of two separate rooms to save up on money!”
“Well if they can’t afford to book two separate hotel rooms, maybe they shouldn’t be booking hotel rooms in the first place!  You know what Jonathan, Diane D and her husband seem to have an open marriage!”
“An open marriage?”
“Yeah!  They both be having sex outside of their marriage with other partners!  Neither one of them seem to respect their marriage vows, because like I said before, Diane D is a slut!”
“Stop calling Diane D a slut Candis!”
“Okay I won’t call her slut Jonathan!  I’ll just call her a whore!”
“Don’t call her that either!”
“Okay I won’t call her a whore!  I’ll just call her a tramp!”
“A tramp?!”
“That’s right, a tramp!”
“Candis, would you care to go up to Diane D, and call her all those names in her face?!”
“Why?!   So she can spin her body around and kung fu kick me like she did that storage room door, those security guards and that little boy Marcus and punch me out like she did that ten foot pole inside that jail cell she was in?!  All those people and objects are permanently damaged!  Those security guards and that little boy Marcus wind up with broken bones, the hospital have to wind up ordering a new storage room door and new hinges because the original storage room door and hinges are damaged beyond repair and can‘t be fixed and that ten foot pole inside the jail cell can’t be straight again!  I don’t want to wind up like those security guards, that little boy Marcus and those objects!  I almost became like them when Diane D sped all the way in her car to the parking lot in the back of my apartment building to beat me up and she probably would have succeeded in beating the crap out of me if the police weren‘t there to stop her!  So therefore, I won’t go up to Diane D and call her those names in her face!  I don’t want to go anywhere near that psychopath!  I’ll just continue to call her those names from a safe distance!  One name I do need to call her, is ‘home wrecker’!  After all, she did ruin you and my relationship by having sex with you when she knew you already had a girlfriend, causing our engagement to be broken off!  And now she broke off a door’s hinges!  She seems very good at breaking off things!  She’s a home wrecker, a room wrecker and a door wrecker!  After hearing all of this, I realize that Diane D was never there in the abortion room to give her cousin Dana moral support!  She was only there to make sure that her cousin Dana have the abortions to keep her cousin Dana from ever having her husband’s child and not have their family ever find out about it!”
“Diane D WAS there to give her cousin Dana moral support Candis!  She was hugging and holding on to Dana the whole time!”
“She was probably hugging and holding on to Dana the whole time to keep Dana down to make sure Dana not move or get up!”
“Oh Candis please!  What about Dana’s other terminated pregnancies that WEREN’T by Diane D’s husband?!  Remember, Dana had four abortions altogether, but only two of Dana’s pregnancies were by Diane D’s husband Candis, only two!  Those other two terminated pregnancies Dana had, Diane D was still inside the room with Dana during those other two terminated pregnancies that were probably by Dana’s boyfriend!”
“Diane D was there in the room during all of Dana’s abortions?”
“Yeah I think she was!”
“That’s because she’s an accessory to her cousin Dana’s unborn baby killings!”
“Oh come on now Candis!”
“Oh come on now nothing Jonathan!  Diane D and her cousin Dana are both baby killers!  You know what Jonathan?!  Both Diane D and her cousin Dana should have had the same fate those unborn babies had!”
“They should have had the same fate those unborn babies had?  What do you mean Candis?”
“Their moms should have aborted them!”
“What!  Their moms should have aborted them!  You think Diane D and her cousin Dana’s moms should have aborted them?!”
“Yes I do!”
“That’s not a nice thing to say Candis!  Why would you say that?!”
“Because Diane D and her cousin Dana had Dana’s unborn babies be killed!  They did that four or more times and it seems like they have no problem or remorse about that at all!”
“Candis, the way Dana is, she doesn’t need to be tied down with any babies or children!  I think she and Diane D did the right thing by getting rid of those unwanted pregnancies!”
“You think they did the right thing?!”
“Yes I do!   I can‘t imagine Dana being anybody‘s mom!”
“Well you know what Jonathan?!  You’re just as bad as Diane D and her cousin Dana, because you‘re an accessory to their baby killings too!”
“Me?!  An accessory to their baby killings?  Why?!  I had nothing to do with Dana’s abortions Candis!  I wasn’t there!”
“You might not have been there Jonathan, but you do support Diane D’s and her cousin Dana’s actions!  You support their baby killings!”
“It’s not that I support their baby killings Candis!  It’s just that I support not having unwanted children come into the world then wind up being abused or neglected, that’s all!”
“Well you need to tell Diane D and her cousin Dana to stop sleeping around and sharing each other’s man, then they won’t have to worry about accidentally getting pregnant by each other’s man, and you need to tell Diane D to stop sleeping with other women’s men!”
“Wow Candis.  It’s obvious that you and Diane D will never like each other.”
“No I don’t like Diane D Jonathan!  To tell you the truth, I used to like her when you and I used to go see her family‘s shows and concerts and watch her perform on stage with the Dianettes!   I used to be a big fan of hers, but after what she did to me, lying to me on the telephone, telling me that you’re just her friend when she knew she slept with you, and the fact that she slept with you when she knew that you already had a girlfriend?!  She knew that you and I were a couple, but she still chose to sleep with you anyway and decided to cheat on her husband at the same time!  Telling me that you might be my man, but if she really want to take you away from me, she can?!  Telling me that if you are going to marry me, she thinks you’re making a big mistake, then tells me she thinks she’s the woman you REALLY need and blamed me for having her entire family upset with her, saying that I caused her mom to hit her, then threatens me, telling me she’s going to beat my ass for calling her family’s organization complaining about her, blaming me for getting her into trouble with her family and then lied to the police, telling the police that she never saw me before in her life when she knew she had, then lies to the police right in my face that word probably got around my neighborhood, that’s why my neighbors knew that she was coming to the parking lot behind my apartment building when she knew she specifically came to the parking lot to come after me!   She made me look like a fool at the police station Jonathan!  She sat there with a straight look on her face and made me look like a liar, and you expect me to like her after all of that?!  I know all about the violent rages, the violent outbursts and the out of control behavior that Diane D has had in the past when she attacked those police officers and those security guards and wind up going to jail for it!  I know all about the other fights and conflicts that she‘s had before, but I never thought that I myself would wind up having a conflict with her!  And the conflict I had with her was all over you!  Diane D is a lot of trouble Jonathan!  She constantly keeps getting into trouble with the law and wind up getting herself arrested and going to jail for it!  She seems to have no problem with getting arrested at all!   I wish she would get deported!”
“Deported?!  You wish Diane D would get deported?”
“That’s right!”
“Why do you say that Candis?”
“Because she needs to be deported Jonathan!  She needs to go back to the Dominican Republic where she came from!  She AND her partner in crime, her cousin Dana, that female cop beater and sharp shooter!  Both of them need to be deported back to their countries because all they do, is get into trouble here and wind up getting arrested and going to jail!”
“I don’t know if Diane D can be deported Candis.  She is married to a U.S. citizen you know.  Her husband is from this country.”
“I know. Well I wish she and her cousin Dana can go disappear somewhere!  Doesn‘t Diane D and her cousin Dana have a third friend that be with them sometimes?”
“Yeah.  A friend of theirs name Teresa.”
“Teresa?”
“Yeah.”
“You know her?”
“Not personally, but I’ve seen her around Diane D and her cousin Dana plenty of times before.”
“You have?”
“Yeah.”
“Does she ever get into trouble like Diane D and her cousin Dana?”
“Not that I know of Candis.  I’ve never knew of their friend Teresa having any violent outbursts like Diane D and her cousin Dana do.”
“You never?”
“No, never.  I don’t think Teresa has ever gotten arrested or ever went to jail before in her life.”
“She never?”
“Not that I know of Candis.”
“How can she stand to be with and hang around those two violent jailbirds and baby killers?!  If I was a member of her family, I would encourage her to stay as far away as possible from Diane D and her cousin Dana, because she seems to good for them!”
“Wow.  I’m sorry you feel that way about Diane D and her cousin Dana Candis.”
“You should feel that way about them too Jonathan!   You should feel that way about them too!  And the next time Diane D‘s husband ever happens to accidentally get her cousin Dana pregnant again, maybe it will be best for him not to ever confess to her about it, because the next thing he’ll know, is that his crazy wife is going to want to try the do-it-yourself abortion on her cousin Dana again then want to try the do-it-yourself vasectomy on him again!  And it will be best for him not to ever fall asleep around Diane D, because if he refused to show up at the hospital that night for her to give him a vasectomy when she so desperately wanted to give him one, who knows, she just might try to give him a vasectomy while he’s asleep, then wind up having the police come after her again!   I don‘t know what it is about Diane D Jonathan, but there is something about her that really gives me the creeps!”
“Something about Diane D gives you the creeps?”
“Yeah.”
“What is it about her that gives you the creeps Candis?”
“I don’t know what it is Jonathan!   I mean Diane D is very beautiful, she’s very gorgeous and everything.  She‘s very attractive too, but there’s something about her beauty, soul, spirit or aura that really creeps me out.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.  Ever since I heard and read that story, about what she did to that poor little boy inside that elementary school one night, up in that dark isolated school hallway, viciously attacking that little boy and wind up not remembering the incident!  I can imaging what that poor child must have been going through, being all alone up in that dark isolated school hallway with Diane D in her state of mind, beating the crap out of him and he witnessing her being in a state of trance just staring into space not doing or saying anything!  The only time she did anything, was when she beat the crap out of the kid, kung fu kicking him, breaking his bones and everything!  The rest of the time, she was in a state of trance not saying a word, just staring into space!  Especially that little boy claiming to feel the presence of some evil soul or some evil vicious entity that seem to might have been inside Diane D’s body that night!   I’ve been freaked out about her ever since!  I think that little boy was right.  Maybe that’s why Diane D didn’t remember any of that incident, maybe her soul or spirit wasn’t there!  Maybe her soul or spirit was actually gone at that time and another soul, spirit or entity came into her body in the school hallway that night and took over!  If that was me in that school hallway instead of that little boy, I would have been frightened to death being all alone up in that dark isolated school hallway with Diane D or whatever soul, spirit or entity it was that was inside her body, witnessing her turning from calm beauty to ferocious beast right before my very own eyes!   I bet that little boy is sorry that he ever confessed to Diane D about that hoax he and his brother pulled on her and her family!  Especially, I bet he’s sorry that he took her to a private area to confess to her, that was his big mistake!”
“His big mistake?  What do you mean, ‘that was his big mistake‘?”
“Don’t you see Jonathan?  This little boy took Diane D to an isolated area inside the school where no one else was around to see or hear him confess to her, but the big mistake was, he took her to an isolated area where no one else was around to see or hear him scream for help!  He never thought in a million years that Diane D would turn on him and attack him once he made that shocking confession to her!  I’m sure getting beat up by Diane D was the last thing in the world that little boy expected to happen!  The last thing I heard about him, is that he’s still suffering from nightmares from what he went through with Diane D in that isolated school hallway, still dreaming that she‘s coming after him, beating him up and attacking him!  I hear the poor kid still wakes up screaming to this day!”
“Yeah I heard that too.”
“Another thing that gives me the creeps about Diane D, is her violent outbursts and vicious rages when she be attacking other people giving them kung fu kicks, then claims not to remember her violent outbursts and vicious rages!  And the fact that her own grandmother Miss Margarita told that little boy and his family and the police at the police station, that Diane D meditates late at night in the wee hours of the night and morning and her soul or spirit can leave her physical body and travel to spirit worlds and other dimensions where she sees dead people!  That really creeps me out!  All I know, is that I would never want to come across Diane D in a dark alley, a dark hallway or any dark area.”
“That’s exactly what Cody and Shane said, after they witnessed what she did in that clinic hallway.”
“Do you blame them Jonathan?!  I bet a lot of other people probably feel the same way!”
Jonathan sadly looks into space.  

The next morning, two black women and one Asian woman around their 40’s are sitting inside a coffee shop drinking coffee as they look at a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF TRYING TO PERFORM ILLEGAL PRACTICE ON MYSTERIOUS PERSON  “My God,” the first black woman says.  “This article says that Diane D was arrested on suspicion of illegal practice on a mysterious person!  They said she tried to abort a mysterious woman’s unborn baby inside the clinic late at night during closing hours!”
“Yeah I read that article when I was on the bus,” the second black woman says.
“What?” the Asian woman says.  “Diane D tried to abort a mysterious woman’s unborn baby?!”
“That’s what this article says,” the first black woman says.  “That’s the main reason she got arrested for when everybody heard that she kung fu kicked a storage room door wide open.”
“Oh she mainly got arrested for the suspicion of illegal practice?”
“Yeah.  Here.  Look at the article for yourself.”  The first black woman hands the Asian woman the newspaper.   
The Asian woman looks at the article and reads it.  She then says, “Oh my God!   Does the article say who the mysterious woman was?” 
“No, the article never said who the mysterious woman was.  They seem to be keeping that woman’s identity a secret, to respect her privacy.  But word has been going around the hospital where Diane D works at, that the mysterious woman was her cousin Dana.”
“Her cousin Dana?”
“Yeah.”
“You mean that mean, unfriendly one with the green eyes?”
“Yep, that‘s the one.”
“The one who beat up those three female police officers, injuring them for life?”
“Yep, that‘s her.”
“And the one who shot at that newspaper reporter Felix Green on the highway and shot and killed a deer?”
“Yep, that’s the same one.  I heard she’s the one who Diane D snuck into the clinic that night and tried to abort her unborn baby.”
“Yeah I heard it was her cousin Dana too,” the second black woman says.   
“Oh my God,” the Asian woman says.  “How does anybody know that the mysterious woman was Diane D’s cousin Dana in the first place?” 
“Because a couple of hospital employees who work the night shift witnessed Diane D from a distance sneaking her cousin Dana into one of the empty clinic rooms that night,” the first black woman says.
“They did?”
“Yeah.  This is not the first time these hospital employees witnessed Diane D sneaking her cousin Dana into one of the empty clinic rooms during closing hours.”
“It‘s not?”
“No!  This is the second time they witnessed Diane D doing that!”
“It is?”
“Yeah.  They witnessed it the first time Diane D’s husband accidentally got her cousin Dana pregnant years ago.”
“What?  Diane D‘s husband accidentally got her cousin Dana pregnant before?”
“Yeah.  When the hospital employees witnessed Diane D sneaking her cousin Dana into one of the empty clinic rooms years ago, they secretly tiptoed to the doorway and listened outside the door to find out what was going on inside the room.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“You mean they were eavesdropping on Diane D and her cousin Dana?”
“I’m afraid they did.  After they overheard what Diane D and her cousin Dana were doing inside that clinic room, they told a few other hospital employees, then those other hospital employees told a few more hospital employees, then those hospital employees told people in their family, that‘s how word got around that it was Diane D’s cousin Dana whose baby Diane D tried to abort at that time, and now that Diane D’s husband accidentally got her cousin Dana pregnant again.  The hospital employees who work the night shift this time witnessed Diane D doing the exact same thing again, sneaking her cousin Dana into one of the empty clinic rooms at night during closing hours.”
“You mean to tell me, that Diane D’s husband got her cousin Dana pregnant twice?”
“It seems that way.”
“Wow.”
“If the mysterious woman was Diane D’s cousin Dana who’s baby Diane D tried to abort,” the second black woman says, “rumor has been going around the hospital, that Diane D and her cousin Dana went through all of that because they were afraid of what their family might think, if their family ever find out that Diane D‘s husband accidentally got her cousin Dana pregnant.”
“I know,” the first black woman says.  “Rumor has been going around the hospital for the past week that Diane D‘s husband might have accidentally gotten her cousin Dana pregnant.”
“Oh really?” the Asian woman asks.
“Yeah, that‘s why Diane D wanted to abort the baby herself, to make sure that baby never gets here.”
“Oh my God.”
“And rumor has been going around the hospital, that Diane D’s cousin Dana wasn’t feeling well when Diane D’s husband first walked in on her, saw her laying down on the bed resting then had sex with her and wind up getting her pregnant.”
“She was already not feeling good when Diane D’s husband had sex with her?”
“No she wasn‘t.”
“Well if Diane D’s cousin Dana was already not feeling well when Diane D’s husband first walked in on her and had sex with her, maybe she could have already been pregnant before Diane D’s husband even had sex with her but just didn’t know it!   In other words, the baby might not have been Diane D’s husband’s after all.”
“But just in case the baby WAS Diane D’s husband’s, I heard that Diane D didn’t want to take any chances.  I heard she wanted to hurry and have the baby aborted while it was still early enough.  She figured it will be easy for Dana to have the abortion before the unborn baby gets any bigger.”
“My God, that’s the only reason why Diane D wanted to have the child aborted, because it was probably her husband’s child?”
“Yep that‘s the only reason.  But it wouldn’t have matter who the biological father of the baby would have been.  I think Diane D’s cousin Dana would have still gotten an abortion anyway, because I heard she’s had abortions before.”
“I heard that too,” the second black woman says.  “I heard she doesn’t want any children at all.”
“That’s what I heard too.   But Diane D’s cousin Dana doesn‘t need any children the way she is because if she ever do have a child in the future, I would feel real sorry for the poor kid because I wouldn‘t want a person like Dana to be my mother.”
“I wouldn‘t want a person like Dana to be my mother either, but if that baby would have been born, that would have been a real beautiful baby.”  
“A real beautiful baby?” the Asian woman asks.  “You think so?”
“I don’t think so, I know so.”
“Oh yeah?  How do you know for sure?”
“Because, look at Dana!  I mean she might not be the nicest person in the world or the friendliest person in the world, but she’s very good looking!  She got that gorgeous face, she got those gorgeous green eyes, she got those dark deep-set eyes, she got that beautiful golden skin color and she got that beautiful shiny long black wavy hair!  She’s very exotic looking!  She has a rare beauty not too many people have.  As a matter of fact, I don’t see too many people in the world who look like her!”
“I don’t see too many people who look like her either,” the first black woman says.
“I don‘t even think anybody else in the world looks like her.”
“I don’t think so either.”
“She‘s got those one of a kind features.  I mean her beauty is so rare, she almost doesn’t appear to be human.”
“She doesn’t.”
“Plus she’s got that gorgeous body too!   She’s very easy on the eyes, so is Diane D!  Everybody in Diane D’s family seem to be nice looking!  Plus, Diane D’s husband is not so bad looking himself.  Dana’s baby would have had the perfect genes.  It would have been a real beautiful baby.”
“I agree, but unfortunately, Diane D and her cousin Dana didn‘t want that baby to be born, so therefore, it‘s not going to be born.”
“It’s so sad,” the Asian woman says.  “I mean if that baby did turn out to be Diane D’s husband’s baby, that baby would have been Diane D’s step child if it would have been born.”
“Not only would it had been Diane D’s step child, it would have been Diane D’s cousin too, since Diane D and Dana are already cousins.  Their fathers are brothers.”
“So Diane D and Dana are first cousins?”
“That’s right, they’re first cousins.  They share the same paternal grandparents.”
“So that means if that baby would have been born, it would have been Diane D’s second cousin.”
“That’s right.  It would have been both, her second cousin and her step child.”
“My God.  No wonder why she didn’t want that baby to get here.  Where is Diane D by the way?  Is she in jail?”
“No, I heard she was let go, due to lack of evidence.”
“Lack of evidence?”
“Yeah.  The authorities couldn’t prove that she tried to do an illegal abortion on anybody.”
“They couldn’t?”
“No.”  
“So where’s she at now?”
“The last thing I heard, she was released into the custody of her family.”
“She was?”
“Yeah.”  
“So what are the hospital and authorities planning to do about her kung fu kicking that storage room door wide open?” the second black woman asks.
“They want to charge her for property damage, but Diane D is claiming she never did it, but the two hospital eye witnesses said, she DID do it!  Diane D is also claiming she was never in that lower level of the clinic area, so how can she kung fu kick the storage room door wide open if she was never there, but the two hospital eye witnesses said, she WAS there!  Right now, it’s their word against hers.  The two hospital eye witnesses are saying one thing, while Diane D is saying another.  Just like that little boy she beat up inside the school hallway said one thing while Diane D said another.  Now the authorities are wondering if history is repeating itself from when Diane D attacked that little boy inside the school hallway and not remember it.  They think the same thing is happening again this time, instead of her attacking and kung fu kicking that little boy inside a dark school hallway late at night and wind up not remembering it, this time, she kung fu kicked a stuck storage room door wide open inside a dark clinic hallway late at night and winds up not remembering that either.”  
“That’s what the authorities think?”
“Well the other newspaper article headline did read, ’The Beast Within Returns‘. They think that evil vicious entity that little boy Marcus encountered inside Diane D’s body in that dark school hallway that night may have returned inside her body, the night she kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open.”
“They think that evil vicious entity returned inside of her?”
“Yeah!”
“Wow, that’s scary!”
“It is!  That’s why the authorities want Diane D’s  family to take her to a psychiatrist again to see if there is a possibility that Diane D could have actually kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open and not remember it, just like she allegedly attacked and kung fu kicked that little boy inside the school hallway that night and not remember it.”
“The authorities want Diane D’s  family to take her to a psychiatrist again?” the Asian woman asks.
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  I hope Diane D’s family do take her to see a psychiatrist again and she gets some help because this needs to stop.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean her attacking people and objects then winds up not remembering any of the incidents!  It’s too way out of hand!  I’m afraid that if Diane D doesn’t get the psychiatric help she needs, or if they don‘t have her committed back into a Mental Institution soon, the next time she goes on an attack, she might literally kill someone, then wind up not remember that either!  I sure know I would not want to come across that other personality of hers like that little boy Marcus and those hospital eye witnesses did.”  The first black woman and the second black woman frighteningly look at the Asian woman.

The following day, four guys, one white, one black and two Hispanics around their 30’s and 40’s at a bar are sitting down at a table drinking, looking at the cover of a tabloid magazine with a dark colored photo or drawing of small puffy evil eyes that strikingly resembles Diane D’s eyes staring at them and a dark silhouette of a mysterious woman laying down on a clinic room table with her head back and her legs wide open and a headline that reads: DID DIANE D TRY TO PERFORM ILLEGAL PRACTICE ON MYSTERIOUS WOMAN??  “Wow,” the white guy says.  “Y’all saw this article about Diane D trying to perform an illegal abortion on a mysterious woman, right?”
“Yeah I’ve seen the article,” the black guy says.  “Rumor has been going around that the mysterious woman, was her cousin Dana.”
“That’s what I heard too,” the first Hispanic guy says.  “Didn’t Diane D try to pull that same do-it-yourself abortion stunt on her cousin Dana years ago?”
“She did.  I heard Diane D’s husband Michael had sex with her cousin Dana years ago and wind up knocking her up back then too.”
“Yeah I heard that too,” the second Hispanic guy says.  “I heard Diane D’s cousin Dana eventually had an abortion by a real doctor and got rid of the unborn baby after Diane D tried the do-it-yourself abortion on her.”
“Yeah I heard that too,” the white guy says.  
“Wow, Diane D’s husband is a lucky guy,” the first Hispanic guy says.
“Oh yeah?  Why do you say that?”
“Because, not only does he gets to have sex with Diane D, he gets to have sex with her cousin Dana as well because I think Diane D and her cousin Dana are both hot, they are gorgeous!”
“They sure are,” the black guy says.  “I wouldn’t mind having sex with Diane D myself, as long as she doesn’t lose her cool and goes Bruce Lee on me.”  Everyone laughs as the black guy continues, “And I wouldn‘t mind having sex with her cousin Dana either.”  
“I wouldn’t mind having sex with both of them either,” the white guy says.
“Me either,” the second Hispanic guy says.  “I would love to have sex with both Diane D and her cousin Dana because they both have gorgeous bodies!”  
“They sure do man,” the black guy says.  “They both got some tight asses on them.” 
“They sure do,” the white guy says.  The men laugh a little as they continue to look at the tabloid photo and headline.

Later on that day, Diane D, her family, Michael, Diane D‘s psychiatrist Dr. Stone, the hospital staff, the authorities and photographers are all inside the damaged storage room shockingly looking around at the room.  The storage room looks ransacked like a tornado had went through it.  There are large file cabinets and furniture knocked sideways and upside down all across the storage room.  There are papers all over the floor.  Everyone looks around the storage room in horror.  Everybody then turns and looks at the damaged storage room door. The door is leaning right off its hinges.  The photographers go near the door.  They snap pictures of the broken door hinges and the door.  Everyone else turns and approaches Diane D as Diane D turns to Mary and says, “Mom?  What the heck happened in here?”
“That’s what we’re trying to find out from you Diane,” Mary says.  
“Miss Diane D,” a tall male white detective says.  “Do you remember anything about being inside this room at all?” 
“No,” Diane D says.  “Honest, I don’t.  I’ve never been inside this room before in my life.  What reason would I have to be in here?”
“We don’t know.  What we really need, is for you to think hard and see if you can remember being inside this room.” 
“Does anything ring a bell Diane?” Margarita asks.
Diane D turns her head and looks around the damaged storage room again.  She then says, “No nothing rings a bell Grandma.  Whatever happened inside this room, I had nothing to do with it.”
“Well the two hospital employees witness you come in here and heard the damage you were doing inside here.”
“Miss Diane,” Dr. Stone says.  “You claim you were at the top of the staircase on the second floor level of the clinic area and you were about to go down the stairs to the lower level of the clinic area and claim you never made it down the stairs, because you felt like you were about to pass out, so you stayed there at the top of the stairs and leaned your back and head against the stairwell wall holding on to your forehead, right?”
“Yes that’s correct,” Diane D says.
“What do you remember while you were standing at the top of the stairwell leaning your back and head against the stairwell wall?”
“I remember feeling like I was being pulled out of my physical body then found my soul or spirit floating around in space.”
“You felt like you were being pulled out of your physical body, then found your soul or spirit floating around in space?”
“Yeah.”
“In other words, you were having an out-of-body experience again.”
“That‘s the way it seemed.”
“That’s what happened to you before, when that little boy Marcus claimed you beat him up and attacked him in the school hallway that night, right?”
“Yes that’s what happened to me before.”
“Do you know why this happened to you again?”
“No, I have no idea why.”
“I see.  When you found your soul or spirit floating around in space, could it be possible, that you were probably just having a dream?”
“Yes it could be a possibility that I was probably just having a dream Doctor.” 
“What happened after you found your soul or spirit floating around in space this time?”
“All of a sudden, I found my soul and spirit back inside my physical body in a completely different part of the hospital in the other building on the fifth floor where the patient rooms and the receptionists‘ desk area are, standing right at the receptionists’ desk.  I didn’t know what I was doing there at the receptionists’ desk and didn’t even know how I got there.”
“You didn’t know what you were doing at the receptionists’ desk and didn’t know how you got there?”
“No.”
“Did you feel different, when you found yourself standing at the receptionists’ desk, from when you were standing at the top of the stairwell in the other building?” 
“Yeah.  My physical body felt fine before I even went into the stairwell.  As soon as I was about to head down the stairs, that’s when I felt like I was about to pass out.”
“Then how did you feel when you found yourself standing at the receptionists’ desk?”
“I felt very tired and worn out.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.”
“Did you feel any physical pain?”
“Yeah.  My left leg and foot were in a lot of pain.”
“Your left leg and foot were in pain?”
“Yeah.  That‘s why I left the job early and went home.”
“I see.  Why were your left leg and foot in pain?”
“I don’t know why my left leg and foot were in pain.  At first I thought maybe I was sleepwalking from one place to another and somehow injured myself in the process.”
“You thought maybe you were sleepwalking and somehow injured yourself?”
“Yeah.”
“Did you feel pain anywhere else in your physical body?”
“No not really.  It was mainly in my left leg and left foot.  I felt dizzy for some reason too.”
“You felt dizzy?”
“Yeah.”
“Why were you feeling dizzy?”
“I have no idea why I was feeling dizzy Doctor.  I just felt dizzy and sweating.”
“You were sweating too?”
“Yes that‘s the way I felt.”
“Well Miss Diane D,” the detective says.  “if you were feeling all that stuff and you don’t remember anything from being at the top of the stairwell of the second floor level of the clinic area, to the receptionist area on the fifth floor in another building and don‘t know or remember how you got from point A to point G, then could it be possible, that you were sleepwalking and did things in your sleep and not realize it?”
“Of course it could be possible.  After a while, I figured if I was sleepwalking and did anything while I was sleepwalking, I was probably dancing and twirling while I was sleepwalking.”
“Dancing and twirling while you were sleepwalking?”
“Yeah.  That’s probably why I felt dizzy and sweaty when I found myself standing at the receptionists desk in the next building.  I also probably fell and injured my left leg and foot while I was dancing and twirling in my sleep.”
“Fell and injured your left leg and foot while you were dancing and twirling in your sleep?”
“Yeah.  That‘s probably why I felt tired too, probably from all that dancing and twirling I was doing.”
“Maybe that is possible.  Maybe it is also possible, that you might have kung fu kicked this storage room door too, then damaged this storage room in your sleep, but just didn‘t realize that either.”
“No that is not possible.”
“No?  Why not?”
“Because, no one is that strong or powerful to kung fu kick a stuck door off its hinges or do damage to a room like this turning heavy furniture upside down unless they use a bulldozer or something!  I mean look at this room!  It looks like a tornado went right through it!  I’m sorry Detective, but it‘s just not possible for a person to do damage to a room like this, especially with their bare hands, even if they’re sleepwalking.  We‘re just going to have to face the fact and reality that those two hospital eye witnesses who ever they are were lying and exaggerating about what they saw and heard, that‘s all.”  Everyone sadly looks at Diane D.  They then turn and look around at the damaged storage room again.  They then turn and look at the damaged storage room door again.  They sadly stare at the storage room door as it eerily leans off its hinges.






























Chapter 28

Diane D And Dana’s Aunt Get Into Physical Altercation!


Later on that evening, Mary, Barry, Nicolas, Mickey, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Uncle Willie, Dana’s mother Christine, Dana’s dad David, Dana’s brothers Sammy and Thomas and around eight of Christine’s relatives from Jamaica are all at Gracy and Mike‘s house coming down the stairs into the living room. Christine’s sister Patricia quickly comes down the staircase behind them.   She quickly turns to them as she passes by them and shouts, “Hey everybody!   I’m gonna go to the drug store real quick!  I’ll be back!”
“What are you going to the drug store for Patricia?” Christine’s brother Alan asks.
“You’ll see!”  Patricia turns forward and hurries to the front door.  She opens the front door and quickly leaves out of it closing the door behind herself as her family and relatives puzzled look on towards the door.   
Alan turns to Christine and the rest of the family and says, “I wonder wah she’s up to now.”  Christine, her family and relatives look at Alan.  

Around forty-five minutes later, Mary, Barry, Nicolas, Mickey, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Uncle Willie, Dana’s mother Christine and her relatives are still inside the living room of Gracy and Mike’s house standing and talking with Gracy and Mike.  Diane D comes down the stairs and approaches everyone.  Mary turns to Diane D and says, “Don’t forget you have to see the psychiatrist tomorrow, okay?”
“Okay Mom,” Diane D says.  “I didn’t forget.”  Suddenly the front door opens.  Diane D, Mary and the rest of the family turn and look.  Patricia quickly comes into the front door carrying some shopping bags as she shuts the front door behind herself.  She comes into the living room.  Everybody anxiously approach Patricia as Diane D says, “Hey Aunt Patricia.  What you got in the bag?”
“I’ll show you,” Patricia says as she opens up the bag and pulls out some items in a box.   She shows everyone the items.  When everyone looks, they become stunned to see Patricia holding a couple boxes of breast pumps and milk storage bottles.  Everyone looks at Patricia standing there proudly displaying the boxes of breast pumps and milk storage bottles.
“Breast pumps Aunt Patricia?” Diane D puzzled asks.
“And milk storage bottles?” Christine puzzled asks.
“That’s right,” Patricia says.
“What the hell, are you doing with those breast pumps and those milk storage bottles Patricia?” Grandpa Mike asks.
“Well, when I saw that Dana was still lactating, and since she doesn’t have any baby to feed the breast milk to, her breast milk shouldn’t go to waste.  It might as well be donated to babies who need it, so I decided to hurry to the drug store to purchase these breast pumps and milk storage bottles for Dana, so breast milk can be collected from her and her breast milk be donated.”
“Donated?” David asks.
“Yeah.”
“You know what happened when you bought breast pumps and milk storage bottles for Dana the first time she had an abortion!  She tossed the breast pumps and milk storage bottles right into the trash without ever taking them out the box!”
“That’s right Aunt Patricia,” Diane D says.  “Dana doesn’t want to be bothered with that stuff.  She wants nothing to do with it!”
“That‘s right Patricia,” Gracy says.  “If you give those breast pumps and milk storage bottles to Dana again, all she’s gonna do is toss them right into the trash again without ever opening them.”
“Yeah Patricia,” Barry says.  “Dana doesn’t ever want any babies.  She doesn’t want to look at any products that have to do with babies at all, so therefore, she’s not going to even look at those breast pumps or those milk storage bottles.”
“That’s right Patricia,” Aunt Celeste says.  “Dana won’t even touch them again, unless she tosses them into the trash, that’s the only time she will ever touch them.”
“That’s why I’m not gonna give these items to Dana,” Patricia says.  “I’ll just pump the milk out of her myself and she’ll never have to lift a finger or even touch or see these items.  She doesn‘t even have to look at these items, I‘ll do all the work, just like I did with her breast milk years ago.”
“Is that right?” David says.
“Yeah.   I’ve learned how to use breast pumps.  It‘s very simple, especially this electrical one.”
“Oh really?”
“Yeah.”
“Well you might as well return those breast pumps and those milk storage bottles back to the drug store Patricia because Dana’s breast milk is not for sale!” Christine shouts.  “She’s not a cow!  You’re not going to take any milk from her and try to sell it!” 
“Why not Christine?  I can get a lot of money for the breast milk like I did before.  Don’t worry, Dana will get some money.”  
“Listen Patricia.  Take those breast pumps and those milk storage bottles back to the drug store!”
“No I’m not going to return these breast pumps or these milk storage bottles back to the drug store Christine!  I didn’t go out and purchase these items for nothing!”
“Yes you did Aunt Patricia,” Diane D says, “because you’re not going to use those breast pumps on Dana!”  
“Why not?”
“Like Christine just told you Patricia!” Alan shouts.  “The milk is not for sale!”
“Oh no?”
“No!” everybody shouts.
“Now look everybody!  I went all the way to the drug store and bought these breast pumps and these milk storage bottles, because my whole plan is to go upstairs, use this breast pump on Dana and pump the milk from her and dammit, that’s what I’m going to do!  I am going to pump that breast milk from out of Dana right now!”  Patricia angrily walks towards the staircase.
Diane D quickly steps right in front of Patricia and blocks her way.  Patricia stops right in her tracks as Diane D says to her, “You know Aunt Patricia, you need to stop being so money hungry.  You’re not going anywhere near Dana with those breast pumps and those milk storage bottles.  Dana is resting right now.  Let her get some rest.”
“Uh, excuse me Diane, but, Dana is my niece.”
“Aaand she’s my cousin!”
“Just step aside Diane,” Patricia says as she violently shoves Diane D aside.  
“Patricia!” everyone shouts as Diane D is about to fall to the side!  Everyone tries to catch Diane D as Diane D quickly catches her balance!  Patricia tries to hurry up the steps, but Diane D quickly turns around and angrily grabs Patricia by the shirt collar, pulling Patricia back down the stairs as everyone shouts, “Diane!”  
Christine and everyone else grab and hold Diane D as Patricia turns her head around towards Diane D and angrily shouts, “Don be grabbing mi!  Don be grabbing mi!”  Patricia tries to shove Diane D off her collar as Diane D continues to pull Patricia down by the collar!  Christine and everyone else continue to try and pull Diane D and Patricia apart as they shout, “Diane!  Patricia!”  Patricia suddenly throws her arms back towards Diane D and smacks Diane D’s head back as everyone shouts, “Patricia!”  Diane D’s head goes back and she suddenly falls as she continues to pull Patricia by the collar bringing Patricia and everybody else down to the floor with her!  

Several minutes later, police cars are in the street outside of Gracy and Mike’s house.

The following day in a control room at a TV studio, two black men, Junior and Zaviar around their mid 30’s and a black woman Gwendolyn around her late 30’s are sitting behind TV monitors looking at a newspaper article with a headline that reads: POLICE CALLED TO DIANE D’S PATERNAL GRANDPARENTS’ HOME!  “Wow,” Junior says.  “This article says that the police were called to Diane D’s paternal grandparents’ house in Queens yesterday.”
“Oh yeah?” Zaviar asks.  
“Yeah.”
“What happened?”
“It says right here, that Diane D and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia from Jamaica, got into a physical altercation yesterday!”
“What?  Diane D and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia from Jamaica got into a physical altercation?”
“Yeah!  It says that Diane D and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia were shoving and pulling each other and the family tried to break it up.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Why did Diane D and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia get into a physical altercation?” Gwendolyn asks.  “Does it has anything to do with her cousin Dana’s recent abortion?”
“I think so. This article says that Dana’s Aunt Patricia came all the way from Jamaica when she heard that Dana had an abortion.”
“She came all the way from Jamaica when she heard Dana had an abortion?”
“Yeah.”
“Why would she come all the way from Jamaica if she heard Dana had an abortion?” Zaviar asks. 
“Because she figured Dana might be lactating and figured since there’s no baby to give the breast milk to, the breast milk should be donated to a milk bank, so that‘s what she wanted to do, donate Dana‘s breast milk for money, so when Dana’s Aunt Patricia went to Diane D’s grandparents’ house and saw that Dana was lactating, I heard she quickly left the house!  The next thing their family notice is that Dana’s Aunt Patricia came back to the house with breast pumps and breast milk storage bottles!”
“Breast pumps and breast milk storage bottles?” Gwendolyn asks.
“Yeah.  The police report says that Dana’s Aunt Patricia was about to go up the staircase to Dana, but Diane D got right in front of her and blocked her way and stopped her from going up the steps!  I heard that Dana’s Aunt Patricia shoved Diane D aside then tried to hurry up the steps!”
“She shoved Diane D?!”
“That‘s what the police report said!”
“Then what happened?”
“It says that Diane D quickly turned around, grabbed Dana‘s Aunt Patricia by the collar and pulled her back down the stairs!”
“Diane D pulled Dana‘s Aunt back down the stairs?”
“Yeah, because you’re not gonna shove Diane D and get away with it!  Then it says Dana‘s Aunt Patricia shoved Diane D‘s head back!”
“She shoved Diane D‘s head?”
“Yeah, then Diane D fell to the floor!”
“Diane D fell to the floor?”
“Yeah!  It got real physical up in there!   Diane D and Dana’s Aunt Patricia were at war!   That’s why the cops had to be called.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah!”
“My goodness!  Was anybody seriously hurt?”
“Not that I know of.”
“Was anybody arrested?” Zaviar asks.
“No.  This article just says that after everything calmed down, Diane D left the house and went to her other grandparents’ home and stayed there.  I don’t know where Dana’s Aunt Patricia went.”
“Maybe she went to go meet up with Diane D somewhere to continue their battle.”  
“I sure hope not,” Gwendolyn says.  Junior, Zaviar and Gwendolyn continue to look at the article.

The next day, Christine and David come inside the front door of Gracy and Mike’s house.   Dana’s sisters Missy and Londa approach Christine and David and give them hugs.   “How’s Dana,” Christine asks.
“Is she alright?” David asks.
“Dana is okay,” Missy says.
“That’s good.”  David and Christine turn their heads towards the staircase and suddenly see Patricia quickly coming down the staircase carrying black plastic bags.  “Hey Patricia,” David says.
“Hey David, hey Christine,” Patricia quickly says.  “By David, by Christine,” Patricia says as she quickly heads towards the front door.
“Where are you going so fast Patricia?” Christine asks. 
“I have to hurry back to the store before closing time to return these items because they don’t fit.  See you guys later.”  Patricia continues to the front door, opens it and quickly leaves out of it, closing the door behind herself.  
Christine and David puzzled look towards the door.  Christine then turns to David, Missy and Londa and says, “I hope she makes it back to the store in time.”  Missy and Londa worriedly look at Christine.

The next day, Christine and her relatives are out grocery shopping.  Suddenly Christine’s cell phone rings.  She goes to the side and reaches into her pocket.  She pulls out her cell phone and says, “Hello?”
“Hello Christine?” a male white gentleman around his mid 40’s says.
“Yeah speaking.”
“Hi Christine.  This is Marshall from the milk bank calling you. You remember me, from years ago, right?”
“Yeah I remember you Marshall.  What’s going on?”
“I‘m just here waiting for your sister Patricia to come back to the milk bank?”
“You’re waiting for my sister Patricia to come back to the milk bank?  Oh no.  Don’t tell me that she came in there with donated breast milk!”
“Well she did.  She came in here and sold us some breast milk today.”
“She came in there and sold you some breast milk today?!”
“Yeah.  And she sold us some breast milk yesterday.”
“Yesterday too?!”
“Yeah, and the day before yesterday.”
“What!  The day before yesterday too?!  You mean to tell me that my sister Patricia came to you and sold you breast milk three days in a row?!”
“Yeah, she sold it to us twice the first day.”
“She did?!”
“Yeah.”
“You‘re kidding!”
“No I’m not kidding Christine.  When your sister first came in here the other day with storage bottles of donated breast milk, she got so excited about the money she got paid that she told us she was going to go back to collect more breast milk, then that same afternoon, she came back in here with more storage bottles of donated breast milk and sold it to us.”
“She did?!”
“Yeah.   Then yesterday she came in here three times and sold us more storage bottles of donated breast milk.”
“She came in there three times yesterday?!”
“Yeah and twice today.”
“Twice today?”
“Yeah.  I‘m just waiting for your sister to come back a third time today.”
“Oh really?!”
“Yeah.”
“How many times have my sister come in there and sold your company donated breast milk?!”
“Altogether, seven times.”
“Seven times?!”
“Yeah.”
“Where did my sister say she got the donated breast milk from, because it certainly didn’t come from her!  She doesn‘t have any babies!”
“I know she doesn’t.  She claimed she got the donated breast milk from her niece Dana.”
“Her niece Dana?  Is that right?!”
“Yeah.  When your sister came in here the second time today and sold us more storage bottles of breast milk, she said she was going to go back to her niece Dana to collect more breast milk.  She said she ran out of milk storage bottles and said she have to hurry to the drug store to purchase more milk storage bottles, then hurry and get back to her niece Dana to collect more milk before the rest of her family comes home, then she said she will bring more storage bottles of breast milk this evening, then she quickly left out of here.  Your sister left out of here a while ago.   She should be on her way back to her niece Dana now.”
“Oh yeah?!  Well thank you Marshall!   I have to rush home.”
“You have to rush home?  Why?  Is everything alright?”
“No everything is not alright Marshall!”
“No?  What’s wrong?”
“Patricia is going behind our backs using the breast pumps she bought from the drug store on Dana taking breast milk from Dana like Dana is some cow or some milk machine, just so that SHE can make money off of it, which isn‘t right!   My family and I told Patricia not to do it, and she goes behind our backs and does this anyway!”
“You and your family told Patricia not to do this?”
“We sure did!  Obviously she didn‘t listen to us!”
“You didn’t know that she was coming in here selling us donated breast milk?”
“No we had no idea!”
“Has Dana said anything to anybody about what her Aunt Patricia is doing?”
“No Dana hasn’t said a word about it!”
“She hasn‘t?”
“No, she hasn’t said anything at all!  Yesterday my husband and I went with Dana to the doctor!   Then after that, we brought Dana back home and dropped her off in front of the house!   After Dana went inside the house, my husband and I went to the store, when we came back home, we ran into my other two daughters Missy and Londa inside the house, then my husband and I saw Patricia hurrying down the staircase carrying black plastic bags heading straight towards the front door!  I asked Patricia where is she going so fast!  She told me she have to hurry back to the store before closing time to return some items because they didn’t fit, then she hurried to the front door and quickly left out the house!  Later on, Missy and Londa told me and their dad that before my husband and I picked up Dana and went with her to the doctor, their Aunt Patricia was coming in and out of the house back and forth going up to the room where Dana was!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes!”  
“Well what did Missy and Londa said happen when your sister Patricia went to the room where Dana was?”
“They said they don’t know because their Aunt Patricia would close the door shut!”
“She would shut the door?”
“Yes!  Then Missy and Londa said later on, they could overhear the breast pump machine going on inside the room!”
“They overheard the breast pump machine going on inside the room?”
“That‘s what they said!  Then Missy and Londa told me and their dad after that, their Aunt Patricia quickly left the house with a black plastic bag!  Then they said while their dad and I were at the doctor with Dana, their Aunt Patricia had came back to the house and went right back up to the room!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah!  They said when we dropped Dana back home from the doctor, their Aunt Patricia was already up in the room waiting for Dana!  They said she started placing the pillows from the bed up against the headboard again!”
“She did?”
“Yeah!  Missy and Londa said when Dana came upstairs in the hallway, their Aunt Patricia got so happy and excited when she approached Dana, telling Dana she needs to collect more milk from her so she can hurry and bring it to the milk bank before closing time!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah!”
“What did Dana say when Patricia told her that she needs to collect more from her?”
“Missy and Londa said Dana just calmly told her Aunt Patricia to hold on then Dana stepped away to the restroom!  They said when Dana came out the restroom and went inside the bedroom, their Aunt Patricia closed the door shut again!  Then they said they overheard the breast pump machine going on inside the room again!  So when my husband and I came back home, that’s when we ran into Patricia coming down the stairs with black plastic bags.  So now I know what was in the black plastic bags, milk storage bottles full of breast milk!  When we ask Patricia about it, she would deny it to us!”
“She would?”
“Yes!”
“Dana never said anything to anyone in your family about it at all?”
“No, Dana never said a word about it, she doesn’t talk about the breast pumps!”
“She doesn’t?”
“No she doesn‘t talk about any of that stuff!”
“How come?”
“She wants nothing to do with it!”
“She wants nothing to do with it?”
“No!”
“Well how can she not have anything to do with the breast pumps if the breast milk is coming from her?”
“Simple, she doesn’t look at the breast pumps, she doesn’t touch the breast pumps and she doesn‘t even think about them!  She just completely ignores the breast pumps like they don’t even exist!  Obviously she’s able to block her mind off the situation and just sit back while her Aunt Patricia does all the work!  I guess once Patricia finishes pumping the milk from Dana, Dana just goes about her business like nothing happened, so she says nothing about it!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah!  The only reason why Dana is putting up with and tolerating her Aunt Patricia collecting breast milk from her in the first place is because she loves her Aunt Patricia and she sees how happy and excited her Aunt Patricia gets about the money she’s making off of it, that’s the only reason why Dana is putting up with it!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes!  She’s doing it all for her Aunt Patricia!”
“Well maybe Dana is getting something out of it too.  Maybe your sister shares some of the money with Dana.”
“I don’t think so, because Missy and Londa claimed they overheard their Aunt Patricia offer Dana some of the money!”
“They did?”
“Yeah, then they overheard Dana tell her Aunt Patricia not to worry about giving her any of the money because she wants nothing to do with the money!”
“Dana told Patricia she wants nothing to do with the money?”
“That’s what Missy and Londa overheard Dana saying.  Then they said they overheard Dana tell their Aunt Patricia to just keep the money or share it with the rest of the family!”
“They overheard Dana tell your sister to keep the money or share it with the rest of the family?”
“Yes!”
“Well did your sister keep all the money or did she share it with the rest of the family?”
“I guess she kept all of it, because she knows if she were to share that money with the rest of the family, we would question her about ‘Where she get the money from‘, then she would have to tell on herself how she got the money and let us know that she went behind our backs to get breast milk from Dana, so therefore she didn’t share any of the money with the rest of the family!”
“She didn‘t?”
“Not that I know of!”
“But I don’t understand.  Why would Dana even tell your sister Patricia to share the money with the rest of the family if the rest of the family is dead set against your sister Patricia collecting breast milk from her?”
“Because Dana doesn’t know that the rest of my family and I are against her Aunt Patricia collecting breast milk from her?”
“She doesn‘t know?”
“No, she was upstairs in the room resting with the door closed when my family and I first told Patricia not to do it!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes, Dana doesn’t know that her Aunt Patricia is actually going behind our backs collecting the breast milk from her!”
“She doesn’t know?”
“No she doesn’t know, we kept it from her!”
“You did?”
“Yes we did!”
“Why?”
“The thing is, Dana doesn’t like it when her family argues, fusses or go against each other!”
“She doesn‘t?”
“No, it would really upset her if she knew the rest of her family and her Aunt Patricia were going at it because Dana loves her entire family and she won’t take sides if she knew her family members were going against each other!  If my family and I tell Dana not to let her Aunt Patricia collect breast milk from her, she’ll feel bad for her Aunt Patricia, especially if she sees that her Aunt Patricia is so happy and excited about making money off it, but at the same time, she wouldn’t want to go against the rest of her family either and allow her Aunt Patricia to collect the breast milk from her if she knows it‘ll upset us!  She’ll feel caught right in the middle!”
“She would?”
“Of course she would, because she doesn‘t want to hurt either side.  That’s why my family and I never told Dana that we‘re against her Aunt Patricia collecting breast milk from her, because we don’t want to upset her, she already went through enough right now!  I guess my family and I have to be the ones to take care of Patricia!  Listen Marshall, I have to hurry back to my in-laws’ house and catch up with Patricia real quick before she takes more milk from Dana because that milk is not for sale anymore!”
“It isn‘t?”
“No!   I have to call my family‘s home to make sure they stop Patricia from going back to Dana when she gets there!”
“Okay then Christine.  Sorry the milk is not for sale anymore.  Well, take care.”
“I will.”  Christine gets off her cell phone and quickly dials a number.  She puts the cell phone to her ear.   She then speaks into it and says, “Hello Londa?”
“No Mom,” Londa’s triplet sister Landa who’s in the kitchen says from the other end of the phone.  “It’s me, Landa.”
“Hey Landa.  Did your Aunt Patricia come in the house yet?”
“No, not yet.  Why?”
“Because Marshall from the milk bank just called me and told me that your Aunt Patricia came in there and sold some breast milk today!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah, and he said your Aunt Patricia sold them some breast milk yesterday and the day before yesterday!  He said your Aunt Patricia came there and sold them breast milk three days in a row, twice the first day, three times yesterday and twice today.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes!  That’s seven times altogether!  Marshall says he’s waiting for your Aunt Patricia to come back a third time today!”
“Oh really?”
“Yes!  I asked him where did your Aunt Patricia say she got the donated breast milk from.  He told me she claimed she got the donated breast milk from Dana.  Marshall said your Aunt Patricia told him that she was going to go back to her niece Dana to collect more breast milk but she ran out of milk storage bottles and said she have to hurry to the drug store to purchase more milk storage bottles, then hurry and get back to Dana to collect more milk from her before the rest of her family comes home.  Marshall said your Aunt Patricia told him she will bring more storage bottles of breast milk this evening, then quickly left out of there and is on her way back to the house to collect more milk from Dana and I don’t want her to do it!   Listen Landa.  When your Aunt Patricia comes in the house, I want you to stall her and keep her away from Dana until the rest of the family get there, okay?”
“I’ll try Mom, but I’m not sure how I’m going to do that because Diane is here.”
“What!  Diane is there?!”
“Yeah.”
“She’s there now?!”
“Yeah she’s here right now.  She came in here a little while ago with a whole lot of Chinese food she bought for everybody.”
“She bought Chinese food for everybody?”
“Yeah.  She and I already set up the kitchen table waiting for everybody else to come home.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh no!  Well if your Aunt Patricia comes into the house with more milk storage bottles, I don’t want Diane to run into them and see them!  She might literally try to stop your Aunt Patricia from bringing that stuff to Dana like she did before, then they’ll go at it again!  We can’t have that!  What part of the house is Diane in now?!”
“She went upstairs to bring Dana some Chinese food.”
“She’s in the room with Dana now?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s exactly where your Aunt Patricia is heading, right up to that room to Dana and Diane will definitely see those milk storage bottles!  Landa, see if you can stall both Diane and your Aunt Patricia and keep them apart while your Aunt Patricia got those milk storage bottles in her hands!”
“Okay Mom, I’ll try my best.”  Suddenly the sound of the front door opens.  Landa turns to look. She sees Patricia stepping right inside the front door with plastic white shopping bags.  Landa looks at the slightly see through shopping bags as Patricia turns and closes the front door.  Landa turns her head back and whispers into the phone, “Mom, Aunt Patricia just walked in the front door.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.  She got shopping bags in her hands.”
“She does?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh no.  Are you able to see what’s inside the shopping bags?”
“A little bit, not much.”
“Well put her on the phone right away!”
“Okay.”   Landa turns to Patricia and sees Patricia walking right towards the staircase.  She quickly shouts, “Hey Aunt Patricia!”  Patricia stops in her tracks, turns to the side and looks at Landa as Landa says to her, “You’re just in time because Mom is on the phone.”
“She is?” Patricia asks.
“Yeah mon.  She wants to talk to you.  Come take the phone.”
Patricia turns and walks towards Landa.  Patricia and Landa suddenly hear footsteps coming down the stairs.  Patricia stops in her tracks again as she and Landa turn their heads to the side and look up towards the staircase.  They see Diane D coming down the staircase holding a carton of Chinese food in one hand while looking down at the Chinese food and holding a bitten off carrot stick in the other hand while chewing some of the carrot as she says, “Hey Landa.”  Diane D reaches the bottom of the steps as she continues to look down at the Chinese food.  She turns to Landa as she continues to look down at the Chinese food not noticing Patricia standing several feet away from her.  She stops right at Landa and says, “Dana ate a little bit of Chinese food then she fell right to sleep.”  Diane D looks up at Landa and says, “I guess I’ll have to finish the rest of this Chinese food for her.”  Diane D smiles at Landa.  She then looks back down at the Chinese food as she starts to turn away towards Patricia.  Landa quickly grabs Diane D by the arm and stops her.  Diane D still not noticing Patricia turns her head and puzzled looks up at Landa.  She then turns her body a little towards Landa.  She takes another bite out of the already bitten off carrot.  She smiles at Landa again as she chews on the carrot.  She then shrugs her shoulders to Landa then turns away back towards Patricia again as she looks back down at the Chinese food.  She starts to walk away again but Landa quickly grabs Diane D again trying to stop her.  Diane D suddenly looks up and sees Patricia standing several feet away from her looking at her.   She stops right in her tracks and puzzled looks at Patricia.  She then says, “Aunt Patricia,” as she chews the carrot.  Diane D stares at Patricia as Patricia stares at her.  She then says, “What a surprise.  I didn’t know you were standing there.  How long were you standing there?”
“Not too long,” Patricia says.  “I just got here.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.”
“Well that’s good you‘re here, because you’re just in time to have some Chinese food.  I bought plenty for everybody.”
“You did?”
“I sure did.  Have some.”
“I’ll get to the Chinese food later.  Right now, I have to get to Dana real quick.”
“You do?”
“Yeah.”  Patricia turns and starts to walk towards the staircase.
“Aunt Patricia!” Landa shouts.  Patricia stop in her tracks again as she turns her head towards Landa.  Landa then tells her, “Mom is still on the phone.  She wants to talk to you.”
“Oh Landa!  Is it important?  Can it wait?  I have to hurry and get to Dana.”
“Dana is asleep Aunt Patricia,” Diane D says.  “She took a few bites of Chinese food then fell fast asleep.”
“Yeah I heard you telling Landa that.  But that’s okay, I’ll just wake her up real quick.” 
“Wake her up?  I don’t know how you’re going to do that Aunt Patricia, Dana seems to be knocked out.”
“Knocked out?”
“Yeah.”
“Well that’s okay, Dana doesn’t really need to be awake for this.”  
“Dana doesn’t really need to be awake for what?”  Diane D looks down at the shopping bags Patricia is carrying.  She then asks, “What’s that in the bag Aunt Patricia?  Is that milk storage bottles again?”
“Yes it is.”
“It is?”
“Yeah.”
“Why do you have those milk storage bottles again Aunt Patricia?  What are you planning to do with them?  You don’t plan on using them on Dana are you?”
“Of course I’m planning to use them on Dana Diane, that’s why I bought them in the first place.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“So you’re really determined to collect breast milk from her?”
“Of course I‘m determined to collect more breast milk from Dana, so I can bring it to the milk bank before they close this evening.”
“What do you mean collect MORE breast milk from Dana?  Have you collected breast milk from Dana already?”
“I sure did.”
“You have?”
“Yes I have.  I’ve been pumping the breast milk from Dana for the past few days.”
“You have?”
“Yeah.”
“Well Dana never said anything to me about it.”
“And she’s not going to.”
“She‘s not?”
“No.”
“Does the rest of the family know about this?”  Diane D turns to her right and looks at Landa as Landa puzzled looks back at her.  
“No the rest of the family don’t know about it,” Patricia says as Diane D takes her eyes off Landa and looks back at Patricia.  Patricia then says, “So now if you will excuse me Diane, I have to hurry and get to Dana.”
“For what?  To collect more breast milk from her?”
“That’s right.”
“Aunt Patricia, Dana is not a cow.  I can’t just sit back and watch you treat her like she’s some cow or some milk machine!”
“You don’t have to watch Diane, because you‘re not going to be in the room with me and Dana!  You’re going to be shut out.”
“Shut out?”
“That’s right.”
“Oh really.”
“Really.”

“Landa wah’s going on over there?!” Christine shouts on the other end of the phone.
“Diane came downstairs,” Landa says.
“She did?”
“Yeah.  She ran into Aunt Patricia and saw the shopping bag with the milk storage bottles in them.  She was questioning Aunt Patricia about them.  They are about to fuss again.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“I’m on my way!”  Christine closes her cell phone then turns and rushes away!


















































Chapter 29

Round 2 Of Diane D Vs. Dana’s Aunt Patricia!


“But Dana’s asleep right now Aunt Patricia,” Diane D says.
“Dana doesn’t need to be awake for this Diane,” Patricia says.
“She doesn‘t?”
“No, she doesn‘t have to lift a finger.  I’ll handle everything.”
“You will?”
“Yes.”
“Aunt Patricia, it’s not right for you to treat Dana like she’s some cow or some milk machine, just so that YOU can make money off of it!”
“Excuse me Diane!  But if it wasn‘t for YOUR HUSBAND getting horny when he saw Dana laying down sleeping, then allegedly woke her up to have sex with her and wind up accidentally getting her pregnant, she wouldn‘t be in this situation in the first place now, would she?”
“And if it wasn‘t for MY HUSBAND getting horny when he saw Dana laying down sleeping, then allegedly woke her up to have sex with her and wind up accidentally getting her pregnant, you wouldn’t be collecting any breast milk from her to make money off of it now, would you?!”
“And if it wasn‘t for YOUR HUSBAND getting horny when he saw Dana laying down sleeping, then allegedly woke her up to have sex with her and wind up accidentally getting her pregnant, you wouldn’t have allegedly tried to fix what he’s done by trying to abort the unborn baby out of Dana yourself, would you?!”
“Aunt Patricia, you did not have to go there.”
“Oh I did went there Diane.  I did went there.  Now if you don ‘t mind, I have to get to Dana.”
“Aunt Patricia, before you get to Dana, let me have those milk storage bottles please.”
“Let you have the milk storage bottles?”
“That’s right.”
“I’m not gonna give you these milk storage bottles Diane.”
“If you don’t give those milk storage bottles to me, then I have to take the milk storage bottles from you.”
“Take these milk storage bottles from me?”
“Yes, so you won’t use them on Dana.”
“Are you kidding me Diane?”
“No I’m not kidding you Aunt Patricia.  I’m serious.”
“You can be serious all you want to Diane, but you’re not taking a damn thing from me!”
“But I have to take the milk storage bottles away from you Aunt Patricia!   I can’t allow you to treat Dana like she’s a cow!”
“Why is it bothering you what I’m doing with Dana?!  SHE doesn‘t have a problem with it!  She never once complained about me collecting milk from her!  Now if it’s not bothering her, then why the hell is it bothering you?!”
“Because you’re using her like a cow to make money for yourself!”
“So what!  Don’t worry about it!  If Dana is not worrying about it, you shouldn’t worry about it either!  The only thing you should worry about, is making sure, that YOUR HUSBAND don’t get horny and knock her up again!  Then she won‘t be in this situation again!”
“But since MY HUSBAND allegedly is the one who knocked her up, it’s my responsibility to make sure that you not treat her as a cow or milk machine, that’s why I have to take the milk storage bottles away from you!”
“You’re not taking these milk storage bottles away from me Diane.  I paid for it and I’m going to use it!”
“No you cannot use those milk storage bottles on Dana Aunt Patricia!  I have to take them from you!”
“You‘re not taking a damn thing from me Diane!”
“Yes I am!”
“No you’re not!”
“Yes I am.”
“Well try it then!”
“I don’t have to try Aunt Patricia.  I will succeed in taking that bag from you.”
“You will?”
“That’s right.”
“No you won’t either!  So you might as well step aside Diane!  I have to get to Dana.”
“Not with that bag Aunt Patricia.”
“Definitely with this bag!”
“No you’re not!”
“Yes I am!”
Landa comes between Patricia and Diane D and shouts, “Aunt Patricia, Diane, please!” 

Missy and Linda are outside Gracy and Mike’s house approaching the front door.  All of a sudden, they hear a voice from inside the house shouting, “WILL YOU…”  Missy and Linda look at each other!  They turn back to the door as Linda quickly puts her keys in the lock and tries to unlock the door.  The door opens and Linda and Missy burst into the house as the front door closes behind them.  
When Linda and Missy look, they are shocked to see Diane D bending down turning towards the floor trying to pull the shopping bag right out of Patricia’s hands as Patricia bends over Diane D struggling to pull the shopping bags from out of Diane D’s grip with Landa desperately trying to break them up!  Linda and Missy scream and rush to grab Diane D and Patricia as Diane D and Patricia struggle against each other trying to pull the shopping bags from out of each other’s grip!  Diane D and Patricia lean to the side causing Diane D’s body to bang against the wall as Landa, Linda and Missy scream and try to pull Diane D and Patricia apart!  Diane D and Patricia then struggle and lean towards the opposite way, causing Patricia’s body to bang against the other wall as Landa, Linda and Missy continue to hold on to them!  Diane D and Patricia then lean to the other side again causing Diane D’s body to bang against the other wall again!  Patricia then lifts her leg and knees Diane D right in the stomach area causing Diane D’s body to jerk up!  Patricia and Diane D continue to try to pulling the shopping bags from out of each other’s grip as they lean towards the opposite way again, causing Patricia’s body to bang against the opposite wall again as Landa, Linda and Missy continue to scream and try to pull them apart!  Suddenly the front door bursts open!  Barry, David, Christine, Mary, Nicolas, Mickey, Uncle Willie, Aunt Celeste, Mike, Gracy, Alan and Christine’s other relatives from Jamaica burst into the house and approach Diane D and Patricia grabbing them both as Mike shouts, “What the hell is going on here?!”  Diane D and Patricia continue to pull the shopping bags from out each other’s grip as the rest of the family scream and desperately try to pull them apart!  The family finally manages to pull Diane D and Patricia apart with Diane D and Patricia still holding on to the shopping bag as the shopping bag stretches.  Suddenly, the shopping bag rips apart and all the empty milk storage bottles and a full liter bottle of cola falls out and drops all onto the floor!  An angry Patricia breaks loose from the family members who are holding her!  She goes and bends down to pick up the soda bottle!  She then rushes right to Diane D, swings the soda bottle in the air and hits Diane D right on the back of the head with the soda bottle as Diane D‘s head jerks backwards!  “Patricia!” everybody screams as Diane D painfully grabs the back of her head!  Everybody angrily grabs Patricia as Diane D suddenly falls to the floor!  Everybody tries to catch Diane D as she brings everybody down to the floor with her!  

Several minutes later, police cars and an ambulance are in the street outside of Gracy and Mike’s house.  Mike, David, Nicolas, Mickey, Uncle Willie, Aunt Celeste are at the back of the ambulance looking inside of it.  
Several yards away, Christine’s family and the police surround an angry Patricia trying to calm her down as she hollers and points towards the ambulance shouting, “She had no right to try and take my stuff away from me!   I bought it!   She got some nerve!  Bring her out of that ambulance so I can hit her some more!”
“You are not going to hit Diane again Patricia!” Alan shouts.
“Oh yes I will goddammit!  Bring her out here!”
Barry, Gracy and Christine come out of the ambulance.  Christine angrily walks towards Patricia and points her arm and finger at her shouting, “How dare you hit Diane with that soda bottle!  You had no right to hit her with that soda bottle!”
“Bloodclaat!” Patricia shouts.  “She had no right to grab my stuff!  She’s the one who started this whole mess by grabbing my shit!   She don’t touch my shit!  Bring her out of that ambulance so I can hit her upside her head again!  I’m ready for her!”  Christine’s family and the police continue to surround Patricia trying to calm her down!

The following day, Junior, Zaviar and Gwendolyn are sitting in the control room at the TV Station behind TV monitors again looking at a newspaper article with a headline that reads: ROUND 2 OF DIANE D VS. HER COUSIN DANA’S AUNT PATRICIA!   “Wow,” Junior says.  “This article says that the police were called to Diane D’s paternal grandparents’ home again!”
“Oh yeah?” Zaviar asks.  
“Yeah!”
“What happened?”
“It says that Diane D and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia from Jamaica got into another physical altercation!”
“What?  Diane D and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia from Jamaica got into another physical altercation?”
“Yeah!”
“What happened this time?” Gwendolyn asks.  
“Well according to this article, it says that Diane D and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia were trying to pull and grab a shopping bag from out of each other’s hands!”
“They were trying to pull and grab a shopping bag from out of each other’s hands?”
“That‘s what this article says.  It then says the rest of their family came home burst into the house and caught Diane D and her cousin Dana’s aunt Patricia trying to pull the shopping bag from out of each other’s hands, so their family grab them both and tried to break them apart!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.“
“Why were they trying to pull and grab a shopping bag from out of each other’s hands?” Zaviar asks.  
“I think it had something to do with Dana.”
“Dana?”
“Yeah.”
“Well what does the shopping bag have to do with her?”
“I think what was in the shopping bag had something to do with her?”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Well what was in the shopping bag?”
“I don’t know, it doesn‘t really say.”  
“Was anybody seriously hurt?” Gwendolyn asks.
“Well it said somebody went into the ambulance this time.”
“Somebody went into the ambulance?” Zaviar asks.  
“Yeah, and guess who it was.”
“Dana’s Aunt Patricia of course.”
“You’re wrong.  It was Diane D!”
“Diane D?!” Zaviar and Gwendolyn shouts.  
“You mean somebody put Diane D into the ambulance?!” Zaviar shouts.
“Yeah!” Junior shouts.
“Wow, it’s usually the other way around!  Diane D is usually the one who be putting people in the ambulance!  You mean to tell us that this time, somebody else put Diane D into the ambulance?!”
“Yep.”
“Wow!  How did she wind up being put into the ambulance?”
“Well it says that when the family broke Diane D and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia apart, that’s when the shopping bag ripped apart and all the stuff fell out of the shopping bag onto the floor including a soda bottle, that’s when Dana’s aunt Patricia picked up the soda bottle, rushed right to Diane D and whammed Diane D right on the head with the soda bottle!”
“What!” Zaviar and Gwendolyn shouts.  
“Dana’s Aunt Patricia hit Diane D over the head with the soda bottle?!” Gwendolyn shouts.
“Yeah, according to the police report!” Junior says.  “This article says that Diane D painfully grabbed the back of her head and fell to the floor!”
“Diane D fell to the floor?!” Zaviar asks.
“That’s what this article says.  That’s why she went into the ambulance.”
“Wow.”
“Was anybody arrested?” Gwendolyn asks.
“No,” Junior says.  “Diane D and her cousin Dana’s aunt Patricia didn’t press charges against each other.”
“They didn’t?”
“No.  It says that Diane D was released from the hospital a few hours later.”
“She was?”
“Yeah.”
“Well that’s good,” Zaviar says.  “I guess Diane D finally met her match, didn‘t she?  Her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia is from Jamaica, you don’t mess with those Jamaicans, you hear how Dana is, right?  She‘s the one who beat up those three female police officers and injured them for life!  They now all on permanent disability, because of her!”
“And she’s the one everybody thinks shot at that newspaper reporter Felix Green on the highway and shot him injuring him for life!  I wouldn’t want to come across her.”
“Me neither.  I don’t want to be on permanent disability.”
“Neither do I,” Gwendolyn says.  “If I ever become a cop and I ever had to arrest Diane D’s cousin Dana, I will tell my partner, ‘no you arrest her instead‘ then my partner will say to me ‘no you arrest her!’  We will be going back and forth at each other trying to debate which one of us is going to have to arrest Dana.”
“And while you and your partner are debating which one of y’all are going to have to arrest Dana, Dana will be out of there making her quick getaway.”  Junior, Zaviar and Gwendolyn laugh as they look at the article.



















































Chapter 30

Grandpa Mike Sends Diane D And Aunt Patricia Packing


The next day, Christine, David, Grandpa Mike, Aunt Jean, Aunt Celeste, Uncle Willie, Uncle Kevin, Alan and Christine’s other relatives from Jamaica are all outside the airport surrounding Patricia, literally holding on to Patricia pulling her towards the airport terminal as they carry and pull her luggage.  Patricia angrily shouts to them, “Why are you all sending me back to Jamaica, I‘m not ready to go back there right now!  I want to stay here, with the rest of you!”
Grandpa Mike stops in his tracks, angrily turns towards Patricia and shouts, “Patricia, we had enough of you and Diane going at it!”  Everyone else stop in their tracks, turns towards Mike as he shouts to Patricia, “I had enough of you and Diane disrupting the family and disrespecting my household!”
“But Diane is the one who started this whole entire thing by grabbing my shopping bag!  That was MY belongings that she grabbed!  She had no right to grab something that belongs to me!”
“Patricia!” Christine shouts.  “We also had enough of you treating Dana like she’s some cow or some milk machine, collecting breast milk from her, just so that YOU can make money off it!  You did that to Dana when she had an abortion before, and now you’re doing that to her again!  You went right behind our backs and completely went against our wishes!”
“But I was only trying to help Dana, Christine!  I hardly made any money for myself at all!  I only kept part of the money for myself at first and bought some jewelry with it!  I left most of the money for Dana on her dresser!  Didn’t you all see the money I left on her dresser?  It was all to help Dana after the abortion ordeal she went through.   I was only trying to help her.”
“And help yourself too.”
“How can it be to help myself Christine, Dana said she didn’t want any of the money!   I kept trying to give the money to her, but she kept telling me she doesn’t want anything to do with the money!  When I tried to give Dana some money again, she got angry and snapped at me!”
“She did?”
“Yes she did!  She shouted to me ‘I told you to just keep the damn money Aunt Patricia!’, then she shouted to me that if I don want the money, to just share it with the rest of the family, then told me not to bother her about the money anymore!”
“She told you that too?”
“Yes she did!  So I had no choice but to respect her wishes!   So I decided to just keep my mouth shut because I didn’t want her to snap at me again!  I just continued to collect the milk from her and never said anything else to her about the money again!  I decided to just keep all the money for myself since SHE didn‘t want any of it!”
“That still doesn’t make it right for you to treat your niece as a cow or milk machine Patricia!” David says.  
“But I don‘t understand!  Why is Dana the only one NOT complaining about what I‘m doing with her?!”
“Because Patricia, you‘re Dana‘s aunt and she loves you!” Christine shouts.  “She sees the fact that you making money off this is making you happy and that‘s all she cares about is seeing her family members happy and you’re part of her family, so therefore, she won’t say anything or complain or try to stop you!  She’ll just put up with it if she sees that making money off of it is making you happy!”
“That’s right Patricia!” David shouts.  “Even though Dana is not complaining about you collecting milk from her or stopping you from collecting milk from her, it doesn’t give you the right to take advantage of her!  But since she’s not stopping you, we’re going to be the ones to stop you, that‘s why we‘re sending you away!  When you’re ready to stop treating Dana as a cow or a milk machine, and when you and Diane are ready to stop fighting over Dana, we’ll let you come back here.”
“But it’s not fair that you all are sending me away when Diane is the one who started it!” Patricia shouts.  “She was trying to grab something from me, I wasn’t trying to grab anything from her!”
“Oh don’t worry about Diane Patricia, because after we put you on the plane, she’s next!”
“What!  She’s next?  What do mean ‘she’s next‘?”
“We’re sending Diane to the Dominican Republic!”
“What!  You’re sending Diane to the Dominican Republic?”
“Yes we are Patricia!” Mike shouts.  “We’re sending Diane down to the Dominican Republic for a month or two to stay with her other relatives down there!”
“You are?”
“Yes we are!  Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas and Gracy are getting her luggage ready for the airport right now!”
“They are?”
“Yes!  You and Diane have totally disrespected my household going at it, fighting inside my house, and it’s all over Dana!  I mean it’s ridiculous how you two are fighting over Dana!  You keep collecting breast milk from her making money off of it while Diane literally tries to stop you, and whenever Diane allegedly hears that her husband accidentally gets Dana pregnant, she somehow snaps and allegedly tries to abort the unborn baby out of Dana herself!  I think Dana needs a serious break from both you and Diane!  I‘m literally banning both you and Diane from Dana!”
“What!  What do you mean ‘you’re banning me and Diane from Dana‘?!”
“I’m not allowing any of you near Dana for a while!”
“What!  You’re not allowing any of us near Dana for a while?!  You can‘t mean that Mike!”
“Oh I absolutely mean that Patricia.”
“Really.  How are you going to do that Mike, Dana is my niece!  You can’t stop me from being around my own niece!”
“Oh yes I can stop you, if you’re causing disruption around her environment!  Why the hell you think I‘m sending both you and Diane away?!”
“I didn’t mean to cause any problems Mike!”
“But you have Patricia!  You AND Diane have.”
“This is exactly what I was afraid of Patricia,” Christine says, “when I spoke to Landa on the phone and she told me that Diane came in the house with a lot of Chinese food, and I knew you were on your way back to Dana with new milk storage bottles and Diane would possibly run into you and see you holding the milk storage bottles.  I was afraid of this!”
“Now we don’t want you to miss your flight Patricia,” David says.  “So let’s hurry and get you to that gate.  We are going to make sure you get on that plane.”
“But please,” Patricia says.  “Let me stay a little while longer!” 
“Why?!  So you can continue to collect breast milk from Dana and continue to make money off it, then you and Diane wind up going at it again?!  Not a chance!”
“I promise, I won’t do anything!”
“It’s too late Patricia!“ Christine shouts.  “You have been warned!”
“But Christine!”
“Let’s go Patricia!” Grandpa Mike shouts.  “Move!”  Christine, David, Alan and the rest of the family start to pull Patricia towards the airport terminal again as Grandpa Mike and the rest of their family follow them with the luggage. 

Around two hours later, Grandpa Mike, Gracy, David, Barry and Willie have Michael cornered inside Mike and Gracy house as Grandpa Mike says to Michael, “We want to know the truth Michael!  Did you confess to Diane at the hospital, that you accidentally impregnated Dana, which caused Diane to somehow snap and want to try to abort the unborn baby out of Dana herself?!”
“No I didn’t make any confession like that to Diane,” Michael nervously says.
“Was it your unborn child that Dana had the abortion with?” David asks.
“No it wasn’t my child.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes I’m sure!”
“So why is this rumor going around the hospital, saying that you made this shocking confession to Diane, that you slept with Dana and you think you might have accidentally impregnated her?” Barry asks.
“I don’t know.  It’s just a rumor going around that hospital, you know how rumors are.”
“Are you sure you didn’t impregnate one of my granddaughters while you are legally married to my other granddaughter?” Mike asks.
“Yes I’m sure.”
“Well we can’t be too sure Michael, that’s why we’re sending you to the Dominican Republic with Diane so you can be with her.  We can’t have you separated from your wife and we can’t risk you being where Dana is while Diane is away or else the same thing might allegedly happen between you and Dana again.  We want to be on the safe side.”
“Yeah Michael,” David says.  “Because it seems that neither you, Diane nor Patricia have any problem with coming in here, going right up to Dana while she’s asleep, then waking her up when y‘all want something from her.”
“Waking her up when we want something from her?” Michael asks.
“That’s right.”
“What do you mean?” 
“First of all, you allegedly came here, went to Dana, woke Dana out of her sleep to have sex with her, second of all, Diane came here right in the middle of the night, went to Dana, woke Dana out of her sleep and brought Dana right into the bathroom to give Dana a pregnancy test, and Patricia came here, went to Dana, woke Dana out of her sleep a few times to collect breast milk from her!  Neither one of you believe in allowing Dana to sleep at all!  You all seem to just wake her up whenever y‘all want!  We think Dana needs a break from all three of you!”
“But I never slept with Dana.”
“Michael, rumors just don’t start out of nowhere,” Gracy says.  “They came from somewhere.  Now you have to go to the Dominican Republic so you can be with your wife.”
“Okay, I have no problem with that Grandma.  I have no problem with that.”
“Let’s go Michael,” Grandpa Mike says, “your luggage is waiting.”  Grandpa Mike, Gracy, David, Barry and Willie take Michael away.

It is two hours later.  At the airport, Mary, Barry, Grandpa Mike, Gracy, Margarita, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn, Aunt Jean, Aunt Celeste, Uncle Willie, Uncle Kevin, Nicolas and Mickey are all surrounding Diane D and Michael literally holding and pulling Diane D and Michael towards the airport terminal as they carry and pull Diane D and Michael’s luggage.  Diane D then shouts, “I don‘t want to go to the Dominican Republic right now!  I still have things to do here!”
“Things like what Diane?!” Margarita shouts.
Diane D and everyone else stops as Diane D says, “I still have my job at the hospital!  I still have to teach my health and fitness class and I still have to do some personal training for my clients!”
“Diane!” Mary shouts, “you should have thought about all of that before you decided to disrupt the family and disrespect your grandparents’ household!  How dare you and your Aunt Patricia, fight inside your grandparents’ house!”
“Now wait a second Mom, I wasn’t fighting Aunt Patricia at all!  I was just trying to grab the shopping bags that had the milk storage bottles in them from out of her hands, so I can keep her from treating Dana like a cow!  I never once hit Aunt Patricia!  I didn‘t hit her at all, she hit me!  She kneed me right in the stomach and hit me right on the head with that soda bottle!”
“I’m not condoning your Aunt Patricia hitting you Diane!” Barry shouts.  “But you caused your Aunt Patricia to get angry when you grabbed and pulled on her bags, that’s why your grandpa Mike is banning you and your Aunt Patricia from Dana and not allowing any of you near Dana for a while!”
Diane D looks at Grandpa Mike and says, “Grandpa Mike, you don’t have to ban me and Aunt Patricia from Dana!  Aunt Patricia and I learned our lesson!  We won’t do anything like that anymore!  We didn’t mean to cause this!”
“But you have caused this Diane,” Grandpa Mike says.  “Your Aunt Patricia is already on her way back to Jamaica!   Now we have to get you and Michael on your way to the Dominican Republic!  Your relatives down there are already waiting for you!”
“That’s right Diane,” Tomas says.  “We don’t want you to miss your flight to them, so let’s hurry and get you to that gate.  We are not gonna have you miss that plane.”
“But what about my job at the hospital Grandpa Tomas?” Diane D asks.
“We already made arrangements with the hospital for you to have an entire month off.”
“You what?”
“Yes we did.  The hospital agreed with us to give you an entire month off because they said they need a vacation from you.”
“What?  The hospital said they need a vacation from me?”
“They sure did Diane.”
“Why do they think they need a vacation from me?”
“Because they said they can certainly use a break from you and we told them we are going to give them, a break from you.”
“Is that right?”
“Yes indeed Diane.  Not only that.  The hospital wants to make arrangements with us to give you, a permanent vacation.”
“What!  The hospital wants to make arrangements with you to give me a permanent vacation?!”
“That’s right.”
“And what does that supposed to mean Grandpa Tomas?  The hospital is not planning on firing me from there, are they?”
“No the hospital is not planning on firing you from there Diane, we are!”
“You are?!   What is that supposed to mean Grandpa Tomas?!”
“The employees at the hospital are afraid to work around you Diane.”
“The employees at the hospital are afraid to work around me?!”
“Yes they are.”
“Why?  Why are they afraid to work around me?”
“Ever since they all heard about you allegedly kung fu kicking that storage room door wide open, they’re afraid that you might go off on them and attack them next!”
“Attack them next?!”
“Yes!”
“But I never kung fu kicked that storage room door Grandpa Tomas!  When I went into the stairwell after I heard that tray dropped, I never even went down the stairs!  I was about to go down the stairs, but I started feeling like I was about to pass out, so I never even went down the stairs, so therefore, I was never down in the lower level of the clinic area that night at all, so therefore, I never kung fu kicked that door!  Those two witnesses Cody and Shane are lying!”
“Cody and Shane?!” Margarita puzzled asks.  Everyone else puzzled looks at Diane D as Margarita says, “How do you know it was Cody and Shane who were the witnesses Diane?!  Nobody ever told you who the witnesses were!  We got strict orders not to tell you who the two witnesses are?”
“Yeah Diane,” Barry says.  “How did you know it was Cody and Shane?!  They claim you never saw them in that back clinic hallway at all because by the time you got to where the tray fell, they were already gone.  You didn’t see anybody when you got to where the tray fell, did you?”
“No Dad, I didn’t see anybody.  Nobody was there when I got there.”
“So how do you know Cody and Shane are the witnesses?  How do you know, it was them in that back clinic hallway?!”
“I don’t know how I know it was them Dad,” Diane D says.  “A strong intuition and feeling came over me and told me it was them.”
“A strong intuition and feeling came over you and told you?” Mary asks.
“Yeah Mom, it did.”
“What strong intuition and feeling?”
“I don’t know.  It’s hard to explain.  It just told me.  Besides, I don’t know why those other hospital employees are afraid to work around me, I’m not even thinking about attacking them!”
“You might not be thinking about attacking them Diane,” Tomas says, ’but THEY’RE thinking about it!  They don‘t know the next time you go off and kung fu kick something, that something might be them instead of a door.  They don‘t want to risk the chance of you going off and kung fu kicking them if you continue to work in the hospital!  They claim they don‘t want to be the next security guards or the next Marcus.”
“The next security guards or the next Marcus?!”
“That’s right.  They don‘t want history to repeat itself by you going off and kung fu kicking them, then wind up not remembering it!”
“But I don’t remember kung fu kicking those security guards or that kid Marcus!”
“But they all said you DID kung fu kicked them Diane!”
“They’re all lying!  And I’m telling you, I never kung fu kicked that storage room door!”
“But the two eye witnesses said you did!”
“But I don’t remember kung fu kicking that storage room door Grandpa Tomas!  Honestly I don‘t!”
“See?  That’s what the hospital employees are all afraid of Diane, that you might go off someday in the future and attack and kung fu kick them and not remember it!  Then if the hospital employees get hurt by you and decide to take the hospital to court, the first thing the court is going to ask the hospital is, if they knew you had a history of attacking and kung fu kicking people or objects, then wind up not remembering it, then why did the hospital allow you to continue to work there risking the safety of the other employees there or risking destroying property doing property damage!  Then what is the hospital going to say?  I’m sorry Diane, but the hospital employees just don’t feel safe around you.”
“But I’m not going to attack or kung fu kick any of those hospital employees Grandpa Tomas!”
“They’re not so sure about that Diane!  Now let’s go.  We’ll talk about your resignation from the hospital on our way to the gate!”
“Resignation from the hospital?!”
“That’s right.”
“I don’t want to resign from the hospital Grandpa Tomas!”
“But you have to resign Diane!”
“Why?!”
“We don’t have time to discuss it right now, time is running out!  We don‘t want you to miss that flight!”
“But Grandpa Tomas….”
“Aaah, no more questions Diane!” Grandpa Mike shouts.  “Get on that plane!”
“But Grandpa Mike….”
“Estar tranquilo Diane!” Margarita shouts.  Diane D worriedly looks at Margarita as Margarita shouts to her, “Vamos!”
Diane D looks forward as Grandpa Mike shouts, “Okay everybody!  Let’s get Diane and Michael to the plane!”   Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn, Gracy and the rest of the family continue to pull Diane D and Michael towards the airport terminal as the rest of their family follow them pulling and carrying their luggage. 

The following day, Junior, Zaviar and Gwendolyn are sitting inside the control room of the TV Station again looking at an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D‘S FAMILY SENDS HER, HER HUSBAND MICHAEL AND HER COUSIN DANA’S AUNT PATRICIA PACKING! DIANE D’S GRANDFATHER MIKE BANS HER, HER HUSBAND MICHAEL AND HER COUSIN DANA‘S AUNT PATRICIA FROM BEING AROUND DANA!   “Yo,” Zaviar says.  “This article says that Diane D’s family sent her, her husband Michael and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia packing yesterday!”
“Oh yeah?” Junior asks. 
“Yeah!  First the family sent her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia packing back to Jamaica yesterday, then after that, the family sent Diane D and her husband Michael packing to the Dominican Republic!”
“Oh yeah?” 
“Yeah!  This article says that Diane D’s family drove her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia to the airport and stayed there until Dana’s Aunt Patricia got on that plane!  They made sure she got on that flight back to Jamaica, then after that, they drove Diane D and her husband Michael to the airport and stayed there until Diane D and her husband Michael got on that plane to the Dominican Republic!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah!”
“Why did Diane D’s family send her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia packing back to Jamaica,” Gwendolyn asks.  “And why did they send Diane D and her husband Michael packing to the Dominican Republic?” 
“Because of all this scandal of Diane D’s husband getting horny when he saw Dana laying on the bed sleeping, then woke her up and had sex with her and accidentally knocks her up, getting her pregnant!  According to this police report and rumors at the hospital where Diane D works at, Diane D flips out when she allegedly finds out, that her own husband accidentally gets her own cousin pregnant a second time, then allegedly tries to abort the unborn baby out of her own cousin herself a second time, then later gets arrested for it!  Later on, Dana winds up getting an abortion by a real doctor, then Dana’s Aunt Patricia down in Jamaica hears about the abortion and comes all the way up from Jamaica, she later comes along with breast pumps and milk storage bottles planning to collect breast milk from Dana so she can sell it to a milk bank, but Diane D stops her, then Dana’s Aunt Patricia and Diane D wind up going at it getting into a physical altercation inside the grandparents‘ house, then Dana’s Aunt Patricia goes behind her family’s back with the breast pumps and milk storage bottles and collects breast milk from Dana anyway and winds up succeeding in selling it to a milk bank and actually gets paid for it, then later comes in the house with shopping bags of new milk storage bottles and runs right into Diane D inside the house.  Diane D sees the milk storage bottles inside the shopping bags realizing, that Dana’s Aunt Patricia is planning to collect breast milk from Dana, then Diane D and Dana’s Aunt Patricia go at it again getting into another physical altercation!  The rest of the family burst into the house and try to break Diane D and Dana’s Aunt Patricia apart causing the shopping bags to rip apart, causing everything inside the bags including a soda bottle to fall and drop on the floor!  Then Dana’s Aunt Patricia picks the soda bottle off the floor and clobbers Diane D right on the head with the soda bottle causing Diane D to fall out on the floor!”
“Oh my God!”
“Diane D winds up in the ambulance then taken to the hospital.  So after all of this, Diane D’s grandfather Mike decides to ban Diane D, her husband Michael and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia from being around Dana, sending Dana’s Aunt Patricia away back to Jamaica, then sending Diane D and her husband Michael away to the Dominican Republic.”
“Wow.  It sounds like Diane D’s grandfather Mike kicked Diane D, her husband Michael and her cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia out of the country just to keep them away from Dana.”
“It certainly seems that way.  You don’t mess with Grandpa Mike.  I heard he wants to keep all three of them away from Dana for a while, especially Diane D’s husband.”
“Oh yeah?   Why especially Diane D’s husband?”
“Because Diane D’s husband is the one who started this whole entire thing by allegedly having sex with Dana and getting her pregnant.  If he never had sex with Dana and got her pregnant, none of this would be happening, but since he allegedly did have sex with Dana, I consider him a very lucky guy.”
“You consider him a lucky guy too?”
“I sure do.”
“It seems like a lot of men are considering him a lucky guy.”
“Because he’s having sex with both his wife Diane D and her cousin Dana as well.  Diane D and her cousin Dana are both gorgeous!  I would like to have sex with both of them myself just like Diane D‘s husband is doing.”
“Yeah me too,” Junior says.  “To tell you the truth, if Dana needed to get rid of that breast milk, her Aunt Patricia didn’t have to come all the way from Jamaica to get rid of the breast milk for her, I would have gladly gotten rid of the breast milk for Dana, she could have breast fed me!  I wouldn’t mind her breast feeding me, she can breast feed me anytime.”
“She can breast feed me too,” Zaviar says.  “If Diane D had any breast milk, she can breast feed me too!”
“Oh Diane D is too busy playing doctor,” Junior laughs and says.  “First of all, she allegedly tried to make herself a doctor by trying to give her cousin Dana an abortion herself, when that didn’t work out, she allegedly tried to make herself a doctor by trying to give her husband a vasectomy!”
“Wow.  I wouldn’t mind playing doctor with Diane D.  I would love to become HER personal doctor.  I would love to become Dana’s personal doctor too.”
“Yeah me too. They both can call me Doctor Feel Good.”  Junior and Zaviar throw their fists in the air and shout, “Woo woo, woo woo!”  Gwendolyn looks at Junior and Zaviar as she nods her head.

Around three weeks later, there is Caribbean Festival going on inside a park.  There is a big crowd of people there.   Caribbean music is playing.  There is Caribbean food laying on tables being served to the people.  Christine and some members of her family are preparing some food.

Several yards away, Dana appears dressed in dark leggings, thick black shoes, a short dark blazer and her pony tail at the bottom of her head all loosed around her back and shoulders.  She is surrounded by a lot of her Jamaican relatives, Tony, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda, Judy, Teresa and Joseph. 

Several yards away, a woman in the crowd looks towards Dana.  She says, “Hey!  There goes Diane D’s cousin Dana.”  People in the crowd turn to look.   They are surprised to Dana.
“Where’s she been?” a man in the crowd asks.  “We haven’t seen or heard from her since the scandal about Diane D trying to abort her unborn baby.”
“No we haven’t.”  The crowd continues to look towards Dana.  

Dana turns from her Jamaican relatives, Tony, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda, Judy, Teresa and Joseph and starts to walk towards Christine’s direction.  Tony, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda, Judy, Teresa and Joseph turn and follow Dana.  They continue to surround Dana and walk with her as she continues to walk towards Christine.   

Dana approaches Christine.  Christine turns around towards Dana.  She and Dana give each other a warm hug and kiss.  Christine then says to Dana, “How’re you feeling baby?  You feeling alright?”
“I’m okay Mom,” Dana says.
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, I’m sure.”
“Good.”
Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy approach Christine.  Several Jamaican female friends of Christine’s excitingly approach Dana and shout, “Dana!”  One of the women gives Dana a hug.  She then lets go of Dana and says, “Hey Dana.  So how you feeling?  Are you okay baby?”
“Yeah I’m okay Miss Francis,” Dana says.
“You are?”
“Yeah.  I’m alright.”
“You sure?”
“I’m sure Miss Francis.”
“That’s good baby.”  The woman hugs Dana again.
Another woman says, “Don’t be so stingy Francis.  I want to give Dana a hug too.”  The woman says to Dana, “Hey Miss Green Eyes!”  Everyone laughs.  The woman gives Dana a big hug as the rest of the crowd approach near Dana looking on.  The woman then lets go of Dana and says, “Aauuh Dana.  Are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” Dana says.
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah I’m sure.”
“Good.”
More of Christine’s friends hug Dana and say, “Aauuh.”  One of the women lets go of Dana and says, “How you feeling baby?”   
“I’m okay,” Dana says.”
“That’s good.”
“Wow,” a fourth Jamaican woman says.  “You look good Dana.”
“She always looks good, and sexy too.”
“You got that right.”  The women laugh.
Some Jamaican male friends of Christine’s approach Dana and give her hugs too.  They, Christine’s female friends, Tony, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda, Judy, Teresa and Joseph and the rest of the crowd all surround Dana looking on at her.  A fifth Jamaican woman asks Dana, “So Dana, how’s Diane doing?”
“She’s okay,” Dana says.
“She is?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s good.  Is she still in the Dominican Republic?”
“Yeah.”
“When was the last time you spoke with her?” the other woman asks.
“This morning.  I spoke to her on the phone.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.”
“How long did y’all talk on the phone for?”
“We spoke on the phone for around two hours.”
“Two hours?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s good.”
“Who’s in the Dominican Republic with her besides her husband?” the third woman asks.
“Her mom and dad are down their with her.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.  So are her brothers.”
“Her brothers are down their too?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s nice.”
“What about Diane’s other grandparents Margarita and Tomas?” Francis asks.  “Where are they?”
“They’re still here.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh, okay.”
“So when are Diane and her family coming back?”
“They were supposed to come back next week, but my grandpa is not allowing Diane to come back next week.”
“Who, your grandfather Mike?”
“Yeah.”
“He’s not letting Diane come back?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“He told Diane she has to stay down there for two extra weeks.”
“He told her she has to stay down there for two extra weeks?”
“Yeah.  He told her relatives down there not to send her back here yet.”
“He did?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?”
“I don’t know, ask my mom.”
“Okay.”  The woman turns to Christine and asks, “Hey Christine.  How come your father in-law Mike told Diane’s relatives down in the Dominican Republic not to send her back here yet?”
“Oh he’s still mad at Diane because she and my sister Patricia were fighting,” Christine says.  “Especially they were fighting right inside his house, not only once, but twice!”
“Yeah we all heard.  So he send them away because of it.”  
“He sure did.”
“I see.  So instead of Diane coming back next week, your father in-law added an extra two weeks behind that and now Diane is coming back in three weeks, right?”
“Yeah.”
“How does she feel about it?”
“She’s not happy about it.  She got on the phone and started fussing and complaining to her grandfather about him adding an extra two weeks to her stay down there.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.  She told him it’s not right or fair that he’s keeping her from her health and fitness class and from her personal training clients.”
“She told your father in-law that?“
“Yeah.“
“Then what did your father in-law say or do?”
“He told Diane if she keeps popping that lip, he’s going to add another two weeks on top of the two extra weeks he already added.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Then what did Diane say or do?”
“She started fussing and complaining even more.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.”
“Then what did your father in-law say or do?”
“He told Diane does she want to try for an extra three weeks instead of an extra two?”
“Oh no.  Then what did Diane say or do?”
“Oh she shut up then.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, I bet she did,” the third woman says as she and the other women laugh a little. 
“But my father in-law constantly calls down to the Dominican Republic to check on Diane to make sure she’s alright, to make sure she’s taking her medication and to see if she needs anything.”
“He does?”
“He sure does.  He also calls down to Jamaica to check on my sister Patricia to make sure she’s okay and to see if she needs anything.”
“He does that for your sister too?”
“He sure does.”
“Wow that’s nice of him.  I better your sister Patricia tells your father in-law that she needs everything under the sun.”
“No, my father in-law knows what not to give her.”
“Wow.  But it’s still nice of him to check on both your sister and Diane.”
“It is.” Christine smiles and turns away to Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda as the first woman turns back to Dana and asks, “Hey Dana.  What about your Aunt Patricia?  Is she still in Jamaica?”
“Yeah she’s still down there,” Dana says.
“Oh yeah?  How‘s she doing?”
“She doing okay.”
“That’s good.  When she coming back?”
“I don’t know, ask my mom.”
“Okay.”  The woman turns back to Christine and asks, “Hey Christine.  When’s your sister Patricia coming back from Jamaica?”
“When’s Patricia coming back?”
“Yeah.”
“No time soon I hope!”
“You hope no time soon?!”
“That‘s riiight!  Please!  Let’s just leave Patricia, right where she is for now!”  The women laugh a little.
Another Jamaican woman holding a little dark skinned 1-year old boy approaches Dana and says, “Hey Dana.  You remember my nephew Bertrude right?”
Dana frowns as she looks at the little boy and says, “Yeah I remember him.”
“He still likes your green eye color.  Can he take a picture with you?”
“I guess.”
“Thanks.  Can you hold him while he and you take a picture together.”  The lady hands Dana her nephew Bertrude.  Dana holds and carries Bertrude.  She looks at Bertrude.  She then turns him away from herself and faces him towards the woman as the woman stands several feet from them reaching into her pocket.  
The woman pulls her camera out of her pocket.
Dana looks at the camera as the woman holds the camera up towards her and Bertrude.  
The woman is about to snap a picture of Dana and Bertrude and shouts, “You ready?!”
“Yeah,” Dana says.  Suddenly Bertrude turns his head around and looks right at Dana‘s face.   
The woman calls out, “Over here Bertrude!  Look over here!”  
Bertrude turns his head towards the woman.  
As the woman gets ready to snap a picture, Bertrude turns his head and looks back at Dana’s face again.  
The woman calls out again and says, “Look this way Bertrude!  Look over here!” 
Bertrude does not turn to look at the woman.  He continues to stare at Dana’s face, especially her eyes.  Dana frustratingly looks down at Bertrude as she continues to hold him.  She then shouts to him, “Come on baby, stop looking at me!  Look that way at the camera!” as she points to the woman.  Bertrude turns his head back towards the woman.  He suddenly turns his head back towards Dana.  He continues to stare at Dana’s face.  He suddenly reaches for Dana’s face and tries to touch her eyes, but his hands accidentally touches her face and puts a little powder mess on her face.  Dana frustrating removes Bertrude’s hand from off her face.
“I’m sorry Dana!” the woman shouts.  “He’s still trying to figure out if your green eye color is real!”   Dana frustratingly looks down at Bertrude again as everyone laughs a little.  
Judy approaches Dana and says, “Aauuhh, he messed up your face Dana.  It looks like you got some kind of powder mess on your face.  Here’s a mirror?”  Judy takes a small mirror out of her bag.  She holds the mirror up to Dana’s face.  Dana looks in the mirror as she taps the powder off her face.  
“You need to wipe it off good Dana,” Aunt Laura says.  Aunt Laura and the rest of the family approach Dana and are about to help her wipe her face, but Dana continues to look in the mirror tapping the powder off her face as she continues to hold Bertrude.  Dana finishes tapping the powder off her face.  Everybody then steps back from her.  Dana looks back down at Bertrude.
The lady holding the camera shouts, “You need a tissue?!”
Dana looks up towards the lady and shouts, “No!  Just hurry up and take the picture!”
“Alright alright.”  The woman holds the camera out to Bertrude and Dana and tries to snap a picture of them again as the crowd looks on.  
Bertrude does not look at the woman.  He continues to look at Dana admiring her face.  Dana continues to tap the powder off her face as she looks towards the camera.
“Over here Bertrude!” the woman shouts.  “Over here!”  
Bertrude turns his head and looks at the woman again as Dana looks towards the camera continuing to tap the powder off her face.  Suddenly Bertrude turns his head and looks back at Dana’s face again.  Dana frustrating looks back down at Bertrude.
“This is not going to work!” the woman shouts.  “He’s more interested in looking at your green eyes than getting a picture taken!”
“So you’re not gonna snap the picture?!” Dana shouts.
“No, he won‘t look this way!  He keeps looking at you!”
“Okay come get him!” Dana frustratingly shouts as the crowd laughs a little.
“Okay!” The woman starts to walk towards Dana.
The woman approaches Dana as Dana frustratingly looks down at Bertrude again then hands Bertrude back to the woman.  Dana then turns towards Christine as she and Christine quietly talk with each other.  Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda then talk with Dana and Christine.  Dana then turns away from Christine and back towards Tony, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, Judy, Teresa, Joseph and her Jamaican relatives and shouts, “Okay guys!  We’re out!”  Dana turns and walks away with Tony, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda, Judy, her other Jamaican relatives, Teresa and Joseph as the rest of the crowd continues to look on towards her.





















































Chapter 31

Diane D Returns From The Dominican Republic


It is now three weeks later.  Diane D and Michael are back from the Dominican Republic.  They are walking down the hallway of the Diaz-Davidson Organization carrying some bags as Diane D wears a short mini-skirt bearing her muscular legs, a matching short jacket, a matching cap on her head and thick black shoes as she holds a pair of sunglasses.  Staff members excitingly approach Diane D and Michael as Stephanie says, “Hey Diane!  Hey Michael!  Nice to see you two again!”
“Yeah, welcome back!” Alex says.  
“Thanks guys,” Michael says.
“How was the Dominican Republic?”
“Pretty good,” Diane D says.  
“It was great down there,” Michael says.  “We had a wonderful time there.”
“That’s good,” Stephanie says.  “I can’t wait to travel there myself.”
“Yeah me too,” Evette says.
“So you all were suppose to come back two weeks ago, but we heard your grandfather Mike made you stay two extra weeks.”
“Yeah he did,” Diane D says.
“Wow.  Well we’re glad to have you all back.”
“Yeah,” the rest of the staff says.
“So Diane,” Harvey says.  “Is it true that you won’t be working at the hospital anymore?”
“Yes it‘s true,” Diane D says.  
“Why won’t you be working at the hospital anymore?”
“Grandma and Grandpa made me resign from there.”
“Sorry to hear about that.  You know why they made you resign from there?”
“They claim the employees at the hospital are afraid to work around me.”
“Yeah, that’s what we heard Diane,” Alex says.  “We heard those hospital employees didn’t feel safe with you working there, after they all heard the story about you and that storage room door.”
“I know.  I don’t know what the hell they’re so afraid of, I don’t plan on attacking any of them!  I have no reason to attack them, I’m not even thinking about any of them!  They’re the least on my mind, so I don’t know why they would even think that I would want to attack them.”
“Wow.  We’re sorry all of that happened with you.  I’m sorry you won’t be working at the hospital anymore because I know you really liked working there.”
“I did like working there Alex, but Grandma, Grandpa and the hospital employees don’t trust me working there.”
“We know.  We hear Margarita and Tomas are planning to have you work inside one of their offices again.”
“Yes that’s what they’re planning to have me do.”
“How do you feel about that?”
“Well again, I feel like I’m being punished for something I didn’t do.”
“Something you didn’t do?  You don’t think you kung fu kicked that storage room door at the hospital?”
“No I don’t think I did.  I’ve seen that storage room door after the police released me into my family’s custody.  They brought me, Michael, my family and my doctor to the back clinic hallway to show us the storage room door and the storage room.”
“Yeah we heard.  So what did you see?”
“I saw the storage room door.  I saw how bad it was damaged.”
“You did?”
“Yes I did.”
“How bad was it?”
“Real bad.  And I saw how bad the storage room was damaged too.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.”
“How bad was the storage room?”
“Real bad.  It looked like it was vandalized or something.”
“Vandalized?”
“Yeah,” Michael says.  “The door was even knocked right off its hinges.”
“Yeah we heard.  Wow.  Who do you think would vandalize that storage room or knocked the door right off its hinges?”
“We don’t know, we have no idea.”
“Wow.  I was tempted to go to the hospital to see that damaged storage room door and the damaged storage room for myself, but I never got a chance to go there.  I was kind of afraid to see it.”
“Yeah me too,” Stephanie says.
“So what happened when they showed you the damaged storage room and the damaged door Diane?” Norman asks.
“My doctor and the detective wanted to see if I can remember anything,” Diane D says.
“Well did you remember anything when you saw the storage room door and the storage room?”
“No, I remember nothing about it.”
“Nothing at all?  You don‘t remember being in that area?”
“No I don‘t remember being in that area at all.  I remember being on the second floor level of the back clinic area, but not the first floor level.  Besides, I don’t believe anybody kung fu kicked that storage room door.”
“You don‘t?” Alex asks.
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because by the way it looked!  When I saw the damaged storage room door and the damaged storage room, I told my family and the police that no one is this world is that strong or powerful to do that kind of damage to a door or to a room!  Something else happened to that storage room door and something else happened to that storage room.”
“Well what do you think happened to it?”
“I don’t know, it looked like a tornado went through there.”
“A tornado?”
“That‘s what it looked like to me.”
“Wow.”
“What about you Michael?” Harvey asks.  “What do you think happened to the storage room door and to the storage room?”
“Like Diane said,” Michael says.  “It does look like a tornado or hurricane bust through the door and went right through that room.”
“My God.”
“Listen everybody,” Diane D says.  “Whatever happened to that storage room door or to that storage room, I had nothing to do with it, absolutely nothing.”
“Well Diane, maybe it’s possible that you were sleepwalking and you might have actually kung fu kicked that storage room door in your sleep, but didn‘t know it?”
“Yeah that’s what that detective said.  Even if I was sleepwalking Harvey, I’m still not that strong or powerful to kung fu kick a stuck door or do damage to a room like that even in my sleep!”
“So if you had nothing to do with the storage room door or the storage room Diane, why are the hospital employees afraid to work around you then?”
“Because they rather choose to believe those two damn eye witnesses who are both lying.”
“So if it’s not true that you kung fu kicked that storage room door or damaged that storage room, why are your grandparents making you resign from the hospital then?” Alex asks.
“Because they’re punishing me for something I didn‘t do!  But, what else is new?  They’re always punishing me for something I didn‘t do.  I‘m getting quite used to it by now.”
“Sorry about that Diane.”
“That’s okay.  Well I have to get to the office and wait for my family to come in there so they can give me a new assignment.”
“Give you a new assignment?”
“Yeah.  And they’re going to talk about me and the girls upcoming performance in Germany.”
“Oh yeah that’s right.  You and the girls are going to perform in Germany next!”
“Yeah.”
“Wow that sounds exciting Diane!” Evette says.  “You just came back from the Dominican Republic, and now you’re setting off to Germany soon, huh?”
“Yeah I guess.”
“Well where is your family?  We haven‘t seen them yet.”
“They’re all outside coming out of my grandfather Mike’s van.”
“What!” the staff members say.
“Your grandfather Mike is outside?” Harvey asks.
“Yeah,” Diane D says.  “So is my grandma Gracy.”
“Your grandma Gracy is outside too?“
“Yeah.“
“Are she and your grandfather Mike just dropping your family off, or are they coming in here?” Alex asks.
“They’re coming in here.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?” Stephanie asks.
“To check up on me.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow Diane,” Evette says.  “I wouldn’t want to run across your grandfather Mike if he comes in here.  Now your grandmother Gracy is a different story, I wouldn‘t mind running across her, but not your grandfather Mike.”
“Not my grandfather Mike?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because he sounds like a pretty tough guy.”
“Well, he is.  He, my grandmother Gracy and the rest of my family are on their way in here.”
“Okay.  Anyway Diane, welcome back.  It’s nice to see you again.  You look great.”
“Thanks.”  Diane D turns to Michael and says, “Let’s go to the office Michael, shall we?”
“Okay Diane,” Michael says.  Michael turns to the staff members and says, “See you guys later.”
“Okay,” the staff members say.
Diane D and Michael walk away down the hallway as the staff members turn and puzzled look on at them.  

Diane D and Michael continue to walk down the hallway.  They then turn and disappear around the corner.

The staff members continue to puzzled look down the hallway.  “Well what do you all think?” Harvey asks.  “Do you all think she actually kung fu kicked that storage room door, but just doesn’t remember it?”
“I think it’s a strong possibility Harvey,” Alex says.
“Yeah me too,” Evette says.  “Because if Diane doesn’t remember all the other past incidents about herself attacking and kung fu kicking other people or objects, then what would make this recent incident any different?  I think she actually did kung fu kick that storage room door, but just doesn’t remember it.  I think history repeated itself.”
“I think so too.  I feel real bad for Diane.”
“I feel bad for her too,” Stephanie says.  “I think it’s so sad that she doesn’t remember her own actions whenever she loses her cool!”
“I think it’s sad too,” Norman says, “but what can we do?” 
“The only thing we can do, is just be there for Diane,” Alex says.  “I hope she takes her medication like she‘s supposed to.”
“I hope so too.”  The staff members sadly continue to look down the hallway.
Evette then says, “Come on.  Let’s get out of here before we run into her grandfather Mike.”
“Okay,” Stephanie says.  Stephanie and the rest of the staff turn and walk away.





























Chapter 32

Diane D Does An Eerie Performance In Germany!


It is three months later.  Inside a school office in New York, one of the female staff members inside the school picks up the telephone receiver and dials a number.  She listens into the telephone receiver.  She then speaks into it and says, “Hello?  Is this the Diaz-Davidson Organization?”
“Yes it is,” Stephanie says from the other end. 
“Well my name is Elizabeth Carrington.  I work in the Junior High School.  I would like to speak to Diane D.  Is she there?”
“Oh I'm sorry, Diane is not in town right now.  She and her family left the country and flew to Germany a few days ago.  They're gonna perform a show over there.”
“They all went to Germany to perform a show?”
“Yes.”
“How long will they all be there?”
“They're gonna be there for around two or three weeks. Then they'll be back here.”
“Oh yeah?  Isn't Diane D on probation?  How can Diane D go to Germany if she's on probation?”
“The family got permission from her parole officer for her to go to Germany to do a show so that's where they all went.”
“Oh yeah?  Isn't Diane D's cousin Dana in her family's custody?  How can Diane D and her family go to Germany if her cousin Dana is in their custody?”
“They took Dana to Germany with them.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh I see.  Well I just wanted to know if Diane D can come to our school.”
“Come to your school?”
“Yeah.”
“Diane doesn’t come to schools anymore after that hoax that was pulled on her and her family about the little boy who has leukemia.  She hasn’t forgiven about herself and her family being lied to like that.”
“I know and I’m sorry she and her family were lied to about the little boy who has leukemia, but I thought maybe my school and I can try to change her mind.”
“Well you're gonna have to wait until Diane and her family all come back from Germany to speak to her family about it.”
“Okay when they come back to town, I'll call back.”
“Okay no problem.”
“By.”
“By now.”

GERMANY

It is a week later.  Mary, Margarita, Barry, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn, Gracy and Grandpa Mike and two staff members are standing inside a lobby of a German hotel as the identical twins Mike and Mitch who are now around 14-years old stand in front of them talking with them.  Around 10 teen German boys who are Mike and Mitch’s friends surround Mike and Mitch as Mike and Mitch talk with Mary, Margarita, Barry, Tomas, still being very loud and rowdy as Mitch says, “Miss Margarita and Mister Tomas, Mom and Dad said when we come back to the States, we can stay with you guys again if we want to.”
“Stay with us again if you want to?” Tomas says.  
“Yeah,” Mike says.  “They just said it a little while ago.”
“Is that right?”
“Yeah.”
“Well what about what we want guys?” Margarita says. 
“But Miss Margarita, we already made plans to come stay with you when we come back to the states next year.”
“You already made plans,” Barry asks.
“Yeah.”
“Or we can stay with Miss Gracy and Mister Mike when we come back to the states,” Mitch says.
“Stay with us?” Gracy asks.
“Yeah.”
“Our house is already packed guys,” Grandpa Mike says.
“It is?”
“Yes indeed.”
“Then we’ll just stay with Miss Margarita and Mister Tomas again,” Mike says.
“Our house is already packed too,” Tomas says.
“But Mister Tomas.”  Mike and Mitch continue to talk with Margarita, Tomas, Mary and Barry.  

The following day, the Dianettes are inside the hotel room.  They have black dance shirts and leggings laying all on the hotel bed as Miranda says, “Okay girls.  We all decided to wear these dance outfits for our performance next week.”
“And we’re going to have the bows in our hair when we perform,” Bernice says.  “Miranda will wear the pink bow, Charlotte will wear the yellow one, Lonna you will wear the blue bow, Kelly will wear the orange one, Nancy will wear the red one and I will wear the green one.”
“Okay,” Nancy, Charlotte, Lonna and Kelly says.  
“Which bow are we going to put on Diane’s hair again?” Lonna asks.
“The purple one,” Nancy says.
“Where is it?”
“It’s right there in the box with the rest of the bows where they are safe and sound.”  The Dianettes laugh a little.  

It is one week later on a Saturday afternoon.  The hotel room is crowded with Margarita, Tomas, Mary, Barry, Tonio, Marilyn, Nicolas, Mickey, Diane D, Michael, the Dianettes, Mike and Mitch and some of their German friends.  Margarita starts to shout to everyone, “Okay now listen up everybody!”  The entire crowd listens to Margarita as Margarita shouts, “We have to do a show in the park tonight, are we ready?!”
“Yeah we’re ready!” everyone shouts.
“Good!”
Mike and Mitch approach Margarita as Mike asks, “Who’s going to perform first Miss Margarita?”
“Nicolas and Mickey are going to perform first, then you guys will perform after them.”  Margarita looks at everyone else and shouts, “Okay let’s go everybody!”  Everyone turns and heads towards the doorway.

THE PARK:

A large crowd is in an open field in a park.  It is packed full of excited people.  The evening sky is partly cloudy.  The sun is about to set as a large crowd of around five thousand cheering German spectators including teens, young adults, older adults and seniors are gathered standing shoulder to shoulder on a somewhat hill, facing down the hill looking towards a large low oval shaped stage as they half-way surround it.  The stage is half-way surrounded by a barrier between the crowd and the stage with four cameramen spread out at the edge of the stage pointing cameras towards the center of the stage and several male security guards at the edge of the stage near the crowd.  Behind the stage is a big 30 feet arch.  Behind the arch are some dark bushes, weeds and trees.  There are a lot of people holding large banners and large signs high in the air that read, ‘THE DIAZ-DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION’ with very large bold letters printed on them.

There are around three or four luxury trailers parked away from the crowd.  Diane D and the Dianettes, who are all dressed in the black dance outfits and colored bows at the end of their long thick braids, Nicolas, Mickey, Michael, the Band members, Mike, Mitch and ten of the Youth Show performers  hurry down a pathway in the park towards the trailers.  

Inside one of the trailers are chairs facing a large TV monitor.  Mary, Margarita, Barry, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn, Grandpa Mike and two staff members are standing around talking.  The trailer door suddenly opens.  Diane D, the Dianettes, Nicolas, Mickey, Michael, the Band members, Mike, Mitch and the Youth Show performers enter into the trailer.  Barry turns to them and says, “Okay Nicolas and Mickey, you guys are the first to go on.  They‘re about to announce your names.  Head out there now.” 
“Okay Dad,” Nicolas says as he and Mickey turn and hurry back out the trailer.  
Mary turns to Diane D and the Dianettes and says, “How about you girls?  Are you girls ready to perform?”
“Yeah we’re ready Mom,” Diane D says.
“Okay.”  Mary, Diane D, the Dianettes  and everyone else turn and walk towards the chairs that are facing the TV Monitor.
Grandpa Mike heads to another part of the trailer and shouts, “I’m going to get a beer out of the refrigerator!  Who wants one?!”
Tomas turns towards Grandpa Mike and shouts, “They got any Scotch in there Mike?!”
“I’ll take a look Tomas!” Grandpa Mike says as he continues to walk away.
Everyone else sits down on the chairs and face the TV monitor.

Back out in the park, a male German announcer around his late 40’s comes on the stage with a microphone in his hand.  He speaks into the microphone and shouts, “Ladies and gentlemen The Diaz-Davidson Organization is here!”  The crowd starts to cheer!  The announcer then says, “Their first performance is ready to come out!  Ladies and gentlemen, here are Nicolas and Mickey the Diaz-Davidson Brothers!”  The crowd screams and cheers. 
Nicolas and Mickey come out on the stage with a guitar in each of their hands.  They wave to the crowd as they walk to the center of the stage with their guitars.  They sit on two stools that are on the stage.  Nicolas and Mickey start to play the guitars and sing some tunes. 

After 4 minutes, Nicolas and Mickey finish their act.  The crowd cheers and applauds.  Nicolas and Mickey stand and take a bow.  They turn and wave to the crowd as they leave the stage.  The announcer comes back on stage.  He speaks into the microphone and shouts, “Let’s give it up one more time for Nicolas and Mickey The Diaz-Davidson Brothers!”  The crowd cheers again. The announcer then says, “Okay ladies and gentleman, we have another wonderful performance, by some talented youths!” The crowd screams and cheers!  The announcer then says, “Ladies and gentlemen The Diaz-Davidson Organization presents Mike and Mitch and the Diaz-Davidson Youth Show Performers!”  The crowd cheers as Mike, Mitch and the ten German teenage boys come out on stage wearing white T-shirts and dungarees.  Music starts to play.  Mike, Mitch and the ten German teenage boys start to perform a break dance routine.  

After four minutes, Mike, Mitch and the German teenage boys finish their act.  The crowd cheers.  Mike, Mitch and the German teenage boys throw their fists in the air towards the crowd as they turn and leave the stage.  The announcer comes back on stage.  He speaks into the microphone and says, “Wow what a great performance that was!   Let’s give it up again for Mike and Mitch and the Youth Show Performers!”  The crowd cheers and applauds again as the announcer says, “Okay ladies and gentlemen!  We have another wonderful performance! Ladies and gentlemen, The Diaz-Davidson Organization presents Michael and The Diaz-Davidson Band!”  The crowd jumps and cheers louder.
Michael and his band members come out on the stage.  The crowd cheers!  Michael and his band members wave to the crowd.  They start to play the instruments.  The crowd cheers and becomes excited!  Michael and The Band continue to perform.  

After four minutes, Michael and The Band finish their performance.  The crowd cheers.  Michael and The Band turn and wave to the crowd as they leave the stage. The announcer comes back on stage.  He speaks into the microphone and says, “Wow what a great performance!  Let’s give it up again for Michael and The Diaz-Davidson Band!”  The crowd cheers and applauds again!  The announcer then shouts, “Okay ladies and gentleman, we have another wonderful performance!  Ladies and gentlemen, here performing a Jazz Ballet called 'The Illusions Of Zero Gravity' are Diane D, The Dianettes and the Howard Jones Ballet!”  The crowd screams and cheers as chill music starts to play.  Diane D, The Dianettes and seven male dancers, some who are of black and others of different ethnicities come out on stage dancing and twirling.  Diane D and each of the Dianettes have a male partner as they and their male partners turn and swirl.  Diane D and each of the Dianettes are then each lifted into the air by the male dancers.  The crowd calls out to Diane D and the Dianettes as Diane D and the Dianettes continue their dance performance.  The music then changes to a haunting jazz music.  The Howard Jones dancers twirl towards front of the stage as Diane D and the Dianettes twirl towards the back.  They all dance, twirl and spin for a short while.  Then the Howard Jones dancers twirl towards the back of the stage as Diane D and the Dianettes twirl towards the front.  The Howard Jones dancers twirl off the stage as Diane D and the Dianettes are left alone, twirling around on the stage with Diane D in the front.  Diane D and the Dianettes perform slow ballet and yoga movements.  They then stand on their hands, performing slow acrobatic skills.  They get back up on their feet.  Diane D and the Dianettes separate as Diane D and three of the Dianettes swirl to the left as the other three Dianettes swirl to the right.  Diane D and the Dianettes come back together as Diane D and three of the Dianettes swirl back to the center of the stage and the other three Dianettes swirl back to the center.  They all come together again with Diane D in the front and the Dianettes standing in a straight line behind her.  They slowly spread their feet apart.  The twirl their arms together in a motion of a caterpillar.   They slowly bring their feet together.  As they all bring their feet together, they tip toe and slowly raise their bodies up.  As they continue to tip toe, their bodies continue to raise up in the air, appearing to levitate in thin air.  The crowd becomes shock and astonished as Diane D and the Dianettes slowly bring their bodies back down then spread their feet apart.  They continue to spread their feet further and further apart spreading their legs apart as they all go down into a split position.  They all then lean forward as Diane D lays her head on the stage floor with her eyes closed, Charlotte leans her head on Diane D’s back with her eyes closed, Nancy leans her head on Charlotte‘s back with here eyes closed, Kelly leans her head on Nancy’s back with her eyes closed, Miranda leans her head on Kelly‘s back with her eyes closed, Lonna leans her head on Miranda‘s back with here eyes closed and Bernice leans her head on Lonna’s back with her eyes closed.  The music softens as Diane D and the Dianettes all appear to be sound asleep as they lay on each others’ back with their eyes closed.  The music changes as the Howard Jones dancers come back out on stage twirling.  The Howard Jones dancers approach sleeping Diane D and the Dianettes.   One shouts to the others, “Hey!  We got to wake up these sleeping beauties!”
“Iyii!!” shouts another male dancer.  Each male dancer approach each girl and lift them up.   Diane D and the Dianettes appear to have awaken out of their sleep as they swirl and twirl with the male dancers.  They all dance, twirl and spin for a short while.  The Howard Jones dancers twirl towards the front of the stage as Diane D and the Dianettes twirl towards the back.  Diane D and the Dianettes twirl off the stage as the Howard Jones Dancers are left alone, twirling around on the stage.

Inside the lobby of a hotel, a small crowd of people are standing around anxious.   A woman in the crowd looks to the side and says, “Hey, isn't that Diane D's grandmother and aunt?!”
A man in the crowd looks to the side and says, “Yeah that is them!”
“Maybe we can speak to them about getting last minute tickets!”
“Yeah let's go!”  The people hurry off.

Gracy and Aunt Celeste are walking across the lobby as the crowd of people anxiously approach them.  “Hi!” the crowd of people shout.  Gracy and Aunt Celeste stop and turn to the people as the woman says, “You're Diane D's grandmother and aunt aren't you?”
“Yes we are,” Aunt Celeste says.  “What can we do for you?”
“Well we wanted to know if we can hurry and purchase last minute tickets to see Diane D and the Dianettes’ show before their show is over, so we came here to the hotel real quick because we all know this is where you all are staying.  When we came here in the lobby, we saw your other granddaughter and niece Dana way down the other end of the lobby.  We all got excited when we saw Dana, so we decided to approach her.  When we approached her, it seemed like she got very annoyed.  We asked her how’s she doing and told her it’s nice to see her.  Then we asked Dana does she know whether or not her family have any last minute tickets for the show before the show is over.  Then she snapped at us and told us not to bother her.  Then she just turned and walked away from us.”
“She did?”
“Yeah,” one of the men says.  “We all got upset about it.”
“What!” Gracy says.  “You know this is the third time today that people have complained to our family that Dana's been rude to them when they approach her.”
“It is?”
“Yes!  We can't be having this.  We can't be having Dana being rude to the public every time they approach her.”
“I know,” Aunt Celeste says.  “Where is Dana?”
“We saw her go in one of the rooms down the hall,” the woman says.
“Well I'm gonna go in that back room and straighten her out.”  Aunt Celeste turns and walks away from everybody as everyone turns and stare at her.  
The people then turn to Gracy as the woman asks, “So does your family have last minute tickets to see Diane D and the Dianettes' show?”
“Yes Celeste have extra last minute tickets,” Gracy says.  “When she comes back here, you can by the tickets from her.”
“Alright, good!” the people say.

“What!” Dana’s voice angrily shouts from one of the rooms down the hallway.  “What the fuck #*(**&^^$#$^%!” 
“Don't be raising your voice at me!” Aunt Celeste voice shouts from the room.

Gracy and the crowd of people turn their heads towards the hallway where the bickering sound is coming from.

“Yo what the fuck #*(**&^^$#$^%!” Dana’s voice shouts from the room again.  “Yo who the fuck #*(**&^^$#$^%!  How the fuck #*(**&^ ^$#$^%!  So why the fuck #*(**&^^$#$^%! #*(**&^^$#$^%!  Where’s the fuck #*(**&^^$#$^%! So how's the fuck #*(**&^^$#$^%#* (**&^^$ #$^%! #*(**&^^$#$^%!  So let the fuck #@*(**&^^$#$^%!”
Aunt Celeste suddenly comes out of the room.  She turns her head back towards the room and shouts, “This is the last time I'm gonna tell you this Dana!  I'm just telling you to stay cool!”
Dana comes out of the same room and hollers to Aunt Celeste, “And I'm just telling you, tell those people stay the fuck away from me!”  Dana turns away from Aunt Celeste and walks down the hallway.  Aunt Celeste angrily stares at Dana as Dana turns and disappears down the hallway.  
Aunt Celeste angrily turns back around and heads back to Gracy and the crowd of people.  

Gracy and the crowd of people stare at Aunt Celeste.  Aunt Celeste approaches Gracy and the crowd of people as Gracy asks, “Is everything okay Celeste?”
“Yeah everything's okay Mom,” Aunt Celeste says.  She then whispers in Gracy’s ear and says, “I sure wish we would have left Dana home.”
“I know Celeste, but she‘s in our custody.  We have to bring her where ever we are.”
“Unfortunately, we do.”  Aunt Celeste turns to the crowd of people and says, “Now you all want last minute tickets?  I had to get extra last minute tickets made because so many people kept coming asking for last minute tickets we wind up running out of them.”
“Really?” the woman says.  “Okay.  Sorry about what happened with us and your niece Dana.”
“Yeah,” the man says.  “We didn’t mean to annoy her.”
“Oh don’t worry about Dana,” Aunt Celeste says, “I’m not through with her yet.  But let’s forget about Dana right now and focus on these last minute tickets so you can see the show.”
“Alriiight!” the crowd happily shouts.  “We'll by them now!”
“We still have time to see the show right?” the man asks.
“Yeah the show is still running,” Aunt Celeste says.  “It's not over yet.  You all can by these discount tickets real quick, then make a quick run to the show.”
“Okay!” the people say. 
Aunt Celeste goes into her bag as the people smile and anxiously start to get their money ready.

Back at the show, the Howard Jones Dancers are still on stage, stomping their feet and clapping their hands as they surround a disco ball seeming to be floating in mid-air.  

Inside the trailer, Mary, Margarita, Barry, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn and Grandpa Mike are still sitting on the chairs facing the TV monitor watching the Howard Jones Dancers’ performance on the TV monitor.  The trailer door suddenly opens.  Nicolas, Mickey, Michael, the Band members, Mike, Mitch and the Youth Show performers enter into the trailer.  Barry turns to them and says, “Okay guys, the girls are about to perform again.”
“Okay Dad,” Nicolas says as he, and Mickey, Michael, the Band members, Mike, Mitch and the Youth Show performers rush and sit on the chairs and on the floor near Mary, Margarita, Barry, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn and Grandpa Mike.

Back on stage, the Howard Jones Dancers are still performing around the floating disco ball.  They then dance and twirl around the floating ball.  They then grab the floating ball and twirl and disappear off the stage with the ball.  Different chill music starts to play.  As the music plays, Charlotte and Bernice come out and twirl from opposite sides of the stage.  They twirl to the center of the stage and dance together, performing fantastic ballet moves as the crowd starts to scream and shout, “Dianettes!”   Charlotte and Bernice start to run together and twirl high in the air.  They then do flips and spins.  They suddenly bump into one another.  Charlotte and Bernice then stop dancing and angrily face each other.  Bernice silently argues with Charlotte.  Charlotte argues back.  They start to argue silently on the stage as the music continues to play.  Charlotte then jumps a little in the air, turns and runs away from Bernice!  Bernice throws her arms out to grab Charlotte!  She starts to give chase as the audience gets excited and scream.  Charlotte runs to one side of the stage.  Bernice chases after Charlotte!  Charlotte turns around and runs to the opposite side of the stage with Bernice in hot pursuit!  She turns around the other way and runs back to the opposite side of the stage!  She frighteningly goes under a box on the stage and hides underneath it.  Bernice charges to the box.  She lifts the box up off the stage floor and throws it aside.  There is no Charlotte!  

The audience gasps!

Back on stage, Bernice puts her hand over her brow and looks around the stage for Charlotte.  Charlotte suddenly appears and runs in front of Bernice!  Bernice sees Charlotte and chases after her again!  She catches up to Charlotte and grabs her!  She then lets go of Charlotte.  She turns the other way and runs from Charlotte.  Charlotte starts to give chase as the audience gets excited and scream again.  Bernice runs to one side of the stage.  Charlotte chases after her!  Bernice turns around and runs to the opposite side of the stage with Charlotte in hot pursuit!  Bernice turns around the other way and runs back to the opposite side of the stage!  She frighteningly goes under a blanket on the stage and hides underneath it.  Charlotte charges to the blanket!  She lifts the blanket up off the stage floor.  There is no Bernice!  

The audience gasps again!

Back on stage, Charlotte puts her hand over her brow and looks around the stage for Bernice.  Bernice suddenly appears from behind a pole looking right at Charlotte.  She then runs in front of Charlotte!  Charlotte sees Bernice and chases after her again!  She catches up to Bernice and grabs her!  She then lets go of Bernice and runs from her!  Bernice starts to chase after Charlotte again as they both twirl and disappear off the stage. 

The audience scream and cheer!

Back on stage,  Different music starts to play.  Miranda and Lonna come out and twirl from opposite sides of the stage.  They twirl to the center of the stage and dance together, performing fantastic ballet moves as the crowd starts to scream and shout, “Dianettes!”  Miranda and Lonna start to run together and twirl high in the air.  They then do flips and spins.  They suddenly bump into one another.  Miranda and Lonna then stop dancing and angrily face each other.  Lonna silently argues with Miranda.  Miranda argues back.  They start to argue silently on the stage as the music continues to play.  Miranda then jumps a little in the air, turns and runs away from Lonna!  Lonna throws her arms out to grab Miranda!  She starts to give chase as the audience gets excited and scream.  Miranda runs to one side of the stage.  Lonna chases after Miranda!  Miranda turns around and runs to the opposite side of the stage with Lonna in hot pursuit!   She turns around the other way and runs back to the opposite side of the stage!  She frighteningly runs to a wall that's on the stage!  She runs her feet right up the wall and does back flips as Lonna charges to the wall!

The audience gasps again and hold their chest!

Back on the stage, Lonna runs her feet up on the wall and does back flips also as Miranda runs across the stage!  Lonna continues to chase after Miranda as Miranda runs to the wall on the opposite side of the stage!   She runs her feet right up that wall again and does back flips as Lonna charges to that wall also!

The audience gasps again and hold their chest again!

Back on the stage, Lonna runs her feet up on the wall and does back flips again as Miranda runs back across the stage!  Lonna continues to chase after Miranda!    Miranda frighteningly runs back to the other wall on the opposite side of the stage!  This time she jumps and throws her arms to the wall!  She starts to mysteriously climb the bare wall!

The audience gasps again!

Back on the stage, Lonna stops running.  She places her hands on her hips and watches Miranda mysteriously climbing the bare wall.  She then runs to the wall again.  She jumps and throws her arms to the wall!  She starts to mysteriously climb the bare wall herself!

The audience gasps again!

Back on the stage, Miranda and Lonna continue to climb the bare wall sticking to the wall like magnets getting close to the top of the 30 feet wall with Miranda above Lonna!   Miranda suddenly kicks at Lonna.   Lonna suddenly drops towards the lower part of the wall!  She quickly spreads her legs apart into a split position and stops, breaking her fall!  

The audience gasps again and hold their chest!

Back on stage, Lonna clings to the lower part of the wall like a magnet.  She starts to climb the wall again, going after Miranda.  Miranda is at the very top of the bare wall near the ceiling of the wall.  This time, she mysteriously starts crawl across the ceiling like a magnet!

The audience gasps again and hold their chest again!

Back on the stage, Lonna watches Miranda mysteriously crawl across the ceiling!   She then continues to climb the bare wall again.  She is at the very top of the bare wall near the ceiling of the wall.  She mysteriously starts crawl across the ceiling herself!

The audience gasp again and hold their chest again!

Back on the stage, Miranda and Lonna continue to crawl across the ceiling sticking to the ceiling like magnets!   Miranda and Lonna crawl all across the ceiling towards the wall on the opposite side of the stage.   They start to climb down that wall.  They climb down towards the lower part of the wall still clinging to the wall like magnets.  They reach the lower part of the wall and jump off the wall landing on the stage floor.  They start to twirl and disappear off the stage. 

The audience scream and cheer!

Back on stage,  Different music starts to play.  Kelly and Nancy come out and twirl from opposite sides of the stage.  They twirl to the center of the stage and dance together, performing fantastic ballet moves as the crowd starts to scream and shout, “Dianettes!”  Kelly and Nancy start to run together and twirl high in the air.  They then do flips and spins.  They suddenly bump into one another.  Kelly and Nancy then stop dancing and angrily face each other.  Nancy silently argues with Kelly.  Kelly argues back.  They start to argue silently on the stage as the music continues to play.  Kelly then jumps a little in the air, turns and runs away from Nancy!  Nancy throws her arms out to grab Kelly!  She starts to give chase as the audience gets excited and scream.  Kelly runs to one side of the stage.  Nancy chases after Kelly!  Kelly turns around and runs to the opposite side of the stage with Nancy in hot pursuit!   She turns around the other way and runs back to the opposite side of the stage!   She frighteningly runs to a dresser draw that's on the stage!  Nancy runs right to Kelly!   She angrily points her finger at Kelly demanding her to lift the heavy drawer!  Kelly frighteningly grabs the dresser drawer.  She tilts the dresser drawer and goes underneath the dresser drawer.  She mysteriously lifts the dresser drawer over her back lifting it off the stage floor!

The audience gasps!

Back on the stage, Kelly places the heavy drawer back down on the stage.  Nancy then turns and cartwheels towards a refrigerator that’s on the stage.  She looks towards Kelly and demands Kelly to lift the heavy refrigerator as she points to the refrigerator!  Kelly goes to the refrigerator.  She grabs the refrigerator.  She tilts the refrigerator and goes underneath the refrigerator.  She mysteriously lifts the refrigerator over her back lifting it off the stage floor!

The audience gasps again!

Back on the stage, Kelly places the heavy refrigerator back down on the stage.  Nancy then turns and cartwheels towards a small car that’s on the stage.  Nancy tumble sauces over the car and angrily points at the car to Kelly.  She looks towards Kelly and demands Kelly to lift the small car.  She and Kelly go on opposite ends of the car.  They place their palms beneath each end of the car.  With all their might they bend their knees and lift the heavy car right up off the stage!

The audience gasp and hold their chest again!

Back on the stage, Nancy and Kelly places the heavy car back down on the stage.  Nancy then turns and cartwheels towards a mini-bus that’s on the stage.  Nancy tumble sauces near the mini-bus and angrily points at the mini-bus to Kelly.  She looks towards Kelly and demands Kelly to lift the mini-bus.  She and Kelly go on opposite ends of the mini-bus.  They turn and face their back towards the mini-bus.  They bend down on the stage floor and get on their knees.  They place the bottom of their feet beneath the ends of the mini-bus.  With all their might, they do hand stands as they lift the heavy mini-bus right off the stage!

The audience gasp and hold their chest again!

Back on the stage, Kelly and Nancy lower their legs and feet and slowly bring the mini-bus back down on the stage floor.  They then place both of their feet on the stage floor.  They then get up off the stage floor and stand doing twirling moves.  They start to twirl and disappear off the stage. 

The audience scream and cheer!

Back on stage,  Different music starts to play.  Diane D comes out and twirls from one side of the stage.  The crowd starts to scream and shout, “Diane D!  Diane D!”  Diane D starts to twirl and spin near the edges of the round stage right near the audience.  The audience members excitedly hold their arms and hands out to Diane D calling out, “Diane D!” trying to get a hand shake from her as she twirls and spins near them.  Diane D continues to twirl and spin as she twirls to the center of the stage.  She spins then holds her arm out and stops as she faces the front of the audience firmly looking her eyes way up towards the back of the audience.  She holds one arm in the air and one arm to the side as she slowly raises her head up.  “Diane D!” the crowd shouts again.  Diane D's head faces all the way up in the air.  She then brings her head back down facing her head forward again then turns her head to the side and firmly looks towards the side of the audience.  Then she looks away from the side of the audience and starts to dance performing fantastic ballet dance moves as the crowd screams and cheers!  Two cameramen riding on a cart circle Diane D facing the camera at her as she dances.  Diane D starts to run and twirl high in the air.  She then does forward flips.  She then does back flips!   She then twirls and do ballet dance moves again.  She starts to throw her arms and fists into the air performing boxing moves.  Then she spins her entire body around and continues to do boxing moves.  She then add some kicks to it performing kick-boxing moves!  Then she stops kicking and spins around again.  She starts to spread her legs and feet apart very slowly as she continues to throw her arms and fists in the air.  Her legs and feet continue to spread apart as she goes lower to the floor still throwing her arms and fists in the air.  She quickly bends her upper body down swaying it then quickly brings it right back up as she continues to throw her arms and fists in the air still spreading her legs apart!  Diane D’s legs and feet are still slowly spreading apart going into a split position as she gets closer and closer to the floor still throwing her arms and fists in the air.   Diane D is now on the floor with her legs and feet completely apart.  She is in a complete split position as she continues to throw her arms and fists in the air.  She then brings her head and chest down towards the floor as she continues to throw her arms and fists still doing boxing moves.  She then stops throwing her arms and fists and lays her face, chest and arms down on the floor as her legs and feet remain in a split position.  She slowly stops moving as the music starts to slow down.  She suddenly stops moving completely.  The two cameramen riding on the cart continue to circle Diane D and face the camera at her as she lays motionless on the stage.

The crowd anxiously watch Diane D.

Back on the stage, Diane D remains motionless with her face, chest and arms still down to the floor with her legs still in a split position.  The two cameramen riding on the cart continue to circle Diane D and face the camera at her as she lays motionless not moving.

The crowd anxiously continues to watch Diane D.  They shout to her, “Diane D!  Diane D!”

Back on the stage, the two camera men riding on the cart continue to circle Diane D and face the camera at her as she still lays motionless on the stage floor.  “Diane D!” voices from the crowd shout again.  Diane D does not respond.  She continues to remain motionless.  She appears to be sound asleep.  “Diane D!” voices from the crowd continue to shout.  Diane D still does not respond.  

The crowd, the camera men on the side of the stage and the security guards anxiously watch Diane D.  They puzzled look at Diane D seeing her not doing anything.  They start to become nervous.  The crowd nervously look at each other.  They do not know what to do.  Then they puzzled look back at Diane D as an older woman in the crowd asks, “What is she doing?  Is she sleeping?”
“No I don’t think so,” an older man in the crowd says.  “It looks like she’s meditating.”
“Meditating?!” the rest of the crowd shockingly asks.
“That’s what it looks like.”
“Oh my God,” the woman says as she and the rest of the crowd anxiously look back at Diane D and nervously watch her.

Back on the stage, Diane D still remains motionless with her face, chest and arms still down to the floor with her legs still in a split position.  As the music changes and starts to pump again, suddenly, Diane D's torso and hips slowly rise a few inches off the stage floor as her head, arms, both of her hands, legs and feet remain on the stage floor.  The audience starts to cheer.  Diane D’s legs and feet suddenly rise a few inches off the stage floor also as they remain in a split position.  The audience continues to cheer. As Diane D’s torso and hips raise higher, her legs and feet raise higher and slowly start to come closer to each other.  Diane D’s torso, hips, legs and feet are still rising as her legs and feet come a little more close to each other with her head, arms and both of her hands remaining on the stage floor.   Her lower body is now one foot off the stage floor with her legs and feet still spread apart as her head, arms and both of her hands remain on the floor!  Diane D raises her entire lower body in a slight diagonal position.  She then holds her body stiff as she balances her entire weight on her head, arms and hands!

The crowd, the cameramen and security guards become shocked and amazed to see Diane D balancing her entire weight in a slant position on her head, arms and hands!  They continue to cheer.

Back on the stage, Diane D’s head and arms suddenly rise a few inches off the stage floor causing her torso, hips, legs and feet to rise even more higher with her legs and feet still spread apart as her hands remain on the stage floor.  Diane D’s arms start to straighten and stand as her head and arms suddenly rise higher causing her torso, hips, legs and feet to raise even more higher.  Diane D’s arms are straightening more and standing more as her head, torso, hips, legs and feet are all raising two feet off the floor with her hands remaining on the floor!  Diane D's arms are now standing completely straight as her entire body is now balancing two feet off the stage floor in a complete horizontal position!   She is balancing her entire weight on her arms and hands with her legs and feet still spread apart!

The crowd screams as they watch Diane D!  They, the camera men and security guards are shocked and stunned to see Diane D balancing her entire body weight in a horizontal position on her arms and hands!  They anxiously look up in the air and sky to see what could be lifting and holding Diane D's lower body up in a horizontal position two feet off the floor!  They do not see any evidence of anything physical that could be holding and lifting Diane D's body up in a complete horizontal position!  One of the men in the crowd shouts, “How is she able to do that?!”
“I don’t know!” another man shockingly says.  “The only time I can do something like that, is when I’m under water!”
“Me too!  But there’s no water there!”
“I know!”  The two men and the rest of the crowd continue to shockingly watch Diane D.  

Back on the stage, as Diane D’s body remain in a horizontal position, suddenly her hips go all the way up in the air putting her upper body vertical in an upside-down position as her hands remain on the stage floor.  Suddenly her legs and feet go all the way up in the air putting her legs and feet vertical in an upside-down position also as her hands remain on the stage floor.  Diane D's entire body is now raised in a complete vertical position!  She is completely upside down as she balances her entire weight on her hands doing a complete hand stand!

The crowd is shocked as they watch Diane D do a hand stand!  

Diane D then spins and twirls her entire body around on her hands as her legs and feet start to spread apart again doing different split positions right in the air!   She suddenly removes her right hand off the stage floor.  She is now doing a hand stand on one hand!  

The audience gasps!

Back on stage, Diane D is balancing her entire weight on one hand as she starts to spin and twirl the rest of her body around!  Diane D's legs move about and sway around in the air in different split positions as she continues to hold her balance and entire body weight on one hand!

The people who had recently purchased tickets from Aunt Celeste and Gracy back at the hotel lobby earlier suddenly burst anxiously through the back of the crowd.  They look way down at the stage.  “Who's that?!” one of the men shouts.
“Oh my God that's Diane D!” one of the women shouts.  “She’s already performing!”
“And she's doing a hand stand, on one hand!” the second man shouts.  
“Damn!  We missed the beginning!”  The people and the rest of the crowd watch Diane D stunned.

Inside the trailer, Mary, Margarita, Barry, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn and Grandpa Mike, Nicolas, Mickey, Michael, the Band members, Mike, Mitch and the Youth Show performers are still sitting facing the TV monitor anxiously watching Diane D‘s performance on the TV monitor.  The trailer door suddenly opens.  Gracy and Aunt Celeste enter into the trailer as Aunt Celeste shouts, “Hey everybody!  What did me miss?!”
“You missed a lot Celeste,” Barry says.  
“Damn!  Slide over fellows!”  Celeste goes and sits next to Nicolas and Mickey as Gracy goes and sits next to Margarita.  They all turn to the TV monitor and continue to anxiously watch Diane D‘s performance.

Back on the stage, Diane D's left palm suddenly raises off the stage floor, leaving just her left fingertips touching the stage floor!

The crowd screams as they watch Diane D!  They become shocked and stunned to see Diane D balancing her entire weight upside down on her left finger tips!   They anxiously look up in the air and sky again to see what could be lifting and holding Diane D's body straight up in the air!  They do not see any evidence of anything physical that could be holding and lifting Diane D's body upside down in the air!

Back on the stage, Diane D's left fingertips turn making her entire body turn while her legs continue to move about and sway around in the air in different split positions as she continues to hold her entire balance on her left finger tips!  Diane D's left palm lowers again.  Her left palm slowly raises again as her left fingertips turn again, making her entire body turn again as her legs continue to move about and sway around in the air in different split positions as she continues to hold her balance on her left finger tips.  The two cameramen riding on the cart continue to circle Diane D and point the camera at her.  Diane D's left palm lowers back to the stage floor again.  Her right hand comes back down to the stage floor as she does the hand stand back on both hands.   Her legs and feet slowly come back down.  Her torso and hips slowly come back down as her legs remain a split position.  Diane D's head and chest come down slowly and land on her right leg as she faces downward.  She suddenly turns around making herself lay face up on her back with her eyes closed and her head back appearing to be unconscious as her right leg and foot remain all the way up to her head in a split position.  Diane D’s right leg suddenly comes down near her left leg having both legs on the stage floor near each other.  Diane D’s legs and arms suddenly spread out on the floor far apart from each other.  Suddenly Diane D raises her arms and hands off the stage floor with her hands balled up into fists as she tries to lift her body up.  Her entire body seems to rise an inch off the floor then spins around in a horizontal position to a different part of the stage appearing to be sort of weightless as her eyes remain closed and her head back.  

The audience gasps!   They anxiously look up in the air and sky to see what could have possibly be spinning Diane D's body around the stage floor seeming weightless!

Back on the stage, Diane D‘s body then stops spinning and seems to land back down on the stage floor as she spreads her arms out on the floor.  Diane D raises her arms and fists off the stage floor again as she tries to lift her body up again.  Her entire body seems to rise an inch off the floor again then spins around in a horizontal position again to another part of the stage appearing to be weightless again!  

The audience gasps again!   They anxiously look back up in the air and sky to see what could have possibly be spinning Diane D's body around the stage floor seeming weightless again!

Back on the stage, Diane D‘s body stops spinning again and seems to land back down on the stage floor again as she spreads her arms out on the floor again.  Diane D raises her arms and fists off the stage floor again as she tries to lift her body up again.  Her entire body seems to rise an inch off the floor again then spins around in a horizontal position again back to the center of the stage appearing to be weightless again!

The audience gasps again!   They anxiously look back up in the air and sky again!

Back on the stage, Diane D‘s body stops spinning again and seems to land back down on the stage floor again as she spreads her arms out on the stage floor again.  As Diane D’s arms remain spread out on the stage floor with her eyes closed and her head back, suddenly, her entire body seems to rise an inch off the floor again.  It then rises another inch!  It then rises a few more inches!  

The audience starts to gasp again!  

Back on the stage, Diane D’s body continues to rise higher as she starts to do an eerie levitation scene!   The crowd starts to scream in fear as Diane D’s body levitates one foot off the stage floor!  Her body continues to rise higher!  The crowd continues to scream in fear as Diane D’s body levitates two feet off the stage floor!  Her body continues to rise higher!  The crowd continues to scream in fear as Diane D’s body levitates three feet off the stage floor!  Her body continues to rise higher!  The crowd continues to scream as Diane D’s body levitates four feet off the stage floor!   

The audience frighteningly turn around and run away from the stage!  They run towards the back of the crowd screaming in fear!

Back on the stage, Diane D’s body continues to levitate off the stage floor floating in mid air!   The cameramen and security guards look on shocked as one of them shouts, “Oh my god she's floating!”
“Oh shit!” one of the camera men says.
“How the hell she do that?!” the second security guard shouts.  The cameramen and security guards shockingly and frighteningly look at Diane D's body as it floats in mid air!  The cameramen and security guards look up in the air above Diane D and shockingly see no means of support!  They look down underneath her and shockingly see no means of support underneath her either.
“There's nothing holding her!” the first security guard shouts.  “I don't see any evidence of anything physical that could be making her body float in mid-air!”
“You sure it's not the wind?!” the second security guard says.  
“No it's not the wind!  Nobody else is floating!”

The audience stop running and frighteningly turn back around and look back at Diane D!  They continue to scream in fear!  They anxiously look up in the air and sky to see what could be lifting and holding Diane D's body up in mid air!  They do not see any evidence of anything physical that could be lifting and holding her body up in mid air!

Back on the stage, the two cameramen on the cart continue to point the camera right at Diane D!  Diane D's body start to spin around in mid air as her head remains back with her eyes closed and her arms, hands and feet wave around as if spinning her body around in mid air.  One of the security guard shouts, “Oh my God!  She’s spinning around in mid air!  What are we gonna do?!”
“I don't know!” a second security guard shouts.  “I've never seen or experience anything like this before!”
“Me neither!” the cameraman shouts.
“Maybe we should go near her to protect her just in case she falls and gets hurt!” the first security guard shouts.  
“I don’t want to go near that!  I’m afraid!”
“But we have to!  We can’t just leave her to float in mid air alone!”  The security guards and cameramen nervously look at each other.  They then look back at Diane D's body and rush towards her body!  
Diane D's body continues to spin!  Her feet almost hits the security guards and cameramen causing them to duck and quickly get out of her way!  The security guards and cameramen bend back up and shockingly look at Diane D's body.  “My God she almost kicked us!” the third security guard shouts.
“I know!” the first security guard shouts.  “We gotto be very careful with her!  I hear her kicks really hurt!”
“I heard that too!” the second security guard shouts.
“So what should we do?!” the fourth security guard shouts.
“We got to circle her to catch her whichever direction she goes in just in case she falls!” the first security guard shouts.  
The men nervously turn to each other.  They frighteningly look back at Diane D's body.  They circle her body as it continues to float and spin!  “Oh my God!” the cameraman shouts.  
“This is unbelievable!” the first security guard says.  Diane D appears to remain unconscious as her body slowly stops spinning with her head still back and eyes closed as the crowd continues to scream!  Diane D's body stops spinning as her arms and hands hang from her torso.  Her head and upper body slowly goes downward towards the stage floor leaving her legs and feet higher in the air.  “Oh my God!” the first security guard shouts.  
The fourth cameraman runs to the other side of Diane D's body!  The third security guards nervously turns to him and shouts, “What are you doing?!”
“I want to get this shot!” the fourth cameraman shouts.  “This is a once in a lifetime thing!”  The cameraman goes down to the floor underneath Diane D's body.  He points and shoots the camera right up at her back as her upper body slowly comes back down to the stage floor with her legs and feet still higher in the air!  Diane D's upper body slowly land back down on the stage floor then her lower body lands.  She lays right near the fourth cameraman as her eyes remain closed.  The fourth camera man continues to point and shoot the camera at Diane D‘s body.  He then points and shoots the camera right at Diane D's face.  She still appears to be unconscious not knowing what‘s going on.  The rest of the cameramen and security guards bend to the floor to Diane D.  They look at Diane D’s face as one of them asks, “Is she alright?”
“I don’t know,” the second guard says.  “She looks unconscious!”
The men continue to puzzled look down at Diane D.  Suddenly, Diane D's left leg bends all the way up bringing her left knee right up to her chest.   The cameramen and security guards frighteningly back away a little!  They puzzled look at Diane D.  They then bend back to her and nervously look at her face.  Suddenly, her lower left leg kicks all the way up kicking one of the security guards right in the face!  “Aaaaaahh!” the security guard screams and holds his face in pain as Diane D’s left foot continues to kick all the way up near her head, having her legs going into a split position again as she lays on her back.  The men frighteningly back away from Diane D as one of the security guards shouts, “My God!  She kicked me!” as he continues to hold his face.  
“Yeah I know!” the other security guard shouts.  “That's why I said we got to be careful!”  Diane D continues to lay on the stage floor in a split position with her eyes closed and head back still appearing to be unconscious as her body suddenly turns over face down in the split position.  The men shockingly look at Diane D and frighteningly back away from her as the crowd continues to scream in fear.  Diane D's hips suddenly raise with her feet and hands remaining on the stage floor.  Her legs and feet start to stand.  The cameramen and security guards frighteningly back further away from Diane D!  They puzzled stare at Diane D as her eyes remain closed.  Her body seems to be moving completely on its own without her doing it!  Diane D's head and upper body then come up, having her body stand up right!  The cameramen and security guards frighteningly back further away from Diane D!  
Diane D turns toward the center of the audience.  Her eyes are now half open with most of her eyeballs hidden behind her half closed eyelids.  She appears to be in a state of trance as she looks way up towards the back of the audience, giving the back of the audience a stone cold blank look!  She throws her left arm and fist up in the air!  She suddenly brings her right knee up.  Different music starts to play.  Diane D stands on her left leg and holds her right leg in the air with her right arm and hand around it.  She suddenly looks up as she holds her head back.  She then raises her left arm and hand high in the air.  She kicks her right leg out and starts to levitate again in a vertical position as her body rises four to five feet in the air!  

The crowd continues to scream in fear!

Diane D’s body starts to spin in mid air with her head forward and eyes closed again.  Her head then falls back, her arms and legs hang from her body as her body continues to spin!  She appears to be hanging and spinning by an invisible rope and noose as the crowd continues to scream in fear!  

The audience turn around running away out of the field!  They are pushing and shoving each other as they desperately try to get away!  There is panicking and stampede among the crowd as several people hold their chests, then fall to the grass!  Mary, Margarita, Barry, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn and Grandpa Mike, Nicolas, Mickey, Michael, Aunt Celeste, Gracy and the rest of Diane D's relatives run through the crowd as they hurry towards the stage!   They puzzled look at the crowd as the crowd continues to scream and run away!  Mary and the rest of Diane D’s family then look forward and continue to hurry towards the stage! 

As Mary, Margarita, Barry, Tomas and the rest of Diane D's family almost reach the stage, Diane D’s body suddenly falls!  She quickly waves her arms, hands, legs and feet out and kicks another security guard in the face as she falls!  “Aaaaaahh!” the security guard screams and holds his face in pain as Diane D’s body drops and lands hard on the stage floor!  
 Diane D‘s family finally reach the stage!  They see Diane D on the stage floor and shout, “Diane!”  They rush right on the large stage and run towards Diane D!
Diane D suddenly lays up on the stage floor as her eyes remain shut.  She shakes her head.  She then opens her eyes and awakens out of her trance.  Her eyes appear as if she has just woken up from a long sleep as she looks around in a daze not seeming to know where she is and not seeming to know what is happening to her.  She then grabs her backside and holds herself in pain.
“Diane!” her family shockingly shouts as they continue to rush to her!
Diane D painfully and worriedly looks at her family and the rest of her relatives as they rush to her.  
Diane D's family approach her!  They bend down on the stage floor to her and shout, “Diane!  Diane!”  They then grab Diane D.  They tightly hold her as they shout to her, “Diane!”  
“Estas bien?!” Mary shouts.  “Que ha pasado?!”
“Diane!” Margarita shouts.  “Hable a nosotros!  Diga algo!”
“Diane are you okay?!” Barry shouts.  Diane D puzzled looks at her family!  “What in the world happened to you?!” Barry shouts.  Diane D’s eyes are half closed with her head back.  Barry then wraps his arm entirely around Diane D.  Diane D has her head laid back against Barry’s arm as her family worriedly look at her and continue to hold her.  
The security guards, the cameramen and other witnesses approach Diane D!  Other people rush to Diane D.

Several ambulances arrive in the field.  They tend to several people that are on the ground.

The security guards, Diane D’s family and people on the stage continue to surround Diane D as three male paramedics rush to them with a stretcher.  “Okay everyone let us through!” the paramedics shout.  The people look at the paramedics and start to clear out of the way.

The paramedics in the field have several people laying in stretchers.  They lift the stretchers and place them into the ambulances.

The paramedics on the stage lift the first security guard who got kicked in the face by Diane D onto a stretcher as they hold a bloody cloth over his face.  They quickly walk the stretcher with the security guard away as they continue to hold the bloody cloth over his face.  The other three male paramedics have Diane D laying and strapped tightly in a stretcher as they rush her and the stretcher off the stage!  Diane D's family, the security officers and cameramen rush and follow off after Diane D's stretcher!  Other paramedics lift the second security guard who got kicked in the face by Diane D onto a stretcher as they hold a bloody cloth over his face.  They quickly walk the security guard and the stretcher away as they continue to hold the bloody cloth over his face.

Across the grass area, the Dianettes race after Diane D's stretcher as Michael, Nicolas, Mickey, the Diaz-Davidson Band and the Howard Jones Ballet race after the Dianettes!  Tons of witnesses race off after Michael, Nicolas, Mickey, the Diaz-Davidson Band and the Howard Jones Ballet!
The paramedics lift Diane D's stretcher and place her into the ambulances.  Mary and Barry get into the ambulance.  The Dianettes rush to the back of the ambulance!  They try to get into the ambulance!  The paramedics and security guards pull and hold them back as one of the paramedics says, “I'm sorry you all can't get in there with her, there's no room!”  The Dianettes angrily fight off the security guards!  
Barry comes out of the ambulance.  He tries to calm the Dianettes and shouts, “Girls!  Girls!  Calm down girls!”  The Dianettes calm a little and angrily look at Barry as he shouts, “There's no room for you all to ride in the ambulance!  If y'all want to come to the hospital, then you all can ride in the van!”  Barry turns to Michael, Nicolas and Mickey and shouts, “Guys, could you ride the girls to the hospital and meet us there?!  We will meet you all at the hospital!”
“Sure Dad,” Nicolas says.
“Thanks a lot.” Barry turns to the paramedics and says, “Okay take it away guys!”  Barry quickly steps into the ambulance.  The door shuts behind him as Michael, the Dianettes, Nicolas, Mickey and the Diaz-Davidson Band turn and take off!  The ambulance then pulls off and races away.

A couple of hours later, Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Gracy, Mike, Aunt Celeste and other relatives stand out in the hospital hallway all in shock as two doctors, several police officers and several reporters speak to them.  One of the doctors, a male white in his mid 50’s, says, “We're gonna take some X-rays on your daughter Diane D to see if she has any broken bones or any other injuries from when she fell and landed on the stage. We're also gonna have psychologists check on your daughter's state of mind later, because she's not talking right now, but we need to know, what happened with your daughter while she was performing on stage.  We got a lot of patients just brought here in the hospital who were shocked then passed out from witnessing your daughter and the Dianettes' performances.  Security guards and other witnesses at the performance said while your daughter Diane D was performing, she got all the way down on the floor in a split position and seemed to have meditated right there on the stage!  Then they said she seemed to have went into some sort of hypnotic trance.  The next thing people noticed, was that your daughter rose slowly in a horizontal position and balanced her body in a horizontal position on her arms and hands, then she lift her entire body upside down in the air and did a hand stand.  Then she did the hand stand on one hand, after that, she laid on the stage floor on her back and spun around on the stage floor then levitated herself one to four feet off the stage floor!”
“What!” Diane D’s family shout.  “Levitated?!”
“That’s what witnesses said.”
“Come on now, levitated?” Barry says.  “You got to be kidding!”
“Didn’t you see your daughter’s performance?”
“Yes we saw her performance, but we didn‘t see the ending of it!”
“You didn’t?”
“No!”
“Well where were you all while Diane D was performing?” one of the police officers asks.
“We were all watching her performance on a TV monitor from inside one of the trailers in the park!” Mary shouts.  
“You were watching her performance on a TV monitor inside the trailer?”
“Yes!”
“And you didn’t you see the ending of Diane D’s performance?”
“No!” Margarita shouts.  “The TV monitor suddenly went off and stopped working during the end of Diane’s performance!”
“What?  What do you mean the TV monitor suddenly went off and stopped working during the end of Diane D’s performance?”
“While we were watching Diane’s performance on the TV monitor, all of a sudden it went blank for no reason!   We didn't know what happened to it!” 
“It went blank?”
“It sure did!”
“So you never got to see Diane D levitate?”
“No we didn’t see any of that stuff!” 
“Well after your granddaughter levitated, witnesses said she floated back down to the stage floor.  When the security guards came to her and tried to come to her aid, she suddenly raised her knee to her chest, then she kicks her foot up and kicked one of the security guards hard in the face while she was still in a trance!  Then she turned over and stood upright on the stage floor, then she stood on one leg then levitated herself again, this time in a vertical position around five feet in the air then started to spin!  Did you see any of that?”
“No we didn’t see any doggone levitation!” Barry shouts.  “We only caught the tail ending of Diane’s performance when she fell and landed on the stage floor!”
“You saw her fall and land on the stage floor?”
“Yes we did!”
“So what did you think was happening with your daughter when you saw her fall and land?”
“We thought maybe she did a stunt that went wrong.”
“You thought she did a stunt that went wrong?  A stunt like what?”
“Like the back flip or something like that.”
“You thought Diane D did the back flip?”
“Yeah.”
“After the TV monitor cut up on us, we started to hear a whole bunch of screaming!” Margarita shouts.  “We kept hearing the audience screaming!  We thought they were just screaming and cheering, enjoying the show and performances so we didn't think anything of it!  Then the screaming started sounding frightening.  So we decided to go out the trailer to find out what the frightening screaming was about!  We saw people screaming and running all over the place, so we ran through the crowd to the stage to see what was happening!  That‘s when we saw Diane fall and land on the stage!”
“Wow,” the doctor says.  “The security officers said while your granddaughter was falling down, she jerked her legs and kicked another security guard right in the face, then landed hard on the stage floor.  That's when your granddaughter sat up, opened her eyes and seemed to have awoken out of a trance or whatever state of mind she was in.”
“The security officers and witnesses said when Diane D fell and landed on the stage, she opened her eyes and looked around in a daze like she didn't know where she was and didn't know what was happening to her,” a second doctor says.  “Has your daughter ever done this before, levitated herself?”
“How was your daughter Diane D able to levitate herself?” one of the reporters asks. 
“She didn’t!” Mary shouts.  “There‘s no such thing as levitation!”
“But Mrs. Brown, witnesses saw your daughter do it,” the police officer says.  “Not only that, your daughter’s entire performance was captured on video from the camera men.  So how was your daughter able to levitate herself?”
“Well obviously there’s some kind of trick involved!” Barry shouts.  “Whatever trick was used, we don’t know anything about it!”
“Well witnesses said when your daughter levitated herself in a horizontal position one to four feet off the stage floor, it scared the hell out of them because they said it seemed like the were watching The Exorcist right before their eyes!  Then they said after your daughter’s body came back down on the stage floor, she stood in an upright position then levitated herself again in a vertical position around five feet off the stage floor, then spun her entire body around in mid air then laid her head back!  That scared the hell out of a lot of people too because they said it seemed like your daughter was being hanged and spun around by an invisible rope or noose or something like that!  That frightened a lot of people!  Witnesses said while Diane D was levitating on the stage, her body was there, but her mind soul and spirit didn't seem to be there at all!  The security guards and cameramen who were surrounding Diane D's body said she appeared to be hypnotized, in a trance or sound asleep the whole entire time her body was levitating!  She didn't seem to be aware of what was happening to her body nor did she seem to be aware of the screaming that was going on all over the place.  Was Diane D asleep while her body was levitating in mid-air?  Did she somehow hypnotize herself and went into a deep sleep or trance while she was performing right on the stage?!”
“We don't know!” Mary shouts.  “We weren’t there!”
“Well how were two of the Dianettes able to do their performances, vanish into thin air?” a second reporter asks.
“We don't know that either!” Barry says.
“You don't? How were the other two Dianettes able to climb a bare wall and crawl across a bare ceiling!”
“We don't know!” Mary says.
“How were the other two Dianettes able to lift extremely heavy objects and vehicles?!”
“We don't know that either!” Barry shouts.  
“You don't?!”
“No we don't!”
“You mean to tell us that none of you knew that your daughter and granddaughter Diane D and the Dianettes were gonna do some unique performances which made them all appear to have superhuman strength or superhuman abilities?!” 
“No we didn't!” Mary shouts.
“We didn't know that levitating, disappearing into thin air, bare wall climbing, bare ceiling crawling or lifting extremely heavy objects and vehicles were gonna be part of Diane and the girls performances!” Barry shouts.  “Look!  When Diane told us all that she and the girls were gonna do an 'Illusions of Zero Gravity' performance, we didn't think she meant it literally!  We're just as shocked as everyone else!”
“Didn't you question your daughter Diane D or the Dianettes after their performance?” the police officer asks.
“Yes we did!”
“Well what did they say about it?!”
“Well Diane didn't answer or say anything about it, she wasn't talking!  But when we asked the girls about it, they just said it was all an illusion that none of that stuff really happened!”
“An illusion?!”
“That none of that stuff really happened?!” a second police officer asks.
“That's what they said!” Barry says.
“You mean to tell us that the Dianettes are claiming that disappearing into thin air, bare wall climbing, bare ceiling crawling, lifting extremely heavy objects and vehicles and levitating then spinning around in mid-air was all just an illusion?!”
“Yes.  An illusion of zero gravity I guess.”
“How were they able to perform those illusions?!” the first police officer asks.
“They didn't say how they were able to perform those illusions.  All they said it was a trick of the mind!”
“Trick of the mind?!”
“Yes!”
“Well the security guards, cameramen and witnesses said this whole incident of Diane D levitating over the stage seemed more supernatural than just an illusion!  So as far as any of you know, your daughter Diane D has never ever levitated herself before.”
“As far as we know, she hasn't.”
“And the Dianettes never did any of that disappearing, wall climbing, ceiling crawling or lifting heavy objects and vehicles before?”
“No!  They said it's all just an illusion, that it never happened!”
“Never happened?!”
“That’s right!”
“Well try telling the security officer who got kicked in the face by your daughter Diane D and wind up getting a bloody broken nose behind it, that it is all just an illusion that never happened!  Try telling the other security officer who got kicked in the head by your daughter Diane D while she was falling from the air and wind up getting a concussion behind it, that it was all just an illusion also, that never happened!  Why don't you go to both of those security officers and tell them both, that their pain, injuries and suffering are just illusions, that their pain, injuries and suffering isn’t really happening!  They're talking about filing injury lawsuits against your family's organization, and I'm sure that their lawsuits are not going to be illusions!  I'm sure that their lawsuits are really going to happen!”
“Listen, we're truly sorry for those security officers' injuries and we're very sorry for all the people in the audience who got hurt!  We didn't mean or expect for any of this to happen!  Believe me, if we knew what Diane and the girls had in store for everybody, we would have definitely stopped it!”
“That's right we would have!” Mary shouts.
“You don't even know whether or not your daughter has levitated herself before!” the police officer shouts.
“No we don't know that, but we do know that Diane meditates sometimes.”
“Yeah I heard that she meditates,” the second police officer says. 
“Why does she meditate?” the first police officer asks.  
“She's into spiritual meditation, that’s all!” Margarita shouts.
“Spiritual meditation?”
“Yes!”
“How long has she been into spiritual meditation?”
“She's been into spiritual meditation for years since she was a pre-teen!”
“Oh really?”
“Yes!”
“Are the Dianettes into spiritual meditation too?”
“We’ve never seen them meditate.  Diane is the only one into it.”
“Does anyone else in your family meditates or are into spiritual meditation?”
“We’ve seen Dana sitting on the floor with Diane while Diane meditates.”
“You’ve seen Dana sitting on the floor with Diane D while Diane D meditates?”
“Yeah.”
“What was Dana doing, meditating also?”
“We don’t know if Dana be actually meditating with Diane.  All we know is that both of them be looking like they’re in a deep trance when they’re sitting on the bedroom floor.”
“Wow.” 
“What about Diane D’s husband?” the doctor asks. “Is he into meditation?”
“No he's not,” Barry says.  “Look, when Diane told her grandparents and us, she and the girls were going to rehearse for the ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance, we didn't think anything of it because she and the girls always go to rehearse for any performance they do.  When they went off somewhere to rehearse for this last performance, we didn't question it.”
“Do you know where they rehearsed at?” the police officer asks.
“They said they were going to rehearse at some dance studio across town. We just don't know which dance studio they were talking about, they never told us the name of the dance studio.”
“Well we want to keep your daughter in the hospital for a couple of days for observation to make sure she's alright,” the doctor says.
“Okay thanks Doctor.”
“You're welcome.  You can go back and see her.”
“Thanks Doctor,” Mary says.  She, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Gracy, Grandpa Mike, Aunt Celeste and Diane D's other relatives turn and follow the doctors as the police officers follow them.

On the third day, Aunt Celeste is walking through the hospital lobby.  A crowd of people and reporters inside the hospital lobby anxiously approach Aunt Celeste as a male white reporter says, “Hey Diane D’s aunt.  How's Diane D doing?”
“She's okay,” Aunt Celeste says.
“That’s good.  How did she levitate herself!”
“My family and I don't know, we didn’t see it!”
“You didn’t see it?”
“No.  I have to go now.”  Aunt Celeste turns away from the people and walks away towards the back of the hospital.  The people try to anxiously follow her.  The hospital security go right in front of the people and block their path stopping them.

Inside Diane D’s hospital room, Diane D appears all dazed out and in pain sitting up on the hospital bed with her legs wide apart wearing black leggings with her pajama shirt wide opened.  Her eyes are very puffy and very swollen as she leans on her right towards Margarita while Margarita stands on the side of the bed holding on to her and Mary stands on the left side of Diane D pulling Diane D’s pajama shirt sleeve off her left arm.  Mary then removes Diane D’s pajama shirt sleeve from off Diane D’s left arm then pulls Diane D’s pajama shirt from around Diane D’s back removing her pajama shirt off her baring her short white bustier.   Diane D is now dressed in the white bustier and black leggings, baring her muscular shoulders, muscular arms, muscular chest, firm cleavage and six-pack abs.  She then leans away from Margarita a little as Margarita pulls her pajama shirt sleeve down her right arm.  Margarita finishes removing Diane D’s pajama shirt sleeve from off Diane D’s right arm taking Diane D’s pajama shirt off of her.  Suddenly, there is a knock on the door.  Mary, Margarita and swollen, puffy-eyed Diane D look towards the door.  Mary and Margarita turn back towards Diane D and place the sheet and covers over her covering her.  Mary looks back towards the door and shouts, “Who is it?!” 
“It’s us Aunt Mary,” Nancy’s voice says.  “Can we come in?”
Mary looks at Margarita as Margarita nods okay to her.  Mary looks back towards the door and shouts, “Yeah come on in!”
The hospital room door opens.  Nancy, Charlotte, Lonna, Kelly, Miranda and Bernice walk into the room carrying clothes, bras and corset tops in plastic garment bags.  “Hi,” they all smile and say.
“Estas a punto de darle un bano de esponja?” Nancy asks.
“Si, estamos Nancy,” Margarita says.
“Que podamos darle el bano de esponja Abuela.”
“Si Abuela,” Charlotte says.  
“I see you all brought clothes here for her,” Margarita says.
“We sure did,” Miranda says.
“Abuela por que no usted y tia Mary descansar un rato,” Nancy says.  “Nos encargamos de Diane.”
“Estas seguro de Nancy?” Mary asks.
“Positivo tia Mary.  Manejamos esto antes y podemos hacerlo otra vez.”
“Esta bien.”
Nancy and Charlotte approach Diane D.  They hold onto her as Margarita and Mary gently let go of her.  Margarita and Mary turn from Diane D and step to the side.  They look back at Diane D as Margarita says, “Diane, tu madre y yo vamos abajo un poco de tiempo.”
“Si,” Mary says.  “Seremos la espalda derecha.”  Diane D does not respond as she has her head laid on Nancy’s shoulder with her eyes closed and the sheet and covers still covering her body as Nancy has her arms wrapped around her.  Mary and Margarita turn from Diane D as Margarita says to the Dianettes, “See you later girls.”
“Okay,” the Dianettes say.  
Margarita and Mary head towards the doorway.   They open the door and leave the room.  They close the door as they take one last look at Diane D.

Twenty minutes later on the first floor hospital hallway, Mary, Barry, Margarita, Barry, Gracy, Mike and Diane D's other relatives stand around anxious.  Michael, Nicolas and Mickey approach them holding a bunch of flowers.  “How's Diane doing?” Michael asks.
“Oh she's gonna be alright Michael,” Mary says.
“She's still in a lot of pain from when she fell,” Barry says.
“She is?” Michael says.  “What was the outcome of the X-rays?”
“The X-rays came out okay.  She didn't suffer any major broken bones, but she's still in pain though.  The doctors say her physical condition is gonna be okay, she just needs plenty of rest right now.”
“That's good.”
“What did they say about her state of mind Dad?” Nicolas asks.
“Well when your mother and I were in the room with her and the doctors, the doctors checked on her state of mind all morning,” Barry says.  “They didn't get much out of her.  She's still not talking.”
“She‘s not?”
“No. When the doctors asked Diane about herself being levitated on the stage, she looked at them like she didn't know what the heck they were talking about.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.  When the doctors told Diane that she actually levitated right on the stage in front of a live scared audience, she didn't seem to remember herself being levitated on the stage.  When the doctors told her that she kicked a couple of security officers right in the face and head and they had to go to the hospital emergency because of it, she looked at them again like she didn't know what they were talking about.  She doesn't seem to remember kicking any security officers either so the police and doctors showed Diane a video of her entire performance from when she first came out on stage to when she was put into the ambulance.”
“Oh yeah?  What did she do or say about it?”
“She looked shocked when she saw the video of herself levitating.”
“She did?”
“Yeah, she didn't say anything, she just looked shocked.  When the video was over, doctors spoke to Diane again about herself being levitated.  She didn't seem to want to listen to what they had to say and didn't seem to want to talk about it either.”
“So she didn't say anything about her ordeal at all?”
“No, she didn't say a word.”
“Wow.”
“Well we want to see her now Dad,” Mickey says.
“Y'all might have to wait,” Barry says.  “The girls are in there.”
“The girls are in there?” Nicolas asks. 
“Yeah.”
“All of them?” Michael asks.  
“Yep all of them. They're getting ready to give Diane a sponge bath.”
“They're getting ready to give her a sponge bath?”
“Yeah.”
“I thought you were gonna give Diane a sponge bath Mom,” Mickey says.
“I was,” Mary says, “but I didn't get a chance to because the doctors were in there with her all morning.  When the doctors finally left the room, I was finally able to start getting the sponge bath ready.  When your Grandma and I removed Diane's pajama shirt off her, the girls knocked on the door.  I asked who it was and they told me it was them.  They asked can they come in.  I told them yeah, then they walked right in the room.  They saw me and your Grandma about to give Diane a sponge bath so they offered to give Diane the sponge bath instead.  They told me and your Grandma to relax for a while, they'll take care of Diane.  We said okay then your Grandma and I left the room then came and waited down here.”
“Oh yeah?” Nicolas says.  
“Yeah.”
“It sounds like the girls are gonna hog up Diane’s hospital room again like they did before when she was in the hospital!  We want to see Diane real quick before the girls start on her sponge bath.”
“I think they already started Nicolas,” Barry says.  “Go upstairs, knock on the door and see if y'all can get in there.”
“Okay Dad.”  Nicolas, Mickey and Michael turn and walk away.
“Good luck.”  Barry smiles at Nicolas, Mickey and Michael as they turn and smile back at him.  Nicolas, Mickey and Michael turn back around and walk away.

Nicolas, Mickey and Michael are walking in the upstairs hospital hallway. They approach the hospital room door.  It is closed.  They knock on the door.  Michael turns the doorknob.  The door opens.  Michael, Nicolas and Mickey are about to enter the room.  Charlotte and Nancy approach from behind the door.  They step forward and push Michael, Nicolas and Mickey right back out the room as Nancy says, “Ah aaah y'all can't come in here right now, Diane is not dressed.”
“Yeah we're getting ready to give her a sponge bath,” Charlotte says.
“Well we just want to see her real quick before y'all get her sponge bath started,” Michael says.
“We already started.  Miranda and Lonna already started putting the soap all over Diane.”
“Nancy where's the new bar of soap?!” Miranda’s voice shouts.  “This bar of soap is almost gone!”
Nancy turns her head towards inside the room and shouts, “How can it be almost gone, y'all just started using it on her!”
“It was only a small bar of soap!” Lonna’s voice shouts.  “We need a bigger bar!”
“Well the bigger bar of soap is in the brown bag, right next to the bubble bath!”
“Nancy where did you put the shower hose?!” Bernice’s voice shouts.  
“The shower hose is in the white bag!”
“Y'all gonna hose her down?” Michael asks.
Nancy turns her head back towards Michael, Nicolas and Mickey and says, “Yeah.  How else are we gonna bathe her?  Okay guys we gotta close this door back and lock it.  As soon as we finish bathing Diane, y'all can see her.”
“Yeah,” Charlotte says.  “We'll take the flowers and put them aside for Diane.” Nancy and Charlotte take the flowers from Michael, Nicolas and Mickey.  They then move Michael, Nicolas and Mickey away from the door.  Nancy and Charlotte quickly get step back into the room.  They close the door tightly behind themselves.  Michael, Nicolas and Mickey puzzled look at the door, then look at each other.  They then walk away from the door.

Ten minutes later on the first floor hallway, Michael, Nicolas and Mickey come back to Mary, Barry and the rest of Diane D's relatives without the flowers.  “What happened guys?” Margarita asks.  “Did y'all see Diane?”
“No,” Michael says.  “The girls didn't let us in the room.  They said they had already started bathing Diane.”
“They did?” Mary asks.  “Where're the flowers?”
“The girls took the flowers in the room then they closed the door,” Mickey says.
“See?” Barry says.  “Didn't I tell y'all good luck?”  Barry smiles as he hugs Mickey, playfully shaking him on the top of his head as Mickey smiles back to him.

NEW YORK, U.S.A.

Back in New York, a man on a New York City subway is reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S EERIE LEVITATION ILLUSION PERFORMANCE IN GERMANY CAUSES A FRIGHTENING STIR!

A man is sitting in a barber shop reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES SEEM TO DEFY GRAVITY IN FRONT OF A LIVE STUNNED AUDIENCE AT THEIR 'ILLUSIONS OF ZERO GRAVITY' PERFORMANCE IN GERMANY!

A man is sitting in a coffee shop reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: AN AUDIENCE OF AROUND 5,000 GERMAN SPECTATORS PRACTICALLY FRIGHTENS TO DEATH AS THEY WATCH DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' 'ILLUSIONS OF ZERO GRAVITY' PERFORMANCE!

A man is sitting on a bus reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES 'ILLUSIONS OF ZERO GRAVITY' PERFORMANCE MAKES THEM APPEAR TO HAVE SUPERHUMAN STRENGTH AS TWO OF THE DIANETTES SEEM TO VANISH INTO THIN AIR, ANOTHER TWO DIANETTES CLIMB BARE WALLS THEN CRAWL ALONG A BARE CEILING, ANOTHER TWO DIANETTES LIFT HEAVY OBJECTS INTO MID-AIR AND DIANE D LEVITATES IN MID-AIR!

Several people in an office building are reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: A FRIGHTENED GERMAN AUDIENCE WITNESS DIANE D'S MYSTERIOUS LEVITATION PERFORMANCE!

A woman in a beauty salon is reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S EERIE LEVITATION PERFORMANCE AND BALANCING ACT CAUSES AUDIENCE MEMBERS TO LOOK UP HIGH ABOVE HER AND BECOME SHOCKED TO SEE ABSOLUTELY NOTHING DIRECTLY ABOVE HER BUT AIR, CLOUDS AND SKY!

A man on a bench is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D APPEARS TO BE COMPLETELY HYPNOTIZED AS SHE MYSTERIOUSLY LEVITATES AND FLOATS IN FRONT OF A LIVE HORRIFIED AUDIENCE!

A man in a truck is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: SLEEP PERFORMING?  DIANE D APPEARED TO BE IN A TRANCE DURING HER ENTIRE LEVITATION PERFORMANCE!

A woman is home at her kitchen stove as her husband sits at the table reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: A DOZEN GERMAN SPECTATORS SUFFER NEAR HEART ATTACKS BY DIANE D’S LEVITATION PERFORMANCE!

A woman is sitting at a salon reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: ONE SECURITY GUARD SUFFERS FROM A BROKEN NOSE AND ANOTHER SECURITY GUARD SUFFERS FROM A CONCUSSION FROM BEING KICKED IN THEIR HEADS AND FACES BY DIANE D DURING HER LEVITATION PERFORMANCE!

A man in a deli is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D APPEARS DAZED OUT AFTER SHE FALLS AND LANDS ON STAGE FLOOR!

A woman in a supermarket is standing on line reading a tabloid magazine with a headline that reads: THE DISAPPEARING LADIES!  TWO DIANETTES SEEM TO VANISH INTO THIN AIR IN FRONT OF A LIVE STUNNED AUDIENCE!

A man in a coffee shop is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: LIKE FLIES ON THE WALL!  TWO OF THE DIANETTES SEEM TO DEFY GRAVITY AS THEY MYSTERIOUSLY CLIMB HIGH AGAINST A THREE STORY SOLID WALL THAT WAS ON THE STAGE THEN CRAWL UPSIDE DOWN ACROSS THE CEILING LIKE SPIDERS AS A FRIGHTENED AUDIENCE GASP!  

A man in a office building is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: WONDER WOMEN!  TWO DIANETTES SEEM TO DEFY GRAVITY AS THEY LIFT HEAVY OBJECTS AND VEHICLES HIGH INTO MID-AIR AS A FRIGHTENED GERMAN AUDIENCE HOLD THEIR CHEST AND GASP!

A man in an elevator is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: THE REAL FLY GIRL!  DIANE D APPEARS TO LEVITATE AND FLOAT IN MID-AIR THEN STANDS AND SOARS UPWARDS IN FRONT OF A LIVE STUNNED AUDIENCE!

A man on a train is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: AFTER NEAR HEART ATTACKS, SPECTATORS AND SOME OF THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS THREATEN LAWSUITS AGAINST THE DIAZ-DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION!

A man is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: TWO GERMAN SECURITY GUARDS WHO HAVE BEEN KICKED IN THE HEAD AND FACE BY DIANE D WHILE SHE WAS IN A TRANCE REQUIRED EMERGENCY HOSPITALIZATION FOR A BROKEN NOSE AND HEAD CONCUSSION!  THEY PLAN LAWSUITS AGAINST THE DIAZ-DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION!

A man in a limousine is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DOCTORS CLAIM DIANE D DOESN'T SEEM TO REMEMBER OR RECALL HER LEVITATION EXPERIENCE!

A man on another train is reading a tabloid article magazine with a headline that reads: IT'S A BIRD!  IT'S A PLANE!  IT'S DIANE D!  DIANE D'S PARENTS AND GRANDPARENTS REVEAL THAT DIANE D IS INTO SPIRITUAL MEDITATION FROM TIME TO TIME!

A woman in a supermarket is standing on line reading another tabloid magazine article with a headline that reads: THE DISAPPEARING LADIES, THE SPIDER GIRLS, THE WONDER WOMEN AND THE FLY GIRL!

A man in a coffee shop is reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D IS RELEASED FROM GERMAN HOSPITAL!  DOCTORS CLAIM SHE IS INCOMPETENT TO STAND TRIAL!

A man in a fast food restaurant is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D’S FAMILY STRANGELY MISSES OUT ON HER LEVITATION PERFORMANCE AS TV MONITOR INSIDE TRAILER THEY WERE IN MYSTERIOUSLY MALFUNCTIONS AND GOES BLANK JUST BEFORE HER LEVITATION PART!

A man in a fast food restaurant is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D’S FAMILY NEVER GOT TO SEE HER LEVITATION PERFORMANCE LIVE AS TV MONITOR INSIDE TRAILER THEY WERE IN MALFUNCTIONS!  

A woman sitting in the doctor’s office reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D’S BODY MYSTERIOUSLY STOPS LEVITATING AND DROPS AS HER FAMILY HURRIES TO THE STAGE!

A man sitting in the doctor’s office waiting area is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D’S FAMILY ONLY GOT TO SEE HER LEVITATION PERFORMANCE ON VIDEO THE NEXT DAY!

A man inside the waiting area at the airport is reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: WAS DIANE D‘S FAMILY SOMEHOW SPARED FROM BEING FRIGHTENED BY HER LEVITATION PERFORMANCE AS REST OF THE PEOPLE WHO WITNESSED HER LEVITATION PERFORMANCE SCREAM IN FEAR?!

GERMANY

Back in Germany, several people and reporters follow Diane D's family in a courtroom hallway towards the courtroom. One of the reporters says, “So Diane D's parents and grandparents, how do you all feel that the spectators want to file a lawsuit against your family's organization for the near heart attacks they suffered from watching your daughter and granddaughter Diane D and the Dianettes' performances?”
“And how do you all feel that the two security guards who got kicked in the head and face by your daughter and granddaughter Diane D want to file a lawsuit against your family's organization too?” a second reporter says.
“Like we said before,” Barry stops and says, “my family and I did not know that the levitation, disappearing acts, bare wall climbing, ceiling crawling and lifting extremely heavy objects and vehicles were gonna be part of Diane and the girls' performances!  We didn't know!”
“But we're in charge of Diane and the girls and we're gonna take full responsibility for everything!” Tomas says.  “We got to get into the courtroom!”  Tomas, Barry and the rest of their family face forward as they and the rest of Diane D's family head down the hall with the reporters continuing to follow them.

NEW YORK, U.S.A.

Back in New York a man is sitting on a subway reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: LAWSUITS AGAINST THE DIAZ-DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION SETTLED FOR UNDISCLOSED AMOUNT!

A man on the bus is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: AFTER AROUND A DOZEN SPECTATORS SUFFER NEAR HEART ATTACKS AND NEAR LAWSUITS AND TWO SECURITY GUARDS SUFFER FROM A BROKEN NOSE AND A HEAD CONCUSSION, THE DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION AGREES TO HELP WITH MEDICAL BILLS!  DIANE D'S FAMILY BANS HER AND THE DIANETTES' 'ILLUSIONS OF ZERO GRAVITY' PERFORMANCE FOR LIFE!

A week later, a man on the train is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D, HER FAMILY AND THE DIANETTES LEAVE GERMANY AND ARE ON THEIR WAY BACK TO NEW YORK.

A man in a coffee shop is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: MAGIC SHOWS AND CIRCUS SHOWS POUR IN OFFERS FOR DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES TO PERFORM WITH THEM, BUT DIANE D'S FAMILY BANS HER AND THE DIANETTES FROM EVER PERFORMING THE 'ILLUSIONS OF ZERO GRAVITY' AGAIN!

A man in a barber shop is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: AFTER THE LAWSUITS AND HELP WITH THE MEDICAL BILLS, DIANE D'S FAMILY BANS HER AND THE DIANETTES' 'ILLUSIONS OF ZERO GRAVITY' PERFORMANCE!

A woman in a beauty salon is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES NEVER ALLOWED TO PERFORM ‘ILLUSION OF ZERO GRAVITY’ PERFORMANCE AGAIN ANYWHERE!  The woman turns to other people next to her and says, “Hey.  It says right here, that Diane D and the Dianettes are never allowed to do their ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance ever again!”
“Yeah I read that too,” the second woman says.  “I read Diane D's family didn't know that she and the Dianettes were gonna pull a performance like that.  Her family was shocked.  Her and the Dianettes’ performance practically scared the hell out of that audience in Germany.”
“I know,” a man in the salon says.  “I read Diane D's family doesn't want anymore lawsuits against their family's organization, that's why they banned her and the Dianettes’ ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance, even though Diane D and the Dianettes got offers from magic shows and circuses.”
“I don't blame her family.”
“Has Diane D ever said anything about her levitation performance?” a third woman asks. 
“No,” the man says.  “I heard she never said a word about it.  I hear she doesn't talk about it at all.”
“She still doesn't talk about her levitation performance and everything else that happened around it?” a second man asks.
“That's what I heard.”
“What are the Dianettes saying about it?”
“I hear they're still saying the same thing they have been saying since this whole incident started, that ‘it's all just an illusion that none of the stuff they or Diane D did ever happened.’”
“Well what about the security guards who got hurt in the head and face?” the first woman asks.  “Are their injuries just an illusion?”
“Well the doctors in the hospital said their injuries aren't an illusion.  The doctors said the Dianettes can say whatever they want.  All the doctors know, is that the bloody broken nose and the head concussion the two security guards suffered are real.  The blood is not fake, it's real and the concussion is real!  The heart attacks some of the spectators suffered from weren‘t illusions either.  Their heart attacks really happened.”
“Wow.”  The woman continues to read her newspaper.

Three days later, a man in a barber shop is reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D VICIOUSLY THROWS TWO REPORTERS OUT OF HER FAMILY'S ORGANIZATION WHEN THEY CAME TO HER AND QUESTIONED HER ABOUT HER LEVITATION PERFORMANCE!  The man turns to the woman next to him and says, “Hey!  This article says that Diane D threw two reporters out of her family's organization when they came there and questioned her about her levitation performance!”
“She did?!” the woman says.
“Yeah!”
“Why she threw those reporters out?”
“She didn't want to talk about her levitation performance.  When the reporters first questioned her about her levitation performance, she told them she didn't want to talk about it.  When the reporters insisted on asking her about her levitation performance, I heard she viciously threw them out of her family's organization!”
“My God,” a second man says.  “She still doesn't want to talk about what happened at her performance?” 
“Obviously not.”  The man continues to read the article.

Two days later, several college students, three women and three men, are at a lunch table chit-chatting.  One of them, a Latino guy is reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D ARRESTED!  DIANE D PUNCHES AND ATTACKS TWO REPORTERS WHO APPROACHED HER AND HER HUSBAND ON THE STREET WHO QUESTIONED HER ABOUT HER LEVITATION PERFORMANCE!  The guy turns to his college mates and shouts, “Yo!  Did y’all read this article?!  It says that Diane D got arrested the other day for punching two other reporters who came up to her and her husband Michael on the street and questioned her about her levitation performance?!”
“Yeah I heard about it,” the second man says.  “I heard that Diane D was walking with her husband.  Two reporters saw her then ran up to her.  When they questioned her and asked her why she threw the other reporters out of her family's organization, she told them she didn't want to talk about it.  Then her husband shoved the reporters away from her.  When the reporters came up to Diane D again to question her about her levitation performance, I heard she turned towards the reporters, took her fist and swung her fist right into one of the guys' face, knocking him to the ground, then she kicked the other reporter in the groin and he fell to the ground in pain!  Her husband had to stop her and hold her back!”
“Oh yeah?!” a woman says.
“Yeah!  Somebody saw the incident then called the police!  The police came and arrested Diane D!  The ambulance came and took the two reporters to the hospital!”
“What!” a second woman says.  “Diane D put people in the hospital again?!  Did she go to jail?”
“Yeah she went to jail.  They only held her in jail for one night because her family bailed her out.  She got let out of jail the next day.  She's out of jail until her court date.”
“My God!  This is the second or third time, that Diane D has caused two or more guys to be put in the hospital!  I'm always hearing she's punching and kicking somebody in the face or groin and they falling out in pain and had to be hospitalized!”
“Yeah but people should know that about Diane D by now,” the first man says.  “Diane D has a reputation!  That's why people shouldn't annoy her when she doesn't want to be bothered!”
“That's right,” the second man says.  “I wouldn't mess with her.  Diane D can get real vicious if she's pushed!”
“She sure can.  Remember when we read about what happened to that kid Marcus who lied to Diane D and her family about a three year old little boy who was dying of leukemia?”
“Yeah we all remember that story,” the first woman says.  “It’s so sad.”
“It is sad,” the second woman says.  “I hear that little kid still fears Diane D to this day and still never wants to see her or her image again.”
“He still fears her?” the first man asks.
“Of course he still fears her!  This fear he has of Diane D might stay with him for the rest of his life!  He felt some demon or entity took over Diane D’s body right inside that school hallway!  I hear he still gets nightmares about it!  He had to change schools because the memories of what happened to him inside that school hallway still haunts him to this day!  And the two hospital employees who witnessed Diane D kung fu kick that storage room door also felt some demon or entity took over her body right inside that back clinic hallway!  I hear they even get nightmares about it!”
“Them too?!”
“Yes them too!  They had to quit their job at that hospital and transfer to work at another hospital because the memories of what happened inside that back clinic hallway still haunts them!  Those correction officers who were trying to keep Diane D inside that jail cell with a ten foot pole also felt some demon or entity took over her body right inside that jail cell, that‘s why they had to use a ten foot pole on her to keep themselves from being near her because they were afraid to come in physical contact with her!  That’s why they had to send a nurse inside her jail cell to bring a tray of food to her the next day because they didn‘t want to go in there!”
“So they rather put the nurse in danger?”
“I heard Diane D never attacked the nurse.”
“Maybe because she was sleeping.”
“Ah ah.  I remember hearing on that TV interview with Diane D’s brothers and those correction officers, that those correction officers claimed the nurse told them while she was checking on Diane D taking Diane D’s blood pressure, that Diane D seemed to be asleep at first.  Then she said Diane D opened her eyes and looked right at her.”
“Yeah I remember hearing it on that interview too.  I was wondering why Diane D didn’t attack the nurse when she opened her eyes and saw the nurse inside the jail cell taking her blood pressure.”
“Diane D’s brothers claim that Diane D told her family she never saw a nurse inside her jail cell that day.  But the correction officers claim they DID send a nurse inside Diane D’s jail cell that morning and that was the only time that day, that they sent a nurse inside her jail cell, but Diane D told her family when she woke up inside the jail cell, it was around two or three o‘clock in the afternoon.  So if the nurse was inside Diane D’s jail cell that morning, and claims that Diane D opened her eyes and was looking right at her, that means Diane D doesn’t remember seeing the nurse or, it means that the other personality or evil vicious entity was still inside of her body and hadn’t left yet!”
“Oh shit,” everybody says.
“That means, if that other personality or evil vicious entity hadn‘t left Diane D‘s body yet while the nurse was inside the jail cell, that means that the nurse came in contact with that other personality or evil vicious entity and didn‘t even know it!”
“Oh my God!”
“I mean this is really starting to creep me out,” the second guy says.
“It’s creeping me out too!” the first guy says.  
“I don’t understand,” the first girl says.  “If the other personality or evil vicious entity was still inside of Diane D’s body while the nurse was inside the jail cell taking Diane D‘s blood pressure, then why didn‘t this other personality or evil vicious entity attack the nurse?  Why was the nurse spared?”
“Maybe it wasn’t the nurse that the other personality or evil vicious entity was after,” the second woman says.  “I think that this other personality or evil vicious entity was waiting around for one of those correction officers to come back inside that jail cell!”
“Oh shit!” everybody says.
“I think that they’re the ones that this other personality or evil vicious entity was waiting for!”
“Oh shit!”
“Wow this is really creeping me out,” the second guy says.
“It creep those correction officers out too,” the second woman says.  “I hear THEY even get nightmares about what they went through with Diane D!”
“Them too?!”
“Yes them too!  I heard they were creep out when they realized that the other personality or evil vicious entity might have still been inside of Diane D’s body while the nurse was inside the jail cell!  They even had to quit or transfer their job at the jail and transfer to work at another jail because the memories of what happened inside that jail cell still haunts them!  And now the spectators in Germany felt that some demon or entity took over Diane D’s body right on that stage!  I hear THEY even get nightmares about it!”
“Them too?!”
“Yes them too!  I read somewhere that they quit going to see Live performances or Live shows because the memories of what happened on that stage still haunts them!”
“So they’re only going to watch shows on TV, movies and videos from now on?”
“That’s what I read.”
“My God, Diane D has THAT much power?!  First she caused a little kid to change schools he goes to, then she caused two hospital employees to quit there job and change hospitals they work at, she caused those correction officers to quit their job at the jail and transfer to work at another jail and now she caused all those spectators in Germany to quit seeing Live shows and just watch pre-recorded shows?”
“Yep!  She changed all these people’s lives?!  All these people have the same fear about Diane D, that she‘s POSSESSED!”  The people frighteningly look at the woman.  She then says, “Who wants to mess with a demon!  Nobody in their right mind wants to mess with a demon!  I know I wouldn’t!  A demonic force or supernatural force is nothing to mess with!  Maybe Diane D needs to stop doing spiritual meditation, because I think that spiritual meditation her family claims she does, has a lot to do with these so called entities taken over her body then doing eerie things and she winds up not remembering any of the eerie stuff she did!  I don‘t know how the heck those two reporters were able to come approach Diane D on the street in the first place!  The way these entities keep taking over her body, I‘m afraid to come near her!  I don’t want to wind up like those security guards, that little boy Marcus, those two hospital employees and those spectators in Germany!  I don‘t want to witness anything creepy or peculiar and then be haunted by it for the rest of my life!”
“I know.  But Diane D is not the only one who changed people’s lives for the worst you know, look at her cousin Dana!  Her cousin Dana changed people’s lives too!  Look at those three female police officers whose lives were changed by her!  Dana put all three of those female officers on permanent Disability!”
“I know!” the first guy says, “that is some shit!  You know what I would like to see?  I would like to see Diane D’s evil vicious personality and Dana go at it one on one against each other!  I wonder who would win, the one who is possessed by demons, or the one who seems to have her own demons.”
“Wow,” everyone says.  
“I bet Diane D’s evil vicious personality and Dana probably get along very well with each other!” the second guy says.
“Most likely they DO get along well with each other,” the first guy says, “because it seems to me that Diane D and her cousin Dana are just alike!”
“They ARE just alike, that‘s why they‘re always together because ‘Birds of a feather flock together‘!”  
“Wow,” everyone else says as they all continue to frighteningly look at the article.

A couple of days later, several adults are standing around a newspaper stand reading an article with a headline that says: ASSAULT CHARGES AGAINST DIANE D REDUCED AS SHE AND HER FAMILY CHARGES REPORTERS WITH HARRASMENT!  One of the women turns to the others and says, “My God!  It says the assault charges against Diane D were reduced when she and her family decided to charge the reporters with harassment!”
“Oh yeah?!” a man says.  “Diane D and her family were gonna charge the reporters with harassment?!”
“Yeah!  The reporters didn't want any harassment charges filed against them, so the assault charge against Diane D got reduced.”
“Oh yeah?” a second man says.  “Reduced to what?”
“Time served from when she spent that one night in jail?”
“Time served?”
“Yeah.”  The people continue to read the article.































Chapter 33

Diane D Is About To Go Off During A Trance!


It is a very dark and cloudy day.  Outside of Margarita and Tomas’ mini-mansion, Nicolas is standing outside the front gate.  A commercial van pulls up to the curb.  Nicolas goes to the van as a white male driver around his mid 30’s with dark hair and a mustache steps out the driver’s door.  Nicolas approaches the man and says, “Hey, how you doing?”
“I’m okay,” the man says.
“Good.  I came to tell you not to go into the house right now.”
“Don’t go into the house now?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because my sister is meditating right now.”
“Your sister?  You mean Diane?”
“Yes.  She’s meditating upstairs in the bedroom right now.”
“She is?”
“Yes.”
“I hear that she meditates from time to time.”
“She does.”
“That’s nice.  But what does her meditating have to do with me?   I’m only here to fix the broken window in the kitchen.”
“I know, but Diane is in a state of trance right now!”
“A state of trance?”
“Yeah!  If her physical body suddenly senses a stranger or a non-family member anywhere inside the house, her physical body might go off and try to attack that stranger or non-family member without her even knowing it or being aware it!”
“What?  Her physical body might go off and try to attack that stranger or non-family member without her knowing it or being aware of it?”
“Yeah!”
“How is that possible?  I heard about what happened with your sister while she was on stage in Germany.  I heard about her kung fu kicking the security guards while she was on stage in Germany and wind up not knowing about it nor was aware of it.  I heard about her meditation performance on stage too.   Did she really meditated while she was on stage?”
“I think so.”
“Wow.  I also heard about her levitation performance.  Did she really levitated over the stage?”
“I don’t know, I didn’t see it.”
“You didn‘t see it?”
“No.”
“How did you not see it?  I heard all the spectators in the park saw and witnessed it.”
“I know, but I didn’t see it, neither did the rest of my family, so therefore, I’m not able to tell you what happened on stage in Germany.”
“Wow.  I also heard about what happened at the hospital where your sister was working.  I heard that she kung fu kicked the storage room door then did damage inside the storage room, is that true?”
“I don’t know, I wasn’t there.  She said she didn’t do it.”
“Do you believe her?”
“Right now, I don’t know what to believe.”
“I also heard about the little kid your sister beat up inside the school hallway.”
“Yeah yeah yeah everyone’s heard about that story.  She claims she didn’t do that either.”
“Wow.  I heard several months ago while your sister was meditating and in a state of trance, your family had a contractor in the house.  I heard that your sister tried to attack the contractor!  I heard she tried to give the guy a kung fu kick to the head!  I heard your family had to hurry and get that contractor out of the house before your sister attacked him, is that true?”
“Yes she did try to give that contractor a kung fu kick to the head and she would have succeeded in kicking him in the head if he hadn‘t ran out the house!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes!”
“But I thought that was just a rumor!”
“It’s not a rumor it’s the truth!”
“But why would your sister want to harm the contractor?  Did the contractor do something wrong to her?”
“It’s not Diane that tried to harm the contractor!  It’s whatever took over her that tried to harm the contractor!”
“It‘s whatever took over her?  What do you mean?”
“When she came back to later on that day and we told her about what she did, she looked right at us like if we were crazy!”
“She did?”
“Yeah, she had no recollection of it!”
“No recollection?!  You mean she didn’t remember what she tried to do?”
“No she didn‘t!  She didn‘t remember it at all!  And this time if she tries to attack you and kung fu kick you in the head, she’s not going to remember that either!”
“She‘s not?!”
“No!  She doesn’t remember kung fu kicking all the other people and objects she’s accused of kung fu kicking in the past!  What would make you any different?!”
“My God.”
“That’s why I’m telling you not to go into the house right now until her meditation is over because we don‘t want history to repeat itself!”
“Well when will her meditation be over?”
“We don’t know, we have no idea.   She’s already been into it for a while.”
“Oh yeah?  Can’t you and your family just hold your sister back from harming anybody?”
“Don’t you think we tried that?  We tried holding Diane back plenty of times before in the past whenever she gets out of control, but when she gets into a state of trance and becomes out of control, she becomes so strong and so powerful that we are incapable of stopping her!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes!”
“No wonder why people nickname her ‘The She-Hulk‘!”
“That’s why my family told me to come out here to make sure I don’t let you inside the house right now.”
“But why did your sister have to meditate now?  You know I’m scheduled to fix the broken window now!”
“We know!  We didn’t know that Diane was gonna wind up meditating now!”
“You didn’t know?”
“No we didn‘t!   She usually meditates late at night during the wee hours of the morning!”
“During the wee hours of the morning?”
“Yes when it‘s completely dark outside!  We didn’t know that she was going to wind up meditating during the day time!  We just happen to pass by her bedroom door and saw her on the floor meditating!  I guess since the sky is so cloudy and dark, she decided to take advantage of the dark sky and meditate now.”
“Oh yeah?  She needs darkness for that?”
“It seems that way.”
“But I have to fix the broken window now.  If I don’t fix it now, I might not be able to come back soon because my schedule is full!  You might have to reschedule, and that might take a while!”
Nicolas worriedly looks at the man.  He then says, “Okay, let me go inside and see what my family says.”
“Okay.”
Nicolas turns and walks back around the van to the gate.  He goes inside the gate and walks through the front lawn as he goes to the front door.  He opens the front door and goes into the house as the front door closes behind him.   
The man waits as he looks at the house.

Five minutes later, Nicolas comes back out the house.   He approaches the man and says, “So far, Diane is still meditating.”
“She is,” the man asks.
“Yeah.  But, my family say you can come inside the house and fix the window.  They’re gonna guard Diane’s physical body until you leave.”
“Guard her physical body until I leave?”
“Yeah, to make sure her physical body don’t go off, just in case her physical body senses a stranger in the house.”
“Just in case her physical body senses a stranger in the house?  Her physical body can sense a stranger in the house?”
“Yeah, when she’s in a state of trance!”
“Oh yeah?  How is her physical body able to do that?”
“We don’t know, it just does!  Like I said, her physical body becomes strong and powerful whenever she‘s in a state of trance!”
“My God.  And her physical body has to be guarded by your other family members to protect me?”
“That’s right, for your safety!”
“Wow.  I’m not so sure if I want to even go inside your family’s house right now after hearing this.”
“My family is guarding Diane’s physical body right now, you can come inside the house.”
“But you said whenever your sister gets into a state of trance and becomes out of control, she becomes so strong and so powerful that you all are incapable of stopping her!”
“That’s right, we are incapable of stopping her.  That’s why I hope you have your running shoes on, just in case.”
The man worriedly looks at Nicolas.  He then worriedly looks towards the house. 

Nicolas eases through the front door with the man easing in right behind him.  The light inside the house is very dim.  Tomas is standing near the door looking at Nicolas and the man.  Nicolas looks at Tomas and says, “Abuelo.  Aun tienen cuerpo de Diane custodiado?”
“Si,” Tomas says.  He then looks at the man and worriedly asks, “How long is it going to take you to fix the window?”
“I’m not sure,” the man says.  “I don’t want to tell you the wrong thing, but I’ll hurry as soon as possible.”
“Okay.  Come.  Let’s go.”  Tomas turns and quickly leads the man down the hallway as Nicolas quickly follows.   

The light is very dim inside the upstairs bedroom.  The bedroom door is shut.  Diane D’s physical body is sitting on the floor in a meditated position completely in a state of trance with her eyes eerily puffy, eerily swollen, eerily blank and half-closed with her eyeballs eerily looking up almost hidden behind her half-closed eyelids.   She is dressed in a black long sleeved shirt with sleeves rolled to her elbows and black pants.  There are a few lit candles on the floor in front of her physical body as Mary, Marilyn, Mickey and Charlotte sit on the floor completely surrounding her physical body worriedly looking at her.  Margarita and Michael are standing over them worriedly watching Diane D’s physical body while Barry and Tonio stand right at the bedroom door guarding the door as they worriedly look towards Diane D.  Mary turns to Barry and Tonio and whispers, “Did the window guy come in the house yet?”
“Yeah,” Barry whispers.  “He’s downstairs.”
Mary turns back towards Diane D and worriedly looks at her again.  She gently strokes Diane D‘s long black hair.  Charlotte looks right in Diane D’s face.  She then waves her hand back and forth in Diane D’s face to get Diane D‘s attention.  Diane D does not respond.   She remains in a state of trance.  Charlotte then turns to her family and whispers, “She’s still not coming out of it.”
“Well put two of those candles out Charlotte,” Margarita says.  “I don’t really like those candles being lighted up in here.  Just keep one candle burning for her.”
“Okay Grandma.”  Charlotte takes two of the candles off the floor and carefully lifts them.  She nervously looks at Diane D as Diane D remains in a state of trance.  Charlotte gently blows out the two candles.  There is only one lit candle now.  Everyone worriedly looks at Diane D again.   
Margarita then says, “We need her soul or spirit to come back now.  Mary, Barry, I need you two to tug Diane on the shoulder.  See if you two can call out to her soul or spirit and tell her soul or spirit it’s time to come back from where ever her soul or spirit is.  It worked before when you two tugged on her shoulder and called her name when you all were in the van with her that time after she had that encounter with that little boy Marcus in the school hallway  See if it will work again.”
“Okay Mom,” Barry whispers.  “We’ll give it a try.”  Barry starts to head towards Diane D.
Suddenly Diane D’s physical body jerks and leans back as she quickly places her palms on the floor behind herself!   Everyone becomes startled and stare at Diane D as she remains in a state of trance!  Tonio then whispers, “Is she coming out of it?” 
“I don’t know,” Barry says.  Suddenly, Diane D’s physical body is about to quickly get up off the floor!  Barry, Tonio, Margarita and Michael rush to Diane’s physical body as they and the rest of the family quickly grab her shoulders and bring her physical body back down as she remains in a state of trance!   They lean her body back up.  Diane D’s physical body sits in a meditated position again.  “I don’t think she’s coming out of it.”  
“I don’t think so either,” Michael whispers.  
“I think her physical body senses a stranger in the house just like her physical body sensed a stranger in the house before when the contractor was here!”
“That’s why you need to call out to her soul and spirit and tell her soul and spirit to get back here,” Margarita whispers.
“Okay.”
Suddenly Diane D’s physical body jerks and leans back again as she quickly places her palms on the floor behind herself!  Everyone becomes startled again and stare at Diane D as she remains in a state of trance!  Suddenly her physical body is about to quickly get up off the floor again!  Her family quickly grabs her shoulders again and try to hold her body down again.  Suddenly, Diane D’s physical body quickly stands then jumps to her feet practically knocking Barry, Tonio, Margarita and Michael right out the way as everyone screams!   Barry, Tonio, Margarita and Michael quickly catch their balance as they quickly grab Diane D’s physical body and wrap their arms around her torso while Mary, Marilyn, Mickey and Charlotte quickly get up off the floor!   Suddenly Diane D tries to head towards the bedroom door as Mary, Marilyn, Mickey and Charlotte quickly grab her and wrap their arms around her torso too!   They all try to hold Diane D’s physical body back as her physical body still tries to head towards the bedroom door!  Suddenly Diane D bends her knees and starts to drag her family right towards the bedroom door!  Barry quickly turns to Charlotte and shouts, “Charlotte!  Go downstairs and tell Grandpa and Nicolas to get the window guy out of the house now!”
“Okay Uncle Barry!” Charlotte shouts as she turns and runs to the bedroom door!   She opens the bedroom and runs out of it!

Charlotte runs down the hallway.  She then runs down the stairs and shouts, “Abuelo!  Nicolas!  Conseguir que la ventana hombre fuera de la casa ahora!”

Tomas and Nicolas hear Charlotte’s cries.  They quickly turn to the window guy as Tomas says to him, “Let’s go.  It’s time to get out of here now!”
“Why?” the window man asks.  “What happened?!” 
“She’s getting ready to go off!”
“Who, Diane?!”
“Yes!”
“Oh no!  How did she even know I was in the house?!”
“She senses it!”
“Oh yeah?!  How is she even able to do that?!”
“We don’t know, she just does it!”
Suddenly, there is a loud BANG and screaming coming from upstairs as the rest of the family is heard shouting, “Diane!”
The man becomes startled as Nicolas shouts to him, “You have to go now!” 
“Okay,” the man says.  “I’m out a here!”  The man quickly grabs his belongings as Tomas and Nicolas quickly lead him out the kitchen!  
Tomas and Nicolas quickly lead the window man down the hallway as they suddenly hear another loud BANG and screaming coming from upstairs!  They all stop right in their tracks as the man becomes startled again!  Tomas and Nicolas continue to lead the window man towards the front door!  
Tomas and Nicolas approach the front door!  They open the front door and lead the guy right out of the house!

Tomas and Nicolas quickly lead the man all the way to the street back to his truck!  They quickly go around the truck!  The man quickly opens the truck door and throws his belongings inside!  He quickly gets into the driver’s door, shuts the door and starts up the engine as Tomas shouts, “Go Now!  I’ll call you later!”
“Okay!” the man shouts as he quickly pulls off!  Tomas and Nicolas anxiously look at the truck as it speeds down the street.  They then look at the house and quickly head back towards the house!

















































Chapter 34

Diane D Drops A Bombshell On Two Reporters


A few days later at the Diaz-Davidson Organization, two male white reporters Chris Parker and James Kern around their mid forties walk through the corridor behind Evette as she leads them down the hall.  Evette turns to Chris Parker and James Kern and says, “Diane is right this way.”
“Okay,” Chris Parker says.  “She won’t try to kung fu kick us or knock us out, will she?”  Evette annoyingly looks at Chris Parker.  Chris Parker then says, “I was only kidding.  It‘s just that I heard a window guy had to hurry and leave out of her family‘s house while she was meditating and in a state of trance.”
“Yeah, it‘s true,” Evette says.  
“Wow.”
Evette stops walking and turns to Chris Parker and James Kern as they stop.  She speaks to them and whispers, “Now guys, remember what Diane's parents and grandparents warned you.  When you speak to Diane, no questions about her meditation or levitation performance, because if you question her about her meditation or levitation performance, she's gonna throw you right out of her office like she did the other two reporters, then you're gonna have to deal with her family and the courts.”
“We remember what her parents and grandparents told us,” Chris Parker says  “We're not gonna question Diane D about her meditation or levitation performance.  We won't mention a word about it.”
“That's right, we don't want any problems,” James Kern says.
“Good,” Evette says.  “Let's go.”  Evette turns and continues to walk down the hallway as Chris Parker and James Kern continue to follow her.  She then turns a corner as Chris Parker and James Kern follow her around the corner.  

Diane D is sitting inside one of the organization offices on a big office chair behind a desk with one leg crossed over the other as she speaks into a telephone receiver saying, “I don't know yet.... Okay I will.... I'll talk to you later.”  Diane D takes the phone receiver from her ear and hangs up the telephone.  She looks at the computer monitor and leans back in the chair as she starts to type on the computer firmly looking into monitor.  She hears a knock on the door.  She stops typing and looks at the door.  The door opens.  Evette enters the room as Diane D looks at her.
“Hi Diane,” Evette says.  “The reporters are here to see you now.”  Evette comes into the office.  Chris Parker and James Kern come into the office behind Evette as Diane D looks at them.  Evette turns and leave the room as she slightly closes the door behind herself leaving it slightly open.
Chris Parker and James Kern smile at Diane D.  “Hello Diane D,” Chris Parker says.  “I'm Chris Parker.  Nice to meet you.  And this is my partner James Kern.”
“Nice to meet you Diane D,” James Kern says.
“Have a seat gentlemen,” Diane D says. She firmly looks back at the computer monitor and types again.
Chris Parker and James Kern both sit down on an office sofa.  They both look at Diane D.  Chris Parker then says, “So Diane D, how are you?”
“I'm holding up.”
“Holding up?  That's a good one.  How's everything?”
“Everything is holding up.”
“That's another good one.  How are the Dianettes?”
“They're doing fine.”
“That's good.  How about your cousin Dana?  How's she doing?”
“She's holding up too.”
“That's good.  Thanks for allowing us to speak to you Diane D.  I just want to say that James Kern and I heard that you, your family and the Dianettes are working on the Dianettes’ clothing lines.”  Diane D stops typing and firmly looks at Chris Parker.  Chris Parker and James Kern puzzled look at Diane D.  Then they puzzled look at each other.  They then look back at Diane D.  Chris Parker then says, “We just want to say that it's good that you, your family and the Dianettes are working on clothing lines. We hear that you all are planning to do some clothing line work in the Dominican Republic next week and have a Fashion Show down there.  Is that true?”
“Yeah it‘s true.”
“That's nice.  The Dominican Republic is where you’re originally from, right?”
“Yes that’s correct.”
“That’s nice.  Where are the Dianettes by the way?”
“Three of them went out shopping for more fabrics.”
“They went out shopping for fabrics?”
“Yeah.”  Diane D suddenly hear women's voices talking and laughing near the door.  She turns her head and looks through the doorway.  The door opens more.  
Bernice enters the room smiling, laughing and holding different pastel colored fabrics and corset outfits as Miranda and Nancy follow in behind her laughing and holding fabrics and corset outfits also.  “We're back Diane,” Bernice says.   Bernice, Miranda and Nancy smile at Diane D as they hold up the outfits to her.  They turn their heads and see Chris Parker and James Kern.
“Hello ladies,” Chris Parker says.
“Hi ladies,” James Kern says.
“We hear you all are gonna work on your clothing line in the Dominican Republic and going to have a Fashion Show down there.”
“Yeah we are,” Nancy says.
“That's good.”
Bernice, Miranda and Nancy turn their heads back towards Diane D as Miranda says, “Hey Diane.  Check out the fabrics and outfits we bought.”  Miranda, Bernice and Nancy hold up the fabrics, corset outfits, short skirt outfits with white collars and white cuffed short sleeves wrapped up in plastic bags.  Diane D looks at the outfits as Miranda says, “This is what we got for everybody.”
“Wow, these are nice,” Diane D says as she touches the outfits.  “Y'all tried them on, right?”
“Yeah, they fit us real well,” Bernice says.
“That's good.  Which colors are each of you gonna pick?”
“Well we're gonna wait until we're all together so we all can choose together,” Nancy says.
“That's a good idea.”  Diane D lets go of the outfits.
“Well we're gonna bring the outfits in the back,” Miranda says.
“Okay go ahead.”
“We'll see you when you come back there,” Bernice says.
“I'll be there.”
“Okay.”  Bernice, Miranda and Nancy turn their heads and look back at Chris Parker and James Kern.
“By ladies,“ Chris Parker says.
“Nice to see you,” James Kern says.
“By,” Bernice, Miranda and Nancy say.  Bernice, Miranda and Nancy turn back to Diane D.  “We'll see you when you come in the other room Diane,” Bernice says.
“Okay girls,” Diane D says.
Bernice, Miranda and Nancy turn around and leave the room.  They walk down the hall as Diane D looks on at them.  Diane D then turns her head and looks back at Chris Parker and James Kern.
“Wow, those were beautiful fabrics and outfits Diane D,” Chris Parker says.  “Where are the other three Dianettes by the way?”
“Lonna and Kelly are spending time with their boyfriends right now and Charlotte is with her husband Kenny,” Diane D says.
“I see.  Diane D, the incident that happened between the Dianettes and the Punky Gurlz, has the Dianettes ever mentioned anything to you again about The Punky Gurlz?”
“No they haven't.”
“No?  Why not?”
“They don't like to talk about the Punky Gurlz.”
“No? Well what about your cousin Dana?.  Has she ever mentioned anything to you again about the Punky Gurlz?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“She doesn't like to talk about the Punky Gurlz either.”
“I see.  Where is your cousin Dana by the way?  Is she around?  Is she here in the building?”
“No she isn't.”
“Well where is she?”
“She's home at my Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike's house.”
“I see.   So Diane D, when is your next show or concert?  My wife and I and our children want to come see it.”
“So does my wife and kids,” James Kern says.
“Oh really?” Diane D says.
“Yeah.”
“Well you can't come see our next concert again because there isn't going to be a next concert.”
Chris Parker and James Kern become puzzled and stunned.  They look at each other, then back at Diane D as James Kern asks, “There isn't going to be a next concert?  What are you talking about Diane D?”
“What do you mean there isn't going to be a next concert?” Chris Parker asks.
“We're not gonna perform concerts anymore,” Diane D says. 
“Who's not gonna perform concerts anymore?”
“Me and the girls.”
“You and the girls?  What girls?”
“What girls are we talking about?”
“The Dianettes?”
“That's right.  The same girls that just walked in here.”
“All the Dianettes?”
“Yeah.”
“Well why not?  Why aren't you all gonna perform concerts anymore?”
“Because my name kept appearing in the papers, accusing me of doing this, accusing me of doing that. I mean every time I look, my name, my family's name, the girls' name and Dana’s name kept appearing in the papers.  I was getting so sick and tired of my name appearing in the papers it was causing a lot of stress for me, the girls and my family.  We didn't have a private life anymore!  So we had a discussion and decided the best way for us to have a private life is to hang up our hats on the concerts and just do our charity works in the organization, churches, hospitals and overseas and work on the girls‘ clothing line and do Fashion Shows.”
“Oh yeah?   All of you decided to give up doing concerts?”
“Yeah.”
“When did you all decide that?” James Kern asks.
“We had decided a couple of weeks ago that we all were gonna quit and give up doing concerts.”
“So that means you and the Dianettes are going to stop singing and dancing?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh no Diane D!” Chris Parker says.  “You and the Dianettes can't stop singing and dancing, the people want to see you sing and dance!”
“We're still going to sing and dance, but only inside our church.  We're not gonna sing and dance at the theaters or arenas around the country anymore.”
“You mean you and the Dianettes aren't gonna sing and dance at the theaters or arenas ever again?”
“That's right.”
“So that means anybody who wants to continue to see you and the Dianettes sing and dance would have to come to your church and watch you all perform?”
“Yeah, if they want to see us sing and dance.”
“But Diane D, not everybody can come to your church,” James Kern says.  “What about the thousands and thousands of people around the country who can't make it to your church?  Not only that.  Most churches can only hold but so many people.”
“We might allow people to shoot videos of our singing and dance performances then share it.”
“Share it?  You mean online?”
“Yeah.  That should be good enough.  It‘ll help promote the church.”
“Promote the church?” Chris Parker says.  “But Diane D.…”
“I'm sorry gentleman, my mind and the girls' minds have already been made up.  The girls and I sat down and had a long meeting with each other.  We had a long discussion about this whole thing.  We all voted on it and the vote had to be unanimous.  The vote came out unanimous, so we decided to quit singing and dancing in theaters and arenas.”
“For good?”
“For good.”
“My God Diane D.  How does your family feel about this?”
“They weren't happy about it at all, but they said if the pressure was making me and the girls unhappy, then they'll be behind us one-hundred percent.  They said our happiness is more important.”
“I understand that Diane D, but what about your brothers, your husband and his band?  Are they gonna give up doing shows too?”
“No not yet.  They're gonna hold on for another year or so.  After that, they're gonna give up doing shows in theaters and arenas too and just perform at the church.”
“Well what are you, the Dianettes and the rest of your family gonna do to raise money?”
“We'll still have the organization.  We're all planning to move back to our old town in the Dominican Republic next year to build and open up a new organization, a new hospital, a new clinic, a new church and open the girls‘ clothing line and have Fashion Shows there.”
“Oh really?   All of you together?”
“Yeah, all of us.  And we also plan to open up a charity organization and a wildlife organization in Africa.”
“A charity organization and a wildlife organization in Africa?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow that's good Diane D!  That's good you and your family and the Dianettes plan to do all that!  You all plan to open a big hospital, clinic and church or small ones?”
“Around medium sizes for each.  That's why we're all going down to the Dominican Republic next month to do work in one of the churches down there and to look around for empty lots and sites to build our hospital, clinic and church on.  We're gonna be down in the Dominican Republic for three weeks, then we're gonna come back here to New York.  After we be in New York for a while, we're all gonna fly to Africa to start our charity organization and wildlife organization and stay their for a few months.”
“Oh really?  That's good!  So what are you all planning to call this new hospital, clinic, church, charity organization and wildlife organization?”
“We're going to keep the Diaz-Davidson name and give them all the Diaz-Davidson name.”
“That's good.  So are you and the Dianettes really gonna give up doing singing and dancing at theaters and arenas?”
“We already have.”
“I'm so sorry to see you and the Dianettes quit doing concerts in theaters and arenas Diane D,” James Kern says.  “I can't believe you all are doing this!”
“Me neither!” Chris Parker says.  “All this because of the papers?!  Y'all should at least think about this for a little while longer!”
“We've thought about it long enough,” Diane D says.  “If you want to see our shows, you're just gonna have to come to the church when we open it in the Dominican Republic.”
“Come to the church when you open it in the Dominican Republic?  Diane D everyone around the country is not gonna make it to your church in the Dominican Republic when you build and open it.”
“I know, but the important thing is, hopefully no reporters are gonna show up down there.”
“No reporters?”
“That’s right.”
“Wow.  You know Diane D, it’s so nice that you, your family and the Dianettes are opening up a hospital, clinic, church, another charity organization, a wildlife organization and a clothing line in the Dominican Republic.”
“Yeah.  Why not?  Listen guys, I have to get ready to go into the other room to meet up with the girls there.”  Diane D looks towards the doorway and shouts, “Evette!”
Footsteps are heard approaching the door.  The door opens more.  Evette comes back in the doorway and says, “Yes Diane?”
“Could you see these gentlemen out please.”
“Sure, no problem,” Evette says.  Evette turns to Chris Parker and James Kern and says, “Right this way gentlemen.”
Chris Parker and James Kern puzzled look at Diane D.  They then get up from their seats.  They worriedly look at Diane D as she firmly looks into the computer monitor and starts typing again.  Chris Parker then says, “At least think about it again Diane D.  Don't quit doing concerts in theaters or arenas.  My wife and kids really wanted to come see your next concert to see you all perform.”
Diane D stops typing and firmly looks at Chris Parker again and says, “I said they're more than welcome to come to our church in the Dominican Republic if they want to see a show.”  Diane D firmly looks back at the computer monitor and starts typing again as Chris Parker and James Kern worriedly stare at her.  Chris Parker and James Kern then turn and walk to the door.  They sadly follow Evette and walk out the room.

The following day, several people inside an office are reading different articles in different newspapers with different headlines that reads: DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES HAVE QUIT DOING CONCERTS!  DIANE D UNEXPECTLY ANNOUNCES TO TWO REPORTERS THE END OF HER AND THE DIANETTES‘ SINGING AND DANCING!  One of the women Tammy, a black woman around her early 30’s turns to the others and says, “Oh no!  This article says that Diane D and The Dianettes aren't gonna be doing concerts anymore!”
“What!” everybody says. 
“They're not?!” one of the men says.
“No!” Tammy says.
“Why not?!”
“They're not breaking up, are they?” a second man asks.
“Not that I know of!” Tammy says.
“So why aren't they doing concerts anymore?  Because Diane D's family banned them from doing that ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance again?”
“I don't know if that's the reason.  It says that Diane D told two reporters who came into her office yesterday that she and the Dianettes are quitting doing concerts and shows and are just gonna do charity work in the hospitals and the churches and work on the Dianettes‘ clothing line.  They're planning to move back to the Dominican Republic and build their own hospital and church by next year or two.”
“Oh yeah?” the first man says.  “That doesn't mean they can't do concerts or shows anymore.”
“I know.  I was hoping to see their next performance.”
“Me too!  I want to see Diane D levitate, and I want to see the Dianettes disappear, climb walls, crawl across the ceiling and lift heavy objects and vehicles!”
“Yeah me too,” the second man says.  “My whole family was planning to see the Diaz-Davidson organization's next performance!” 
“Diane D and the Dianettes are not aloud to do that ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance anymore,” Jennifer, a second black woman, says.  “Remember Diane D's family banned her and the Dianettes from ever performing that ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ again because that performance scared a lot of spectators in Germany.”
“I know,” the first man says.  “I was hoping that Diane D’s family would change their minds and allow Diane D and the Dianettes to perform that ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ again.  I heard a lot of people here want to see those stunts Diane D and the Dianettes did!”
“Yeah my family want to see those stunts too,” the second man says.
“I read that Diane D and the Dianettes are only gonna perform shows inside their church when they open it,” Ronda, a black woman says.  
“Yeah, but that would be down in the Dominican Republic where Diane D and her mom‘s side of the family are originally from,” the first man says.  “I might not ever get to their church in the Dominican Republic when they open it.  Everybody's not gonna make it to their church in the Dominican Republic.”
“I guess majority of the people will never get to see Diane D and the Dianettes sing and dance again,” the second man says.  
“Well Diane D did tell the reporters that people are allowed to video tape her and the Dianettes’ singing and dance performances,” Tammy says.
“Yeah, but it’s nothing like seeing Diane D and the Dianettes singing and dancing in person!  They are some fantastic dancers!”
“They sure are.  I guess if we ever want to see Diane D and the Dianettes perform in person again, we’re going to have to sacrifice.”
“Sacrifice?  What do you mean Tammy?”
“We’re going to have to make a trip to the Dominican Republic to see them!”
“Make a trip to the Dominican Republic?!  Are you serious?!”
“Of course I’m serious!  A lot of people travel to the Dominican Republic just like a lot of people travel to Jamaica and the Bahamas.  I’ve been to Jamaica and the Bahamas before, but I’ve never traveled to the Dominican Republic.  This year, I think my family and I should take a different trip.  We should take a trip to the Dominican Republic.”
“Why, to see Diane D?”
“That’s part of it.”
“But you said their organization won’t move back down their for a year or two.”
“But I’ve always wanted to travel to the Dominican Republic anyway.  I just never got the chance to.  My neighbor and his wife travel to the Dominican Republic every year.  They love it down there.  Being that Diane D and her family are planning to relocate back down there, it should be a good enough reason for me and my family to travel down there a few times so we can get to see Diane D and the Dianettes’ perform.  Who knows?  Maybe I can even catch a glimpse of their Fashion Show.”
“I think you have a point there Tammy,” the first guy says.  “I should travel to the Dominican Republic too.  I always wanted to go there myself.”
“Yeah me too,” Jennifer says.  
“What!” a third guy says.  “You mean you’re all planning to travel to the Dominican Republic just because Diane D and her family are relocating back down there?”
“Well why not?  I have to admit it, I am a big fan of Diane D’s.  I do have sort of a girl-crush on her.”
“You do?!” Tammy asks.  
“Yeah I do.”
“Me too!”
“You do?”
“Yeah!  Even though she has the habit of getting out of control at times then winds up not remembering it.  But I still want to see her and the Dianettes perform live and hopefully get a chance to meet them.”
“Meet them?” the third guy says.  “You want to meet Diane D?!”
“I sure do.”
“That deranged woman?!  You know she‘s been in a Mental Institution before, right?  Right after what she did to that little kid inside the school hallway!   She and her cousin Dana both been in jail and in Mental Institutions.  They both have mental issues!”
“I know.  I’ll just make sure I don’t annoy Diane D or get her upset if I ever get a chance to meet her, that’s all.”
“You better not get her upset Tammy!  You don’t need that other personality of hers to come out and attack you like it did to that little boy.  I heard that other personality tried to kill that little boy!”
“Oh no, I would never want to meet or encounter that other personality of hers like that little boy did!  I hear he still suffers from nightmares by that encounter.”
“He is!”
“But I still would like to meet Diane D‘s normal personality.”
“I understand.  I have to admit, I’m a big fan of hers too.”  The other people start to laugh as the third guy says, “I mean I secretly do have the hots for Diane D myself because she is gorgeous!”
“She sure is,” the second guy says.  The people continue to look at the article as they smile.

A man is sitting in a half full subway car as he reads an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: THE SUPER SEVEN HAS QUIT DOING CONCERTS!  DIANE D ANNOUNCES TO REPORTERS THE END OF HER AND THE DIANETTES‘ SINGING AND DANCING!

A man is sitting on a city bus as he reads an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: WILL WE NO LONGER SEE THE SUPER SEVEN PERFORM?!

A few days later, Tammy, Jennifer and Ronda are sitting inside a coffee shop as they look at an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D (THE QUEEN OF LEVITATION) BREAKS HER SILENCE ABOUT HER LEVITATION EXPERIENCE!  SHE PLANS TO SPEAK ABOUT HER LEVITATION EXPERIENCE AND OTHER CONTROVERSIAL ISSUES SURROUNDING HER AT THE BLIXON HOTEL THIS SATURDAY AND ANSWER QUESTIONS!  “Oh wow!” Jennifer shouts.  “It says that Diane D is going to be at the Blixon Hotel this Saturday afternoon!  It says she’s going to break her silence and speak about her levitation experience and other controversial issues surrounding her and answer some questions!”
“Oh yeah?” Tammy asks.
“Yeah!”
“Oh wow!”
“What other controversial issues?” Ronda asks.  “You mean like her kung fu kicking that storage room door inside the hospital?”
“Yeah,” Jennifer says.  “She’s going to speak inside one of the hotel conference rooms.  It says the hotel is only going to allow around two hundred people inside the room.”
“Two hundred people?”
“Yeah, first come first serve.  That means the first two hundred people are only going to be allowed inside the room.  I wanna go!”
“Me too!”
“Wow,” Tammy says.  “Too bad I won’t make it there, I‘ll be out of town.  My family and I are heading to Boston for the weekend and we’re leaving Saturday morning!” 
“Yeah that’s right Tammy, you won‘t be here.   But I’m planning to go see Diane D.  I should go to the Blixon Hotel Friday night so I can be one of the first people on line!”
“Be one of the first people on line?  So you’re going to hang out at the hotel all night?”
“I sure am!  I want to see Diane D!  Hey, I should bring my sister Nicole with me.”
“Your sister Nicole?”
“Yeah.  She likes Diane D too.”
“Well I can’t be at the hotel Friday night,” Jennifer says.  “Who’s going to watch my kids?  I can’t bring them with me and have them hang out with me at the hotel all night.”
“So why don’t you just rent a room at the hotel Jennifer?”
“Yeah but if I do rent a room in the hotel, who’s going to watch my kids if I get the chance to make it inside the conference room to see Diane D?  I can’t bring my kids inside the conference room with me, only 18 and over are allowed inside the conference room.”
“18 and over?”
“Yeah, my kids are too young.”
“Wow, that might be some real heavy stuff Diane D is going to talk about in there.”
“I think so.  They say the stuff she is going to talk about, might not be suitable for children.”
“No?”
“Uh uh.”
“Well if you can’t make it inside the conference room Jennifer, I’ll tell you all about it.”
“Well have a good time if you two make it in the hotel conference room to see Diane D,” Tammy says.  “Tell me all about it.”
“We will.”
“But while you’re inside the conference room, make sure Diane D’s feet stay on the floor.”
“Make sure Diane D’s feet stay on the floor?  What do you mean?”
“Make sure she doesn’t levitate, wooooh.”
“Oh stop it Tammy, you’re scaring me!  That levitation performance those spectators in Germany witnessed is serious!  A lot of them got sickened and horrified by it.  I would love to see Diane D, but I don‘t want to see any of that levitation stuff.   Seeing something like that would really freak me out.”
“It will freak me out too,” Jennifer says.  “I would love to see Diane D also, but I don’t want to see that levitation stuff either.  I wanted to see it at first, then I got scared and changed my mind.”
“Me too.”
“Come on.  Our lunch break is over.”  Jennifer, Ronda and Tammy get up from their seats and head to the exit door.  They open the door and leave the coffee shop.










































Chapter 35

Diane D Gives A Controversial Speech Inside Hotel


Saturday afternoon, there are tons of people inside the lobby of the Blixon Hotel.  Security guards try to hold the people back as one of them, a black male, shouts, “I’m sorry folks, but the conference room is full!  No one else is allowed inside the room!”
“But we want to see Diane D!” a young Hispanic woman shouts.
“Yeah!” a young white male shouts.  “We want to see her levitate!” 
“Yeah!” the rest of the crowd shouts.
“Diane D did not come here to do any levitation performances!” the security guard shouts.  “She’s only here to make a speech!”
“Okay, we’ll settle for that!” another white male shouts.
“You can’t, the media is in there!”
“The media is in there?!” a Hispanic male shouts
“Yeah!  I’m sorry people, but the conference room is already full!  We can’t have the conference room over-packed!”
“Aaaahhh!” the crowd says.
“Sorry everybody!”

Inside the conference room, there are reporters, three camera men and around two-hundred people sitting down on rows of chairs across the room anxiously facing forward towards the front of the room.  There is a microphone stand on one side of the room and large windows on the other side of the room.
In the front of the room, there are large eerie photos of Diane D’s ‘Illusions Of Zero Gravity’ performance posted all across the front wall.  There is an eerie photo of her levitating face up in the horizontal position with her head back and eyes eerily puffy, swollen and half-closed with eyeballs hidden behind her eyelids appearing to be in a state of trance and an eerie photo of her levitating in the vertical position with her head back looking up with eyes eerily puffy, swollen and half closed appearing to be in a state of trance again.  There is a large frightening sketch of an angry puffy-eyed Diane D kung fu kicking the storage room door wide open in a dark dimly lit hallway with two frightened male faces one white and one black hiding in the background. There is also a large frightening painting of puffy-eyed Diane D in a different position kung fu kicking the storage room door wide open in the dark dimly lit hallway with the two frightened male faces hiding in the background.  Also on the front wall, there is a large eerie sketch of an angry puffy-eyed Diane D laying on the floor of a jail cell against the wall with her long black hair all wild and loosed out around her back, shoulders and face, angrily looking towards several correction officers as the correction officers frighteningly stand far away from her poking a ten feet pole against her ribs as they try to push her back and keep her down.  There is also a large eerie paint version from a lower angle of angry puffy-eyed Diane D laying on the floor of the jail cell against the wall with her hair wild and loosed out around her back, shoulders and face, angrily looking towards the frightened correction officers as the correction officers stand far away from her poking the ten feet pole against her ribs trying to push her back and keep her down.  There is a large eerie painting of puffy-eyed Diane D standing behind bars inside a dimly lit jail cell holding on to the bars as she firmly looks outside the bars into the distance.  There is a large eerie painting of Diane D’s physical body sitting on the floor in a meditated position inside a large dimly lit bedroom.  Her physical body appears to be in a state of trance with her face up and eyes eerily puffy, eerily swollen and half-closed with her eyeballs looking up behind her half-closed eyelids as her see-through soul or spirit creeps away from her physical body with her head turned back looking at her physical body.  Underneath that painting is a capture that says: BODY AND SOUL.  There is a large eerie close-up photo of Diane D’s face, shoulders and upper arms inside a dimly lit room with her arms slightly spread.  She appears to be in a state of trance again with her eyes eerily puffy, eerily swollen and half-closed with her eyeballs looking up behind her half-closed eyelids again.  There is a large eerie close-up photo of just Diane D’s eyes in the same dim light.  Her eyes appear to be eerily puffy, eerily swollen and half-closed with her eyeballs looking up behind her half-closed eyelids in a state of trance.  There is another large close-up photo of Diane D outside in a park during the daylight balancing her entire body weight face down in a horizontal position two feet off the ground with her arms completely straight, both of her hands on the ground while both of her feet are on top of a bench in a park.  She is dressed in different clothes wearing black pants, a short black turtleneck shirt bearing her waist, thick black shoes and a belt made out of chains as she looks off to the side, this time smiling with her eyes less puffy, less swollen and more wide opened.  There is a platform in front of the room with a podium on it.  There is a microphone attached on top of the podium.  There are newspapers on top of the podium with headlines and articles about Diane D.  There is that same frightening sketch inside the newspaper of Diane D kung fu kicking the storage room door wide open in a dark dimly lit hallway with the two frightened male faces hiding in the background.  There is a TV monitor in front of the room showing small video slides of the ‘beginning’ of the ‘IIllusions Of Zero Gravity’ performance.
The people in the room anxiously look at the eerie photos, paintings and sketches all along the front wall.  They also look at the TV monitor showing eerie video slides of the ‘beginning’ of the ‘Illusions Of Zero Gravity’ performance.
Ronda is sitting down on a chair in the middle of the audience next to her sister Nicole who is sitting on Ronda’s left as they look towards the front of the room at the eerie photos, paintings and sketches on the front wall and video slides of the ’beginning’ of the ‘Illusions Of Zero Gravity’ performance.  Ronda turns to Nicole and nervously whispers, “When is Diane D suppose to come in here?”
“She should be coming in here any minute now,” Nicole whispers.
“Oh yeah?  Well I’m kind of afraid.”
“You are?”
“Yeah.”
“Of Diane D?”
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
“Well what do you think?  Because of her out-of-control behavior!  Especially when we heard what she did to those security guards, those police officers and to those correction officers right inside the jail cell!   I’m also afraid of her when we heard what she did to that poor little boy right inside that school hallway!  I’m also afraid of her when we heard that she threatened her Jamaican lover’s girlfriend right over the telephone then sped her car all the way to where the woman lives to attack her!   I’m also afraid of her when we heard that she walked right off the stage during the middle of her own concert and walked right into the audience and knocked that reporter out right in front of everybody!  What if she goes crazy again and does that same stuff right in here?”
“Diane D is not gonna knock anybody out in here Ronda.”
“How do you know?  There are reporters in here you know.  They might ask Diane D the wrong questions and she might go crazy and flip out on them right here in front of everybody like she did to that reporter at her concert!”
“That’s because that reporter at her concert was heckling her while she was on stage.  Besides, Diane D is the one who decided to allow people to ask her any questions they want.  That’s why she came to this hotel in the first place, to allow people to ask her questions.”
“I’m still afraid of her Nicole, especially when we heard what she did to that storage room door inside the hospital then to the storage room!   And I’m also afraid of her when we heard about her levitation performance in Germany!   I’m afraid she might get out of control right here in this room then levitate right before our eyes.”
“Oh really?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh don’t be silly Ronda, Diane D is not gonna come in here and get out of control or levitate.  Besides, levitating would be something to see.  I still would like to know, how she did it!”
“Yeah me too.  Hey, when she comes in here, why don’t you go up to her and ask her how she levitated?”
“Me go up to her and ask her?”
“Yeah.”
“I have a better idea Ronda.”
“What’s that?”
“Why don’t YOU go up to Diane D and ask her how she levitated.”
“Me ask her?”
“Yes you.”
“But I’m afraid to even go near her.  That little boy Marcus went near her and look what happened to him.  Besides, they said that Diane D doesn’t even remember levitating in that performance she and the Dianettes did in Germany.”
“Yeah I heard that too.”  Nicole and Ronda turn their heads back forward and look towards the front of the room at the eerie photos, paintings and sketches along the front wall.  They also look at the TV monitor now showing eerie video slides of the ‘middle’ of the ‘Illusions Of Zero Gravity’ performance.  Nicole then looks towards the front door and nervously says, “Oh oh.  There she is.”
“What?  You see Diane D?”
“Yeah.”
“Where?  I don’t see her.”
“I just saw a glimpse of her standing out in the hallway talking with her family.”
“Her family is out there?”
“Yeah.  She’s getting ready to come in here.”
“Oh oh.  I think we should move to the back.”
“Move to the back?”
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
“You just said Diane D is getting ready to come in here, didn’t you?   I think we’ll be more safer in the back just in case she suddenly gets out of control.  If we’re in the back and she suddenly gets out of control, at least the people in the front will be the first ones attacked by her, instead of us!”
“The people in the front?”
“Yeah.”
“Don’t be afraid Ronda, there’s security here.”
“Security?!  You mean like in security guards?!”
“Yeah.”
“Oh no!  Weren’t they the ones Diane D kung fu kicked in the groins and landed a few of them in the hospital with permanent injuries?!  I mean what good are they if she can attack them as well?!  I’m telling you Nicole, we should move to the back!”
“Ronda, if you’re that afraid of Diane D, then why did you want to come here?  Everybody in this room knew, that Diane D was going to come here to this hotel today and make a speech right in this room.  They came here specifically to see her.  Why do you think all those people are standing out in the lobby?  They want to see Diane D or at least catch a glimpse of her.  When you heard and read that Diane D was going to come here to this hotel to make a speech, you got so excited and wanted to come here too and hang outside the hotel all night so you can get a chance to see her or catch a glimpse of her.  We were one of the first people on line, so we’re very lucky we got the chance to get in here.”
“I know.  I wish we weren’t so lucky, because now I’m afraid.”
“Ronda, you’re getting a chance to see Diane D.  Be happy and don’t be afraid.”
“Okay.  I’ll try my best.  I‘m just nervous that‘s all.”
“Well try your best not to be nervous because I heard a lot of people wanted to come here to this hotel when they found out that Diane D was going to be here, but they were afraid too.”
“They were?”
“Yeah.  They were also afraid that Diane D might levitate right inside this hotel then the same chaos might happen here, like it did in Germany.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.  Did you notice that when the people first walked in this room to sit down, they went straight to the back to sit down in the back seats first, then when there were no more seats in the back, everybody else had to eventually take seats in the middle of the room then towards the front because they‘re all afraid of Diane D just like you are.”
“Aren‘t you a little bit afraid of Diane D yourself?”
“Yeah I have to admit, I’m afraid of her too.  I hope her family comes in here with her because I’ll feel a little safer if her family be in here with her.”
“Yeah me too.”  Ronda and Nicole turn their heads back forward and look towards the front of the room again at the eerie photos, paintings and sketches along the front wall.  They then look back at the TV monitor now showing eerie video slides of the ‘end’ of the ‘Illusions Of Zero Gravity’ performance.  The part of Diane D levitating face up in a horizontal position suddenly appears on the screen!  Ronda, Nicole and the rest of the people in the audience start to gasp and scream!
“Please turn that off,” the audience members plead.  A white male hotel staff member approaches the monitor and shuts it off.  
A stocky black male hotel staffer who is bald and wearing a suit walks into the room.  He approaches the platform.  He steps up on the platform and approaches the podium.  He stands behind the podium and looks at the crowd.  He then speaks into the microphone and says, “Hello ladies and gentleman, thanks for coming here today.”  The audience claps and cheers.  The man then says, “My name is Herman Smith.  I’m one of the managers of the hotel.  Ladies and gentleman, we have a very special guest here today who wanted to make a point and get her point across.”  The audience starts to cheer.  Herman Smith then says, “Ladies and gentleman, here is, Diane D!”
The crowd in the room stands, claps and cheers as Nicole turns to Ronda and nervously says, “Here she comes!”
“Oh oh,” Ronda nervously says.  “I’m afraid to look at her.”
“Me too.  But I’m going to look anyway,” Nicole smiles and says as she and Ronda anxiously turn their heads and nervously look towards the front door.
Puffy-eyed Diane D enters the conference room holding a water bottle and walks towards the platform wearing a dark brown shirt with a short dark brown velvet jacket over it, a matching short dark brown velvet mini-skirt with dark brown stockings baring her muscular legs and thick black shoes as she looks at the crowd and waves her hand to them.  She is wearing a matching dark brown velvet bow at the end of her long thick braid.  
The crowd continues to stand, clap and cheer as Diane D approaches the platform.  
Diane D steps up on the platform.  She approaches the podium as Herman Smith steps aside to make room for her.  She stands behind the podium and looks at the crowd as the camera men point the cameras at her.  She places the bottled water on the podium.  Herman Smith turns to Diane D and says, “I’ll be in the hallway with your family.”  Diane D nods her head to Herman Smith.  Herman Smith then turns and walks away from the podium as Diane D looks back at the crowd.  Herman Smith walks towards the doorway.  He then steps out the room and closes the door behind himself.  Diane D continues to look at the crowd.  She then speaks into the microphone as her deep baritone voice comes out of the speakers and says, “Hello ladies and gentleman.”
“Hello Diane D,” the crowd anxiously says as they stop clapping and cheering.  
“Diane D!” a male voice in the back shouts.
“How is everybody doing today?” Diane D asks.
“Okay,” the crowd says.  “How are you?”
“I’m doing okay for now.”  
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at each other, then nervously look back at Diane D and smile towards her.  
“We love you Diane D!” another voice in the back shouts.
“Thanks,” Diane D says.  “Have a seat Ladies and Gentleman.”  
The crowd sits back down in the chairs.  They anxiously and nervously look back at Diane D.
Diane D looks at the crowd again.  She then speaks into the microphone again and firmly says, “Okay Ladies and Gentlemen, we’re going to cut down to the chase.  We all know why we are here.  A lot of you heard that the Dianettes and I are quitting singing and dancing inside theaters and arenas.”
“Aaaaahh,” the crowd says.
“A lot of you heard what happened in the back hallway of the clinic area, in the hospital that I worked in.”  
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at each other, then nervously look back at Diane D.  
“And a lot of you heard what happened back in Germany during the Dianettes and my ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance.”  
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at each other again, then nervously look back at Diane D.  
Diane D holds and puzzled looks down at the eerie sketch of herself kung fu kicking the storage room door inside the newspaper that is sitting on top of the podium.  She frowns and pokes her mouth to the side as she stares down at the sketch.  She then turns towards the front wall and says, “To tell you all the truth people, I don’t remember doing this!” as she points at the sketch and painting of herself kung fu kicking the storage room door wide open.
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously and frighteningly look at the large eerie sketch and large eerie painting of Diane D kung fu kicking the storage room door.  
Diane D then turns back to the crowd.  She looks at the crowd and says, “When the police brought me and my family to the storage room door to look at the storage room door to see if I can remember anything that happened to it, I couldn’t remember a thing about what happened to that storage room door.  I don’t remember ever being near it that night it got damaged.  Then when the police brought me and my family inside the storage room to see if I can remember anything that happened inside there, I couldn’t remember a thing about what happened inside the storage room at all.  And I don’t remember doing any of that levitation performance everyone has been talking about!”  
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at each other, then back at Diane D.  
Diane D holds and puzzled looks down at the eerie photos of her levitation performance that is sitting on top of the podium.  She frowns again as she stares down at the sketch.  She then turns towards the front wall and says, “And to tell you all the truth people, I don’t remember doing any of this!” as she points at the large photos of her levitation performance.  
The crowd quietly and shockingly look at the large eerie photos of Diane D‘s levitation performance along the front wall.  The people are so quiet you can hear a pin drop inside the room as they frighteningly stare at the photos on the wall.  They frighteningly look back at Diane D.
Diane D turns back to the crowd and says, “Even when the German security and authorities showed the video of me levitating, to me and my family the following day, I didn’t recognize myself in the video.  When the doctors here in New York showed the video of me levitating to me and my family last week to see if I can remember anything about it, that’s when I finally broke my silence about it and told them all, that couldn’t possibly be me in the video, because let me get one thing straight, and let me get it straight right now…… I DON’T KNOW HOW TO LEVITATE EVEN IF I WANTED TO!”
The crowd frighteningly looks at Diane D.
“Levitation is something that is totally impossible to do!  But it’s a good thing the German security and authorities did show me the video of myself supposedly levitating, because if I never saw the video and they all told me that I actually levitated, I would have thought that they were all full of crap, but it‘s a good thing I saw the video.  I still don’t think it’s me in the video.  If it is me, I don’t think I actually levitated.  I think they must have did some type of special effects to the video to make it look like I’m levitating.  I even think these photos of me levitating aren’t real.  I believe they were somehow Photoshopped or something like that.  But I would just like to apologize to everyone and anyone who got scared and terrified, by the Dianettes and my ‘Illusion of Zero Gravity’ performance.  I heard a lot of people who witnessed the performance Live were almost scared to death and had to be hospitalized.  We didn’t mean to scare anyone or cause anyone to get hurt.  Believe me, I’m not out to get people.  I just do my thing.  So therefore, if anybody was scared or hurt by me and the Dianettes’ ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance, you don’t have to worry about it anymore because the Dianettes and I will never perform anything like that ever again!”
The crowd nervously looks at Diane D.
“My family has banned me and the Dianettes from ever performing the ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ again.  That‘s one of the reasons why the Dianettes and I won’t be singing and dancing inside theaters or arenas anymore.”
“Aaaaah,” the crowd says.
“It’s for the best.  So if there’s anyone who would like to ask me any questions at all, the time is now.  And you’re going to have to ask me now while I’m standing up here.  I don’t want anyone to come up to me on the streets and start asking me any questions.  So whatever any of you have on your minds, you all better ask me now.  I‘ll try to answer your questions as best as I can.”  
Tons of people in the audience raise their hands.
Diane D looks at the people and says, “You all can go to the side of the room and line up right there at the microphone,” as she points her finger to the microphone stand at the side of the room.
The people stand and turn to their right.  They anxiously walk to that side of the room towards the microphone.  They start to line up behind the microphone.  
Diane D waits patiently at the podium as she watches the people line up.  
The people finish lining up.  A white male reporter around his mid 40’s is the first one on the line at the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the reporter says.  “So Diane D, you don’t remember ever levitating during your ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance at all?”
“No, I remember nothing about it.”
“Well according to the video, you had your face and chest down to the floor while your legs were in a split position and you stayed like that for a while.   Some of the German spectators suspected that you were meditating right there on the stage floor.  Were you meditating right there on the stage floor Diane D?”
“Yes as a matter of fact, I was meditating.”
“You were?”
“Yes I was.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at each other, then nervously look back at Diane D.  
“Why were you meditating?” the reporter asks.
“So I can get into deep concentration and do my performance right,” Diane D says.  “I didn’t mean to meditate that long.”
“You didn’t?”
“No.  When I started to meditate, I accidentally hypnotized myself.”
“What!” the audience shockingly shouts.
“You hypnotized yourself?!” the man shockingly asks.
“Yes I did,” Diane D says.
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at each other, then shockingly look at Diane D.  
“Unfortunately, my self-hypnosis got out of hand.  When I felt myself going under, the next minute I know, is that I found my soul or spirit floating around in space.”
“You felt yourself going under, then you found your soul or spirit floating around in space?” the reporter asks.
“Yeah.  Then the next thing I know, is that I suddenly felt myself falling.”
“You felt yourself falling?”
“Yeah.  Then I felt myself land and hit a floor.  Then I heard a whole bunch of screaming all over the place.  Then I opened my eyes and found myself laying up on the stage floor.”
“You opened your eyes and found yourself laying up on the stage floor?”
“Yeah.  I started looking around.  I didn‘t know what was happening or what happened.  All I know, is that I kept hearing a whole bunch of screaming.  The next thing I see, is my family rushing right towards me.”
“You saw your family rushing towards you?”
“Yeah.”
“How long was it, from the time you first felt yourself going under, to the time you felt your body land and hit the stage floor, heard screaming then opened your eyes and saw your family rushing to you?”
“It seemed like a minute.”
“It seemed like a minute between those two points in time?”
“Yeah.”
“But it wasn’t a minute Diane D.  According to the video and the German spectators, your performance from the time you first had your face and chest down to the stage floor meditating with your legs in a split position, to the time you landed back on the stage floor then opened your eyes and saw your family rushing to you, lasted around ten to fifteen minutes.  But you said only a minute went by between those two points in time.”
“I know I said a minute went by between those two points in time because that’s the way it seemed to me.  The German security guards and camera people already told me, that when I first meditated, to the time I landed on the stage floor, laid up, opened my eyes again then saw my family rushing to me, ten or fifteen minutes had went by.”
“They already told you that?”
“Yes they did.”
“You don’t think ten or fifteen minutes went by?”
“To them, ten or fifteen minutes went by.  To me, it seemed like a minute or less.”
“A minute or less?”
“Yeah.”
“Well if it only seemed like a minute or less to you, that means you lost ten to fifteen minutes of consciousness between those two points in time.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at Diane D.  
“I guess I did lost consciousness between those two points in time,” Diane D says.  “It’s the same feeling when a person is laying down on the operating table about to get an operation.  They’re wide awake one minute, they close their eyes and the next minute they open their eyes, they realize that the entire operation had already been done and several hours had already went by.  That’s the same experience I felt on that stage.”
“Oh yeah?” the reporter asks.
“Yes.”
“But the thing is, you didn’t have an operation Diane D.  No doctor or hospital putted you under.  You putted yourself under, and while you were under and unconscious, instead of you having an operation, that was the exact moment your body levitated right over the stage and your body levitated twice!”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at each other, then nervously look back at Diane D.  
 “So right after you started meditating on the stage, you started balancing your entire body in the air then you lifted your entire body upside down and did hand stands on two hands, then you did the hand stand on one hand, then you did split positions while you were upside down!  Then you did the hand stand on your fingertips from only one hand while you were still doing splits upside down!  You don’t remember doing hand stands on your fingertips or doing splits upside down during your ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance?”
“No, I don‘t remember doing any hand stands at all during my ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ performance,” Diane D says, “nor do I remember doing splits upside down.”
“You saw it in the video, didn’t you?” 
“Yeah I saw it in the video, but I still don’t remember doing that.  I only remember doing the split when I first got down on the floor just before I started to meditate.  After I felt myself going under, I don’t remember doing anything else right after that.”
“You don’t?”
“No.”
“Oh my God,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at each other.  “She doesn’t remember,” they shockingly whispers.  They puzzled look back at Diane D.  
“The only thing I remember after I meditated, was seeing my soul or spirit floating around in space, then feeling myself falling and landing hard on the stage floor, hearing a whole bunch of screaming, opening my eyes looking around, then see my family rushing to me.”
“And that was ten to fifteen minutes after you went under,” the reporter asks.
“I guess so.  But I am able to do hand stands on a regular basis, because hand stands is something I’ve been doing all my life.  I perform hand stands during my gymnastic stunts, but I’ve never done any hand stands on my fingertips alone, especially on my fingertips from one hand!  I don’t think my fingertips are that strong to lift or carry my entire body weight.”
“You don’t?”
“No I don‘t.”
“But that’s what happened Diane D.  You did a hand stand on your fingertips and you did it with fingertips from one hand.  The video proves it!”
“I did see myself doing the hand stands in the video when the German authorities showed the video to me and my family, but I just don‘t remember doing the hand stands at that time.”
“No?” 
“No.”
“Wow.  Okay thank you.”  The reporter steps away from the microphone.  Another white man around his 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.   “Diane D, you say that you think the photos of you levitating on stage is somehow Photoshopped, right?”
“Right.”
“How can you think that those photos of you levitating on stage is somehow Photoshopped, when around five thousand people actually witnessed you levitate right before their eyes?  Did you get a chance to meet any of those spectators who saw you levitate?  Did you talk to them about it?”
“No I didn’t.  I didn‘t talk to anybody about it.”
“You didn’t?”
“No.  I stayed quiet after the performance.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?”
“I just wasn’t in a mood to talk after my performance.  I was still sort of out of it.”
“You were still out of it?”
“Yeah.”
“From what?  When you putted yourself under?”
“Yeah, I wasn’t fully back yet.”
“You weren’t”
“No.”
“Are you fully back now?  I mean, how is everything with you now Diane D?  Are you okay?”
“I hope so.”
“I hope so too.  Well, I’m glad you’re back.”
“Thanks.”  
The man steps away from the microphone.  An Indian man around his mid 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man, points her finger at him and says, “Yes sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, you said when you fell and landed on the stage floor, you saw your family rushing towards you, right?”
“That‘s right.”
“Did your family see you levitate?  What do they think about it?”
“My family claim they never saw me levitate.”
“They never saw you levitate?”
“That’s what they said.”
“So where were they while you were doing your performance?”
“They were inside one of the park trailers watching my performance on a TV monitor.”
“They were inside one of the park trailers watching your performance on a TV monitor?”
“Yeah.  They said they saw the beginning and middle of my performance on the monitor, but didn‘t catch the end of my performance.”
“They didn’t catch the end of your performance?”
“No they didn’t.”
“How come?”
“They said the TV monitor inside the trailer suddenly started to malfunction and went blank while they were watching my performance.”
“The TV monitor inside the trailer started to malfunction and went blank while they were watching your performance?”
“That’s what they said.  They said they were all wondering what happened to the TV monitor, why did it all of a sudden stopped working and wanted to know what made it go off.  They were pissed because they were missing the end of my performance on the monitor.  They were trying to find out what happened to the monitor and fix it real quick.  They said the monitor was working during the beginning of the ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance when me, the Dianettes and the Howard Johnson dancers were performing. They said the monitor was working during the Dianettes’ performance.  They said the monitor was working during the beginning and middle of my performance, but around the end of my performance, they said that’s when the monitor suddenly started to malfunction and went blank and they couldn’t see anything on the screen anymore.”
“They couldn’t?”
“No.  That’s when they started hearing screaming.  After a while, they gave up on the monitor and started to rush out the trailer.  They had to hurry through the park to catch the end of my performance.  Then they said they rushed out to where the crowd was.  They said they couldn’t see what was going on at first because of all the people running, screaming and panicking.   They said they started to hurry through the crowd and rushed to the stage. They said when they reached the stage, that’s when they saw me land on the stage floor.”
“That’s when they saw you land?”
“Yeah.” 
“Where did they think you landed from?”
“They said they thought I did a back-flip then fell down from one of my flips.”
“They thought you did a back-flip then fell down from it?”
“That‘s what they said.  They thought one of my gymnastic stunts went wrong.”
“They did?  So in other words, they caught the very tail ending of your performance when they reached the stage?”
“Yeah.”
“So therefore, your family never once saw you levitate?”
“No.  They only saw what happened in the video when the German authorities showed the video to us the next day.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Well what do they think of the video?”
“They claim they don’t know what to think about the video.  They think it‘s special effects also.”
“They think it‘s special effects?”
“Yeah.  They think the same way I do, that levitation is impossible.  They said if levitation did happen, there is definitely a trick to it, they just don‘t know what that trick is.”
“I see.  Did they ever find out what happened to the TV monitor and why it all of a sudden malfunctioned and stopped working?”
“No.  They said when they went back to the trailer to pick up their belongings, the monitor all of a sudden was working again.”
“It was?”
‘That’s what they said.”
“Wow.  That’s strange that the monitor went out on your family just before your levitation performance.  And it’s strange that your body stopped levitating and fell as soon as your family approached the stage and they only got to see you land, which made them think, that one of your gymnastic stunts went wrong.  So therefore, your family never once got to see you levitate Live?”
“No.  They only saw what was on video the next day.”
“Wow,” the crowd says.
“Okay thank you,” the man says.  The man steps away from the microphone.  A white woman around her 60’s with long salt and pepper hair wearing a red sweatshirt steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes ma’am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, I would like to know, how do you feel, that a lot of people are sort of afraid of you?”
“How do I feel that a lot of people are afraid of me?”
“Yeah, like the hospital employees who didn‘t feel safe if you continued to work there.”
“Well, I guess I feel sort of hurt by that, because nobody needs to be afraid of me.  I’m not out to get anyone.  I had minded my own business when I was working at the hospital, I didn’t bother anybody there, and I mind my own business when I’m out in the street.  As long as no one is bothering me or my family, people don’t have to worry about me.”
“It’s not you personally that people are afraid of Diane D.  It’s that other personality that people are afraid of!”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at each other, then look back at Diane D.  
“Other personality?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah,” the woman says.
“What other personality?” 
“I don’t know how to say this Diane D, but, a lot of people think that you’re possessed.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at the woman, then look back at Diane D.  
“Possessed?” Diane D asks.  “A lot of people think that I’m possessed?”
“Yeah,” the woman says.
“Possessed by what?”
“Some unknown entity, some unknown personality or some unknown force that seems to take over you or your body.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at the woman, then look back at Diane D as they nervously nod their heads.  
“An unknown entity, unknown personality or unknown force that seems to take over me or my body?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah,” the woman says.
“No entity, other personality or force is taking over me Ma‘am.” 
“So how come, you don’t remember a lot of the things that you’ve done, like attacking people, dragging several people all at once, kung fu kicking security guards injuring them for life, kung fu kicking a stuck storage room door wide open then damaging the storage room and levitating in mid air?!” 
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at Diane D.  
“A lot of people feel, that another soul, spirit, personality or force is taking over you or your body, causing you to do certain things that you yourself might not even be aware of!  How do you feel that people think that you’re possessed?”
“I don’t know how I should feel about that Ma‘am,” Diane D says.  “I don’t think I’m possessed.”
“You don’t?”
“No.  Why should I think that I’m possessed?”
“Because a lot of people think you are Diane D.  They believe that’s where your violent behavior and your superhuman strength comes from!  You said yourself that levitation is something that is totally impossible to do, but yet you did it!”
“I don’t remember doing that Ma’am!”
“And dragging several people all at once is definitely something that is totally impossible to do, but yet you do it!  The little boy who claimed you attacked him inside the school hallway that night claimed to authorities, that when you kung fu kicked him, you had kung fu kicked him a couple of feet in the air like if he was a football!  No one can possibly do that, but yet that kid claimed you did it!  And kung fu kicking a stuck storage room door wide open that has heavy office furniture leaning behind it, is definitely something that is totally impossible to do, but the two hospital employees claimed to have witnessed you do it!”
“I don’t remember doing any of those things you just mentioned Miss!”
“See?  You don’t get to see or remember the stuff you do or did!  You don’t see the attacks, the damage or destruction that you have done in the past, because your soul or spirit might not have actually been there inside your physical body during those times, and another soul, spirit or personality was most likely there inside your physical body during those times and that other soul, spirit or personality did the vicious attacks, the damage and destruction!”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at the woman, then look back at Diane D as they nervously nod their heads.  
“That other soul, spirit or personality is the one with the superhuman strength and the only person in the world, who’s capable of having superhuman strength or superhuman power like that, is a possessed person!  I just want to know, if you think you’re possessed.”
“No I don’t think I’m possessed Ma‘am,” Diane D says.  “Do you think I’m possessed?”
“Well, not right now.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at the woman, then nervously look back at Diane D.  
Diane D becomes angry as she looks at the woman.  
The woman frighteningly hides a little as the rest of the people frighteningly look at Diane D.
Diane D then says to the woman, “Well let me tell you something Miss.  Yes there are things my family and other people told me that I’ve done in the past, but I simply just don’t remember them.  I am getting help and treatment for my constant memory lapse and hopefully, this situation that I’m going through will stop because it’s not easy for me either!   It’s not easy for me to be fine one minute, the next minute, I feel intense pain or find mysterious bruises all over my body and I be having no idea where the intense pain or mysterious bruises come from.  They just appear.  That is not easy for me.  Yeah people might be afraid of me because they think I’m possessed, but I am really suffering from this condition that I have and I wish this condition on no one.  Now every time I feel intense pain all over my body or find mysterious bruises on myself that seem to just come out of no where, I have to always wonder and think to myself, did something happen to me that I’m not aware of, or did I DO something, that I’m not aware of.  It‘s not easy to live like that.”
“Sorry you’re suffering from that condition Diane D,” the woman says.
“So am I.”
“Well, I hope you get all the help and treatment you need.”
“Thanks.”  
The woman sadly looks at Diane D.  She then steps away from the microphone.  A big heavy black man around his late 40’s who’s bald steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D takes a drink from her bottled water.  She places the bottled water back down on the podium.  She looks at the man and says, “Yes sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I just want to ask you, have you ever tried to reach out to that little boy Marcus in any kind of way?  You know, the little boy the lady just mentioned, the little boy who sent you and your family that phony letter about a 3-year old boy who’s dying of leukemia, just so that you can appear at his school.  I work at the school Marcus used to go to.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at the man, then look back at Diane D.  
“I and a few other teachers went to visit Marcus to see how he’s doing.  We found out that he’s still suffering from nightmares with the frightening encounter he had with you on that third floor school hallway that night.  Have you ever tried to reach out to him?”
“Yeah I have,” Diane D says, “so did my family.  We reached out to the little boy’s mom and grandma and spoke to them on the telephone.”
“Y’all did?”
“Yes we did.”
“Do you know how’s he doing?”
“Well from what the little boy’s mom and grandma told me and my family, the little boy wants nothing to do with me.”
“He doesn’t?”
“No he doesn‘t.  His mom and his grandma told me and my family, that the little boy still fears me to this day and have nightmares about me coming after him attacking him.  I’m not even thinking about trying to get that little boy.  Yeah I was upset about him lying to me and my family about a 3-year old boy who‘s dying of leukemia whose dying wish is to meet me, but I don’t remember doing any of that stuff to him that he claims to everyone I did!”
“You don’t remember attacking him on the third floor school hallway that night, kung fu kicking him breaking his wrist, kung fu kicking him a couple of feet in the air, kung fu kicking his cell phone right out of his hand, refusing to let him go pass you when he was trying to get back to where the principal‘s office is, refusing to let him retrieve his cell while it was laying on the floor ringing?  You don‘t remember doing any of that stuff?”
“No I don’t!  Why would I refuse to let him go pass me to get back to where the principal‘s office is?”
“I don’t know, that’s what he claims to authorities you did!”
“And why would I refuse to let him retrieve his cell phone while it was on the floor ringing?”
“I don’t know, he claims to authorities you did that too!  Do you remember trying to chase after him in the back stairwell?”
“No I don‘t!  I don’t remember ever being in that back stairwell!”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at Diane D.  
“Like I told my family, the police, the doctors and everyone else, that I was standing at the edge of the school hallway after I backed away from that little boy.  Once I backed away from the little boy, he never even came close to me.  He was still way down the middle of the school hallway far away from where I was standing!  That was the last place I saw him.  When I last saw that little kid, he was fine, he wasn‘t hurt or anything, he was just leaning against the wall.  And while that kid was still way down the middle of the school hallway leaning against the wall, the next minute, I find myself waking up in my family‘s van while my husband was driving the van and my parents, Aunt and Uncle were in the back seats.”
“I see.  So being that Marcus was fine when you last saw him, you don’t think he got hurt at all?”
“If he did get hurt, it wasn’t by me.  Most likely, someone else hurt him.”
“Someone else?”
“Yes.”
“Do you have any idea, who that someone else might be?”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they nervously look at the man then at Diane D.  
“No, I have no idea who that someone else might be,” Diane D says.  “But whoever that person is, I wish that person wouldn’t have done it, because that little kid is treating me like I’m the monster and I’m not!  I wanted to talk to that little kid in person to talk about our issue, but his mom and grandma says that he doesn’t want to come near me!  I even offered to talk to the little boy over the telephone and he refused to come to the phone!  I could hear him in the background screaming in fear, telling his mom and his grandma that he’s still afraid of me and begged his mom and grandma to please hang up the phone while I was on it!”
“You overheard him in the background screaming in fear telling his mom and grandma to please hang up the phone while you were on the phone?” the man asks.
“I sure did.”
“How do you feel about that?”
“I feel hurt by that because I’m not out to get that little boy, I never was!  After that trick he and his brother pulled on me and my family, I was furious of course, then I moved on!  Hopefully, he’ll be able to do the same.  The only damaged he and his brother did to me and my family, is that we don‘t trust any sympathy letters that come our way anymore.”
“Wow.  How do you feel, that he has nightmares about you coming to get him attacking him, because I hear he has nightmares about you coming to get him and attacking him all the time!  Yeah we all have nightmares once in a while during our lifetime, but we never really repeat the same nightmare, especially over and over.  The next nightmare any of us is going to have, is usually going to be a different one, not the same one over and over!  I hear that Marcus constantly wakes up in cold sweats from the constant nightmares he has about you coming after him attacking him!  I hear the counseling that he gets is not really helping him, that his mom and grandma are so scared that he‘s going to compensate suicide, just to escape from the constant nightmares he has about YOU coming after him attacking him!  He feels, that this evil vicious entity that he encountered on the third floor school hallway that night is not finished with him yet!”
“Oh no,” the crowd says as they frighteningly look at the man, then frighteningly look back at Diane D.  
“He feels that this evil vicious entity is trying to finish where it left off in the school hallway that night!  How do you feel, that he has constant nightmares about you coming after him attacking him?  How do you feel, that he might compensate suicide because of the constant nightmares he has about YOU?!”
“That is a real tough question for me to answer sir,” Diane D says.  “I don‘t know how I should feel about that.  Should I feel guilty about it?  No I don‘t feel guilty about it.  I don’t control anybody’s dreams or nightmares.”
“Do you think, that this other personality or evil vicious entity, is coming into that kid’s nightmares taunting him and practically scaring him to death?”
“Other personality or evil vicious entity?”
“Yeah.”
“I don’t know what other personality or evil vicious entity you‘re talking about sir.  This kid is claiming to everybody that he sees ME in his nightmares, not any evil vicious entity!”
“I know.  I was just wondering, if this other personality or evil vicious entity, is making itself up to look like YOU then enter into this kid’s dreams and nightmares to frighten him to death!”
“Oh no,” the crowd says as they frighteningly look at the man, then frighteningly look back at Diane D.  
“Making itself up to look like me?” Diane D says.
“Yes!” the man says.
“Well this kid sees SOMETHING in his dreams or nightmares that looks like me or something pretending to be me.  All I can say, is that whatever it is that’s coming into his dreams and nightmares terrifying him, is not me.  I don‘t have the power to enter people‘s dreams or nightmares.”
“Wow.  Even though you moved on with your life and not bothering Marcus, he’s still suffering!  You might have forgiven Marcus, but he doesn’t think that this evil vicious entity has forgiven him.  He thinks that this evil vicious entity is continuing to torment him where it left off inside the school hallway!”
“Oh no,” the crowd says again as they frighteningly look at the man, then frighteningly look back at Diane D.  
“If the counseling is not helping him, you might be the only one that can fix this problem,” the man says.
“Me be the only one that can fix the problem?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah.”
“How am I going to fix the problem sir, when this kid wants nothing to do with me?!”
“I don’t mean fix the problem from his end, I mean fix it from your end.  Maybe you can talk to this evil vicious entity and tell this evil vicious entity to leave Marcus alone!”
“Talk to this evil vicious entity?”
“Yes!”
“How can I talk to an evil vicious entity sir, where the heck will I find one?!  I don’t think there is an evil vicious entity!”
“You don’t?”
“No I don‘t!  I’m afraid that nonsense might all be in that kid’s head.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do!  Do you think that maybe his subconscious might be feeling guilty about what he and his brother did to me and my family?  I think maybe his own subconscious is bothering him and tormenting him, that‘s why he sees me, or what looks like me in his nightmares!”
“Maybe it might be his subconscious.”
“It IS his subconscious!  Maybe he needs to get that part checked out!”
“Maybe.  Boy, I know he’s sorry the day he and his brother ever tricked you and your family Diane D.  I wouldn’t want to trick you or your family.”
“Neither would I.  Sorry I can’t be of any help to him.  I tried.”
“Well thanks for trying.  And I’m so sorry that phony letter incident happened to you and your family Diane D.  And I’m sorry that hallway incident happened between you and Marcus.  Sorry what you two went through with each other.”
“Thanks.”
The man then steps away from the microphone.  A Latino man around his late 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I just want to know, did you try to give your cousin Dana an abortion?”
“Did I try to give my cousin Dana an abortion.  I’m not allowed to discuss that sir.”
“You’re not?”
“No.  For legal reasons, I can’t discuss it.”
“Oh I see.  Well did you try to give your husband a vasectomy?”
“Did I try to give my husband a vasectomy.  I’m not allowed to discuss that either.”
“No?”
“No.  Sorry.”
“Okay thanks.”  The man then steps away from the microphone.  A black woman around her late 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Miss.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, I would like to know, are you still working at that hospital, the hospital where they said you kung fu kicked that storage room door?”
“No I’m not working at that hospital anymore.”
“You’re not?”
“No.”
“How come?”
“My family made me resign from there.”
“They did?”
“Yes they did.”
“Why did they make you resign from there?”
“They claim the hospital employees didn’t feel safe around me working there ever since they heard the story about me kung fu kicking that storage room door.  Like I said, I’m not out to get people.  I’m the type of person, you don’t bother me, I won’t bother you.  Those hospital employees had no reason to be afraid of me, but my family made me resign anyway.”
“I see.  So since you won’t be working at the hospital anymore or singing and dancing anymore, what will you do now?”
“The Dianettes and I will still sing and dance, but only in our church when we open it, and I’ll still be working with my family’s organization.  We’ll be working on the Dianettes’ clothing line.  I’ll still teach my Health and Fitness class and I’ll still do some personal training.  That haven’t changed.”
“I see. Okay, thanks.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  A white male around his late 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, after that incident happened between you and that little boy Marcus inside that school hallway, your family claimed to the police that you meditate from time to time.  They claim that when you meditate, your soul or spirit is able to travel outside of your physical body.  Is it true that your soul or spirit is able to travel outside of your physical body?”
“Yes it‘s true.”
“It is?”
“Yes.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd shockingly says as they nervously look at Diane D.  
“Is that what happens when you meditate?” the man asks.
“Yes that’s exactly what happens when I meditate,” Diane D says.
“Oooohh,” the audience says.
“Not all the time though.”
“Wow,” the man says.  “Is that what’s happening in that Body and Soul painting on the front wall, your soul or spirit leaving your physical body while you’re meditating?” the man asks.
“Yeah.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd shockingly says.  
“Who painted that?” the man asks.
“I don’t know,” Diane D says, “some artist painted it.”
“Oh yeah?  What made them want to paint that?”
“When word got out to the public that I meditate, and my soul or spirit is able to leave my physical body and travel outside of it, people were inspired by it.”
“They were?”
“Yes they were.  They got very curious about that information and wanted to know more about it.  It also inspired them to paint a picture of it.”
“It did?”
“Yes it did.  So a paint artist winds up coming up with this painting of my soul or spirit leaving my physical body while I‘m meditating.”
“Wow.  Is that what happened while you were meditating on stage in Germany, your soul left your physical body?”
“Yes that‘s exactly what happened.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they frighteningly look at Diane D.  
Diane D looks at the crowd and says, “Don’t be alarmed people.  I only left my physical body temporary.”
“Is that what you meant when you said you weren’t fully back yet?” the man asks.  
“Yes that’s exactly what I meant.”
“That‘s why you didn‘t really talk after your levitation performance?” 
“Yes, that’s exactly why.”
“Why did you leave your physical body Diane D?”
“Because that’s what happens to me sometimes when I meditate.  Like I said earlier, I didn’t mean to meditate that long on the stage in Germany, it was an accident.  Then the accident got out of hand and I accidentally hypnotized myself.  That’s when my spirit left my physical body.  I didn’t mean for that to happen on the stage.”
“You didn’t?”
“No.”
“I see.  Your family also claim to the police, that when your soul or spirit travels outside of your physical body, your soul or spirit is able to travel to the spirit world where you see dead people.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at Diane D.  
“I would like to know from you, is it true?  Is it true that you’re able to travel to the spirit world and see people who have passed away?”
“At times, yeah,” Diane D says.
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at Diane D again.  
“Not all the time.”
“Who have you seen there?” the man asks
“I really don’t like to get into that part because a lot of people do get freaked out by it.  So that part, I would rather not discuss.”
“Can you at least give one proof that you’ve seen dead people?”
“No I‘m not going to give any proof that I’ve seen dead people because I don‘t owe anybody any proof about that.  I would rather not discuss that part.”
“Okay, sorry.  Thanks.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A Latino male around his mid 50’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Yo no hablo ingles, hablo espanol.”
“Eso esta bien, vaya.”
“Okay.  Diane D, he oido que la familia fueconmovido y asombrado cuando se enteraron de que ya se sabe que los empleados del hospital, que afirmo haber presenciado que kung fu patadas que puerta de la sala de almacenamiento.  Es cierto que usted sabia que los testigos que dicen haber visto que kung fu kick la sala de almacenamiento puerta?”
Diane D turns to the crowd and says, “This gentleman says that he heard, my family was shocked and stunned, when they found out I knew who the hospital employees were, who claimed to have witnessed me kung fu kick the storage room door, and he wants to know, if it’s true that I knew who the witnesses were?  I‘m going to tell him in his language then I‘ll translate it to you.” Diane D turns back to the man and says, “Si, es verdad que sabia quienes eran los testigos que afirmaban haber presenciado me patada al kung fu puerta de la sala de almacenaiento.”
“Es cierto?”
“Si, lo es.”
Ronda excitingly turns to Nicole and says, “Oh my God, she’s even bi-lingual.”
“Of course she’s bi-lingual Ronda,” Nicole says, “she’s Dominican.”
“I know.  It’s just that I hardly ever hear her speak Spanish.”
“I think she mainly speaks Spanish at home with her family.  I hear she speaks a third language too.”
“A third language?  She speaks three languages?”
“That’s what I heard.”  Nicole and Ronda look back towards the Latino man and Diane D.
The Latino man continues, “Como has encontrado que los testigos eran?   Ha visto alguna vez ellos en la parte del pasillo donde la bandeja cayo?”
“No nunca vi quien estaba ahi donde la bandeja se cayo,” Diane D says.
“Usted nunca?”
“No.  Se fueron cuando me puse alli.”
“Como sabes que fueron los testigos?  Quien te dijo que los testigos fueron?”
“Nadie me dijo que los testigos eran.”
“Nadie?”
“No.”
“Como sabe usted quienes eran, si nunca vio que se encontraba en la zona?”
“Una fuerte intuicion vino sobre mi y me dijo exactamente que los testigos.”
“Una fuerte intuicion llego al lugar y le dijo a usted?”
“Si.”
“Que intuicion fuerte?”
“Yo no se senor.  Es dificil de explicar.  Algunos fenomenos no se puede explicar. Es justo ahi.”
“Es alli?”
“Si.”
“Esta bien.  Gracias.”  The man steps away from the microphone.
Diane D turns to the crowd and says, “When the man asked me, if it’s true that I knew who the witnesses were who claim to have witnessed me kung fu kick the storage room door, I told him yes it’s true, I did knew who the witnesses were who claimed to have witnessed me kung fu kick the storage room door.  Then he asked me ‘how did I find out who the witnesses were‘.  Then he asked me ‘did I see them in the part of the hallway where the tray dropped’.   I told him ‘no I never saw who was over there where the tray dropped’.  I told him they were gone by the time I got there.  Then he asked me ‘how did I know who the witnesses were.  He wanted to know who told me.  I told him ‘no one told me who the witnesses were’.  Then he asked me ‘how did I know who they were, if I never saw who was in the area’.  I told him a strong intuition came over me and told me exactly who the witnesses were.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at Diane D.  
 “Then he asked me ‘what strong intuition‘.  I told him ‘I didn’t know, that it’s hard to explain’.  I told him ‘some phenomenas can’t be explained.  It’s just there.”
“Wow,” the crowd says.  A black man around his late 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, in that Body and Soul painting of you meditating with your soul or spirit coming outside of your physical body, have you ever actually turned around and looked back at your physical body while your soul or spirit is outside of it?”
“Yes I have.”
“You have?”
“Yes.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at Diane D.  
“What did you see?” the man asks.  “What was your physical body doing, while you were outside of it looking at it?” 
“Nothing,” Diane D says.  “It was still sitting on the floor in a meditated position where I left it, just like in the painting.”
“Just like in the painting?”
“Yeah.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says.  
“So whenever your soul or spirit steps outside of your physical body, your soul or spirit looks back at your physical body and you actually do see your own physical body sitting there on the floor in a meditated position?” the man asks.
“Yes I do,” Diane D says.
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Do your physical body’s eyes be opened or closed when you look back at it?” the man asks.
“Sometimes my physical eyes be closed and sometimes it be half opened just like in the painting,” Diane D says.
“Wow, that seems so creepy!” the man says as the rest of the crowd frighteningly nod their heads again.  “How do you feel while your soul or spirit is outside of your physical body looking at it?”
“I feel okay.”
“You do?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  You don’t get freaked out by seeing your own self like that?  You weren’t freaked out by looking at your own physical body from outside of it while it‘s sitting on the floor, especially in a meditated position?  Because I know I would definitely be freaked out by seeing or experiencing something like that if it was me.  I think I would pass out if I saw my own physical body sitting there like that, especially while it’s still alive!  Were you freaked out by that at all?”
“No.  It happens to me plenty of times.”
“It does?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, that is so creepy Diane D, because it‘s almost like being a ghost!” the man says as the rest of the crowd frighteningly nod their heads.  “In the painting, it looks like you’re sitting on the floor in a state of trance with a look-alike ghost standing right over you looking at you!” 
“Oooohh,” the audience says as they frighteningly nod their heads again.  “That’s true.” 
“So what do you do once you see your physical body sitting there?”
“Once I see that it’s okay, I would leave it temporary then come back into it later,” Diane D says.
“You would?  You would just abandon your physical body like that?”
“Not just like that.  Once I see that it is okay, then I would leave it and come back into it later.”
“Where do you go?”
“To the spirit world.”
“To the spirit world?”
“Yeah.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at Diane D.  
“Wow,” the man says.  “How long would you be in the spirit world?”
“I can’t say how long I be there,” Diane D says.  “There’s no time measurement there.”
“There isn’t?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Wow.  How long would you be away from your physical body before you come and enter back into it?”
“It could be anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours.”
“A few minutes to a few hours?”
“Yeah.”
“How would you know how long your soul or spirit be away from your physical body, if there’s no time measurement in the spirit world?”
“Because there is a clock in my bedroom sitting right there on top of the dresser when I do my meditation.  The clock is in full view right where I can see it.  I look at the time on the clock just before I first start to meditate.  Once I start to meditate, my soul or spirit would leave my physical body.  When my soul or spirit returns back into my physical body, I would open my eyes and look right back at the clock.  When I look back at the clock, sometimes it will be three minutes later, other times when my soul or spirit returns back into my physical body, the clock will be three hours later.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“How would your physical body be when you come back into it?” the man asks.  “Would it be okay?”
“If I don’t feel pain or find mysterious bruises on my physical body, that means nothing happened to it, it is okay,” Diane D says.  “If I feel intense pain or find mysterious bruises on my physical body, that means something went wrong or something happened to my physical body while my soul or spirit was away from it.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“What would you think happened to your physical body if you feel pain or find mysterious bruises on it when your soul or spirit returns back into it?”
“I don’t know, I would have no idea.  I would usually find out about it later on.”
“Later on?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  Okay thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.   A beautiful young black female reporter around her mid 30’s with shoulder length hair steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “So Diane D, none of the members in your family saw you levitate Live at all?”
“No none of them.”
“How in the world is it possible, that none of your family members actually saw you levitate Live when around five thousand spectators did?”
“Simple.  My family was not standing outside with the crowd watching my performance.  They were watching my performance from a TV monitor inside one of the trailers in the park.  While they were watching my performance, the TV monitor inside the trailer suddenly went blank just before my supposed levitation performance, so therefore, my family never got a chance to see the levitation as it happened.”  
“They didn‘t?”
“No.  By the time they all ran out the trailer, ran through the crowd and reached the stage, everything was over.  They only caught the tail ending of my performance when they saw me land on the stage floor.  And when they saw me land on the stage floor, believe me, levitation was the furthest thing from their minds.”
“Wow.  What about the Dianettes?  Where were they during your levitation performance?”
“They were all inside the trailer watching my performance on the TV monitor too when the TV monitor went blank.”
“They were?”
“Yes they were.”
“So they never really got to see you levitate Live either, did they?”
“No they didn’t.  They only saw it on video the next day with the rest of my family.”
“Wow.  No wonder why the Dianettes are claiming to everyone that your levitation performance was all just an illusion that it never really happened, because they never actually saw your levitation Live themselves!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says.
“Diane D I was just wondering, if your body still would have been levitating over the stage if your family hadn’t approached near the stage, because your body was dropped from the air as soon as your family came near the stage.  And the TV monitor inside the trailer mysteriously went blank just before your levitation performance, then was mysteriously back on when your family came back inside the trailer to retrieve their belongings.   It was like whatever it was that caused your body to levitate, didn’t want your family to see it!”
“Oh shoot,” the crowd shockingly says as they nervously look at Diane D. 
“It didn’t seem to mind frightening the hell out of five thousand spectators, but kind of protected your family from seeing it and being frightened by it.  Your family was somehow spared from being frightened by your levitation!”
“Oh shoot,” the crowd shockingly says. 
“Do you think your body would have still been in the air, if your family had never left the trailer?”
“Oooohh,” the crowd shockingly says. 
“I can’t really answer that question Miss,” Diane D says, “because I don’t believe I levitated.”
“You don’t?” the woman asks.
“No I don‘t.”
“Even though five thousand people witnessed you levitate right before their very own eyes, you still have doubts?”
“If I don’t remember it and I didn’t see it with MY very own eyes, then yes I have doubts.”
“Wow.  Okay thank you?”  The young woman steps away from the microphone.  A white man around his late 40’s with wavy brown hair steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I heard that being that your cousin Dana is in your family’s custody, your family had to bring her to Germany with you all.  Since your cousin Dana was in Germany also, did SHE see you levitate?”
“No she didn’t.”
“She didn’t?”
“No.”
“How come?”
“She wasn’t at the park while we were doing the performance.”
“She wasn’t?”
“No.”
“Where was she?”  
“She stayed behind at the hotel.”
“She did?”
“Yes she did.”
“Why did she stay behind at the hotel?”
“My family didn’t allow Dana to come to the park.”
“They didn’t?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because people in the hotel kept complaining to my family that Dana was being very rude towards them.”
“People in the hotel kept complaining to your family that your cousin Dana was being rude to them?”
“Yes they were.”
“How was she being rude to them?”
“The people would see Dana in the hotel and recognize her as my ‘notorious cousin Dana‘, so they would get excited and want to meet her, but, the feeling wasn‘t mutual, Dana did not want to meet them!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience members say.  
“So whenever the people in the hotel approached Dana, Dana would get very annoyed and give those people the brush off.”
“She would give them the brush off?” the man asks.
“Yeah she wanted nothing to do with them!   So the people complained to my family about her behavior telling my family how rude she was to them.  My family spoke to Dana and told Dana to stop being rude to people whenever they approach her.  Dana got angry and told my family that she did not come to Germany to meet people!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience members say.  
“She told my family that she only came to Germany because they made her come.”
“That’s what she said?” the man asks.
“Yes that’s what she said.  So to keep Dana from being rude to people at the park, my family thought it would just be best to leave her behind at the hotel and made her stay there which got her pissed off even more!  So that’s why Dana wasn’t at the park while we were doing the performance because my family didn‘t allow her to be there.”
“Wow.  So therefore, she never got to see you levitate either?”
“No she didn’t.”
“Who did she stay behind at the hotel with?”
“My other relatives.”
“Your other relatives?”
“Yes.”
“Did your relatives at the hotel see you levitate Live?”
“No they didn’t.”
“Well wasn’t your performance played Live on the hotel monitors or inside the hotel room TVs?”
“No, only inside the trailers at the park.”
“So in other words, your relatives back at the hotel never saw you levitate Live either?”
“No they didn’t.”
“Did they see your performance on video?”
“Yes they saw my performance on video the next day with the rest of my family.”
“They did?”
“Yes they did.”
“So what do they think about your levitation performance?”
“They think the same thing the rest of my family think, that it was all special effects.”
“They think that it was special effects too?”
“Yes they do.”
“And you think it was special effects.”
“Yes I do.”
“So therefore, not only were your family members inside the trailer spared from being frightened by your levitation, it seems like your cousin Dana and the rest of your relatives back at the hotel were also spared from being frightened by your levitation.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“And not only were your family and relatives back at the hotel spared from being frightened by your levitation, you yourself were also spared from being frightened by your own levitation, because you don’t remember ever doing it!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says again.
“So therefore, neither you, your family or relatives back at the hotel ever got to see you levitate Live at all, you all only saw it on video the next day!”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“I don’t know what it is Diane D, but obviously something spared you, your family and your relatives back at the hotel from being frightened by your levitation.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Something was looking out for you, your family and your relatives.”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says again.
“Thank you,” the man says.  The man steps away from the microphone.  An Asian female reporter around her mid 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, after that incident happened between you and that little boy Marcus inside that school hallway, everyone’s heard that you were put away in a Mental Institution for a while, because the doctors claim that you suffer from mental illness.  Is it true that you suffer from mental illness?”
“Yes, doctors have confirmed that I suffer from mental illness.”
“They confirmed it?”
“Yes they officially confirmed it, that‘s why I got sent away to the Mental Institution.”
“Oooohhh,” the audience says.
“Wow,” the woman says.  “After that storage room door incident happened at the hospital, some people have heard that doctors and the authorities now consider you schizophrenic or borderline schizophrenic, especially after the doctors and authorities saw the damage and destruction that was done to the storage room door and inside the storage room.  Have the doctors and the authorities considered you schizophrenic or borderline schizophrenic?”
Diane D sighs.  She then says, “That information was suppose to have been private and confidential.  Now that the cat is out of the bag, yes the doctors and the authorities have considered me schizophrenic or borderline schizophrenic.” 
“They have?”
“Yes the have.”
“Ooooohhh,” the audience says again.
“Even though I do not remember kung fu kicking that storage room door, nor do I remember going down the stairs to the lower level of the clinic and being in that area where the storage room door is, the doctors and the authorities still want to consider me schizophrenic or borderline schizophrenic.”
“They do?” the woman asks.
“Yes they do.”
“Oooohh,” The audience says.
“Did they officially confirmed that you’re schizophrenic or borderline schizophrenic?” the woman asks.
“Yes they officially confirm it,” Diane D says.
“Oooohhh,” the audience says again.
Diane D looks at the crowd and annoyingly says, “Don’t worry people, I took my medication this morning.”
“Wow,” the woman says.  “How does your family feel about you being considered schizophrenic or borderline schizophrenic?”
“Of course they’re not happy about it.  They‘re very saddened by it.”
“I bet they are.  Have the doctors ever consider putting you on Mental Disability?”
“Yes they want to put me on Mental Disability.”
“They do?”
“Yes they do, but I don’t want to be on Mental Disability, I still want to work.”
“You do?”
“Yeah.  I like what I’m doing.  I don’t want to stop what I enjoy doing.”
“But other employees are afraid to work around you Diane D if you continue to work.  You said it yourself that’s why your parents and grandparents made you resign from the hospital after that storage room door incident, because the employees at the hospital are afraid of you.”
“That’s why my parents and grandparents and the doctors say, that if I want to continue to work, then I would definitely have to be placed in an office by myself away from any other employees, that’s why my parents and grandparents already placed me in an office by myself.”
“They already have?”
“Yes they did.”
“Do they have you work in an office inside one of their Dominican Hair Salons?”
“No.  My grandparents refuse to have me work in any of their hair salons because they claim the employees at the hair salons are afraid to work around me too.”
“The employees at the hair salons are afraid to work around you too?”
“That‘s what my grandparents told me.  They said the employees at the hair salons had already told them, that if I start to work there, they will quit right away.”
“What?  The employees at the hair salons told your grandparents that if you start to work there, they will quit right away?”
“That’s what my grandparents said.”
“How do you feel about that?”
“I feel hurt by it because I’m not out to get anybody.”
“Wow.  What if you were to work in the back office inside the hair salon?”
“The employees there claim to my grandparents that my presence inside any part of the hair salon will still bother them, even if I was to work inside the back office.”
“Even if you were to work inside the back office?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  Sorry to hear about that Diane D.  So what office will your grandparents have you work at then?”
“The office in the organization.”
“The office in the organization?”
“Yeah.”
“I see.  Wow.  Sorry that the employees at the hair salon and the employees at the hospital are afraid to work around you Diane D.  And I’m sorry that you’re suffering from that condition.  I hope you get well.”
“Thanks.”
The woman steps away from the microphone.  A white female reporter around her late 40’s with short dark hair steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Miss.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, when you got sent away to the Mental Institution after that incident you had with that little boy Marcus, I heard that after a while, you started to get out of control inside the Mental Institution, then the Mental Institution had to quickly place you into an Asylum before your out-of-control behavior get any worse.  I heard that while you were inside the Asylum, your out-of-control behavior DID get worse then you started going berserk inside the Asylum throwing and slamming your body against the walls and the door so hard, that the staff claim to have felt the vibration!”
“Ooooh,” the audience says.
“They said it really frightened them!  They said they had to leave out of the area because they couldn’t stand or take feeling the vibration of you throwing and slamming your body hard into the walls like that!  Is it true?  Is it true that you got placed into an Asylum and started going berserk inside there?”
Diane D sighs again.  She then says, “That information was suppose to have been confidential also.”
“Oooohh,” the audience says.
“Now that the cat is out of the bag again, yes they did place me into an Asylum.”
“They did?” the woman asks.
“Yes they did because when I woke up the next day, I found myself inside there.”
“You found yourself inside the Asylum?  What do you mean you found yourself inside there?  You don’t remember going inside the Asylum?”
“No I don’t.  All I know, is that I woke up and found myself inside there feeling intense pain all over my body.”
“You felt intense pain all over your body when you woke up inside the Asylum?”
“Yes I did.”
“Did you know why you felt intense pain all over your body at that time?”
“Not at first.  The next day, they told me that I started throwing and slamming my body hard against the walls and door in there.  I just don’t remember doing that.”
“You don’t?”
“No I don’t.”
“Wow.  I heard that your cousin Dana was also placed into an Asylum at one time?  Is that true too?”
Diane D sighs again.  She then says, “That was suppose to have been confidential also.”
“Oooohh,” the audience says again.
“Now that the cat is out of the bag on that one too, yes, Dana was placed into an Asylum at one time also.”
“She was?”
“Yes she was.”
“Wow.  Sorry to hear about that Diane D.  Sorry that you and your cousin Dana are going through this.  I hope you two get well.  Thank you.”  The woman walks away from the microphone.  A Latino male reporter around his early 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, you say you don’t know or have any idea what happens to your physical body while your soul or spirit is away from it.  You said you would usually find out about it later on.  But that’s not good Diane D.  What if your physical body is sitting there in a meditated state and someone decides to come up to your physical body and take advantage of your physical body while your soul or spirit is gone away from it?  What if someone tries to violate your physical body and feel up all on your physical body or try to attack your physical body while your soul or spirit is temporarily away?  You wouldn’t even know about it at the time because you won’t feel it, just like you didn’t feel when that little boy Marcus was throwing those objects at you inside that school hallway!  He claimed to the authorities that you didn‘t even see or feel the objects he was throwing at you!  I heard that someone did try to take advantage of your physical body while you were meditating inside a locker room of a dance studio one night.”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says.
“I heard that after closing hours late that night, you were all alone inside the women’s locker room after everyone else had gone home.  I heard that you decided to take advantage of the situation and started meditating right there on the floor inside the women’s locker room.  Is that true?”
“Yes it is,” Diane D says.
“What happened after that?”
“Well, after I started meditating, I found my soul or spirit wandering the universe again.  When I came back into my physical body and opened my eyes, I saw one of the male staff members laid out on the floor knocked out with his face bleeding.”
“What!” the audience shouts.
“You saw one of the male staff members laid out on the floor knocked out with his face bleeding?” the man asks.
“Yeah,” Diane D says.  “I saw the paramedics and security guards bending down around him.  I didn’t know what happened.  Then I saw the paramedics and the security guards turn and looked at me.  I asked them what happened.  They told me that they should be asking ME that question.  I asked them ‘what do they mean by that‘.  They told me that while I was meditating, the guy had came over to me.  They said as soon as the guy was about to touch me, I quickly got up off the floor, spun my entire body around and kung fu kicked the guy right in the head practically knocking his head off!”
“What!” the audience shout.
“That‘s what I heard!” the man says.  “I heard that you had knocked him out cold!  Do you remember kung fu kicking the guy in the head knocking him out cold?”
“No I have no recollection of kung fu kicking anybody at all that night!” Diane D says.
“Wow,” the audience says.
“I heard before the guy even laid a finger on your physical body, your physical body quickly responded by getting up off the floor, spinning around and giving the guy a quick kung fu kick right to the head!” the man says.
“Oh shoot,” the audience says.  
“The security guards said right after you kung fu kicked the guy in the head, you quickly went right back down on the floor and continued to meditate right there where you left off as if nothing happened!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says.
“They said you were still in a state of trance and didn’t even seem to know or realize what you had just did!  When the paramedics got the guy to the hospital, the doctors checked on him and said that his neck was slightly broken from when you kung fu kicked him in the head!”
“What!” the audience shouts.
“They said he was slightly paralyzed from the broken neck and he’s still slightly paralyzed!“
“Oh my God!“ the audience shouts.
“Did you get arrested for kung fu kicking the guy breaking his neck?”
“Yeah I got arrested for it,” Diane D says, “even though I had no idea what the hell had happened to him.”
“You don’t remember getting up off the floor kung fu kicking the guy in the head?”
“No I remember nothing about it.  The only thing I remember, is feeling pain in my leg and foot when I came to and open my eyes and I didn‘t know why I felt pain in my leg and foot.  Now I know.”
“Wow,” the audience says.  
“Sounds like the same incident that happened with the storage room door and the storage room,” the man says.  “Did the authorities put you away after you got arrested?” 
“Yes they putted me away,” Diane D says.
“Where did they put you away at?”
“The doctors and the authorities had me put away in a Mental Institution.”
“They putted you away in a Mental Institution at that time too?”
“Yes they did.”
“How come they putted you away into the Mental Hospital, if you don’t remember kung fu kicking the guy?”
“Because they claim they didn’t want to take any chances with me.  They claim they don’t know when the next time I might go off on somebody again and not remember it.  They claim they had to protect the rest of the public from me until I was put on medication.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Did the security guards ever told you why the guy came and approached you in the first place?” the man asks.
“They said they didn’t really know why the guy came and approached me,” Diane D says.  “They said they didn’t know what his intentions were.”
“They didn’t know?”
“No.”
“Do they know now?”
“No, they still don’t know.”
“Why not?”
“They said he’s still not talking.”
“He’s still not talking?”
“That‘s what they said.”
“How come?”
“Because they said he’s still slightly paralyzed and not able to speak.”
“He’s still not able to speak because of what you did?”
“That’s what they told me.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Wow Diane D,” the man says.  “First your cousin Dana caused a female police officer to get shot in the back and paralyzed for life, then you caused a staff member at a dance studio to be kicked in the head then paralyzed, probably for life too!  I hear the doctors might have to put HIM on permanent disability now.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“If this guy goes on permanent disability, that means you caused another person to be put on permanent disability while you were in a state of trance,” the man says.  
“Wow,” the audience says.
“My God Diane D.  You seem very, very dangerous when you’re in a state of trance!  Look what happened to that little boy Marcus inside that school hallway!  Look what happened to those security guards and those police officers!  Look what happened inside that jail cell with those correction officers!  Look what happened to the storage room door at the hospital and to the storage room!  Look at what happened to those security guards on stage in Germany and look what happened to that staff member who approached your physical body while you were meditating inside the locker room at the dance studio!  And that all happened while you were in a state of trance!   All I know, is that I would never try to come anywhere near you while you’re in a state of trance and I would never want to come across your cousin Dana.  I don‘t need either of you to cause me to become paralyzed then I‘ll wind up being on permanent disability myself!   Thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone as the audience claps.  A Middle Eastern male reporter around his late 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I heard that while you were meditating inside your family’s house one time, you were in a state of trance.  I heard that while you were in a state of trance, you tried to attack and kung fu kick a contractor right in the head that was working inside your family’s home for no reason!”
“What!” the audience shouts.
“I heard that your family had to hurry and get that contractor out of the house before you harmed him!  Your family claims you weren’t even aware of what you were doing!  I heard that when you came out of your state of trance, your family told you what you had done and when they told you what you had did, you had no recollection of it.  Your family said you didn’t remember the incident at all!  Do you remember trying to attack the contractor that was working inside your family’s house?”
“No I don’t remember trying to attack anybody that was working inside my family’s home,” Diane D says.
“Do you believe your family when they told you that you tried to attack the contractor?”
“Of course I believe my family when they told me that because my family wouldn’t lie to me.  They have no reason to lie to me.”
“So you do believe that you tried to attack the contractor?”
“Yes I believe it, because my family said so.”
“Oh, so if other people told you that, you wouldn’t believe it.”
“I don‘t think I would.”
“I see.  How did you feel, when your family told you that you tried to attack the contractor?”
“I felt bad about it.  I tried to call the contractor’s company up to apologize to the guy, but the company said the guy wants nothing to do with me.”
“That’s what they said?”
“Yes that’s what they said.”
“So the guy never came back to your family’s house to finish the job?”
“No, he refused to ever come back to my family’s house.”
“He refused?”
“Yeah, so they had to send another guy to finish the job.”
“They sent another guy?”
“Yes they did.”
“Did the other guy ever came to the house and finished the job?”
“Yes he did.”
“So why was the second guy bold enough to come work inside your family’s house?  Did he have any problems with you?”
“No he didn’t, because I wasn’t there.”
“You weren’t there?”
“No I wasn‘t.”
“How come?”
Diane D sighs.  She then says, “Because the company made my family sign an agreement, that I will not be anywhere around the house when the second guy comes to the house to finish the job.”
“What!  Your family had to sign an agreement to make sure you won’t be around their house when the second guy comes there?”
“Yeah.”
“So if you weren’t around when the second guy came to the house, where were you?”
“I was sent to my other grandparents’ house.”
“You were?”
“Yes I was.”
“How was that?  Because I heard a different contracting company had your other grandparents sign an agreement to make sure your cousin Dana won’t be anywhere around their home in order for them to send anymore contractors to their house, is that true?”
“Yes it‘s true, but that was at a different time.”
“Oh I see.  So if your cousin Dana wasn’t around your other grandparents’ home when those contractors came back over there, where was she?”
“My grandfather Mike sent her to Jamaica to stay with her grandparents down there.”
“Your grandfather Mike sent her to Jamaica?”
“Yes he did.”
“I see.  I also heard that your family had to hurry and get a window guy that was working inside the kitchen out of their house while you were in a state of trance before you harmed him too!  Your family claims they were trying to hold you back inside your bedroom to keep you from going downstairs after the window guy then all of a sudden you started dragging them right towards the door out the bedroom!  Your family claim you weren’t even aware of what you were doing at that time either!  Your family claim that when you came out of your state of trance, they told you what you had tried to do while the window guy was inside the house!  They said you had no recollection of that either!  Do you remember dragging your family members towards the door right out the bedroom trying to go downstairs after the window guy that was working inside your family’s kitchen?”
“No I don’t.”
“Do you believe your family when they told you that you tried to go after the window guy?”
“Yes I believe them.”
“How did you feel, when your family told you that you tried to go after the window guy too?”
“I felt bad about that.  Again, I tried to call the window guy’s company up to apologize, but the company wants nothing to do with my family‘s household.”
“They don‘t?”
“No.  They said the only way they’ll ever come back to my family’s house to fix the window, is if I’m not there.”
“Is if you‘re not there?”
“Yes.”
“Did they ever come back to your family’s house to fix the window?”
“Yes they did.”
“So if they came back to your family’s house to fix the window, that means you weren’t there.”
“No I wasn‘t.”
“So if you weren’t there, where were you, sent back to your other grandparents‘ home?”
“No.  I WAS going to be sent back to their house, but when my grandma Margarita and grandpa Tomas called my grandpa Mike and grandma Gracy again, my grandpa Mike and grandma Gracy said they were getting work done again at their house at the same time too and they didn‘t want the contractors there to have any problems with me either AND they didn’t want the contractors there to have any problems with Dana again?”
“So what did your grandparents do?”
“My grandpa Mike purchased two plane tickets.  He used one of the plane tickets to send Dana back to Jamaica again, and used the other plane ticket to send me to the Dominican Republic.”
“What?” the audience laughs.
“Your grandpa Mike sent Dana to Jamaica again and sent you to the Dominican Republic?” the man asks.
“Yes he did,” Diane D says.  “After the work was finished and done at both sets of my grandparents’ places, my grandpa Mike sent for me and Dana to come back, so Dana and I came back and stayed with our grandparents again.”
“Y’all did?”
“Yes we did.”
“Wow, that‘s nice.  Do you and your cousin Dana usually have a problem with contractors that work inside your grandparents’ places?”
“Me, not personally.  I have nothing against anybody that works inside my grandparents’ places, it’s Dana that doesn’t want them there!   I WANT the contractors to be inside my family’s places to fix whatever needs to be fixed, I have no reason in the world to not want them there and I have no reason in the world to want to hurt or harm them!   It’s just that them being inside my family’s place at the exact same time I’m meditating, don’t seem to mix for some reason.”
“It doesn’t?”
“No.”
“You know why it doesn’t mix?”
“No I don’t.”
“Well YOU might want them there Diane D, but do you think maybe it’s that other personality that doesn’t want them there?”
“Ooooh,” the audience says.
“Other personality?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah,” the man says.  “Maybe that other personality could be picking up some kind of vibe.”
“What other personality?  I don’t know why the hell I keep hearing about this other personality.  There’s no other personality sir.”
“There isn’t?”
“No.”
“So how come you don’t remember trying to attack the contractors then?!”
“I don’t know why I don‘t remember trying to attack the contractors!  I don’t know why they being inside my family’s home while I’m meditating, doesn’t mix!”
“You don’t know at all?”
“No I don’t.”
“I see.  So if your meditation is causing you to have problems with contractors working inside your grandparents’ places, what’s your cousin Dana’s reason for having problems with the contractors?”
“She, she just doesn’t like them.”
“She doesn’t?”
“No.”
“Why doesn‘t she like them?”
“She just doesn‘t.”
“Wow, she doesn’t seem to like anybody!” the man says as the audience laughs, “especially after hearing how she gave those hotel guests in Germany the brush off and how she treated the Punky Gurlz over the telephone when they tried to reach you at your other grandparents’ place!  Well, I’m glad both sets of your grandparents were finally able to get the work they needed done in their homes, I‘m happy for them.  And thank you for sharing that information.”  The man steps away from the microphone as the audience claps.  A black male reporter around his late 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I heard that you AND your cousin Dana have both been tased a few times by the police in the past when either of you got out of control, but I heard that the taser had no effect on either you or your cousin Dana at all.  I heard that you two were still out of control regardless of the taser.  Is that true?”
“That’s what I heard.”
“What?” the audience says.
“That’s what you heard?” the man puzzled asks.  “What do you mean ‘that’s what you heard’?  You don’t know whether or not you or your cousin Dana were still out of control regardless of the taser?”
“It’s not that I don’t know whether or not she or I were still out of control regardless of the taser,” Diane D says, “is that I don’t remember any of us ever being tased.”
“What!” the audience shouts.
“You don’t remember you or your cousin Dana ever being tased?” the man asks.
“No I don‘t,” Diane D says.
“Wow,” the audience says.
“But the police, other people and my family have confirmed to me, that I and my cousin Dana were both tased before.”
“They confirmed it to you?” the man asks.
“Yes they did, but I just don’t remember it happening.”
“Wow,” the audience says.  
“So if you don’t remember ever being tased,” the man says, “that means you don’t remember feeling the taser either, do you?” 
“No, I don’t remember feeling it,” Diane D says.
“Wow,” the audience says.  
“What about your cousin Dana?” the man asks.  “Does she remember feeling the taser?”
“She claims she doesn‘t remember feeling the taser either,” Diane D says.
“She doesn’t remember feeling the taser either?”
“That’s what she said.”
“So if someone asks you or your cousin Dana to describe how it feels to be tased, neither of you are able to describe the feeling?”
“No because we don’t know or remember how it feels.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Do you even remember your out-of-control behavior at the time you were being tased?” the man asks.
“No I don’t remember it,” Diane D says.
“You don’t?”
“No.  The police and my family showed me what happened on video the next day.”
“They did?”
“Yes they did.”
“So that means you saw your out-of-control behavior on the video.”
“Yes I did, but I don’t remember behaving that way.”
“You don‘t?”
“No I don‘t.”
“Did you see the police tasing you in the video?”
“Yes I did see them tasing me in the video, but I don’t remember being tased or remember feeling the taser.”
“You don’t?”
“No.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Well if you or your cousin Dana don’t remember feeling the taser or remember your out-of-control behavior at the time, maybe because your original soul or spirit wasn’t there,” the man says.
“Oooohh,” the audience says.
“Your original soul or spirit was probably gone away from your physical body while your physical body was being tased and another soul, spirit or entity that we’ve all been hearing about was most likely inside your physical body at the time.  That‘s probably why you don’t remember feeling the taser nor remember your out-of-control behavior that day.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone as the audience claps.  A white/Latino man around his late 30’s with a tan complexion and straight black hair with bangs steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, do you think maybe that’s why you don’t remember levitating off the stage in Germany, because your soul or spirit probably wasn’t around your physical body, while your physical body was levitating off the stage?”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says as they shockingly look at Diane D.  
“And do you think maybe that‘s why you don’t remember beating on and attacking that little boy Marcus inside the school hallway, because your soul or spirit probably wasn’t around your physical body, while your physical body was beating and attacking him?”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says.  
“And do you think maybe that‘s why you don’t remember being tased by the police or remember feeling the taser because your soul or spirit probably wasn’t around your physical body while your physical body was being tased?”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says.  
“I mean how can you not remember being tased?!  And do you think maybe that‘s why you don’t remember kung fu kicking that storage room door wide open then damaging the storage room, because your soul or spirit probably wasn’t around your physical body, while your physical body was kung fu kicking the storage room door then did damage inside the storage room?!”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says again.  
Diane D looks up in the air and thinks.  She then looks at the man and says, “I don’t know how someone’s physical body, is capable of doing anything at all, if the person‘s soul or spirit is not there inside of it at the moment.”
“You said your physical body was on the floor sitting in a meditated state while your soul or spirit was out of it away from it, just like in that painting.”
“Yeah because that’s the way I left it!”
“You said you believed your family when they told you that you tried to kung fu kick the contractor that was working inside their house and you believed your family when they told you that you tried to go after the window guy that was working downstairs inside their kitchen!  Don’t you think that maybe it’s possible, that while your soul or spirit is temporary away from your physical body, another soul, spirit or entity enters into your physical body to take your soul‘s place for a while and that other soul, spirit or entity is the one doing things like the other lady said, attacking people kung fu kicking them, beating and attacking that little boy Marcus inside that isolated school hallway, kung fu kicking him a couple of feet in the air, kung fu kicking a stuck storage room door right off its hinges then going right into the storage room damaging it, kung fu kicking the guy in the locker room of the dance studio breaking his neck causing him to be paralyzed and trying kung fu kick contractors that are working inside your family‘s house!  And while you were on stage in Germany, do you think while your soul or spirit was temporary away from your physical body after you meditated, another soul, spirit or entity enters into your physical body to take your soul‘s place for a while and that other soul, spirit or entity is the one doing things, like levitating in mid air right in front of thousands of people?”
“Oooohh,” the crowd shockingly says as they nervously look at Diane D.
“And you have no recollection of any of those incidents!  How come you never seem to remember any of your out-of-control or out-of-this world behaviors?!”
“Oooohhh,” the audience says.
“Diane D, don’t you think that maybe you should stop meditating and stop leaving your physical body altogether?” the man says as the audience claps and cheers.
“Man you sound just like my family,” Diane D says.
“Well I think your family is right!  You said it yourself that when you meditated on that stage in Germany, you accidentally hypnotized yourself and your self-hypnosis got out of hand!  Diane D, I think you should stop meditating and stop leaving your physical body altogether to keep other souls, spirits or entities from entering into your physical body and using it!”
The audience claps and cheers.
“By you constantly leaving your physical body, I think you’re opening doors for other personalities, souls, spirits or entities to come right into it!”
The audience claps and cheers again.
“It’s like these other personalities, souls, spirits or entities are saying ’if you’re not going to be inside your physical body or stay inside your physical body, they might as well enter it and use it and do or behave however they want with it!  Like they say, ‘When the cat’s away, the mice will play‘.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd shockingly says as they clap and frighteningly nod their heads. 
Diane D looks up in the air and thinks again.  She then says, “Yes it is true in life, that when the cat’s away, the mice will play, but let me get one thing straight,” Diane D looks at the man again and says, “I don’t always meditate whenever my soul or spirit leaves my physical body.”
“You don’t?” the man asks.
“No I don‘t.  A lot of times, it happens completely beyond my control.  In other words, it happens on its own.  It depends on what mood I’m in, especially, when I‘m in an angry mood.”
“Oooohh,” the crowd says.
“A lot of times, I try not to get angry, because when I do get angry, I feel like I’m about to pass out, or, I feel like my soul or spirit is being pulled or snatched out of my physical body and I suddenly find my soul or spirit floating around in space wandering the universe, all without my control!  While my soul or spirit is floating around in space wandering the universe, I be wondering, what the hell am I doing out here!  In the hospital, when I heard the tray dropped around the corner of the back clinic hallway, then went around the corner and didn’t see anyone there, then went into the stairwell and was about to go down the stairs to try to find out who was in that area, it felt like I was about to pass out right there at the top of the stairs, so I held on to the railing and leaned against the wall to keep myself from falling down the stairs.  Then I felt myself blacking out!  While I was blacking out, the next minute I know, is that my soul or spirit is floating around in space!   The next minute I know, is that I was in the next building standing on the fifth floor hallway at the receptionist desk with terrible pain in my left leg and foot while my eyes were fixed on the two hospital employees, who claimed to have witnessed me kung fu kicked the storage room door.  I didn’t even know why my eyes were fixed on those two guys at first, it was just fixed on them for some reason.  Then I looked around wondering ‘Where was I?’.  Then I realized that I’m on the fifth floor hallway at the receptionist desk in the next building, wondering what the hell was I doing there.  I don’t even know or remember how I got on the fifth floor at the receptionist desk in the next building and I did not know why I was even up there!   I thought maybe I was sleepwalking or something.  So as far as I know, I never made down the stairs to where that storage room door is.  As far as I can remember, I went from the top of the stairs in one building, to the receptionist desk on the fifth floor in another building and I did not meditate at all before that incident happened!  But I was angry before that incident happened.”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says.
“I was angry because I wanted to know, who the hell was in that area and caused the tray to drop!  I felt that whoever was over there in that area was spying on me.  And while my soul or spirit was out there floating around in space wandering the universe, the two hospital employees claim, that’s when they heard my footsteps coming down the stairs to the lower level of the clinic area!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says.
“They claim that’s when they saw me coming from around the corner of the lower level of the clinic hallway looking around the lower level of the clinic hallway, then they claim they saw me go right to the storage room door which was slightly open.  Then they claim they saw me trying to push the storage room door open.  When that didn’t work, they claim that’s when they saw me run right to the storage room door then jumped and spun my entire body around and kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open breaking the door right off its hinges!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience shockingly says.
“Then they claim they saw me spin my entire body around again giving the storage room door another kung fu kick breaking the door off its hinges even more!  Then they said that’s when I went inside the storage room like a lunatic on a rampage and damaged the storage room by ransacking it!   Then they claim they saw me on the fifth floor hallway of the next building coming down the hallway angrily looking inside the patients’ rooms as I was coming towards the receptionists’ desk area where they were.  I have no recollection of any of that!  Again, I did not meditate before that incident happened!  Inside the school, when that little boy Marcus made this shocking confession to me on the third floor school hallway that night, that the little three-year old boy dying of leukemia didn’t exist, and told me that the little boy never existed that it was all a hoax planned by him and his brother, I became shocked when I learned what he and his brother did.  Then I somehow got scared and backed away from Marcus while he was still down the middle of the school hallway leaning against the wall.  Then I started to become furious while I was staring down the hallway at him.”
The audience frighteningly stare at Diane D as they listen to her story.
“While I was staring down the hallway at Marcus, the next minute I know, is that I didn’t see him anymore.  I didn’t see the hallway anymore either.  The next minute I know, is that my soul or spirit is out there in space wandering the universe!  Then the next thing I know, is that I’m sitting in the front passenger seat of my family van feeling intense pain all over my physical body.  So as far as I know, once I backed away from Marcus, him and I were never near each other again.  As far as I can remember, I went from the edge of the third floor school hallway, to the inside of my family’s van and I did not meditate at all before that incident happened!  But I was angry before that incident happened.”
“Oh no,” the audience says.
“I was angry because I realized that this little boy Marcus and his brother tricked me and my family into coming to his school by preying on our sympathy about some dying little kid who has leukemia!  I felt really betrayed by this little boy and his brother because I felt that they were preying on my and my families emotions just to get us to come to his school.  And while my soul or spirit was out there in space wandering the universe, this little boy Marcus claim to everyone that’s when I refuse to let him go by me to get back to where the principal’s office is!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says.
“He also claims to everyone that’s when I attacked him, broke his wrist, went into a trance, dropped kicked him in his back, kung fu kicked him a couple of feet in the air, refused to let him retrieve his cell phone while it was on the floor ringing!  He also claims to everyone that while my cell phone was in my pocket ringing, I didn’t answer it, so he attempted to get my cell phone and answer it himself!  He also claims to everyone that when he tried to reach and grab my cell phone while it was in my pocket, that’s when I spun my entire body around and gave him a kung fu kick kicking him a couple of feet in the air!  He also claimed that I did not respond while he was throwing objects at me and claimed that I chased and charged after him on the third floor school hallway and in the back stairwell and swears to everybody that while he was running down the back stairwell, he heard me kung fu kick the third floor stairwell door so hard that the stairwell vibrated!”
“Oh shoot,” the audience says.
“I have no recollection of any of that!  And again, I did not meditate at all before that incident happened!  In the park, when those security guards were rough handling two of the Dianettes, Miranda and Bernice trying to arrest them, I became shocked and ran to stop those security guards.  I started beating the crap out of them, then I somehow lost it.”
The audience frighteningly stare at Diane D as they continue to listen to her story.
“As I was beating the crap out of those security guards, the next minute I know, is that my soul or spirit is floating around in space wandering the universe!  Then the next thing I know, is that I’m waking up inside a jail cell the following day feeling pain all over my physical body and finding mysterious bruises all over it.  So as far as I know, I never once kicked those security guards.  As far as I can remember, I went from punching those security guards, to waking up inside a jail cell the next day in the afternoon and I did not meditate at all before that incident happened!  But I was angry before that incident happened.”
“Oh oh,” the audience says.
“I was angry because I didn’t like the way those security guards were rough handling Miranda and Bernice causing pain on them!  And while my soul or spirit was out there floating around in space wandering the universe, the police officers and security guards claim to everyone, that’s when I went around like a lunatic on a rampage assaulting them, giving them kung fu kicks to the groin injuring three of them for life!  And while my soul or spirit was still out there wandering the universe, that’s when the correction officers inside the jail claim to everyone that I was a lunatic inside the jail cell trying to attack them as well and they had a hard time trying to keep me inside the jail cell!  They also claim to everyone that they kept poking my ribs with a ten feet pole while I was on the floor of the jail cell trying to hold me back and keep me in there, then claimed that I literally punched and bent the ten feet pole knocking the ten feet pole right out of their hands, then claimed when they escaped out of the jail cell into the hallway and quickly closed the door, they kept hearing me throwing and banging my body against the cell door so hard that they can feel the vibration!  Again, I have no recollection of any of that!  But when I woke up inside the jail cell the next day in the afternoon, I do remember feeling pain all over my physical body and I do remember seeing a bent ten feet pole laying on the floor, but I didn’t know that I had anything to do with it!   I did not know that the correction officers were poking my ribs with that ten feet pole, and I did not know that I punched and bent that ten feet pole knocking it right out of their hands!  I didn’t even know anybody was capable of punching and bending a ten feet pole until my family told me about it when I released from jail three months later!”
The audience frighteningly stare at Diane D as they continue to listen to her story.
“I told my family ‘No wonder why I felt pain all over my body and felt slight pain in my ribs the day I woke up inside the jail cell and no wonder why my knuckles were bruised and swollen, and I did not meditate before any of those incidents happened, but I still found my soul or spirit floating around in space wandering the universe during those suppose altercations, therefore, I do not have to meditate in order for my soul or spirit to be pulled or snatched out of my physical body!   All I have to do, is become angry, that’s when my soul or spirit is pulled and snatched out of my physical body and placed out into the universe for the time being!  What happens to my physical body while my soul or spirit is away from it, I do not know.  I will usually find out later on when my soul or spirit is placed back into my physical body and my family and other people tell me about it later on what actually happened to me.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Wow Diane D,” the man says.  “That little boy Marcus also claimed to everyone, that when he was throwing those heavy objects at you inside the school hallway, you didn’t seem to even see or feel the heavy objects he was throwing at you.  He said you just stood there like a mannequin and didn’t move or blink at all!   He claims even when your face started to bleed, you just stood right there with your face bleeding and didn’t respond or move!  Is that why you don’t remember him throwing those heavy objects at you, and is that why you didn‘t seem to see or feel the objects he was throwing at you, because your soul or spirit wasn‘t there?”
“I guess so,” Diane D says.
“So do you believe now that this kid Marcus threw those heavy objects at you?”
“I guess I believe it now.  Those scars, blood and bruises that appeared on my physical body and face when I woke up inside my family‘s van and the pain I felt when I woke up inside my family’s van came from somewhere.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Diane D,” the man says, “do you know who or what be pulling and snatching your soul or spirit out of your physical body and placing it out into the universe whenever you get angry?”
“No I have no idea,” Diane D says.
“You don’t?”
“No I don’t.”
“Do you know why your soul or spirit be pulled and snatched out of your physical body whenever you get angry?”
“No I do not know why.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Are you even able to stop your soul or spirit from being pulled and snatched out of your physical body whenever you get angry?” the man asks.
“No I’m not able to stop it,” Diane D says.
“You‘re not?”
“No.  It‘s beyond my control.”
“You have no control over it?”
“No.”
“You mean to tell me, if you get angry again, your soul or spirit could be snatched out of your physical body again?”
“I’m afraid so.”
“Oh no,” the audience frighteningly says.
“See?  That’s why I try not to get angry, because I don’t want my soul or spirit to keep being pulled and snatched out of my physical body then my family or other people wind up telling me that I did this or I did that, or I behaved this way or I behaved that way, and I wind up not remembering any of the incidents!”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“I know one thing Diane D,” the man says. “I wouldn’t want to get you angry.  I wouldn’t want your soul or spirit to be pulled and snatched out of your physical body and placed out into the universe for the time being because I don’t know what other personality, soul, spirit or entity might come into your physical body and take your soul or spirit’s place.”
“Ooooohh,” the audience says.
“Thanks for sharing that information.”  The man steps away from the microphone as the audience claps and cheers.  A Latino woman with bright red hair around her early 60’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, even though your family never saw or witnessed you levitate Live, how do they feel about you meditating altogether?”
“They don’t really like it.”
“They don’t?”
“Not really.”
“How do they feel that when you meditate, your soul or spirit leaves your physical body temporary?”
“They have a problem with that.”
“They do?”
“Yes they do.”
“How come?”
“They feel my soul or spirit needs to stay put.”
“They do?”
“Yes they do.”
“I see.  How do they feel about your soul or spirit traveling to the spirit world?”
“They have a problem with that too.”
“They do?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?”
“They said I don’t need to be going there until it’s my time to.  They said once I actually die and pass away and God calls me home for good, that’s when I should be there and not go there before my time.”
“Yeah!” the audience claps and cheers very loud!
Diane D puzzled looks at the audience.  She then says, “Wow.  Obviously you all agree with my family, don’t you?”
“Yeah!” the audience shouts.
“Because your family is right Diane D,” the woman says.  “We agree with your family because we don’t want anything to go wrong again.  We don’t want you to accidentally hypnotize yourself and the same thing goes wrong like what happened in Germany!   What a lot of us saw in the video really scared us.  The first time your body levitated off the stage looked like something right out of The Exorcist!”
“Oooohh!” the audience says.
“The second time your body levitated off the stage looked like you were being hung and spun by an invisible rope or noose!”
“Oooohh!” the audience says.
“That frightened a lot of people!  Then your body suddenly dropped and landed on the stage floor as soon as your family approached near the stage!  When you opened your eyes and looked around, you didn’t even seem to know where you were or what was happening.  You looked like you were in a daze.  You seemed like you were in pain from that fall.  It really scared me and saddened me to see something like that happen to you and I‘m sure the audience in Germany didn‘t expect to see anything like THAT happen!”
“It was never my intention for anything like that to happen Miss,” Diane D says.
“Did your neck get hurt or damaged by that experience Diane D?  Was your neck in pain from that ordeal?”
“No, my neck wasn’t in pain, it was fine.  I didn’t feel any pain in my neck at all.”
“You didn’t?”
“No.”
“Was there any bruising on your neck or anything like that?”
“No.  The only pain I remember feeling, was when I dropped on the stage floor and landed on my ass.  That’s the only pain I remember feeling.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes.”
“Why do you meditate in the first place Diane D?”
“Because I like it.  It gives me a peace of mind.”
“I see.  Well if you HAVE to meditate, please be careful.  Just meditate and keep your soul and spirit inside your physical body, don‘t let it go off anywhere.  We all love you and we don’t want you to accidentally hypnotize yourself and the same thing wind up happening again like it did in Germany.”
“I understand Miss.  I’ll try to be careful.”
“Thank you.  That‘s all we want and I‘m glad to see that you‘re okay.”  
“Thanks Miss.”
“You’re welcome.”  The audience claps and cheers as the woman turns and steps away from the microphone.  A young chubby black lady around her early 20’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the young lady and says, “Yes Miss.”
“Hi Diane D,” the young lady says.  “Diane D, I would like to know, does anybody else in your family meditates besides you?   How many people in your family meditate altogether?”
“Just me.”
“Just you?”
“Yeah.  Every so often, my cousin Dana would meditate with me.”
“She would?”
“Yeah.”
“Does her soul or spirit travels outside of her physical body too when she meditates?  And if it does, does her soul or spirit travel to the spirit world also?”
“I’m sorry, I can’t really talk about what Dana does or goes through during her meditation experience.  She’s a private person, she doesn’t like her business being talked about.  So that is something I have to keep private between me and her.  I‘m a private person too, I‘m just not as private as she is.”
“I understand.  Do the Dianettes meditate?”
“No they don’t.  They’re not into meditation.”
“They’re not?”
“No, not at all.”
“Just you.”
“Just me.”
“I see.  Okay thank you.”  The young woman steps away from the microphone.  A young Middle Eastern man around his early 30’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I would like to know, if you can teach me how to levitate.”
“Can I teach you how to levitate?”
“Yeah.  I’m an inspiring magician, and I would love to learn what you did!  I and other performers were watching that video a few days ago.  We saw what you did in the video when you balanced your entire body in a horizontal position two feet off the stage floor while your arms were completely straight!  I was amazed!  I and the other performers were trying to practice doing that exact same technique at the dance studio, but we just couldn’t do it!  The only time we were able to actually balance our entire body in a horizontal position two feet off the floor with our arms completely straight like you did, is if our feet is held on to something like a bench like that photo of you in the park or if we’re under water at a pool or a beach and the water brings and holds our entire body and feet up, but you weren’t at a pool or beach when you levitated or balanced your entire body in a horizontal position two feet off the floor with your arms completely straight Diane D.  You were on a stage!  And your feet weren’t held on to anything!  How’d you do it?!”
“And this part of me balancing my entire body in a horizontal position two feet off the stage floor was before my meditation part or after my meditation part?”
“It was after you meditated with your legs in a split position.”
“Okay.  Like I told everybody earlier, all the performance I did after I meditated, I don’t remember.  So if that part of me balancing my entire body in a horizontal position two feet off the stage floor came after my meditation part, I don‘t remember it.  I remember nothing after I meditated.  The only thing I remember after I meditated, is feeling my body fall and drop to the stage floor then opened my eyes and see my family rushing to me.  By then, my entire performance was over.  Being that I don’t remember the part of the performance after I meditated, I missed the ending of my own performance.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.  I only saw the ending of my own performance on video the next day.”
“Wow.”
“Sorry I wish I had an answer for you.  But Good Luck on your magician adventure.”
“Thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A young white woman around her mid 20’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, speaking of magician, I would like to know, are you a magician yourself?”
“Am I a magician?”
“Yeah.”
“No I’m not a magician.”
“You’re not?”
“No I’m not.  Why would you think that?”
“Because of you and the Dianettes’ Illusions Of Zero Gravity performance.  You all did things that are impossible.  That’s why I want to know, if you’re a magician.”
“No I’m not a magician, but I do like magic shows though.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do.”
“I see.  Okay thank you.”   The woman steps away from the microphone.  A young white man around his early 30’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I would like to know, how do you feel that people are labeling you ’The Queen of Levitation’?”  The audience claps and cheers.
“The Queen of Levitation?”  
“Yeah.”
“I don’t know how I should feel about that label Mister, because I don’t remember levitating and I don’t believe I actually levitated.”
“Not at all?”
“Not at all.  I really can‘t take credit for something I don‘t remember doing or something I don‘t believe I did.”
“Wow.  Okay thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A black man around his early 60’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, how do you feel, that people and the newspapers are labeling you as ‘The Female Bruce Lee’ by your kung fu kicks?”
“How do I feel about it?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, I have a lot of legendary idols from the past, and he’s one of them.  So do I take it as a compliment?  Yes I do take it as a compliment.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do.”
“That‘s good.  How do you feel that people sometimes label you Bruce Lee’s sister?”
“Bruce Lee’s sister?”
“Yeah.  Are you related to Bruce Lee in any kind of way?”
“Am I related to Bruce Lee?”
“Yeah, because you do kind of resemble him, especially around the eyes and hair.”
“Yeah I’ve been told that before.”
“You have?”
“Yes I have.  Well, as far as I know, I’m not related to Bruce Lee.  My family has no blood relations or blood ties with him.”
“Y’all don’t?”
“As far as I know, we don‘t.”
“Oh.  Okay.  Thank you Diane D.  And I think you are so beautiful and gorgeous.”  
“Thank you sir.”
“You’re welcome.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A white woman around her late 50’s with dark hair steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, how is your cousin Dana’s Aunt Patricia doing?  I would just like to know, are you and she still fighting over  Dana?”  The crowd laughs a little.  The woman then says, “And is it true that your grandfather Mike actually threw you and her out of the country because of it?”
“I wish the authorities had not put that in the newspaper.  It was a personal family matter like any other family situations out there.  But since they did put it out there in the papers and you want to know about it, Aunt Patricia and I are not fighting anymore.  And yes it’s true, my grandfather Mike did throw me and her out of the country because of it and believe me, Aunt Patricia and I don’t want to go through that again.”
“I don’t blame you.  Is Aunt Patricia still in Jamaica?”
“Yes Aunt Patricia is still in Jamaica.”
“She is?”
“Yeah.”
“How come she’s still there and you got a chance to come back here.”
“Because Aunt Patricia originally lives in Jamaica, she doesn’t live here in New York.”
“She doesn’t?”
“No she was only visiting here.  I’m the one who actually lives here in New York, that’s why I came back and she didn’t.”
“Oh I see.  So since she was only visiting, she had to eventually go back to Jamaica anyway, right?”
“Yeah, but not on that day.  Aunt Patricia was supposed to stay here in New York another two months when she and I had that physical altercation and fallout.  But since she and I had that physical altercation and fallout, my grandfather Mike cut her visit short and made her leave sooner.  But Aunt Patricia will be back in New York to visit in a couple of months.”
“She will?”
“Yes she will.”
“That’s nice.  Will you two fight again?”
“No, we won’t be fighting anymore, we learned our lesson.  We don’t need my grandfather Mike throwing us out of the country again.”
The crowd laughs a little.  The woman then says, “But he did send you and your cousin Dana out of the country to keep the contactors working inside his home from having problems with you two.”
“Yes he did.  My Grandpa Mike has no problem with sending me or any of my family members out of the country if he has to.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“I see,” the woman says.  “Okay thank you.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  A young Latino man steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I just want to know, are you still friends with that Jamaican guy?”
“Jamaican guy?  What Jamaican guy?”
“You know, the one that you disappeared in the woods with before, then you two wound up in the hospital with drugs found in your system?  The one you tried to marry when you were already married to someone else?”
“You mean Jonathan?”
“Yeah, I think that’s his name, Jonathan.  Are you still friends with him?”
“I haven’t seen Jonathan in a while.”
“You haven’t?”
“No, and I don’t remember trying to marry him.  But the last time I saw him, he was okay.”
“He was?”
“Yes he was.”
“That’s good.  What about his girlfriend?”
“His girlfriend?”
“Yeah.  You know, the one who claimed you threatened her over the telephone, then claimed you sped your car all the way to her apartment building to beat her up in the parking lot behind her apartment building?”
“Yeah.  What about her?”
“I just want to know, did you actually threaten her over the telephone?”
“No I did not threaten that woman.”
“You didn’t?”
“No.”
“Is it true that you sped your car all the way to the parking lot where she lives so you can find her and assault her?”
“No I did not speed my car to where she lives and I did not plan to assault her.”
“Well have you seen her lately?  Do you know how she’s doing?”
“No I don’t know how‘s she doing.  Why, you want her number?”
“No I don’t want her number.  I was just curious.”
“I really don’t know how’s she doing and frankly my dear, I do not really give a damn how she’s doing and I do not really care to discuss her!  Next question please!”   
“Sorry.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  
“Please don’t get her upset!” a voice from the back of the audience shouts.
Diane D quickly turns her head and firmly looks towards the back of the audience where the voice came from.
The audience members quickly become quiet as Diane D firmly stares towards the back of the audience.  The audience members puzzled stare at Diane D.  Diane D continues to firmly stare towards the back of the audience.  The audience members start to turn their heads and puzzled look towards the back of the audience.  They turn their heads and puzzled look back at Diane D.  Diane D continues to stare towards the back of the audience.  The audience members start to become nervous as they stare at Diane D.  Diane D continues to stare towards the back of the audience.  The audience members frighteningly stare at Diane.  Diane D then looks back towards the microphone area.  
Nicole steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at Nicole and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” Nicole says as the audience gives a sigh a relief.  Nicole then says, “Diane D, I just want you to know, that I think you are marvelous and I think you are so beautiful.”
“Thanks Ma‘am.”
“And that is a lovely outfit you’re wearing.  Where did you get that outfit?”
“Oh the Dianettes made it for me.  This is part of their clothing line.”
“It is?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, it is beautiful!   I was wondering if it was part of their clothing line because I do see a matching bow on your hair.   I figure a matching bow is part of their trademark.”
“I think so.”
“Wow.  Where do they find matching bows for your outfits?”
“They usually make the matching bows from the left-over material that they use for the clothes.”
“Oh really?”
“Yeah.  If there’s no left-over material to make matching bows, then they will just go out and shop around for bows that fit the color of the outfit.”
“They would?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s a good idea.  Do you like wearing bows in your hair?”
“It doesn’t really matter to me.  Normally, I don’t put bows in my hair, but the girls like to put them in my hair.”
“They do?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?”
“Because they’re crazy about bows.”
“But you’re not as crazy about bows as much as they are, are you?”
“Personally, I can take them or leave them.”
“I see.  Well I think the bows look so cute on you Diane D.  I see you’re even wearing a bow in that sketch of you and painting of you kung fu kicking the storage room door.  Were you wearing an orange bow in your hair that night they claimed you kung fu kicked the storage room door?”
“Yes as a matter of fact, I was wearing an orange bow in my hair when I went to work at the hospital that night.”
“You were?”
“Yes I was.”
“Is that outfit in the sketch and painting of you, the same exact outfit you were wearing that night?”
“Yes I was wearing that exact outfit that night.”
“You were?”
“Yes I was.”
“So you remember what you were wearing that night?”
“Yes I do.  Even though I don’t remember kung fu kicking the storage room door, I do remember what I was wearing that night.”
“I see.  How did whoever drew that sketch of you and made that painting of you know exactly what you were wearing that night?  Did they see you that night?”
“No they didn’t.  The hospital employees saw me that night and saw what I was wearing and they described to the sketch artist and paint artist what I was wearing.”
“Oh the hospital employees described what you were wearing to a sketch artist and paint artist?”
“Yes they did.  So whatever clothes the hospital employees describe to the sketch artist and paint artist, that’s what the sketch artist and paint artist are going to wind up drawing on my image, right down to the orange bow that was in my hair.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“How did you happen to wear an orange bow in your hair that night?” Nicole asks.
“Well,” Diane D says, “when I was about to walk out my family’s house that night, the Dianettes stopped me right at the front door and said, ‘Wait a minute Diane, we can’t let you go out there without this matching bow in your hair.‘  They had an orange bow in their hand waiting for me, that’s when they put the orange bow at the bottom of my braid.  Once they put the orange bow on my braid, I walked out the front door, got in my car and drove to work at the hospital.”
“And that was the same night those two hospital employees claimed you kung fu kicked the storage room door?”
“Yeah that was the same night.”
“Wow,” the audience says.  
“Well I think it is so cute how the Dianettes want to put bows in your hair Diane D,” Nicole says.  “What about the sketch and painting of you laying on the floor inside the jail cell?  I see you’re wearing what looks like a white turtleneck shirt in the sketch and painting.  Is that what you were wearing the day you got arrested for beating and attacking the security guards and police officers?” 
“Yes I was wearing a white shirt that day,” Diane D says.
“You remember what you were wearing that day too?”
“Yes I do.”
“How did whoever drew that sketch of you and made that painting of you know exactly what you were wearing inside the jail cell?  Did they see you inside there?”
“No.  The correction officers saw me and remember what I was wearing that day and they described what I was wearing to the sketch artist and paint artist.”
“The correction officers described what you were wearing to the sketch artist and paint artist too?”
“Yes they did.  So whatever the correction officers described to the sketch artist and paint artist, that’s what the sketch artist and paint artist are going to wind up drawing and painting on my image.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“What about that ‘Body and Soul’ painting of your physical body sitting on the floor in a meditated state while your soul or spirit is coming out of it?” Nicole asks.  “It looks like your soul or spirit is creeping away from your physical body ready to sneak off somewhere.”
“It does,” the audience says.
“How did whoever did that painting, know to put that image like that?”
“Because the doctors and the authorities started asking my family questions after my family claim to them that they have accidentally walked in on me several times and caught me sitting on the bedroom floor meditating,” Diane D says.  “The doctors and the authorities wanted to know from my family, what do my family see when my family walk in on me and catch me meditating.  My family told the doctors and the authorities that they would see me sitting on the bedroom floor in a meditated position inside a dimly lit bedroom.  Then the doctors and the authorities wanted to know, how do I look like while I’m sitting on the bedroom floor meditating.  My family told the doctors and the authorities that I look like I’m in some hypnotic state of trance with my eyes half closed staring into space.  They told the doctors and the authorities that my body is there, but my mind, soul or spirit don’t seem to be there at all because they said whenever they wave their hands back and forth to me trying to get my attention, I do not respond to them.  They told the doctors and the authorities that it doesn’t even look like I see or notice them in the room with me because I seem to look right through them as if they aren‘t even there.”
“That’s what your family told the doctors and the authorities?”
“That‘s right.”
“That’s what that little boy Marcus claim to authorities too.  Do you remember seeing your family entering the room waving their hands back and forth to you while you’re meditating?”
“No I don’t remember seeing them.”
“You don’t remember seeing them in the room with you at all?”
“No.”
“Do you remember yourself being in a hypnotic trance with your eyes half closed staring into space?”
“At times because my soul or spirit would be on the outside of my physical body looking back at my physical body while my physical body is still sitting on the floor in a meditated position just like in the painting.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“So according to my family‘s description of how I look like while I‘m on the floor meditating, the doctors and the authorities started having ideas of how I might look like while I’m sitting on the floor meditating.  They got a paint artist to paint a picture of how my physical body might look like while my physical body is sitting on the floor in a meditated position, then they got the paint artist to paint an image of how my soul or spirit might look like while my soul or spirit is walking away from my physical body leaving it looking back at it.  After it’s all done, this painting winds up being the result.”
“Wow,” the audience says as they frighteningly stare at the large BODY AND SOUL painting of Diane D‘s soul or spirit creeping away from her physical body with her spiritual head turned around looking back at her physical body while her physical body is left on the floor in a meditated position in a state of trance.  “That is so scary and creepy,” the audience members say.
“It is,” other audience members say. 
“Wow Diane D,” Nicole says. “Even though those images are creepy, I think they are so remarkable and so uncanny.”
“They are,” the audience says.
“I love those images of you Diane D.  Even though they give me the creeps, I still love them and I think they’re brilliant and I think you are so wonderful.”
“Thanks Ma‘am,” Diane D says.
“You’re welcome.”  Nicole steps away from the microphone as the audience claps.  A younger black woman steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the young woman and says, “Yes Miss.”
“Hi Diane D,” the young woman says.  “Diane D, I love that photo of you balancing your entire body two feet off the ground with your arms straight and your hands on the ground with your feet appearing to be rested on top of a bench.  I notice that you’re smiling in that photo Diane D.  That seems to be the only image up there of you smiling.  Since you’re smiling in that photo, you don’t appear to be angry or in any state of trance or anything like that.  You seem to be happy, awake and alert and seem to know what is happening and what is going on around you.  Since you don’t remember doing any balancing acts or any levitations during your ‘Illusions Of Zero Gravity’ performance in Germany, do you remember doing that balancing act in the photo of you smiling?”
“Yes I remember doing that.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do.”
“Wow.  Where was that photo shot at?  Was it shot in Germany?”
“No it wasn‘t.  That photo was shot right here in a park in New York.”
“It was?”
“Yes it was.  It was shot while me and the Dianettes were rehearsing for ‘The Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance.”
“You and the Dianettes were rehearsing for the ‘The Illusions of Zero Gravity’ performance in that photograph?”
“Yes we were.  The photographer wanted to get shots of us rehearsing, so that’s just one of the shots the photographer took.”
“It is?”
“Yes it is.”
“You didn’t rehearse at a dance studio?”
“Yeah we rehearsed at a dance studio too.  We rehearsed in both places, at a dance studio and at a park.”
“I see.  So you do remember doing that balancing act in that photograph of you smiling.”
“Yes I do remember doing this balancing act in the photograph of me smiling, the other images on the wall I don‘t remember.”
“Wow,” the audience says again.
“Well I like that photo of you smiling Diane D,” the woman says, “I think it’s a very lovely photo.  The other photos, paintings and sketches of you give me the creeps, because you seem to be angry in some of them.  Some of the other ones, you seem to be in a state of trance or something like that and you didn’t seem to know what was happening or what was going on around you.  I think those photos, paintings and sketches of you are so remarkable, even though they scare me, I think they are remarkable and I think you’re remarkable too.”
“Thanks Miss,” Diane D says.
“You’re welcome.”  The young woman turns and walks away from the microphone.  An Asian man around his late 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I and the rest of the staff members from the museums and exhibits were so inspired by all those frightening images of you on the front wall, that my staff approached your family earlier and offered to make wax figures out of the frightening images of you and place those wax figures inside the horror division of a museum or exhibit, but my staff said your family declined that offer.  Why did your family decline that offer?”
“Because they said my alleged ordeals don‘t need to be on public display like that.”
“They did?”
“Yes they did.”
“How do you feel about that?”
“I feel the same way my family feels about it.  I don’t need my alleged ordeals on public display like that.”
“Wouldn’t you like to see yourself or an image of yourself in wax?”
“Maybe not like that,” Diane D says as she points at her images on the front wall.  The audience laughs a little.  
“Would you like to see yourself in wax at all?” the man asks.
“I never really gave it a thought.”
“You never?”
“No.”
“Not even a thought of having you and the Dianettes performing in wax?”
“No.  It never crossed our minds.”
“My staff said they also offered to make a wax figure of your cousin Dana too and place that wax figure inside the horror department of a museum also, but your family declined that offer too and said they would never allow a wax figure of yourself or a wax figure of your cousin Dana to be inside a horror department of a museum or exhibit.  Why would your family never allow that?”
“Because if you museum people put a wax figure of me and a wax figure of Dana inside the horror department, then what are you trying to say about me and her?!”
“I wasn’t trying to say anything about you and her.”
“So why choose the horror department for my and her wax figures then?”
“I don’t know.  The staff members and I thought it would be a good spot for your wax figures, that‘s all.”
“Well my family and I are not interested in having any wax figures of myself or any wax figures of Dana being on display inside the horror department, no thank you.”
“Okay.  Sorry.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A young white man around his late 20’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I would like to know, are you an endurance artist?”
“An endurance artist?”
“Yeah.”
“What do you mean?”
“With the stunts you do, like meditating, hypnotizing yourself, balancing your entire body in a horizontal position, balancing your entire body upside down, doing hand stands on one hand, doing hand stands on your fingertips, martial arts, traveling outside of your physical body and going to the spirit world and levitating.  I just want to know, are you an endurance artist.”
“No I don’t think I am.”
“You don‘t?”
“No.”
“Okay, thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A South American man around his late 30’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, being that you meditate and you’re able to do these out-of-this world things like hypnotizing yourself, having your soul or spirit travel outside of your physical body and go to the spirit world and you get these other supernatural powers like dragging several people at once, kung fu kicking that little boy Marcus a couple of feet in the air, kung fu kicking a stuck storage room door wide open knocking the door right off its hinges then did damage to the storage room and you’re able to levitate, it sounds to me like you deal with the dark side.”
“Oooohh,” the audience says.
“I would like to know, do you deal with the dark side?”
“What do you mean ‘dark side’?” Diane D asks.
“Do you worship the Devil?”
“Oooohh,” the audience says again.
“People have accused me of worshipping the Devil,” Diane D says.
“They have?” the man asks.
“Yes they have, and the answer to that question is ’no’, I do not worship the Devil.”
“You don‘t?”
“No I don‘t worship the devil, and do you know why I don‘t worship the Devil?”
“No I don’t.  Why?”
“I don’t think there is a such thing as the Devil.”
“What!” the audience shouts.
“You don’t believe there is a Devil?” the man asks.
“No I don’t,” Diane D says.
“What?!” the audience shouts.  “How can you not believe that?!” 
“But the Bible says there is a Devil Diane D,” the man says.  “Do you believe in God?”
“If my family’s organization started in the churches and we perform the organization in the churches and we’re planning to build more churches, that should tell you right there that I believe in God,” Diane D says.
“But you don’t believe there is a Devil.”
“Not really.”
“Oooohh,” the audience says.
Diane D looks at the audience and shouts, “Hey!  Everybody has a right to their own beliefs!  Now if you all believe that there is a Devil, then fine, that‘s your belief!  I’m just saying I don’t believe there is a Devil!”
“Then where do you think all the evilness and wrong doings that people do come from?” the man asks.  
“I believe we’re born that way.”
“You do?”
“Oh absolutely.”
“I see.  Well do you believe there is a Hell?”
“Yes I do believe there is a Hell.”
“You do?!”
“Yes I do, and do you know why I believe there is a Hell?”
“You‘ve probably seen it during your out-of-body experiences?”
“No that’s not why.”
“So why do you believe there is a hell then?”
“Because I believe we‘re in Hell right now, I believe this world is Hell.”
“What!” the audience shouts.
“You believe this world is Hell?” the man asks.
“Yes I do,” Diane D says.
“How can you believe this world is Hell Diane D?!”
“Because what can be worst than this?!”
“Oooohh,” the audience says.”
“Wow,” the man says.  “So you don’t believe in the other Hell, the one that has the fire and brimstone with the Devil and pitch fork in it?”
“No I don‘t,” Diane D says.
“Wow,” the audience says.
“How does your family feel that you have doubts about the existence of the Devil or the other Hell?” the man asks.
“I don’t know how they feel about that,” Diane D says.
“Well do they believe there is a Devil or Hell?”
“My family do believe, that there ARE dark forces out there.”
“They do?”
“Yes they do.  They‘re not sure what those dark forces are, but they do believe in it.”
“But you don’t.”
“Not really.”
“Do you believe in Angels?”
“I don’t know, I’m not sure.”
“I see.  Well what about your cousin Dana?”
“What about her?”
“Does she deal with the dark side?  Does she worship the Devil?”
“No, Dana does not deal with any dark side or worship the Devil either.”
“She doesn’t?”
“No.”
“Does she believe there is a Devil?”
“I’m not sure if she believes there is a Devil.”
“You’re not sure?”
“No.”
“Does she believe there is a Hell?”
“I don’t know if she believes in that either.”
“You don’t?”
“No.  That subject is not something we really talk about.”
“You don’t talk about it?”
“No we don’t.”
“Do you two talk about religion at all?”
“Not with each other.  I talk about religion when my family and I do the organization at the churches, but it’s something I don’t talk about with Dana.”
“No?  Why not?”
“Because she’s not really into religion.”
“She’s not?”
“No she’s not.  She doesn’t want anything to do with religion.”
“What!” the audience shouts.
“She doesn’t?” the man asks.
“No she doesn’t,” Diane D says.
“Why not?  She‘s not an Atheist is she?”
“I don‘t know whether or not Dana believes in God or any religion at all.  But what does it matter to you whether she’s an Atheist or not?  As long as YOU take care of YOUR belief.  All I know, is that I respect her thoughts and opinions and not talk about religion with her.”
“Wow.  You know it’s so strange that your family DO believe that there ARE dark forces out there, but out of your family, only you and your cousin Dana don‘t believe in it, but yet only you two are the ones who meditate, seem to get these out-of-control behaviors that you don‘t remember and these superhuman strengths that you don’t remember and be possessed by other spirits or entities, not the rest of your family, the ones who actually DO believe that there are dark forces out there.”
“Ooooohh,” the audience says.
“I‘m just saying.  Thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A middle aged white man steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, you say that you don’t believe that you harmed that little boy Marcus inside the school hallway, nor do you believe that you kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open and did damage to it then did damage inside the storage room and you don’t believe that you levitated.   It sounds to me like you might be in some sort of denial of all the things you‘re accused of doing.  I would like to know, are you in denial of doing all those things you‘re accused of doing?”
“No I don’t think I’m in denial of those things if I actually don’t believe I committed those things.”
“Well you got sent to the Mental Institution for a reason.  Why do you think they sent you to the Mental Institution in the first place?”
“Because of what that little boy told them.  He claims I beat him up, I’m claiming I didn’t.  The doctors and the authorities chose to believe his word over mine, that’s why I got sent to the Mental Institution.”
“Maybe they chose to believe his word over your word because of your violent history.  You do have a violent history you know.”
“Yes that’s exactly why they chose to believe his word over mine because I got judged of my violent history which I have no memory of, but what else can I do?  All I can do, is just go on for the rest of my life and continue to be punished for things I don‘t remember ever doing.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Sorry you’re going through that,” the man says.
“Yeah me too,” Diane D says.
“Thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A heavy-set black man around his mid 30’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, have the hospital or the authorities ever charged you with kung fu kicking or damaging the storage room door or damaging the storage room?  Did they ever charge you for property damage?”
“No they haven’t charged me for anything yet because they’re still investigating on what might have happened to the storage room door and to the storage room.  The two hospital eye witnesses claim I did damage the storage room door and the storage room, I’m claiming I didn’t.  So right now, it’s their word against mines.”
“I see.  So is the hospital trying to fix the storage room door now or the storage room?”
“No they can’t do anything with the storage room door or with the storage room right now until the investigation is over.”
“I see.  So far right now, the storage room door and the storage room are still damaged?”
“Yeah.  I haven’t been by it lately, but my family have been by it lately and they told me that the storage room door and the storage room are still damaged.”
“They told you that?”
“Yes they did.”
“Wow.  What did you think of the storage room door and the storage room when the authorities first showed the storage room door and the storage room to you and your family?”
“It looked like a tornado had blasted right through that door and into the room.”
“It did?”
“Yes it did.”
“Wow.  What did you see or what do you remember seeing?”
“I saw the storage room door bent and the hinges broken with the door leaning and all the file cabinets practically turned upside down.”
“What!” the audience shouts.
“You saw the file cabinets turned upside down?!” the man asks.
“Yeah,” Diane D says.
“Wow,” the audience says.
“I heard that the file cabinets inside the storage room were very, very heavy and very tall like six feet tall!” the man says.  “You mean to tell me, that you saw six feet tall heavy file cabinets turned upside down?”
“I’m afraid I did.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“What do YOU think really happened to the storage room door and to the storage room?” the man asks.
“I don’t know what really happened to that storage room door and to the storage room sir,” Diane D says.  “As far as I know, I wasn’t there.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Okay thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A stocky black female reporter around her mid 50’s with a short black hair cut steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, you said you woke up one day and found yourself inside the Asylum, but you don’t remember going into the Asylum, you just woke up and found yourself in there.  You also said you felt intense pain all over your physical body when you woke up inside the Asylum because the staff there said you started throwing and slamming your body hard against the walls and the door, but you don’t remember doing that either.  How do you know for sure if they‘re telling the truth about you throwing and slamming your body hard against the walls and the door?  How do you know THEY didn’t take advantage of you and hurt you themselves, but claim that you hurt your own self knowing that you won‘t remember anything?”
“Because my family members were there.  My brother Nicolas and the rest of my family claim to have witnessed my out-of-control behavior inside the Asylum.”
“Your family witnessed it?”
“Yes they did.  They confirmed that I suddenly started getting out of control in there.”
“They confirmed it?”
“Yes they did.  They said no one was around me when I started throwing and slamming my body hard against the walls and the door.  They said I did it to myself.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  Do your family members get to stay with you at the Mental Institution and the Asylum?”
“Yeah.  My family won’t let me be in there without them.”
“They won’t?”
“No.”
“That’s good.  Who in your family gets to stay with you?”
“They all take turns.”
“They do?”
“Yeah.  Sometimes my mom and my grandma Margarita stay there with me.  Sometimes my Aunt Celeste and my grandma Gracy stay there with me, then other times I have both of my parents stay there with me, other times I have my grandma Margarita and my grandpa Tomas stay, other times I have my other set of grandparents my grandma Gracy and my grandpa Mike stay there with me, sometimes my brothers will stay there with me or my husband will stay there, my aunt Marilyn, my aunt Jean and my aunt Laura, but most of the time it‘ll be my mom and my grandma Margarita stay in there with me.  So there‘s always someone in my family staying there with me.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s good.  At least your family members get to be in there with you and keep an eye on you to make sure nothing goes wrong.  Okay thank you.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  An Indian male reporter around his late 40’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I heard that a lot of people had got so curious about your meditation, that they want to come to your family’s house to see and witness for themselves first hand how you look like while you’re meditating.  I heard that people told your family, that the next time your family walk in on you and catch you meditating, they would like your family to call them right away, so your family can invite them right to their house and go up to your bedroom to catch and witness you meditating and hopefully snap pictures of you and take videos of you while you’re in a state of trance, but your family told the people ‘no’ because they said first of all, they do not invite the public to their house, second, they said they would never allow people to impose or invade on your private moment or your private space.  The people were still anxious to see you meditating and being in a state of trance that they even offered to pay your family big bucks to come to their house to go up to your bedroom to see and witness you being in a state of trance.  I heard that there would lines right outside of your family’s house going all the way around the corner of people anxious and curious to witness you being in a state of trance, but your family still declined that offer because they said even if they DID allow for people to come see you while you’re in a state of trance, it might not be safe for the people because your family is so afraid, that once the people step foot anywhere inside their house or into your bedroom, your physical body would suddenly sense strangers or non-family members in the house or room with it, then get up off the floor and attack the strangers and non-family members by giving them kung fu kicks to the head and not know or realize it, just like you didn’t know or realize that your physical body tried to kung fu kick that contractor that was working inside your family’s house, just like you didn’t know or realize that your physical body tried to go downstairs after the window guy that was working inside your family’s kitchen, just like you didn’t know or realize that your physical body practically kung fu kicked that guy’s head off in the dance studio locker room breaking his neck and knocking him out cold while you were in a state of trance causing him to be paralyzed, just like you didn’t know or realize that your physical body kung fu kick those security guards and police officers injuring a few of them for life while you were in a state of trance, just like you didn’t know or realize that your physical body was trying to attack the correction offers inside the jail cell, just like you didn’t know or realized that your physical body punched and bent that ten feet pole inside the jail cell while you were in a state of trance, just like you didn’t know or realize that your physical body allegedly kung fu kicked that little boy Marcus two feet in the air inside that school hallway while you were in a state of trance, just like you didn’t know or realize that your physical body allegedly kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open bending the door knocking it right off its hinges while you were in a state of trance, just like you didn’t know or realize that you kung fu kicked those security guards on the stage in Germany while you were in a state of trance.  I mean the list goes on and on!  Someone suggested to your family, that if they allow the public to come to your room to witness you meditating, your family should put a fence or gate around your physical body while your physical body is in a state of trance to keep the spectators safe, that way your physical body won‘t be able to harm the spectators if your physical body suddenly senses strangers in the house or in the room, but your family still told the people ‘no’ that they will not put you on public display like that, but people still want to see you meditating with their very own eyes Diane D.”
“The people in Germany already witnessed me meditating with their very own eyes sir.”
“Wow.  That was a very unfortunate incident for them.  But are you willing to teach your meditation skills inside a classroom or studio?”
“No because my family don‘t trust me doing meditation in front of people.”
“They don’t?”
“No.  They said they don‘t want the chaos that happened in Germany to repeat itself.”
“So there is no chance for spectators to come to your house to witness you meditating and being in a state of trance?”
“No.”
“Okay, thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A young white woman around her late 20’s with light brown shoulder length hair steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Miss.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, you mention that your family accidentally walks in on you sometimes and catch you meditating in your bedroom, right?”
“Right.”
“I would just like to know, do you live with your family?”
“Yes I do live with my family.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do.”
“How come?”
“Because whenever I come out of jail or come out of the Mental Institution, I be placed into my family’s custody.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do.”
“I see.  Where does your family live?”
“My parents and my maternal grandparents which are my grandma Margarita and my grandpa Tomas live up in Westchester County.”
“They live in Westchester?”
“Yes they do.”
“Wow, Westchester is very nice.  What part of Westchester?”
“Close to Putnam County.”
“Close to Putnam County?”
“Yeah.  And my dad’s family which are my grandma Gracy and my grandpa Mike live in Queens.”
“They live in Queens?”
“Yeah.”
“I see.  Which family members do you live or stay with?”
“Sometimes I live and stay with my parents and my maternal grandparents up in Westchester, and sometimes I stay with my paternal grandparents in Queens.  I go back and forth between my two sets of grandparents.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do because both sets of grandparents have custody of me.”
“They do?”
“Yes they do.”
“I see.  Where does your husband stay?”
“He stays with me and my family.”
“He does?”
“Yes.”
“So when you and your husband stay with your parents and grandparents in Westchester, that means y’all have three generations living in the same house?”
“Yes we do.”
“Wow, that’s nice.  Is it a two-family home or three-family home?”
“It’s a one-family mansion.”
“A one-family mansion?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, that sounds real nice.  How many rooms does your family’s mansion have?”
“We have a lot of rooms.”
“You all do?”
“Yes we do.”
“Wow that’s nice.  Which side of the family walks in on you while you’re meditating, is it your parents and maternal grandparents in Westchester or your paternal grandparents in Queens?”
“Both sides of the family would walk in on me while I’m meditating.”
“Both sides of your family?”
“Yeah.”
“You don’t lock the bedroom door?”
“No, I have to keep it unlocked for emergency purposes.”
“Emergency purposes?”
“Yeah.  I usually have a couple or a few lit candles on the floor in front of me while I’m meditating.”
“You have candles on the floor while you’re meditating?”
“Yes I do, so I have to keep the bedroom door unlocked for safety reasons just in case something goes wrong that I‘m not aware of, then my family will be able to come into the room and stop it.”
“You mean just in case a fire breaks out or something like that?”
“Yeah.”
“I see.  Do your family see you being in a state of trance when they walk in on you?”
“That’s what they tell me.”
“Do you see them?”
“No, I don‘t remember seeing them.”
“You don’t remember seeing them at all?”
“No.   They see me, but I don’t see them.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Okay, thank you,” the woman says.  She then steps away from the microphone.  A white man around his late 20’s with dark shoulder length hair and a slight beard steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, in that close up photo of your eyes and that close up photo of your face being in a state of trance, who snapped those photos?”
“My aunt Marilyn snapped the photos of my eyes and face while I was sitting on the floor meditating.”
“Your aunt Marilyn snapped the pictures of your eyes and face while you were meditating?”
“Yeah.”
“How close was she to you, when she snapped those photos of your eyes and face?”
“Very close.”
“Oooohh,” the audience says.
“She didn’t zoom the camera in on you?” the man asks.
“No she didn‘t,” Diane D says.  “She told me she and my cousin Charlotte, who’s her daughter, sat down on the floor right in front of me, held the video camera right at my face for a while and took a video of my face while I was meditating.”
“Your aunt and your cousin sat down on the floor in front of you and took a video of your face while you were on the floor meditating?”
“Yeah.  Then my aunt Marilyn snapped the picture of my face.”
“Your aunt snapped the picture of your face right after she and your cousin took a video of it?”
“Yeah.  Then she and my cousin held the video camera closer to my face and held the video camera right at my eyes, then took a video of my eyes.”
“They took a video of your eyes while you were in a state of trance?”
“Yeah.    Then my aunt snapped the picture of my eyes.”
“Your aunt snapped the picture of your eyes right after she and your cousin took the video of it?”
“Yeah.”
“How were your aunt and your cousin even able, to risk getting close to your physical body while your physical body was in a state of trance, when we just heard that your family say, it might not be safe for spectators to even step foot into your house or into your bedroom while you‘re in a state of trance?”
“That’s right,” the audience says.
“Weren’t your aunt and your cousin in danger of your physical body getting up off the floor kung fu kicking them in the face or head causing them to bleed or be paralyzed, just like your physical body did to that guy in the locker room and to those security guards on stage in Germany and tried to do to those contractors that were working inside your family’s house?”
“I guess my aunt and cousin weren’t in danger,” Diane D says.  “I didn’t see or hear of them being attacked or hurt by my physical body.”
“You didn’t?”
“No.  They seemed absolutely fine when they showed the videos and pictures of my eyes and face to me the next day.”
“They did?”
“Yes they did.   I didn‘t see them hurt or bruised at all.”
“You didn‘t?”
“No.  They told me they even moved some of my hair out of my eyes and face and placed my hair right behind my shoulders before they took the videos and snapped the pictures of me.”
“They moved your hair out of your eyes and face and placed your hair behind your shoulders?”
“That’s what they said.”
“You don’t remember them doing that?”
“No I don’t.”
“You didn’t see them at all?”
“No, I don’t remember seeing them.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“They were very LUCKY that your physical body didn’t attack them!” the man says.  “Why were your aunt and your cousin spared from being attacked by your physical body?   Your physical body would only attack strangers in the house or room, not family members?”
“I don‘t know.  As far as I know, none my family members has ever been attacked by my physical body while my soul or spirit was away from it.”
“None of them?”
“As far as they know and as far as I know, none of them.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“My family claim the most my physical body ever did with them while my soul or spirit is away from it, was drag several of them all at once.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“My God,” the man says.  “What did you think of the videos and pictures of your eyes and face in a state of trance when your aunt and cousin showed the videos and pictures to you the next day?” 
“I thought it was odd,” Diane D says.
“You thought it was odd?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  How did the pictures of your eyes and face wind up on the front wall?”
“The hotel asked me is it alright if they put the pictures of my eyes and face on the front wall.  I told them ’go ahead’ and they put the pictures on the front wall.”
“Wow.  What do your family think about seeing you meditating?  What do they think about seeing you in a state of trance?  Do they get freaked out by it?”
“I don‘t really know.”
“Wow.  I know I would get freaked out by it if I was them.  I don’t know if that’ll be something I would ever want to see.  And if those spectators are willing to line up right outside of your family’s house to go up to your bedroom to witness you meditating and being in a state of trance, you don’t have to worry about me EVER being on that line because I would not risk going anywhere near your physical body while you‘re in a state of trance.  I would rather stay far away from your physical body while you’re in a state of trance because I do not want to wind up with a broken neck.”
“Ooooohh,” the audience says.
“Thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone as the audience claps and cheers.  A black man around his mid 30’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, that little boy Marcus claimed to the authorities, that when you went into a state of trance inside that school hallway that night and attacked him, he said your facial appearance had changed.  He claimed that your eyes got so swollen inside that school hallway and were getting puffier and puffier, which almost made you look like a completely different person.”
“Oooohh,” the audience says.
“He said your behavior even changed from when he first saw you laughing and smiling on that third floor school hallway with your family to when you became vicious and attacked him.  He said after you went into this state of trance, it seemed and felt like he was up in that dark isolated school hallway with someone else instead of you.”
“Oooohhh,” the audience says.
“Your eyes even appear to be puffy and swollen in those photos on the front wall.  It kind of gives me the creeps because you do sort of look like a different person.”
“Oooohh,” the audience says.
“Do your eyes always get more puffy and swollen whenever you get into a state of trance?”
“That‘s what my family tells me,” Diane D says.
“Your family told you that?”
“Yes they did.”
“You don‘t get to see or remember your eyes being more puffy and swollen while you‘re in a state of trance?”
“Not really.  Only when my soul or spirit steps outside of my physical body and I turn around and look back at my physical body, I see my physical eyes being puffy and swollen.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do.  While I‘m inside my physical body, I don‘t see it.”
“You don’t?”
“No.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Have you tried looking at your physical face in the mirror to see it?” the man asks.
“The mirror is right there in front of me while I‘m meditating,” Diane D says.
“It is?”
“Yes it is.  When I see my reflection in the mirror, I don’t see my physical eyes being puffy or swollen.”
“You don’t.”
“No I don’t.”
“Wow,” the man and the audience say.  
“So if your soul or spirit is outside of your physical body and the mirror is right there, do you look into the mirror while your soul or spirit is outside of your physical body?” the man asks.  “What do you see when you look in the mirror?  Do you see the reflection of your soul or spirit in the mirror?  I mean does your soul or spirit casts a reflection in the mirror?”
“I don‘t know,” Diane D says.  “I don’t really pay attention to the mirror while my soul or spirit is outside of my physical body.”
“You don‘t?”
“Not really.”
“Oh, I see.  Okay thank you.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A Philippine man around his mid 30’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, you don’t seem to remember a lot of the things that you have done.  For example, you said you don’t remember the part of your performance after your meditation, but say you remember the part of your performance before your meditation.  So since the part of you spinning your body around then doing kung fu moves and kick-boxing moves happened just before you got down on the floor with your legs in a split position to meditate, that means you remember doing that part right?”
“Yes I remember doing that part.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do.”
“Wow, I thought those were fantastic moves you were doing Diane D, I really like that part.  The other parts you did after your meditation were fantastic too, but it gave me the creeps.  But you do remember the kick boxing moves?”
“Yes I remember them.  After I started to meditate, I remember nothing else about my performance.”
“Wow,” the audience says.
“Okay, thank you,” the man says.  He then turns and steps away from the microphone.  A thick Latino woman around her mid 30’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, if these other souls spirits or entities enter into your physical body to take your soul‘s place for a while, I don’t blame them for doing that because you got a beautiful, gorgeous body!  You have a gorgeous face and you have beautiful hair!  I mean who wouldn’t want that?!  If I was a soul, spirit or entity, I wouldn’t mind entering your physical body either Diane D!  I wouldn’t mind trading physical bodies with you right now!  I would like my soul and spirit to enter into your physical body while your soul or spirit enters into my physical body, what do you say?  A trade off or even exchange?”  The audience laughs a little.
“People aren’t able to trade physical bodies like that Ma’am.  But I appreciate the compliment, thanks.”
“You’re welcome.  How did you get a physique like that in the first place?”
“Well I got if from my dad‘s side of the family, plus I‘ve been athletic all my life doing martial arts, gymnastics, dancing and a whole lot of other stuff.  Eventually it pays off.”
“I see. Wow.  Okay thank you.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  A white woman around her mid 60’s with dark hair and glasses steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman smiles and says.  “Diane D, you seem to have this certain glow coming from you.  Are you having a baby?”
“No I’m not having a baby.  But I was told all my life that I have a certain glow about myself.”
“You were?”
“Yes I was.  I don‘t have any babies yet.”
“I see.  So you’re not pregnant then?”
“No I’m not.”
“Do you want children or would you like to have children someday?”
“I can take it or leave it.  I’m not really in any rush to have children.”
“You’re not?”
“No.  Don’t get me wrong, I do love children.  I just don’t have the desire to have my own yet.”
“I see.  When will you have the desire?”
“I don’t know, I have no idea.”
“I see.  Okay thank you.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  A Latino woman steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, I would like to know, how many languages do you speak?”
“How many languages do I speak.  I speak two and a half languages.”
“Two and a half?”
“Yeah.  I speak English, Spanish and some French.”
“You speak some French?”
“Yeah.”
“How did you learn French?”
“Well I learned to speak French when my family’s organization spent some time in France, so I picked up on a lot of the language there.”
“You did?”
“Yes I did.  Plus I took up French courses in High School.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, you’re very multi-talented Diane D!  You sing, you dance, you choreograph dance moves, you do gymnastics, you do balancing acts, you do hand stands, you do flips, you do splits, you do martial arts, you do personal training, you sky dive, you dive into the ocean, you ride motorcycles, you meditate, you’re able to hypnotize yourself, your spirit can leave your physical body and travel to the spirit world, you levitate and you can speak multi-languages!  Wow!  I mean the list goes on and on!  I think you are very magnificent!”
“Thank you Ma’am.”
“You’re welcome.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  A young Hispanic woman with short curly hair steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, I just want you to know that I‘m one of your biggest fans.”
“Thanks Miss.”
“You’re welcome.  I just want to know, do you have nicknames for your fans?”
“Nicknames for my fans?”
“Yeah.”
“Nicknames like what?”
“Oh anything.”
“No, I don‘t have any nicknames for my fans.”
“You don’t?”
“No.”
“So what do you call your fans then?”
“I call them Ladies and Gentlemen.”
“Ladies and Gentlemen?”
“Yeah.”
“Well how about naming your fans after yourself and call them ‘Dianatics‘.”
“’Dianatics‘?”
“Yeah.  Since the Dianettes are already named after you, your fans can be named after you too and be called Dianatics.”
“Is that right?”
“Yeah.”
“No that’s okay Miss.  I’ll just stick to calling my fans Ladies and Gentlemen.”
“You don’t want to give your fans nicknames?”
“No.”
“Are you sure about that?”
“Oh I’m positive about that.”
“Oh.  I see.  I just thought I’d ask.  Okay thank you.”  The young woman steps away from the microphone.  Another young Hispanic woman steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Ma‘am.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, I’ve been trying to follow you on Social Media for a while, but I can’t seem to find you on Social Media anywhere.  Are you on Social Media or do you have a Social Media account?”
“No I‘m not on Social Media, I don‘t have a Social Media account.”
“You don’t?”
“No.”
“How come?”
“I just don’t have one, no reason.”
“Do you want a Social Media account?”
“If I wanted a Social Media account, I would have had one.”
“I see.  So since you don’t have a Social Media account, that means you don‘t want one.”
“Not really.”
“So how do you share things online with your family and friends?”
“I have an email account.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do, that’s how I usually share things online with my family and friends.”
“I see.  Well do you share your email address with your fans?”
“No I do not.”
“Why not?”
“Because I only share my email address with my family and friends, that‘s it.”
“Not with your fans?”
“No.”
“Well how can your fans follow you online then?”
“They can just go to my family’s organization’s web page and follow me there.  That’s also where we advertise our upcoming performances inside the churches, the Diaz-Davidson Bath Oil, the Dianettes’ clothing line and other stuff.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“I see.  Okay, I’ll check out your family’s organization’s web page.  Thanks for that information.”
“No problem.”  
The woman steps away from the microphone.  A white male reporter around his mid 40’s steps up to the microphone.
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, I just want to know, have you heard from or been in touch with the Punky Gurlz lately?”
“No I haven’t.”
“You haven’t?”
“No.”
“Would you collaborate with them if they ever ask you again?”
“No because the Dianettes are still not interested in me or themselves collaborating with the Punky Gurlz.  They don’t like the Punky Gurlz and the Punky Gurlz don’t like them.  I don’t need to add fuel to the fire by joining the Punky Gurlz and collaborating with them.  It will only get the Dianettes upset again and make things worse.  We don‘t need that drama in our lives.”
“I understand.  Okay thanks.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A white male reporter around his mid 60’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Mister.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, how do you feel about that reporter Felix Green’s suicide?  How do you feel that he killed himself?”
“I do not like to speak about Felix Green.”
“You don’t?”
“No.”
“You don’t have an opinion about him taking his own life?”
“Of course I have an opinion about that sir, but I keep that opinion between me and my family.  That’s something my family and I would talk about in the privacy of our own home, we don’t talk about that issue in public.”
“You don’t?”
“No.  Sorry.”
“That’s okay.  Okay thanks.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  A black female reporter around her mid 50’s with a short hair cut steps up to the microphone.
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Miss.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, I just want to ask you, how do the Dianettes feel about chasing down the Punky Gurlz on the highway attacking them at the airport injuring them, causing the Punky Gurlz to miss their flight?”
“I don’t know how they feel about that Miss.  They don’t talk about it.”
“They don’t?”
“No.”
“How do they feel that because of them, the Punky Gurlz’ concert in Paris had to be canceled?”
“I don’t know, they don’t talk about that either.”
“Well are they at least sorry about what they did to the Punky Gurlz causing them to miss their flight which caused their concert in Paris to be canceled?!”
“I don’t know if they’re sorry about that Ma‘am.  It doesn’t seem like they’re thinking about it.”
“It doesn’t?”
“No.”
“Well how does your cousin Dana feel about the three female police officers that she attacked and injured for life?  How does she feel knowing that she caused them not to be able to work anymore because of her actions?  How does she feel that she caused all three officers to be on Permanent Disability?”
“I don’t know how Dana feels about that Miss.  She doesn’t talk about it.”
“She doesn’t?”
“I‘ve never heard her talk about it.”
“She doesn’t at least talk about it with you?”
“No she doesn’t even talk about it with me.”
“Is she at least sorry about what she did to those female officers and what she caused?!”
“I don’t know if she’s sorry about that.  It doesn’t seem like she even thinks about it.”
“So none of the Dianettes nor your cousin Dana are sorry about their actions and what they caused?”
“I don‘t know, I can‘t speak or think for them.”
“Well if the Dianettes and your cousin Dana don’t seem to be sorry about their actions and what they caused, I would like to know, are you sorry about your actions and what YOU caused.”
“Oooooh,” the audience says.
“Me?” Diane D asks.
“Yes you,” the woman says.  “Are you at least sorry about the people you injured in the past?”
“Well of course I’m sorry about the people I supposedly injured.   Like I said earlier, I found my soul or spirit wandering the universe during those supposed altercations so therefore, I don’t remember injuring any of those people if I did do it.”
“Just like you don‘t remember the little boy you injured inside that school hallway that night and all the other things that you‘ve done in the past but don‘t remember?”
“Exactly.  Now if I did injure those people and damaged that storage room door at the hospital, I‘m sorry about that.”
“You are?”
“Yes I am.”
“I see.  Okay thank you.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  A young Asian woman steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Miss.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, is it true that your family’s organization is planning to relocate back to the Dominican Republic?”
“Yes it’s true.”
“How soon are you all planning to relocate back down there?”
“Maybe in about a year or two or three.”
“I see.  Will you continue to meditate while you’re in the Dominican Republic?”
“I don’t see why not.  I’ve been going back and forth between New York and the Dominican Republic all my life.  Being in a different place or country does not stop me from meditating.  You saw me meditating on stage in Germany in the video didn’t yuh?”
“Yeah,” the audience says.
“I mean where do you think I learned to meditate from in the first place?  I learned to meditate when my family and I traveled to Asia. I learned to meditate from the people over there.  So Asia is where I learned and started the two Ms, meditation and martial-arts.  So once I learned meditation and martial-arts in Asia, I brought the practice back home with me.”
“We all see,” the Asian woman smiles and says.  
“As a matter of fact, I have a photo of the teachers in Asia who taught me meditation and martial arts.”
“You do?”
“Yes I do.”  Diane D bends and reaches underneath the podium.  She pulls out a large photo.  She holds the photo up to the crowd and says, “These are three of the guys who taught me meditation and martial arts.”  In the photograph is an old picture of Diane D at the age of around 9 wearing dark blue pants, a dark blue long sleeved shirt with her hair in two long thick ponytails one ponytail hanging on each side of her head and chest, smiling and posing in the picture with 3 Asian men who are wearing martial arts suits as she stands on a stool between two of them, with one are around each of them and the third Asian man on his knees in front of Diane D with his arms folded as they all smile towards the camera.
“Wow.  Those were your teachers Diane D?”
“Yes three of them.”
“That’s interesting.  How old were you in that picture?”
“I was nine years old in this picture.”
“Wow.  How many teachers you had altogether?”
“I had so many teachers I can’t even count.  But these are three of the main ones who taught me meditation and martial arts.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  They seem to have taught you very well.  Do you still keep in touch with them?”
“Yeah I still keep in touch with them.”
“You do?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  How are they doing?”
“They’re doing great.  They’re still teaching meditation and martial arts in Asia.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.  I‘m planning to go back to Asia in the near future and study with them some more.”
“You are?”
“I sure am.”
“Wow.  Well I hope everything goes well when you go back to Asia and study with them again Diane D.  And I hope everything goes well when your family relocates your organization back to the Dominican Republic.”
“Thanks Ma’am.”
“You’re welcome.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  
Diane D bends back down and places the photo back down underneath the podium.  She bends back up and looks back towards the people again.  
A white male in his early 30’s with dark hair steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the man and says, “Yes Sir.”
“Hi Diane D,” the man says.  “Diane D, when that school hallway incident happened between you and that little boy Marcus, your grandmother Margarita told the authorities and the police that you were planning to write a book about your meditation and out-of-body experience called ‘Wandering the Universe‘, is it true?  And if it is true, are you still planning to write that book?”
“Yes I was planning to write a book about meditation and out-of-body experience called ‘Wandering the Universe’ and yeah, I would still like to write that book some time in the future.  I’m just not sure when though.”
“I see.  Well whenever the book comes out, I would be very interested in purchasing it and having it signed and autographed by you.“
“Thank you sir.”
“You’re welcome.”  The man steps away from the microphone.  An Indian female reporter around her late 30’s steps up to the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the woman and says, “Yes Miss.”
“Hi Diane D,” the woman says.  “Diane D, the two reporters who came to talk to you at your family’s organization claim, that you and your family are planning to be in the Dominican Republic soon.  Is that true?”
“Yes it’s true.”
“How long are you all planning to be down there when you go, for good or only temporary?”
“Temporary.  Like I said, we don’t plan to relocate down to the Dominican Republic for another two years.”
“Oh I see.  So when will you all go down there temporary?”
“In another two or three weeks.”
“How long will you all stay down there?
“For two or three weeks.”
“I see.  Okay thank you.”  The woman steps away from the microphone.  
Diane D looks at the crowd and says, “Okay everybody, it‘s time for me to wrap up now, the hotel is about to shut this room down.”
“Aaaahh,” the crowd says.
“But I appreciate each and everyone of you for coming out here to the hotel to listen to me and hear me speak out, trying to get my point across on these controversial issues surrounding me.  Thanks again.”
The crowd stands, claps and cheers. 
Diane D then grabs her water bottle.  She looks back at the crowd then turns and walks away from the podium as she waves bye to the crowd.  
“Bye Diane D!” the crowd shouts as they wave back to Diane D.
Diane D heads towards the front door.  
The crowd continues to clap and cheer as Diane D leaves out the front door.  

Outside the front door, Margarita, Mary, Barry, Tomas and the rest of Diane D’s family are all standing outside in the hallway surrounding Diane D chit-chatting and talking to her.  A few hotel workers approach Margarita.  They greet Margarita as she turns and gives them hugs.




















Chapter 36

The Mall Hoax


It is three weeks later.  Four men of different heritages, all around their mid to late twenties, are playing in a small band inside a house garage as they each play an instrument.  One of the guys Arty, a male white, turns to the others and says, “You know guys?  It would be real nice if our group had more exposure.”
“What do you mean more exposure?” Dave says.
“I mean we should start performing in public places again where more people can see us!   I mean how would our band get discovered if not too many people see us?  We already performed at the park last week where a small crowd of around twenty-five people gathered to watch us.  We have to get more exposure.”
“Yeah you're right Arty.  What should we do?”
“We should put out an advertisement.”
“Put out an advertisement?” Marlon says. “Put out an advertisement where?”
“In the newspaper.”
“In the newspaper?  You know how much it costs to put an advertisement in the paper!  Even if we did advertise our band in the paper, nobody would still come to see us.  Nobody knows who we are!  We're not well known at all!  People wouldn't pay much attention to the ad anyway.”
“That's the point I'm trying to make!  Nobody knows who we are, yet.  We got to get people to know us!”
“How are we going to do that?”
“What if we say, we're gonna be an opening act for a well known singer or singing group?”
“Be an opening act for a well known singer or singing group?  You mean put out a lie?”
“Well it won't fully be a lie, we'll still perform.  When we put on an opening act for the well known singer or singing group and start performing, we'll just tell the crowd or audience that we just got word that the singer or singing group couldn't make it and won't be performing.  The crowd will be disappointed at first, but once they hear our band, they will forget all about that well known singer or singing group and just enjoy our band.”
“I don't like the sound of this Arty,” Ray says  “I don't think I'm gonna like us lying to the public like that.”
“It'll just be a small article in the newspaper. I'm sure not too many people will notice the small article anyway.  It's a chance I'm willing to take just so we can get more exposure.  Are you guys with me?”
Dave, Marlon and Ray look at each other puzzled, then back at Arty.  “Yeah I'm with you Arty,” Marlon says.
“Yeah, me too,” Dave says.
“So am I,” Ray says.  “Suppose you DO get big and famous behind this, I don’t want to be left out.”
“Great!” Arty says.
“So what well known singer or singing group were you thinking about putting in the ad?”
“I was thinking about maybe putting Diane D and The Dianettes in the ad.”
“What!” Dave, Marlon and Ray shout.  “Diane D and The Dianettes?!”
“From The Diaz-Davidson Organization?!” Marlon shouts. “Why do you want to use Diane D and The Dianettes' name?  Didn't Diane D and The Dianettes quit doing shows or concerts?!”
“Yeah,” Arty says.
“So why use their name and have Diane D's name be put in the papers again?!”
“Well Diane D has been in the headlines and articles a lot lately.”
“Don't you think she went through a lot already with her name constantly put in the papers?  The papers and media talking about her and the Dianettes' ‘Illusions Of Zero Gravity’ performance in Germany!  Especially about her levitation performance!  That's the reason why she quit doing shows and concerts in the first place!  And now you want to add her name to the headlines and articles again!  Just throw the fuel to the fire!”
“Well, I figure people might want to see Diane D and the Dianettes because of their 'Illusions Of Zero Gravity' performance.  Especially Diane D's levitation performance!”
“Arty, everybody knows that Diane D and The Dianettes had quit doing shows and concerts!  Everybody heard about it!  Even if Diane D and The Dianettes didn't quit doing shows and concerts, Diane D's family banned her and the Dianettes from ever doing that 'Illusions of Zero Gravity' performance again and the crowd won't be able to see that performance!  How are you going to pull this off in the paper?!”
“Well I know someone who works in one of the newspaper companies personally who can put Diane D and The Dianettes’ name in the ad for me. A few people would see and read the advertisement and think that Diane D and the Dianettes have changed their minds and decided to come back to do one last show.  People would be desperate to see Diane D and The Dianettes and would definitely want to come see them perform if they think Diane D and The Dianettes are gonna be performing one last show!”
“The person who works in the newspaper company would lie for you and do that?” Dave asks.
“Yeah, for a price.”
“How much?” Marlon asks.
“The same price it costs to put any ad in the paper.”
“You have that kind of money Arty?” Ray asks.
“Yeah.  I have a trust fund saved up for me since I was a kid.  I'll use some of that money to pay for the ad.”
“Wouldn't the newspaper want proof in order to print such a thing like that in the paper?” Dave asks.
“I'm gonna give them all the proof I can give them.”
“What are you planning to say in the ad?” Ray asks.
“I'm gonna place a small ad in the newspaper with a headline that says, 'The Hicks Band performs and opening act for Diane D and The Dianettes at the Staten Island Mall on Saturday May 12th.”
“What!” Marlon shouts.  “The Hicks Band performs and opening act for Diane D and The Dianettes at the Staten Island Mall on Saturday May 12th?  That's another three weeks from now!”
“I know.”
“Isn’t Diane D and her family out of town?” Ray says.  “Didn’t they go down to the Dominican Republic for a while?”
“Yep, they sure did!  That’s a good excuse to tell the crowd, that Diane D and the Dianettes couldn’t make it to the mall to perform tonight because they haven’t returned back from the Dominican Republic yet!  I think that’ll work!   So we better hurry and start calling up the newspaper if we want that ad in the paper.”  The rest of the guys worriedly look at Arty.  Arty looks at them and says, “Oh don't worry guys.  The ad will be very small.  It'll be in a small corner near the back of the newspaper that nobody in the Diaz-Davidson Organization will even see it!  I'm sure only two or three people in this entire planet will even see or notice the ad.  They'll spread the word to their family and friends.  By word of mouth, their family and friends will tell other people.  Then they'll all come to our performance.  It'll probably be only a hundred people or less there.  It shouldn't be more than that.  Let me get on the phone and start dialing.”  Arty gets on his cell phone.  He starts to dial a number.  He puts the cell phone to his ear and waits for several seconds.  He then speaks into the cell phone and says, “Hello?  Is this the local newspaper?  Well I would like to speak with an employee there named Eddie Thompson..... Is he there?  ..... Can I speak with him?  ....  Sure, I'll wait.  ......  Hello Eddie?  .... Yeah Eddie what's up, this is Arty.  ....  I'm okay man.  …..  Listen Eddie, I need a special big favor from you.  ....  Yes, a big, big favor.  I need you to print a certain advertisement for my band. ..…”  Dave, Marlon and Ray worriedly look at Arty.

Three days later, Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray are on a sidewalk at a news stand.  Arty picks up a newspaper copy as Dave, Marlon and Ray stand around him looking at the newspaper.  “Let's hope it's printed in here,” Arty says.  Arty opens the newspaper all the way near be back.  He, Dave, Marlon and Ray look and see a small article in the corner of the page with a headline that reads: THE HICKS BAND PERFORMS AND OPENING ACT FOR DIAND D AND THE DIANETTES AT THE STATEN ISLAND MALL ON SATURDAY MAY 12.  “They printed it!” Arty excitingly shouts.  “Oh my goodness, they printed it!”
“I can't believe this?!” Dave shouts.  “The paper actually did print this!  So what do we do now?!”
“We better start getting ready to play in three weeks!”
“Man I hope it works out Arty!”
“Yeah me too. Let's keep our fingers crossed.”  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray are nervous and excited.

It is three weeks later, Saturday May 12th.  The mall is packed with shoppers.  There is a stage in the mall.  There are several instruments on the stage.  Everybody is surrounding the stage with excitement.  Several yards away from the stage are seven tall larger than life size photos.  Each photo has a picture of either Diane D or one of the Dianettes on it.  The tall photo on the far right has a picture of Bernice dressed in her black ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ dance outfit as she peers from behind a pole looking out in the distance with the illusion of the lower half of her body being see through.  The tall photo on the left side of it has a picture of Charlotte dressed in her black ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ dance outfit as she sits on the ground with her knees up to her chest with the illusion of the lower half of her body being see through.  Underneath both photos is one long sign that reads: ‘THE DISAPPEARING LADIES‘.  The tall photo on the left side of Charlotte’s has a picture of Diane D dressed in her black ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ dance outfit with one knee up to her chest, the opposite hand raised and her head up with the illusion of her levitating in a vertical position off the stage as she looks up towards the sky with her eyes half closed and eyeballs practically hidden behind her eyelids appearing to be in a state of trance.  Underneath her photo is a sign that reads: ‘THE FLY GIRL‘.  The tall photo on the left side of Diane D’s has a picture of Miranda dressed in her black ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ dance outfit as she is high up near the top of a wall clinging her chest to the wall with the illusion of her holding and hanging on to the top of the wall with her chest, arms, hands and legs as she looks up towards the ceiling on top of her.  The tall photo on the left side of Miranda’s has a picture of Lonna dressed in her black ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ dance outfit as she is high up near the top of a wall clinging her back to the wall with the illusion of her holding and hanging on to the top of the wall with her back, arms, hands and legs as she looks out in the distance.  Underneath both photos is one long sign that reads: ‘THE SPIDER GIRLS‘.  The tall photo on the left side of Lonna’s has a picture of Kelly dressed in her black ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ dance outfit as she is kneeled on the floor with the illusion of her holding and carrying a refrigerator on top of her back with her arms and hands spread out underneath the refrigerator holding it up as she looks out in the distance.  The tall photo on the left side of Kelly’s has a picture of Nancy dressed in her black ‘Illusions of Zero Gravity‘ dance outfit as she has her chest, arms and hands laid down to the floor with her lower body upside down in the air with legs up with the illusion of her knees, lower legs and feet holding and carrying a vehicle with her knees, lower legs and feet underneath the vehicle holding it up as she looks out in the distance.  Underneath both photos is one long sign that reads: ‘THE WONDER WOMEN‘.  
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray stand on the side looking at the photos stunned.  They see around several hundred people near the large photos of Diane D and the Dianettes staring up at the photos.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray then look at the stage.  They see around a thousand people at and around the stage.  Arty nervously turns to Dave, Marlon and Ray and whispers, “Man this crowd is bigger than I expected!”  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray see some people wearing T-shirts that read: 'DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' THE SUPER SEVEN.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray see a bunch of other people wearing yellow and green T-shirts that read: 'THE DISAPPEARING LADIES' Two Dianettes seem to vanish into thin air!  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray see a bunch of other people wearing pink or blue T-shirts that read: 'THE SPIDER GIRLS' Two Dianettes seem to defy gravity as they climb a bare wall then crawl across a bare ceiling!  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray see a bunch of other people wearing red or orange T-shirts that read: 'THE WONDER WOMEN' Two Dianettes seem to defy gravity as they lift heavy objects and vehicles into the air!  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray see a bunch of other people wearing purple or white T-shirts that read: 'THE FLY GIRL' Diane D seems to defy gravity as she levitates and floats in thin air!  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray see a bunch of other people holding flowers with ribbons around it that say: DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES!  THANKS FOR DECIDING TO PERFORM FOR US AGAIN!  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray also see a bunch of people cheering as the people hold and wave banners high in the air that read: 'DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' THE SUPER SEVEN!  THANKS FOR DECIDING TO COME BACK!  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray then see a middle aged black man and a very large group of family members wearing T-shirts that read: 'THE DISAPPEARING LADIES' 'THE SPIDER GIRLS' 'THE WONDER WOMEN' AND ‘THE FLY GIRL'  The middle aged black man and the large group of family members approach a group of young people.  The group of young people are also wearing different colored T-shirts that read: 'THE DISAPPEARING LADIES' 'THE SPIDER GIRLS' 'THE WONDER WOMEN' 'THE FLY GIRL'.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Steve overhear the man talk to the young people saying to them, “Excuse me, but is Diane D and The Dianettes supposed to be here today?”
“Yeah that's what the radio said,” the young man says.
“Oh yeah?  My son said he heard it from the radio station too.”
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray puzzled look at each other then back at the people as they overhear a young woman says, “Yeah I heard it from the radio too.”
“You did?” the young man asks.
“Yeah. I remember a few weeks ago, one of the DJs on the radio mentioned on the air that he spotted a small advertisement in the back of a newspaper about the Hicks Band performing an opening act for Diane D and The Dianettes at the Staten Island Mall.  That's how I found out about it.  Then I told my family and friends about it.  Then my family told their friends.  Then their friends told their family and everybody else, then everybody else told their families and friends.”
“Yeah my son heard it on the radio three weeks ago too,” the older man says.  “Then he told me and the rest of my family about it.  Then me and my family told everybody else.  Then everybody else told their families and friends too.  We were all saying that we thought Diane D and The Dianettes had quit doing shows and concerts and were only gonna do shows at their church when they opened it in the Dominican Republic.  Then we all thought well maybe Diane D and The Dianettes changed their minds and decided to do one last show.  That's when we all decided why don't we come here to the Staten Island Mall to see for ourselves if Diane D and The Dianettes are really going to be here!”
“Yeah we've been waiting impatiently for three weeks every since we heard about this!” the man’s wife says.  “We came all the way from Long Island to see this.”
“We came all the way from Upstate,” the young man says.  “My family decided to come here to see if it was true too if Diane D and The Dianettes were really going to be here, because we never heard anything more about it on the radio.”
“You didn‘t?” the older man asks.
“No. We only heard that advertisement on the radio that one time.  The DJ never mentioned about the ad again.”
“No?  Well I guess we all came to the right place to find out if Diane D and The Dianettes are really going to be here.”
“Yeah that's true,” the man‘s wife says.  “I think everybody else came here to find out too, to see if Diane D and The Dianettes are really going to be here after everybody heard they quitted performing in public for good.”
“I hope they be here,” the young man says.  “Boy I can't wait to see Diane D, if they're really going to be here!”
“Yeah me too!” the older man’s son says.  “I want to see The Dianettes!”
“I want to see the Dianettes too.  I would like to see them perform their 'Illusions Of Zero Gravity' performance that they did in Germany.  Especially Diane D's levitation performance.”
“Aren't they banned from doing that?” a young woman asks.
“Yeah that's what everybody heard. I was hoping Diane D and the Dianettes would take a chance of doing that performance one last time.”
“I don't think so. Diane D's parents and grandparents do not want anybody trying to sue their organization again!  That's why I don't think anybody is gonna be able to see that 'Illusions Of Zero Gravity' performance again.” 
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray look at each other stunned.  “My God,” Marlon says.  “Did you all hear that?  A DJ spotted the ad in the back of the newspaper and mentioned about it on the air!  People heard the ad on the air and told everyone else about it.  No wonder why this crowd is bigger than we expected!”
“It sure is,” Ray says.  “The information spread like wild fire.  All these people are expecting to see Diane D and The Dianettes, but Diane D and The Dianettes aren't even going to be here!  Diane D and The Dianettes have no idea this is going on!  What are we gonna do?”
“I don't know,” Arty says.  “My God look!  More people are showing up!”  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray look towards the Mall entrance.  They see a few hundred more excited people coming into the mall wearing T-shirts that say: DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' THE SUPER SEVEN!  THANKS FOR COMING BACK.  They see some people holding and waving banners high in the air that say: 'DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' THE SUPER SEVEN!  THANKS FOR COMING BACK.  They see other people holding and waving posters high in the air that say: 'DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' THE SUPER SEVEN IS BACK! as they try to get near the stage.  They see a bunch of other people wearing different colored T-shirts that read: 'THE DISAPPEARING LADIES' 'THE SPIDER GIRLS' 'THE WONDER WOMEN' AND 'THE FLY GIRL'.  They then see reporters, many photographers and the paparazzi coming into the mall with cameras and tripods.  They see the reporters, photographers and the paparazzi going towards the stage.  They overhear the reporters talk to the people in the crowd as one of the reporters says, “Excuse me, but is this the stage Diane D and The Dianettes are supposed to perform on?”
“I believe so,” another young man says.
“Are you sure?  Because everyone thought that Diane D and The Dianettes had quit doing shows or concerts.”
“Well I guess they decided to do one last show.  I see instruments on the stage.”
“But Diane D and The Dianettes don't play instruments, they sing and dance.”
“Well maybe those instruments belong to Diane D's husband's band,” a second reporter says.
“No. Diane D's husband's band have more instruments that.  I don't think those instruments belong to her husband's band.”
“Maybe that's the opening act's instruments, the Hicks Band.  After their opening act finish performing, then Diane D and The Dianettes are gonna come out on stage.”
“I hope so, because Madilyn Lewis is here,” the first reporter says.
“Madilyn Lewis?!” the crowd excitingly say.
“Madilyn Lewis is here!” a teenage girl asks.
“Yeah,” the first reporter says.  “And she wants to perform on stage with Diane D and The Dianettes.”
“Madilyn Lewis wants to perform on stage with Diane D and The Dianettes?!” a teenage boy asks.
“Well that's what she came here for.  She said as soon as she heard Diane D and The Dianettes were gonna be at the Staten Island Mall, she made plans that she was gonna come here and perform with them.  She and her husband Randy Coleman went backstage to try to meet Diane D and the Dianettes!”
“Randy Coleman is here too?!”
“Yeah.” 
“Will the Dianettes allow Madilyn Lewis to perform with them?” the second reporter asks.
“Madilyn Lewis says she doesn't think the Dianettes are gonna have a problem with her.  She says she know they'll accept her.  She thinks she will be able to perform with them and Diane D.”
“I hope so.  For her sake.”
The 1st reporter worriedly looks at the 2nd reporter, then turns to the photographers and shouts, “Okay, right this way guys!” The reporters, photographers and the paparazzi come closer to the stage and set up the cameras, pointing the cameras right towards the stage.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray look at each other puzzled.  They then look towards the entrance.  They see a few hundred more excited people coming into the mall wearing different colored T-shirts that say: DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES 'THE SUPER SEVEN', 'THE DISAPPEARING LADIES', 'THE SPIDER GIRLS', 'THE WONDER WOMEN' AND 'THE FLY GIRL'.  They see some people holding and waving banners high in the air that say: 'DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' THE SUPER SEVEN! 'THE DISAPPEARING LADIES', 'THE SPIDER GIRLS', 'THE WONDER WOMEN' AND 'THE FLY GIRL'.  They see other people holding and waving posters high in the air that say: 'DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' THE SUPER SEVEN as they shove each other trying to get near the stage.  “This is going to get ugly,” Marlon says.
“You bet it is!” Arty says.  “Madilyn Lewis is here!  She's one of the biggest stars in the world!  She’s planning to perform on stage with Diane D and The Dianettes!  After our performance is finished, this entire crowd and Madilyn Lewis are gonna be expecting Diane D and The Dianettes to come right out on that stage!  When Diane D and The Dianettes don't appear, the crowd and Madilyn Lewis are gonna be disappointed!”
“You said the crowd will get over it!”
“Yeah, but I didn't expected the crowd to be this big!  I certainly didn't expect reporters, photographers or the paparazzi to show up here!  I never expected a celebrity to come here and I never expected this to be mentioned on the radio!”
“Well you did say it yourself that Diane D has been in the headlines and articles a lot lately,” Dave says.  “That's probably why all these people came here.  They want to see her and The Dianettes in person!”
“Well if the DJ mentioned this advertisement on the air, then maybe word got out to someone in the Diaz-Davidson Organization and hopefully that person will spread the word to the rest of the Diaz-Davidson Organization’s attention and make plans for Diane D and The Dianettes to get here,” Ray says.  “Come on.  We have to get ready to perform.”  Ray, Arty, Dave and Marlon turn away and leave the area.

In the back area, R&B singer Madilyn Lewis, a slim black woman around her late 30’s with curly shoulder length hair, dressed in a long slim sparkling navy blue gown with long sleeves looks in a wall mirror and anxiously fixes her clothes.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray anxiously approach Madilyn Lewis and shout, “Madilyn Lewis!”  Madilyn Lewis anxiously turns around to Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray.  Arty shakes Madilyn Lewis' hand and shouts, “Nice to meet you Madilyn Lewis!”
“Same here,” Madilyn Lewis says,  “I see you guys are an upcoming band?  I didn't mean to invade on your parade.”
“That's okay Madilyn.  You're more than welcome to rain on our parade, but we didn't expect you or any celebrity to show up to our performance.”
“Well when I heard that Diane D and the Dianettes were gonna be here and perform, I jumped at the chance to meet them and perform with them!  I can't wait to meet them and perform with them!”
“That's good,” Arty nervously says.  “But what about what happened between the Dianettes and the Punky Gurlz?  The Dianettes refused to perform on stage with the Punky Gurlz or any other female performers.”
“I know about all of that, but I don't think the Dianettes are gonna have a problem with me.  I think I might have chemistry with Diane D and The Dianettes and they'll accept me.  I'll be able to perform with them.”  Madilyn Lewis excitingly turns and walks away.
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously stare towards Madilyn Lewis.  Arty then turns to Dave, Marlon and Ray and says, “I don't think I'm gonna like this.  I can't go on like this.”
“See?” Marlon says.  “See what one small lie can do?”  Arty worriedly looks at Marlon.  
A black male security guard approaches Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray and asks them, “Are you guys ready to perform?”  
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously look at the security guard as Arty says, “Yes we're ready.”  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray turn and leave the back area as the security guard follows them.

Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray come back out in the mall area near the stage.  They look at the crowd.  To their shock, they see more and more people have arrived.  They see the crowd growing and growing.  Arty turns to the security guard and says, “How many people are here in the crowd?”
“It looks like around a few thousand people,” the security guard says.
“A few thousand people?!”
“Yeah.  I think more are on their way.”
Arty turns away from the security guard and says to himself, “Oh Lord.”  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray go up on the stage.  The crowd claps and cheers for them.   Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray start to perform.  They are secretly nervous as they start to perform.

An hour later, Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray finish their performance as the crowd cheers and claps their hands.  Arty nervously goes to the microphone.  He then says, “Thank you.  Thank you all for being here.”  The crowd claps and cheers again.  Arty turns away from the microphone.  He, Dave, Marlon and Ray leave the stage as the crowd claps again.

Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray are in the back area.  They are nervous and tense.  The security guard approaches them and asks, “Is the main act ready to perform?”  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Steve nervously look at the security guard.  They nervously look at each other.  They look back at the security guard as Arty tells him, “No.  I don't think they're here yet.”
“Well the stage hands are going to get the stage ready for seven male dancers that are gonna dance for the crowd.”
“Seven male dancers?” Marlon asks.  “There're guys that are gonna dance on the stage?” 
“Yeah. They’re just gonna perform to hold the crowd.  Plus they said they want to get some exposure for their dance group.”  The security guard turns away and leaves as Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously stare at him.

Back out in the mall, a male announcer comes on the stage.  He makes an announcement and says, “Ladies and gentlemen we have another opening act!  The Riverside Dancers are going to perform a slow dance to Diane D and The Dianettes song 'Country Life - City People'!”  The crowd starts to cheer as the announcer shouts, “Ladies and gentlemen, here are the Riverside Dancers!”  Seven young black men in their mid to late twenties resembling male versions of Diane D and The Dianettes come on the stage as the crowd claps and cheers.  Slow music to 'Country Life - City People' starts to play.  The crowd screams and cheer as the seven guys start to do a slow dance to the music.  They imitate Diane D and The Dianettes dance moves as they dance in slow motion.

It is five minutes later.  The seven guys finish their performance.  The announcer comes back on stage and shouts, “Let's give it up again for the Riverside Dancers!”  The crowd screams and cheers again as the dancers bow, then walk off the stage.

Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray stand on the side behind the crowd.  The mall security guard approaches them again and asks, “Did the main act get here yet?”
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously look at the security guard.  Arty then says, “No, they still didn't show up yet.”
“No?  Well maybe they got caught up in traffic.  We‘ll wait for them.”  The security guard turns and walks away.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously look at him.  They then turn and look at the crowd.  They see the crowd has gotten even bigger.  They see the crowd waiting anxiously as the crowd look on at the stage.

It is thirty-five minutes later.  The crowd is still getting bigger!  They are waiting anxiously at the stage.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray remain on the side behind the crowd.  The male mall security guard approaches them again and asks, “Did the main act get here yet?”
“No they still didn't show up yet,” Arty says.
“No?  Well the stage hands are going to get the stage ready for them now.  That way the stage will be ready whenever they get here.”  The security guard turns and walks away.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously look at him.  They then turn and look back at the crowd.  They see the crowd still getting bigger.  They see the crowd continue to wait anxiously as the crowd look on at the stage.

It is another forty minutes later.  The crowd continues to wait anxiously as they look on at the stage.  Suddenly, a white male stage hand walks on the stage carrying two microphone stands, one in each hand.  The crowd becomes quiet as they anxiously watch the stage hand set the two microphone stands and line them in place.  Another white male stage hand walks on the stage carrying two microphone stands, one in each hand.  The crowd becomes excited as they watch the guy set the two microphone stands and line them in place near the other two microphone stands.  A third white male stage hand walks on the stage carrying two microphone stands, one in each hand.  The crowd becomes excited as they watch the guy set the two microphone stands and line them in place near the other microphone stands.  The crowd sees that there are altogether six microphone stands lined up on stage.  They anxiously watch the three guys line the six microphone stands across the stage.  The first stage guy turns to the other two guys and shouts, “We have six microphone stands!  We need one more mic!”
“One more mic!” the second guy shouts.
“One more mic!” the crowd anxiously shouts. The third guy turns and leaves the stage area. The crowd continues to watch anxiously.  Suddenly, the third guy comes back on the stage with a seventh microphone stand.  The crowd becomes more excited.  They start to scream and cheer as the third guy lines the seventh microphone stand next to the six microphone stands.  There are now seven microphone stands lined up on stage.  The stage hand guys turn to each other.  A white teenage boy turns around to his father and says, “Dad they got seven microphones up there!”
“Yeah!” the boy’s father says.  “That means Diane D and The Dianettes are really gonna be here!”  The boy, his father and the rest of the crowd look at the stage and watch anxiously as the three guys stand across the stage, studying the microphone stands positions.  A white stage woman comes on the stage and approaches the three guys.  She and the three guys stand across the stage studying all seven microphone stands' positions.  The stage woman turns to the three guys and says, “Doesn't she usually stand on the right side of the stage?”
“Most of the times,” the first stage guy says.
“So we gotta pull that microphone up,” the second stage guy says.  The stage woman points to the microphone stand on the far right. The third stage guy goes right to the microphone stand on the far right.  He moves the microphone stand on the far right up a foot.
The crowd becomes more excited and scream out, “Diane D!”  The woman and the three guys study all seven microphone stands' positions again. 
The second stage guy asks, “Doesn't she usually stand a little bit more further to the right?”
“I think so,” the first stage guy says.  The stage woman, the first stage guy and the second stage guy point further to the right.
“Further to the right!” the crowd shouts.  The stage woman and the stage guys turn to the crowd as the crowd shouts, “Further to the right!”  The stage woman and the stage guys look back towards the microphone stand as the third stage guy moves the microphone stand on the far right a little further to the right as the crowd becomes excited again.  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously look at each other as Marlon says, “We are in troublllle.”  Arty, Dave and Ray nervously look at Marlon.  They then nervously look back at the stage and the crowd.

Uncle Charles is driving in a car in Staten Island as Aunt Mindy sits in the passenger seat beside him.  They are driving on a street leading right to the Staten Island Mall.  Uncle Charles and Aunt Mindy look at the traffic.  “Why is there so much traffic here today?” Uncle Charles asks.
“I don't know,” Aunt Mindy says.  “It looks like all this traffic is going towards the mall.”
“Towards the mall? Why is all the traffic going to the mall?  It's not usually like this.”
“I know. Maybe there's something special going on at the mall today.”  Uncle Charles and Aunt Mindy continue to ride and look on at the traffic. Aunt Mindy suddenly becomes stunned as she looks out the window.  “Wait a minute Charles,” she says.  “Look at all those people walking towards the mall!  Look at the signs they're all carrying!”  Uncle Charles and Aunt Mindy look at the people walking towards the mall.  They see a heavy crowd of people holding and waving signs and banners high in the air that read: 'DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES, PERFORMING AT THE STATEN ISLAND MALL!  THE SUPER SEVEN IS BACK!  THANKS FOR COMING BACK!'. They see a bunch of people wearing different colored T-shirts that read: THE DISAPPEARING LADIES, THE SPIDER GIRLS, THE WONDER WOMEN AND THE FLY GIRL.   Uncle Charles and Aunt Mindy are shocked and stunned as they shout, “What!”
“What in the world is going on here?!” Uncle Charles shouts.  “What do those signs mean Diane D and The Dianettes are performing at the Staten Island Mall?!  Diane and the girls aren't performing anywhere!  They quitted performing in public places!”
“And I don't even know if they all came back from the Dominican Republic yet!” Aunt Mindy shouts.  “What the heck are these signs talking about?!”
“I have no idea Mindy!  Margarita or Tomas never said a word to us about this!”
“They sure didn't!  We gotto find out what the heck is going on here!  I better call Mary and Barry's cell phone right now and have a talk with them!”  Aunt Mindy continues to look at the signs and banners.  She angrily goes into her purse and pulls out her cell phone.  She dials a number on the cell phone.  She waits for a few seconds.  She then speaks into the phone and says, “Hey Barry!  It's me Aunt Mindy!  How are you?”
“I'm fine Aunt Mindy,” Barry says from the other end of the phone.  “How are you?”
“I'm fine too.”
“That's good.  How's Uncle Charles?”
“Uncle Charles is doing fine too.”
“That's good.  So what's going on with you two?”
“That's what I want to find out about you Barry, what's going on with you?”
“Me?  Nothing much Aunt Mindy.  Mary and I are just trying to get these dishes done so we can head to the organization.”
“Dishes done?  What dishes?”
“Dishes at home.”
“Dishes at home?  Where are you Barry?!”
“I'm at home.”
“You're at home?!  When did you come in from the Dominican Republic?!”
“We all just got in around five o'clock this morning.”
“Around five o'clock this morning?!”
“Yeah.”
“Well I just wanted to say thanks for not telling me and your Uncle Charles about the organization's performance at the Staten Island Mall today!”
“Thanks for not telling you and Uncle Charles about the organization's performance at the Staten Island Mall?  What are you talking about Aunt Mindy?”
“I'm talking about Diane and the girls performing at the Staten Island Mall today!  Why didn't you tell us about it?  I thought Diane and the girls had quit doing shows and concerts!”
“Diane and the girls did quit doing shows and concerts. They aren't performing at the Staten Island Mall!”
“Yes they are!  Charles and I just got off the highway!  We just came from Atlantic City!  We're on the service road now!  There's heavy traffic out here going towards the mall!  There is a heavy crowd of people walking towards the mall holding signs, banners and posters high in the air that says Diane D and the Dianettes to perform at the Staten Island Mall today!  They're even wearing colored T-shirts with Diane and the girls' name on them!”
“What!”
“Yeah Barry!  That's where a lot of these cars are going, towards the mall!  Now maybe Diane and the girls decided to perform at the Staten Island Mall and they just didn't tell you about it!”
“Aunt Mindy, Diane and the girls are not performing at the Staten Island Mall!  They quitted performing shows, don't you remember?!”
“Barry that's what the signs and posters are saying!  That Diane and the girls are performing at the Staten Island Mall today!”
“Aunt Mindy, how can Diane and the girls be at the Staten Island Mall?!  How can they be at two places at the same time!”
“Two places at the same time?  What do you mean?”
“Four of the girls are here!”
“They are?”
“Yes!  They're in the bed sleeping!”
“They're in the bed sleeping?  Oh my goodness!”
“Like I said Aunt Mindy, we all came home around five o'clock this morning!  The girls are tired and they need some rest!  That's why they're sleeping now.”
“Well if four of the girls are there, where are the other two and Diane?!”
“Charlotte and Kenny got into another argument when we came in this morning so Charlotte ran off to Marilyn and Dante’s house to get away, and Lonna had a doctor's appointment in Manhattan so that's where she's at now!”
“Where's Diane?!”
“Diane is working at a hospital!”
“She’s working at a hospital?”
“Yeah.”
“I thought you all made her resign from working at the hospital because the employees there were afraid of her!”
“We did make her resign, but for right now we have her working at a different hospital way out in Long Island!  We have her working in a private office away from the other employees there.”
“You do?”
“Yes!  She really didn't feel like going there.  She was tired when we drove her out there, but she said she wanted to make extra money today!  We're suppose to pick her up in a little bit, so she can't be at the Staten Island Mall!  Now who ever is performing at the Staten Island Mall is not Diane and the girls!”
“Then why do we see people walking towards the mall with signs and posters that say Diane D and The Dianettes to perform at the Staten Island Mall today?!”
“There can only be a few reasons for that Aunt Mindy!  Either it's a hoax, or they have look-alikes there at that Mall posing as Diane and the girls just like the Punky Gurlz had a Diane look-alike with them at the airport, or there's another group somewhere out there called Diane D and The Dianettes, because Diane and the girls are no where near that mall!”
“My goodness.”
“Now Aunt Mindy, I need you and Uncle Charles to do me a favor!”
“Sure Barry!  What is it?!”
“Go into the mall for me and find out what's going on in there!”
“Okay Barry.  I want to find out what's this all about too.”
“And when you find out anything, call me back and let me know right away!”
“Okay Barry, you got it.  Talk to you later.”  Aunt Mindy puzzled puts away the cell phone.  
Uncle Charles turns to her and says, “So it sounds like Diane and the girls aren't even suppose to perform here, huh?”
“No,” Aunt Mindy says.  “I don't understand.  We have to go in the mall and see what the heck is going on.”
“Okay.”  Uncle Charles makes a quick turn into the mall parking lot.

Twenty minutes later, Barry, Mary, Margarita and Tomas are in the kitchen fussing as Tomas shouts, “I don't understand!  Someone might have used Diane and the girls name without them knowing about it?!”
“That's what it sounds like!” Barry shouts.  “I just have to wait for Aunt Mindy to call me back to confirm it!”  Suddenly Barry's cell phone rings.  He picks his cell phone up.  He looks at the name on the cell phone.  He anxiously speaks into it and says, “Well Aunt Mindy, did you find out anything?”
“Yes!” Aunt Mindy says.  “Your Uncle Charles and I spoke to the manager of the mall!  He told us four guys who are an up and coming band are supposed to be an opening act for Diane and the girls!”
“What!  Four guys who are an up and coming band are supposed to be an opening act for Diane and the girls?!”
“Yes!  Your Uncle Charles and I found out who the four guys are and spoke to them!  They told us what happened!”
“They did?!  Well what happened?!”
“Well these guys told me and your Uncle Charles that they innocently used Diane and girls’ name in their advertisement!”
“What!  They innocently used Diane and girls’ name in their advertisement?!”
“That's what they said!  They said they wanted their band to have more exposure where a whole lot of people can see them!   So the only way for their band to get more exposure was for them to put a lie in the newspaper and say they were gonna be an opening act for a well known singer or group!  They decided to use Diane and the girls' name because they said Diane has been in the headlines a lot!  They said they were only expecting a hundred people to show up at the mall!  They didn't know the crowd would get this big!”
“This big!  How big is the crowd Aunt Mindy?!”
“I'm not sure, but it looks like several thousands of people!”
Barry almost drops the phone as he shouts, “Several thousands of people?!”
“Yeah!  There's a stage set up already!”
“A stage set up?!”
“Yeah! There's seven microphone stands lined up right on the stage waiting for Diane and the girls!  There are large life size pictures of Diane and the girls on the wall!”
“Large life size pictures of Diane and the girls on the wall?!”
“Yes!  There are reporters here too!”
“Reporters too?!”
“Yes and the paparazzi is here!”
“The paparazzi?!”
“Yes!  There are cameras everywhere and a huge crowd of people!  They're all waiting right at the stage to see Diane and the girls!  The microphone stand all the way on the right where Diane usually stands is up further from the other six microphone stands where the girls usually stand!  People are wearing T-shirts that say Diane D and The Dianettes!  They're holding signs, posters and banners high in the air that say Diane D and The Dianettes!  Some of the people even have flowers that say Diane D and The Dianettes!  Some of the people are holding signs that say 'The Super Seven!  Thanks for deciding to come back!”
“Oh my God!  So the entire crowd have no idea that this is a hoax?!”
“No they don't have any idea Barry!  They're starting to seem impatient, wondering when Diane and the girls are gonna come out on stage!  I don't know what's gonna happen with this crowd when they realize that this all was a hoax and that Diane and the girls never planned on being here!”
“Hold on Aunt Mindy, stay there!  I'm gonna try to get Diane and the girls over there!”
“What!” Mary, Margarita and Tomas shout.
“Barry!” Aunt Mindy shouts.  “I thought you said that four of the girls were tired and in bed and that Diane is way out in Long Island and the other two girls went off somewhere else!”
“I did say all of that Aunt Mindy!” Barry shouts.  “I'm just gonna have to round them all up!”
“Round them all up?!  How are you going to do that Barry?!”
“I don't know Aunt Mindy!   I'm gonna try to take care of everything!”
“You are?!”
“Yeah!”
“Alright Barry.”
“We’ll be there later Aunt Mindy!”  Barry takes his cell phone from his ear and puts it away.  He turns to Mary, Margarita and Tomas and says, “Alright everybody!   We have to round up all the girls and we have to round them up fast!”
“Barry!” Mary shouts.  “Have you lost your mind?!  You really gonna expect to round up all the girls and have them perform at the spur of the moment like this, way out in Staten Island?!  Especially the fact that they're all tired from just coming in from the Dominican Republic this morning?!”
“I know Mary, but I just don't want to disappoint the crowd!  If Diane and the girls don't show up and perform at that mall, the next thing you know is that the crowd will get upset and disappointed and label Diane and the girls a ‘No-Show‘!  I could see it in the headlines and articles right now, 'Diane D and The Dianettes were No-Shows at the Staten Island Mall'!  I don't want Diane and the girls to be labeled No-Shows!”
“Barry!” Tomas shouts, “it's not Diane and the girls fault that someone used their name without their permission and without their knowledge!  The crowd should know the truth about that!  If we cover up for the people that falsely used Diane and the girls’ name, other people will follow and start to do the same thing, just to draw a crowd!”
“If it ever happens again, then we really have to tell the crowd the truth!  I'm only willing to cover up this time!  I won't cover up if there's gonna be a next time!”  Barry looks towards the hallway and shouts, “Nicolas!  Michael!  Mickey come in here quick!”
Nicolas, Michael and Mickey come into the kitchen.  “What's up Dad?” Nicolas says.
“Listen, we have to round up all the girls!  Something suddenly came up!  The girls have to perform in Staten Island at the Staten Island Mall.  We have to round up all the girls now!”
“What!” Nicolas, Michael and Mickey shout.
“Perform at the Staten Island Mall?!” Mickey asks.
“Yes!” Barry shouts.
“Dad the girls quitted performing!”
“I know they quitted performing, but something came up!”
“Something came up?” Michael asks.  “What came up?!  What's going on?!”
“I'll explain it to you all in a little bit.  Michael, go upstairs and wake the girls up.  Tell them we all have to go to Staten Island.  Nicolas, go pick up Charlotte from Marilyn and Dante’s house and Mickey, see if you can meet Lonna at her doctor's office in Manhattan.  Whatever you do, don't mention anything to the girls about them performing at the Staten Island Mall yet!  You all get the girls while your mother and I go pick up Diane from the hospital out in Long Island.  Once you all get the girls and Mary and I get Diane, we all meet back at the organization then we'll explain everything to the girls there, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Dad are you gonna tell us what's this all about?” Nicolas asks.
“As soon as we all meet at the organization, I'll explain everything there,” Barry says.
“Okay.”
“Alright let's go!” 
Nicolas, Michael and Mickey turn and leave the room as Barry, Mary, Margarita and Tomas hurry out the room behind them.

Out in the street, Barry opens the car door and hurries into the driver's seat as Mary hurries into the front passenger seat and Margarita and Tomas hurry into the back seat.  They close the door behind themselves.  Barry starts up the  car engine.  He speeds the car out of the driveway and speeds into the street making a quick turn.

Inside the car, Mary pulls out her cell phone and says, “I'm gonna call Diane now.”
“Okay,” Barry says.  “I hope she answers her cell phone.”
“I hope so too.”  Mary dials a number on her cell phone then puts the phone to her ear.  She waits several seconds.  She then speaks into the cell phone and says, “Yeah Diane?  Thank goodness you picked up the phone!  Listen Diane, something came up!  Your father, your grandparents and I are on our way to come get you! .....  Yes!  Are you finished at the hospital? ..... Good because we're on our way. ..... I can't explain it to you right now Diane.  We'll be there shortly.”

At the hospital, a tired looking Diane D sits on top of a desk as she speaks into her cell phone and says, “Okay Mom, I'll be here.”  Diane D puzzled looks at her cell phone, then puts it away.
A female hospital worker in the room says, “Diane D, are your parents and grandparents coming to pick you up?”
“Yeah.”
“Why do you have to leave so soon?”
“What do you mean so soon, I’ve been here since this morning.  I’m ready to go home and rest now.”  Diane D turns and walks away.
The hospital worker puzzled look at Diane.

Michael comes out of the house pulling sleepy Miranda and sleepy Kelly by the hand as they all go down the steps.  “Where are we going Michael?” Miranda asks.
“Staten Island,” Michael says.
“Staten Island?” Kelly says.  “For what?”
“Dad is gonna explain everything to us when we meet him at the organization.”  Michael pulls both Miranda and Kelly to a van.  He turns his head towards the house and shouts, “You got Nancy and Bernice, right Uncle Tonio?!”
“Yeah I got them Michael!” Tonio shouts as he pulls sleepy Nancy and sleepy Bernice by the hand and go down the front steps.  
“Dad where are we going?” Nancy asks.
“We're going to the organization, then to Staten Island?”
“To the organization, then to Staten Island?” Bernice asks.  “Why?”
“Something suddenly came up.”
“Something suddenly came up?  What?”
“Uncle Barry is gonna explain everything to y'all when we all meet him at the organization.”  Tonio pulls both Nancy and Bernice to the van.

Inside the car, Nicolas is driving as sleepy Charlotte sits in the passenger seat beside him.  Charlotte turns to Nicolas and says, “Nicolas, do you mind telling me why you rushed me out of Mom and Dad's house like that?”
“I'm sorry Charlotte,” Nicolas says, “but Dad wants all you girls at the organization now.”
“Really?  Why?  Are we having some sort of meeting?”
“Yeah.  Everyone is meeting at the organization.”  Charlotte looks at Nicolas, then looks forward as Nicolas continues to drive.

Inside another car, Mickey is driving as Lonna sits in the passenger seat beside him.  Lonna turns to Mickey and says, “Mickey why does your father want all of us at the organization now?  Especially sending you to come pick me up from the doctor's office?”
“He said something suddenly came up in Staten Island,” Mickey says.
“Something suddenly came up in Staten Island?”
“Yeah.”
“What?”
“He's gonna explain everything to us when we all meet up at the organization.”
“Gee.  I wonder what it is that suddenly came up In Staten Island that I had to be dragged away from the doctor's office.”
“I'm wondering the same thing myself Lonna.”
Lonna turns from Mickey and looks forward as Mickey continues to drive.

Back inside Barry’s car, Barry is driving already talking as a tired Diane D sits in the passenger seat beside him and Mary, Margarita and Tomas sit in the back seat as Barry says to Diane D, “So that's what happened in Staten Island.”
“Really?” Diane D says.  “I don't understand how in the world somebody could just go make up a print in the newspaper about me and the girls performing somewhere!  They had no right to do that!”
“I understand that Diane.   We're just doing this for the crowd.”
“For the crowd?  Well what about me Dad, I'm tired!  We just came in from the Dominican Republic early this morning!  I was planning to go back home and go straight to bed right after I left the hospital!”
“Diane, you and the girls could just go to the Staten Island Mall and perform two or three songs, that's all,” Mary says.  “After that, we're all gonna go back home and get some rest.  Right now we're just gonna bring you to the organization real quick where you'll meet up with the girls and you all will change into some outfits, then we're all gonna head out to Staten Island.”
“Don't worry Diane,” Tomas says, “we'll make it up to you girls.  We're gonna pay each of you girls big time money for this!”
“That's right Diane,” Margarita says. 
“But Grandma and Grandpa, what if something like this happens again?!” Diane D says.  “What if somebody else falsely use our name again?!  Are we gonna come to their rescue too?!”
“No we're not Diane,” Mary says.  “If something like this does happen again, we're not gonna have anything to do with it.  Those people will be on their own.  The only thing we will do if that happens again is make a public announcement that it is a hoax and that someone falsely use you and the girls' name.  We will have to let the crowd know the truth then.”
“Don't worry Diane,” Barry says.  “We know you and the girls don't want to perform shows anymore.  We just want you and the girls to come to the rescue this one time, that's it.  No more after this, okay?”
Diane D angrily looks at Barry, then looks away from him and looks straight ahead as Barry continues to drive.

Inside the Staten Island Mall, the crowd has gotten even bigger!  They are still anxious, waiting for the arrival of Diane D and The Dianettes.

It is thirty minutes later.  Outside the Diaz-Davidson Organization, there are several vans in the street lined up ready to pull off.  Barry runs past all the vans heading towards the first van!  He stops and looks back towards all the vans and shouts, “Are we ready guys?!”
Michael leans out the window of the second van in the driver's seat and shouts, “Yeah Dad, we're all ready!”
“Okay let's hit the road!”  Barry rushes into the driver's seat of the first van and starts up the engine.  He quickly pulls off as the other vans quickly pull off and follow him.

Around forty-five minutes later, Barry's van quickly leaves the highway and quickly heads onto the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge as the other vans quickly follow behind his.

Around forty-five minutes later, a black male store employee around his late twenties is on the second level of the mall in a back area.  He looks out a small back window.  He sees Michael's van and a few cars.  He sees Michael, Barry, Mary, Margarita, Tomas, Gracy, Grandpa Mike, Nicolas, Mickey, Diane D's other relatives, members from the Diaz-Davidson Organization stand near one of the cars looking towards the inside of it.  The store employees becomes excited and shouts, “Oh my God!  They're here!”  The store employee excitedly turns to his co-workers and shout, “Diane D and the Dianettes are here!”
“They are?” one of the male co-workers shout.
“Yeah!  I see Diane D's father and I see her husband and his band and the rest of Diane D's family out the window!” 
Around seven co-workers hurry to the window.  They see Barry, Michael, Diane D's family and relatives, members from the Diaz-Davidson Band and several members from the Diaz-Davidson Organization as a female co-worker shouts, “Oh my God, it is them!”  
“Almost the whole Diaz-Davidson Organization!” the first co-worker shouts.  “Where're Diane D and the Dianettes?!  I don't see them!”
“They're probably inside that car!” the store employee shouts.  The store employees see Barry and the rest of Diane D's family and some members from the Diaz-Davidson organization walk towards the back of the building as Michael and the Diaz-Davidson band members stay behind at the van.  “They're coming inside the building!” the male co-worker shouts.  “Let's hurry and go downstairs!”  All the employees turn and leave from the back window and rush towards the exit door!

Around ten minutes later on the second story level, Diane D's family and relatives including Aunt Mindy, Uncle Charles and some members from the Diaz-Davidson Organization peak out from the second floor level of the mall.  They are shocked and stunned to see thousands and thousands of people wearing 'Diane D and The Dianettes' T-shirts!  They are shocked to see a stage with microphones set up for Diane D and the Dianettes.  They are shocked and stunned to see the people and the paparazzi all waiting at the stage to see Diane D and The Dianettes.  “Oh my god,” Mary says.  “I don't believe this!  We had no idea this was going on!”
“Well believe it,” Aunt Mindy says.  “Here's the ad that was in the paper.”  Aunt Mindy hands Mary, Barry, Margarita and Tomas the newspaper article.  They all look at the newspaper article with a headline that reads:  THE HICKS BAND PERFORMS AND OPENING ACT FOR DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES AT THE STATEN ISLAND MALL ON SATURDAY MAY 12TH.  
“My God, this is unbelievable,” Barry says. “They really went this far to print the girls' name in this article?  Where did you find this article?”
“Those guys handed it to me when they were explaining everything,” Aunt Mindy says.  “They saved the article.  This is why all these people are here, because it started from this article.  It only took maybe a few people to notice this article.  One of those few people was a DJ.  The next thing you know, the DJ mentioned about this article on the radio.”
“We didn't hear anything about this on the radio.”
“Of course you didn't Barry.  You were all down in the Dominican Republic.”
“Well you were here Aunt Mindy.  You didn't hear about this on the radio?”
“No.  If I did, I would have definitely told you all about it.”
“Yeah but those guys still shouldn't have put out a hoax like this!” Margarita says.
“Oh they understand that now.  They said they didn't expect this little hoax or lie to get out of hand like this!”
“But it did!  Just like the hoax and lie that little kid Marcus and his brother pulled when they sent a phony letter to the organization about a little boy who is dying of leukemia just to get Diane to appear at his school and look what happened.  The kid winds up getting beat up and hurt by Diane and now this!”
“I know. The guys apologized to me and everything.  They said they've learned their lesson and said they will never print a phony advertisement again.”
“No they better not ever use Diane and the girls' name again,” Mary says.
“They won't.”  Aunt Mindy looks to the side and says, “Oh here they are.”  Diane D’s family turn and look.  They see Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray coming their way. 
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray approach Diane D's family.  “Hi!” they all nervously say.  “Nice to meet y'all,” Arty says.  “Listen, we're very sorry we used Diane D and The Dianettes’ name in our advertisement.  We didn't expect it to turn out like this.”
“Yeah but it did,” Mary says.  “It caused a big crowd!”
“I'm sorry. We only expected a few people to see the ad and were only expecting a hundred people to show up.”
“But what would you have told those a hundred people if the girls didn't show up on the stage?  What would you have told them?”
“I don't know.  We were gonna make up something.”
“Yeah, a lie!  Giving people false information?!”
“I know, but we'll make it up to you all.  Promise.”
“Where're Diane D and The Dianettes!” voices in the crowd shouts.  Diane D's family, Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray and everybody else turn their heads towards the sound of the crowd.  “Come on we want to see them!” voices of the crowd shout.
Barry turns to his family and says, “I think we better get the girls.”  Barry turns to Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray and says, “Listen guys, we'll talk about this later.”
“No problem,” Arty says.
Barry and the rest of his family turn and hurry away as Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray turn and follow them.

Inside an office in the upstairs back area, Mary, Barry, Arty, Dave, Marlon, Ray, Alex, Harvey, Norman, Kory and some other members from the Diaz-Davidson Organization stand around talking.  Dave turns to Barry and asks, “Where are Diane D and the Dianettes?”
“They should be knocking on the door any minute now,” Barry says.  Everybody suddenly hears loud angry banging on the door and jump a little.  They all look at each other puzzled.  “Wow,” Barry says.  “It sounds like somebody's mad.  Maybe it's them.”  Barry turns and heads towards the door as Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously and anxiously look at the door.



Outside the office door, Diane D and the Dianettes are standing outside the door identically dressed in sparkling navy blue short blazers, short navy corsets and navy leggings as Diane D firmly leans against the wall with Lonna right beside her.  Diane D, Lonna, Miranda, Kelly, Charlotte and Bernice look at Nancy as Nancy says, “He said we're not gonna be here too long anyway Diane.  We're only going to be here a short time.”
“I don't care if it's a long time or a short time Nancy,” Diane D says.  “I am tired, I really don't feel like doing this.  I don’t even feel like being here.”
“Yeah none of us do,” Miranda says.
Barry opens the office door.  Diane D and the Dianettes turn their heads and look at him.  “Come on in girls,” Barry says.  Diane D comes in the doorway and enters the back area office as the Dianettes follow behind her.  Diane D walks in the room looking around as the Dianettes follow closely behind and around her.  “Everybody's over there,” Barry says as he leads Diane D and the Dianettes further into the room.  
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray excitedly approach Diane D and the Dianettes.  Diane D and the Dianettes look at Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray and stop as Arty excitingly says, “My God Diane D and The Dianettes!  It’s really you!”
“We're so glad to meet you all!” Dave shouts.
“Diane, girls, these are the guys responsible for putting your name in that newspaper ad,” Barry says.
“Oh Diane D!” Arty says.  “We're so glad that you and the Dianettes can be here!”  Arty holds his hand out to Diane D to shake her hand.  
Diane D places both her hands on her hips and annoyingly looks down at Arty's hand and sighs.  She then looks up at Arty and shouts, “Yeah we bet you're glad we can be here to cover up your false ad!”
Arty takes his hand away from Diane D as he, Dave, Marlon and Ray nervously look at each other then back at Diane D.  “I'm sorry Diane D,” Arty says.
“Please forgive us Diane D, Dianettes,” Dave says.  “We'll make it up to you all.  Whatever money we earn from this and the future, we'll donate to your organization and any of your favorite charities.  But please do this for us?”
“Look!” Diane D shouts, “let's get something straight, okay?!  What you guys did, caused me and the girls to be pulled away from what each of us were doing, to come way out here at the spur of the moment to perform at a mall!  Especially as tired as we all are from coming home from the Dominican Republic five o'clock in the morning!”
“Diane D, this will never ever happen again,” Arty says, “promise!”
“These guys explained everything to us Diane,” Barry says.  “I think they learned their lesson.  Any way Diane, you girls and Michael already decided to sing and play to the song 'Deep Purple', right?”
“Yeah we got 'Deep Purple' down packed Dad,” Diane D says.
“Good.”
“Diane?” Tomas says.
“What's up Grandpa?” Diane D says.
“Try to put a smile on your face?”
“That's right Diane,” Barry says.  “We don't want the crowd out there to see you unhappy.  Remember, you, the girls, Michael and the guys are each gonna get a big pay check for this when we all return home.  Are Michael and the guys still at the van getting the instruments ready?”
“Yeah they're still at the van Dad,” Diane D says.
“Where's Nicolas and Mickey?”
“They're at the van too.”
“Okay.”
“Diane D, Dianettes?” Arty says.  “We just want to tell you that, there's someone special here who wants to meet you all.”
Diane D and the Dianettes puzzled look at Arty.  They then look at each other, then back at Arty as Diane D says, “Someone special wants to meet us?  Well who is it?”  Diane D's cell phone suddenly rings.  “Hold on,” she says.  Diane D looks down and pulls her cell phone out of her waist.  She looks at the phone number.  She then speaks into her cell phone and says, “Yeah Michael what's up? ...... The music notes are in there.  Did you look in the glove compartment? .....  It's in the van!  I know where I left it! .....”
Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray excitingly look at each other as Arty whispers to them, “We did it!  They're really here!”  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray happily look at each other, then back at Diane D and the Dianettes.
Diane D continues to speak into her cell phone and says, “Look in the glove compartment Michael. ..... You don't see it in there?  Look harder! ..... You still can't find it!  You don't see it!  Fine!  Let me come down there and get it myself!  Just hold on, I'll be right down!”  Diane D closes her cell phone and puts her cell phone back into her waist belt.  She turns to her family and the Dianettes and says, “Listen up everybody, I gotto go to the van to find the music notes.  I'll be back.”  Diane D turns around and gently holds onto some of the Dianettes’ shoulders as she says, “Girls stay here until I get back.”  Diane D turns her head to Arty and says, “I'll meet whoever this special person is when I come back up.”
“Okay Diane D,” Arty says.  
Diane D turns away from everybody and heads to the door.  “I'll go with you Diane,” Mary says.  Mary heads to the door and follows Diane D as they both leave the room closing the door behind themselves.

Diane D and Mary both walk down the back hallway as Mary holds onto Diane D’s arm and says to her, “Sabes que no te has permitido a caminar sola, no?”
“Se Mama,” Diane D says as she and Mary continue to walk down the back upstairs hallway.























 











Chapter 37

The Dianettes Vs. Madilyn Lewis Showdown!


Back in the office, Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray excitedly look at the Dianettes.  All of a sudden, there are loud excited voices coming from a door in back of the room.  Everyone turns and look.  They see an excited Madilyn Lewis, her husband Randy Coleman, a short stocky black man around his late 30’s who’s also a singer, who is dressed in a white 3-piece suit, and a few of their entourage coming into the room.  Members of the Diaz-Davidson Organization are shocked to see Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman.  Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman approach the members of the Diaz-Davidson Organization.  The members of the Diaz-Davidson Organization are excited to meet Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman.  Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman excitedly approach the Dianettes, Barry, Margarita, Tomas and Diane D's other relatives!  The Dianettes, Barry, Margarita, Tomas and Diane D's other relatives are stunned to see Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman.  “Dianettes!” Madilyn Lewis shouts.  “Oh my God!  It's you!  I can't believe it!  You’re here!  How are you all doing?!”
“Dianettes,” Arty says.  “This is the special person who wanted to meet you all!  It’s Madilyn Lewis!”
Madilyn Lewis happily shakes the Dianettes hands and says, “Wow Dianettes!  How's everything going?”
“Okay!” the Dianettes smile and say.
“Good!”  Madilyn Lewis looks around and asks, “Well where's Diane D?!”
“Oh Diane had to go downstairs to the van in the parking lot all the way at the other end of the building to pick up something,” Barry says.  “She'll be right back.”
“Okay good!”
“Hey Dianettes, guess what?” Arty says.  “Madilyn Lewis came all the way here to the Staten Island Mall to perform with you all and Diane D!”
The Dianettes become shocked and stunned and shout, “What!”  The Dianettes turn towards Madilyn Lewis and look at her stunned.  Then they puzzled look back at Arty as Miranda asks, “What do you mean perform with us?”
“Well I want to perform with you all and Diane D!” Madilyn Lewis excitingly says.  “I think you all are a wonderful amazing group, full of energy, full of spunk and I want to get a chance to work with you all, if it's okay!”
“No it's not okay.”
Madilyn Lewis, Randy Coleman and everyone else stare at Miranda and the rest of the Dianettes stunned as Madilyn Lewis asks, “It’s not okay?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Why can't Madilyn Lewis perform with you all?” Arty asks.
“Simple,” Lonna says.  “We don't need her.”
“You don't need me?” Madilyn Lewis asks. “Well I just want to perform with you all and Diane D just one time.”
“That's right,” Randy Coleman says.  “My wife is not asking to perform with you all the time.  She just wants one chance, just this one evening to perform with you all and Diane D in the mall.”
“We don't need her,” the Dianettes say.
“So you're not gonna let me perform with you all?” Madilyn Lewis asks.
“No,” Nancy says.  “We're not interested in you performing with us.”
Charlotte steps up right to Madilyn Lewis’ face and says, “That's right, do you have a problem with that?”
“Girls!” Barry shouts.  “This is Madilyn Lewis!  She's a big star!  She’s a celebrity!  She wants to perform with you all and Diane!  Shouldn't that mean something to you?”
“That‘s right,” Margarita says.  “Can't you all just give Madilyn Lewis a chance?” 
“We're not interested!” the Dianettes shout.
Margarita and Barry puzzled stare at the Dianettes.  Barry then becomes frustrated.  He turns around, then back towards the Dianettes and shouts, “Okay now this is ridiculous!  Madilyn Lewis wants the opportunity to perform with you all and Diane and you all are gonna turn her down?!  Listen, I want Madilyn Lewis to perform with you all, okay?!”  Barry turns to Madilyn Lewis and says, “Madilyn, do you know the classic song 'Deep Purple' or know the words to it?  Because that's what the girls and Diane are gonna sing.”
“Yes I know the classic song 'Deep Purple'!” Madilyn Lewis says, “and I know the words to it!  Sure I'll sing the song with them!”
“Good!”
“What!” the Dianettes shout.
“So we don’t get a say so in this Uncle Barry?” Bernice says.
“Uncle Barry how can you do this to us?!” Kelly shouts.
“We don't want to perform with her!” Miranda shouts.
“We don't need her to perform with us Uncle Barry!” Charlotte shouts.
“That’s right,” Lonna says.  “We can stand on our own, we don’t need any help!”
“But I want you all to have this one chance in life to perform with Madilyn Lewis!“” Barry shouts.
“If she goes out on stage, we're not gonna go!” Bernice shouts.
“What!” everyone else shouts.
“Girls you can't mean that!” Barry shouts.  “The crowd is out there right now waiting to see you all!”
“Let the crowd have Madilyn instead!” Bernice shouts.  “We're outta here!”  Bernice turns to the rest of the Dianettes and says, “Come on girls.”  The Dianettes angrily turn around and walk towards the front door.
“Girls stop!” Barry shouts.  “And I mean stop right now!”  The Dianettes stop walking.  They turn back around towards Barry as Barry shouts, “You mean to tell me, you're willing to walk off and disappoint the crowd?!”
“Yes we are!” Lonna says. 
“Either she goes, or we do!” Miranda says.
Everyone looks at the Dianettes stunned.  Barry calms a little.  He then says, “Okay, if that's what you all want, fine!  I’ll respect your wish.  You don't have to perform with Madilyn Lewis!”
“Thank you!” the Dianettes say.  The Dianettes walk back towards Barry.
Barry then says to the Dianettes, “You all and Diane will sing the song to 'Deep Purple', okay?”
“Okay.”
“Good.  And when you all and Diane finish performing that song, I'll let Madilyn and Diane get the opportunity to perform another song together.”
“What!”
“Yeah. I'll have Madilyn Lewis and Diane sing a different song while they're on stage.”
“Oh nothing doing!” Nancy shouts.  “Diane is not gonna sing any songs with Madilyn Lewis!” 
“Don't worry girls!” Barry shouts.  “You're not the ones gonna perform with Madilyn!”
“Well we don't want Diane performing with Madilyn either!“ the Dianettes shout.
“Why can't Diane D perform with me?” Madilyn Lewis shouts.  “Y'all said it yourself y'all don't need me!”
“We don't need you!”
“Diane don't need you either!” Bernice shouts.  “She's got us!”
“I think SHE should be the judge of that!” Madilyn Lewis shouts.
“Madilyn and Diane WILL sing a duet together!” Barry shouts.
“No they aren't!” the Dianettes shout.
“Diane is not gonna do any duet with Madilyn Lewis or any other female singer!” Miranda shouts.
“Yes she is!” Madilyn Lewis shouts.
“No she isn't!” the Dianettes shout.
“If you try to sing with Diane, I swear we'll pull your ass right off the stage!” Lonna shouts.
“What!” everyone else in the room shouts.
“Girls!” Barry shouts.  “You can't mean that!”
“Oh yes we do?!” the Dianettes shout.
“You don't believe us?!” Lonna shouts.  She then looks Madilyn Lewis up and down with arms folded and says, “Try it!”
Everyone stares at the Dianettes stunned.  Barry sadly looks at the Dianettes. Then he sadly looks at Madilyn Lewis and says, “I'm sorry Madilyn, I can't let you perform with Diane.”  Madilyn and everyone else shockingly looks at Barry.  Barry then says, “If I let you perform with Diane, I can see right now that there's gonna be a whole bunch of chaos just like with the Punky Gurlz and we don't need a whole bunch of chaos!  That's not what we're here for!  It's just not worth it.”
“So you're gonna cater to them and let them have THEIR way?!” Madilyn Lewis shouts.  “Okay, fine then!  I won't sing or do any duet with Diane D, while I'm here!”  The Dianettes puzzled look at Madilyn Lewis.  Madilyn Lewis turns away and angrily leaves from the Dianettes and Barry.  She heads towards the front door as Randy Coleman angrily follows her.  
Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman reach the front door and stop.  Madilyn Lewis angrily turns around towards Barry and shouts, “You know I just want to let you know something!  I'm having an upcoming concert at Madison Square Garden next month!  I was gonna invite Diane D AND the Dianettes to perform with me!  But being that the Dianettes don't want to perform with me and they're not interested in performing with me, I would like to know, if you would let Diane D perform with me at my upcoming concert!”
“No!” the Dianettes shout.
“I didn't ask you!” Madilyn Lewis shouts to the Dianettes.  She then says to Barry, “Will you let Diane D perform with me at my upcoming concert in Madison Square Garden?”
“I'm sorry Madilyn Lewis,” Barry says.  “I would love Diane to perform with you at your upcoming concert, I really would!  But I think it would be best if she doesn't.”
“Why not?!  Would Diane D have a problem performing with me?!”
“No absolutely not!  Diane wouldn't have a problem performing with you at all!  She’ll perform with anybody!”
“She would?”
“Of course she would!  Listen Madilyn Lewis, there’s one thing you might not know about Diane!”
“And what’s that?”
“She doesn’t have an ego issue!”
“She doesn‘t?”
“No!  She doesn’t have an ego issue, like some people I know!”
The Dianettes annoyingly look at Barry.
“So why can't she perform with my wife?!” Randy Coleman shouts.  “Because THEY have a problem with it?!”
“Well that's right,” Barry says.
“Well that's not right of you to do that!” Madilyn Lewis shouts.  “That is not right of you to stop Diane D from performing with me or anybody else because THEY have a problem with it!  I think Diane D herself should be the judge of that and answer for herself!  I would rather hear the answer from HER!  I want Diane D to perform with me at my upcoming concert and I am going to find her and ask her if she would like to perform with me whether any of the Dianettes like it or not!”
“Oh yeah?!” Nancy shouts.  “You go anywhere near Diane and there will be hell to pay!”
“Oh yeah?!  I AM gonna go near Diane D, as soon as I find her!”  Madilyn turns to Barry and says, “You said Diane D went to a van in the parking lot all the way at the other end of the building?  Well I'm gonna go to that van and meet Diane D herself!  And I'm gonna go to that van, right now!”
“Oh no you not!” the Dianettes shout.
“Oh no?!  Watch me!”  Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman angrily turn around and open the door.  They walk out the door slamming the door behind themselves!  
The Dianettes angrily look at the door.  They then look at each other.  Lonna then shouts, “Come on girls, y'all ready?!”  Lonna and the rest of the Dianettes angrily throw their fists up in the air and shout, “Let's....get her!”  The Dianettes start to charge towards the door, but Alex, Harvey, Norman, Kory and the rest of the men in the room quickly grab them all and stop them!  The Dianettes scream and struggle towards the door, trying to break away from the men's grip as they desperately try to go for the door!  “Goddammit let go of us!” Lonna shouts, “We got to stop her!”
“No we can't let you go!” Harvey shouts.
“But she's gonna go find Diane!” Bernice shouts.  “Let us gooo!”
“No we're not letting you go!” Kory shouts. 
“But she's gonna go to Diane!” Miranda shouts.
“So what!” Norman shouts.  “Let her go to Diane! Just let her go!”
“No we can't!” Charlotte shouts.  “Let us go!”
“Don't let them go guys!” Barry shouts.  The men continue to hold tightly onto the Dianettes as the Dianettes desperately try to break away towards the door!  
“Aaaah!” Charlotte shouts.  “You're hurting me!   Let me gooo!”
“No we're not gonna let you go after Madilyn Lewis!” Harvey shouts.
“But we have to!” Kelly shouts.
“Aaaah!” Miranda screams.  “Chomp!  Come on girls y'all ready?!  One two three chomp!” Miranda and the rest of the Dianettes suddenly grab and tightly hold the men by the arm and bite their teeth hard into the men's arms, hands and fingers sinking their teeth into the men's flesh!  
“Aaaah!” the men scream and yell in pain as they try to pull their arms, hands and fingers away!  “They’re biting us!” Harvey shouts.  “Aaaaah!”  The Dianettes continue to bite down hard on the men's flesh as the men continue to scream and yell in pain!  “Aaaaaaa!” the men scream as they quickly let loose of the Dianettes!  The men pull their arms, hands and fingers away in pain!  The Dianettes kick the men in the groins and break away from the men leaving the men's arms, hands and fingers are all red, bloody, wet, swollen and bruised!  Bernice rushes to the door!  
Bernice opens the door and races out of it!  Charlotte races out the door behind Bernice!  Miranda and Nancy race out the door behind Charlotte!
Kelly and Lonna bump into a couple of the men!  The men, Kelly and Lonna fall hard on the floor!  Lonna and Kelly quickly get up off the floor and run to the door!
Lonna and Kelly race out the door as the two men lay on the floor in pain!  Four other men stand around holding their arms, hands and fingers in agony!  Barry and other men in the room charge after the Dianettes!  Arty, Dave, Marlon and Ray and some members from the organization race towards the door out the room while some other members from the organization tend to the injured men!

Bernice angrily races down the back hallway as Charlotte’s voice shouts, “Get that bitch!”  Bernice continues to race away!  Charlotte races down the hallway after Bernice!  Four seconds later, Miranda and Nancy race down the hallway after Charlotte!  Four seconds later, Lonna and Kelly race down the hallway after Miranda and Nancy!  Five seconds later, Barry, the men and everyone else from the room scream and race down the hallway after the Dianettes!








































Chapter 38

Attack Of The Angry Women! 


Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman are quickly walking through the back of the mall in an isolated parking lot on the ground level looking around, trying to find Diane D as Randy Coleman walks on the right side of Madilyn Lewis.  Randy Coleman looks forward and says, “Hey, I see a van way on the other side of the parking lot!  I think that might be the van Diane D's at.  That looks like her husband near it!”  Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman stop and look.  They see the back of a van way in the distance with its doors opened.  They see what appears to be Michael and a few guys around the van.  They see Michael walking around the van.  They then see what appears to be Diane D angrily coming from the other side of the van with Michael following her, appearing to be fussing at Michael.
“Oh my God Randy look!” Madilyn Lewis excitingly shouts.  “I think that's Diane D!  I think I see her!”
“I see her too!” Randy Coleman excitingly says.  “My God let's hurry and go to her while we got the chance!”
“Okay!” Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman start to hurry towards Diane D.
“Let's call her so she can see us!”  Randy Coleman and Madilyn Lewis start to shout, “Diane D!  Diane D!”  Randy Coleman and Madilyn Lewis wave their arms and hands high in the air trying to attract Diane D's attention.  They do not see Diane D, Michael or anyone else at the van responding to them.
“My God she doesn't see or hear us!” Madilyn Lewis shouts.
“I know, we're too far away!  We gotta get closer!”  Randy Coleman and Madilyn Lewis continue to hurry towards Diane D as Randy Coleman shouts, “Let's call her again!”
“Diane D!” Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman shout.  “Diane D!”  Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman wave their arms and hands high in the air again.  They still do not see Diane D or anyone else at the van responding to them.  “She still didn't hear us!” Madilyn Lewis shouts.
“We're still too far away!  We gotta get closer!”  Randy Coleman and Madilyn Lewis suddenly see Diane D go disappear into the van as Michael follows Diane D and disappears into the van also, shutting the door behind himself.
“Oh no she and her husband just went inside the van!  Now they really not gonna see or hear us!”
“We still gotta get closer!” Randy Coleman shouts.  Randy Coleman and Madilyn Lewis continue to hurry towards the van.  As they continue to get closer to the van, they suddenly hear loud commotion and loud screaming coming from way behind them in the distance.  They turn around to look.  They stop and become shocked.  “Oh shoot, the Dianettes are coming!” Randy Coleman shouts.  “They're after us!  Come on!”  Randy Coleman grabs Madilyn Lewis by the hand as he and Madilyn Lewis turn back forward and frighteningly run for their lives!  
Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman run as fast as they can as Madilyn Lewis screams out, “Aaaah!  Oh my God!”
Randy Coleman turns around to look as he continues to hold onto Madilyn's hand!  He then shouts, “My God, they're gaining up on us!  Run faster!”
“I'm trying!”
Randy Coleman turns back forward as he and Madilyn Lewis continue to run with all their might!  They get closer to the van!  They call out towards the van and shout, “Diane D!   Diane D help!”  Randy Coleman turns back around to look!  He then shouts, “Shit, they're getting closer!”  Randy Coleman turns back forward as he and Madilyn Lewis continue to run with all their might!  The van is appearing more close to them!  They call out towards the van again and shout, “Diane D!   Diane D help!”
Randy Coleman and Madilyn Lewis continue to run!  
Charlotte, Nancy and Kelly suddenly gain up behind Madilyn Lewis charging right after her as Miranda, Lonna and Bernice gain up behind Randy Coleman charging after him!  Miranda then shouts, “One two three hit it!”  The Dianettes suddenly jump and leap forward in a horizontal position as Charlotte, Nancy and Kelly clench their fists together hard into Madilyn Lewis' back and Miranda, Lonna and Bernice clench their fists together hard into Randy Coleman's back, causing Randy Coleman and Madilyn Lewis to fall sideways right towards each other, knocking and banging right into each another!  Randy Coleman and Madilyn Lewis violently bounce off each other as the Dianettes turn their bodies around in mid air, making themselves land on their sides!  Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman fall and land hard on the ground like bowling pins!  Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman lay on the ground in pain!
Everyone approaches Madilyn Lewis, Randy Coleman and the Dianettes as the Dianettes quickly get up off the ground!  
The Dianettes approach a hurt and injured Madilyn Lewis and a hurt and injured Randy Coleman!  Charlotte, Nancy and Kelly grab Madilyn Lewis as Miranda, Lonna and Bernice grab Randy Coleman!  Charlotte, Nancy and Kelly start to kick and beat on Madilyn Lewis then try to rip her clothes apart as Miranda, Lonna and Bernice kick and beat on Randy Coleman, trying to rip his clothes apart!  
Several security guards run to the commotion!  They grab all the Dianettes as the Dianettes scream and try to break from the security guards!

Inside the van, the radio is playing loud 'Oldies' music as Nicolas, Mickey and some members of the Diaz-Davidson look through some papers. Michael then switches the radio stations back and forth.  He suddenly hears a loud commotion coming from somewhere.  He looks up in the air puzzled.  He turns the radio down.  “What the hell is all that noise?” he says.  Michael steps out of the van to look.

Michael is outside the van and looks way behind the van.  He becomes shocked and stunned to see a big commotion in the distance!  “Oh my god!” he shouts.  “Diane!  Mom!  Nicolas, Mickey get out here!”
“What happened Michael?” Mary’s voice shouts.
“It's the girls!  They're fighting over there!”
“What!” Mary‘s, Diane D‘s, Nicolas‘s, Mickey‘s voices shout.  Michael races off towards the commotion!  Diane D, Mary, Nicolas, Mickey and members of the Diaz-Davidson Band step out of the van to look!  They look way behind the van.  They become shocked and stunned as they look towards the commotion!  “Oh my god!” Nicolas shouts.  Nicolas races off towards the commotion!  
“Girls!” Mary shouts.  Mary, Diane D, Mickey and the members from the Diaz-Davidson Band race towards the commotion!

Mary, Diane D, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey and members of the Diaz-Davidson Band reach across the parking lot at the commotion!  They are all shocked and hostile surrounded by the commotion as they see two people lying on the ground hurt!  The see security holding on the Dianettes and several men from the organization holding their red, bruised, bleeding and swollen arms, hands and fingers in pain!  Mary turns to Barry and shouts, “Barry what the hell happened?!”
“The girls started fighting!” Barry shouts as he and members of the Diaz-Davidson Organization start to explain everything to Mary, Diane D, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey and members of the Diaz-Davidson Band.
Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman continue to lay on the ground surrounded by security guards with Madilyn's head bleeding as the security guards hold a towel to her bleeding head.
“I can't believe this!” Mary shouts
“I'm telling you Mary, that's Madilyn Lewis laying over there!” Barry shouts.  “And that’s her husband Randy Coleman laying right there!”  Mary, Diane D, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey, Barry and members of the Diaz-Davidson Band rush towards Madilyn Lewis.
Mary, Diane D, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey, Barry and members of the Diaz-Davidson Band shockingly look at Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman laying on the ground in pain.  “Aaaah!” Randy Coleman screams.
“He says his arm and shoulder feels broken!” one of the security guards shouts.  “He can't move them!”
“Oh no,” another security guard says.
Diane D and Mary shockingly turn to Barry as Diane D shouts, “My God Dad, the girls did all of this?!”
“Yes!” Barry shouts.
“All the girls?!” Mary shouts.
“Yes Mary each and everyone of them, Miranda, Kelly, Nancy, Charlotte, Bernice and Lonna!  They all did this just because Madilyn met them and told them she was gonna ask Diane to sing with her at her upcoming concert!”
“What!” everybody shouts.
“Yes! The girls didn't want Madilyn Lewis to meet or go to Diane!  Madilyn Lewis told the girls she was gonna go to Diane and meet Diane anyway whether the girls like it or not, so the girls went after her and attacked her because of that!  And they attacked her husband as well!”
“My god!” everyone says.
“You know Dad, the girls went too far this time!” Diane D shouts.  Diane D angrily turns from her family and races away shouting, “Girls!  Girls!”  Nicolas turns and races after Diane D!  
Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman continue to lay on the ground surrounded by security guards.

Across the parking lot, an angry Diane D lunges right at the Dianettes and is about to physically attack them shouting, “Yo what the fuck is wrong with y'all!” as the Dianettes scream and frighteningly back away from her!  A security guard quickly grabs Diane D and pulls her back!  The security guard holds on to Diane D as another security guard steps in right between the Dianettes and Diane D trying to block Diane D's path.  Diane D turns towards the security guard holding on to her and shouts to him, “Will you…!”  She suddenly stomps her foot hard right onto his foot, then swings her arm, spins her body and bangs her elbow right into his head!  
“Aaaaah!” the security guard screams as he is knocked right to the ground!  The Dianettes look on shocked and stunned!  The security guard lays there on the ground screaming, “Aaaaahhh!” as he holds his head and foot in pain!   
Diane D turns back towards the security guard who is standing between her and the Dianettes as the security guard holds his arms out still trying to block her path from the Dianettes!  Diane D angrily stares at the security guard.  She then shouts to him, “Will you step aside, or you're going to be next!”  The security guard frighteningly looks at Diane D.  He then turns and runs off!  The Dianettes frighteningly look at Diane D then turn and run off after the security guard!

Back across the parking lot, Mary and Barry look at the members of the Diaz-Davidson's Organization red, bruised and swollen arms, hands and fingers.  She then turns to Barry and shouts, “You know Barry this nonsense is gonna stop and it's gonna stop right now!”  Mary quickly turns away!  
Mary goes to a pile of two by fours laying on the ground several yards away!  She bends and grabs one of them!
“Mary what are you doing?!” Barry shouts.
Mary picks up the two by four.  She turns around and angrily hurries off shouting, “Girls!  Girls!”

Across the parking lot, the Dianettes stop running.  They turn and see Mary angrily coming their way holding the two by four.  The Dianettes puzzled look at Mary.  They then become frightened.  They turn and start to run the opposite way.  Mary chases after the Dianettes with the two by four as Barry, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey and the crowd scream and run after her!  
Mary continues to chase after the Dianettes!  She chases them towards the other side of the parking lot!

The Dianettes accidentally run right into a corner in the parking lot!  Mary traps all the Dianettes in the corner as she holds the two by four!  The Dianettes are nervous as Mary starts to shout to them, “What the hell y'all doing attacking Madilyn Lewis and her husband Randy like that and biting the guys?!”
“Aunt Mary!” Bernice nervously smiles. “We can explain!”
“Explain?!  Well explain this!”  Mary takes the two by four and swings it, whacking it hard right against Bernice's hip!  Bernice holds her hip in pain as Mary whacks her other side with the two by four!  She then whacks Bernice again!  As Bernice goes down in pain, Mary swings the two by four and whacks it against Charlotte's hip!  Charlotte holds her hip in pain as Mary whacks Charlotte's other side with the two by four then whacks Charlotte again!  As Charlotte goes down in pain, Barry, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey and the crowd try to stop Mary, but Mary swings the two by four towards them, causing them to frighteningly back away, tripping and falling over each other!  Nancy, Kelly, Miranda and Lonna try to escape as Mary quickly blocks their path and whacks the two by four right against Miranda's hip!  Miranda holds her hip in pain as Mary whacks Miranda's other side with the two by four twice!  She then whacks Miranda again!  As Miranda goes down in pain, Kelly tries to runs off, but Mary quickly blocks her path and swings the two by four hard against Kelly's side!  As Kelly's body leaps up then falls backward in pain, Mary whacks Kelly's hip twice, then whacks her other side!  As Kelly goes down in pain, Lonna tries to run off, but Mary quickly blocks Lonna’s path and swings the two by four hard against Lonna's side!  As Lonna's body leaps up, Mary whacks Lonna's side again!  As Lonna falls backward in pain, Mary whacks Lonna's hip twice, then whacks Lonna's other side twice!  As Lonna goes down in pain, Nancy quickly runs off and escapes!  Mary turns and points to Nancy shouting, “Come back you!”  
Nancy continues to race away!  
Mary starts to run after Nancy!
Nancy continues to run away as Mary goes after her!  
Barry, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey and the crowd get up off the ground!  They then run after Mary!  

As Mary continues to chase after Nancy, she suddenly traps Nancy in another corner of the parking lot!  She takes the two by four and swings it, whacking it hard against Nancy's hip!  Nancy's body jerks from the loud whack blow!  She gives a sturn angry look at Mary.  Mary then whacks Nancy's other side with the two by four twice!  Nancy goes down in pain!  She lands on her back and has her arms and legs spread out!  Mary continues to whack Nancy several times!  Nancy lays helpless on the ground as her body jerks against the blows!

Back across the parking lot, Barry, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey and the crowd race towards Mary as Nicolas shouts, “Mom you're hurting her!”
“Mary nooo!” Barry shouts as he, Nicolas, Michael, Mickey and the crowd continue to race towards Mary!

Inside the mall, the crowd is still waiting anxiously for Diane D and The Dianettes to appear on stage, totally unaware of what's going on outside the back of the building in the parking lot.  A security guard inside the mall suddenly gets a call on his walkie talkie.  He speaks into the walkie talkie and says, “Hello?  ......  What!  They're fighting out there?!”  Many people in the crowd hear the security guard and look at him stunned as he continues to speak into his walkie talkie and shouts, “Oh my goodness, you're kidding!  No wonder why there's no action going on, on the stage!  All the action is happening out there!  …..  The police is on their way?  Alright, I'm on my way!”  The security guard disconnects and redials his walkie talkie!  He then shouts into it, “Calling all security calling all security!  There's trouble out back!  We have to get to it!”  The security guard and several other guards hurry off to the back as the crowd look at them stunned.  The crowd anxiously start to follow the guards to the back!  Other security guards stop the crowd from going to the back!  The crowd becomes anxious and hostile!  “What's going on back there?!” a man in the crowd asks.  “We overheard they're fighting back there!”
“They are but we can't let anybody back there!” the security guard shouts.  The crowd starts to scream and become hostile!

Several police cars and ambulances hurry to the scene!

The paramedics are in the parking lot.  They have Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman each in a stretcher as they surround them.  They lift each of the stretchers and put them into an ambulances.  Other paramedics tend to several men from the organization who were bitten.

In the upstairs office, paramedics tend to the other guys who were bitten.  They wrap heavy bandages around the guys' red, bruised, bleeding and swollen arms and fingers.  “You all might have to get shots and stitches for this,” one of the paramedics says.  “This looks horrible.”  The guys worriedly look at the paramedics.

Around an hour later inside the police station lobby, members from the Diaz-Davidson Band, Diaz-Davidson Organization, reporters and an entire crowd of people including Latin duo singers Carmen and Rachel stand around anxiously as they hear a whole bunch of shouting going on in the back of the police station!  
Michael, Barry, Nicolas, Tomas and Tonio suddenly come from the back of the police station out to the lobby as the crowd approaches them.  “So what's going on?!” Aunt Celeste asks.
“The police got all the girls!” Barry says.
“Oh no!” the crowd shouts.
“Yeah!  The girls might not be able to come home tonight!  They all might have to go to jail!”
“What!”
“Where's Diane, Mary, Margarita and Marilyn?!” Uncle Charles asks. 
“They're all back there with the girls!” Barry says.
“So what's happening back there?!”
“The girls are all screaming and shouting that Madilyn Lewis started the whole thing!  Now the girls want to file a lawsuit against Madilyn Lewis and sue her!”
“What?!”
“They want to file a lawsuit against Madilyn Lewis and sue her!” Aunt Mindy asks.
“Yes!” Barry says.  “They said Madilyn Lewis started everything by challenging them, by telling them that she was gonna go to Diane and ask Diane to sing with her at her upcoming concert!  They claim they told Madilyn Lewis not to go near Diane, but Madilyn Lewis was about to go to Diane anyway regardless of what the girls said, they said that's why they attacked her!  They said it's not their fault all of this happened, because they never expected to, planned to or even wanted to come out here in the first place!  It was the spur of the moment thing for them!”
“They still had no right to attack Madilyn Lewis!  Madilyn Lewis had a right to meet Diane if she wanted to!  Even if she doesn't sing with Diane, she still had a right to just simply meet her!”
“We all know that Aunt Mindy, but the girls didn't want Madilyn Lewis to meet Diane!  They didn't want Madilyn Lewis going anywhere near Diane!  They don't want Madilyn Lewis singing with Diane and they don't want any other female singer or female singing group going near Diane or singing with Diane!  They said they don't care what anybody says, they said they're not gonna share Diane with any other female singer or female singing group period, that's it!”
“Share Diane?!” Uncle Charles asks.
“That's right, that's exactly what they said! They said that the next female singer or female singing group that even approaches Diane or come anywhere near Diane, that female singer or female singing group is gonna have a problem!”
“Have a problem?!”
“That’s what they said.”
“Really,” Aunt Mindy says.  “What kind of problem Barry?!  They can't stop any certain person or certain people from going near Diane!”
“Yeah but they did!   They certainly succeeded in stopping Madilyn Lewis and her husband from going near Diane!  Madilyn Lewis still didn't get a chance to meet Diane you know!” 
Mary, Margarita and Marilyn suddenly come from the back and approach the crowd.  The crowd anxiously approach them.  “They're not letting the girls go!” Margarita shouts.  “They're sending the girls to jail!”
“What?!” the crowd shouts. 
“For how long?!” Uncle Charles asks. 
“We don't know yet!” Margarita says.
“Where's Diane?”
“She's still back there with the girls chewing them all out!”
“She's still chewing them out?” Barry asks.  
“Yeah.”
“What are the girls saying?“
“Nothing.  They're just sitting there still in pain.”
“Did the police say how Madilyn Lewis and her husband are doing?”
“The other officer just said Madilyn Lewis and her husband might have to be kept in the hospital for a few days,” Mary says.  “And they said Madilyn Lewis's upcoming concert at Madison Square Garden have to be canceled or postponed for a few or several months.”
“What!” the crowd shouts.  “A few or several months!  Oh no!”
Barry then shouts, “First The Punky Gurlz concert in Paris had to be canceled and postponed, now Madilyn Lewis's concert has to be canceled and postponed, all because of the girls!”
“Excuse me Diane D's family,” a male white reporters says.  “I just want to ask you all, do any of you know why the Dianettes refuse to share Diane D with other female singers?”
“No we have no idea why!” Margarita says.  
“And we don't think Diane herself even knows why!” Barry shouts.
Diane D angrily slams the door behind herself as she comes from the back room.  Her family, relatives, reporters and the rest of the crowd anxiously approach her.  “Diane!” everybody shouts.  “Diane D!”  Everybody starts to surround Diane D.
“How are you doing Diane D!” the reporter asks. 
“Not good at all!” Diane D shouts.
“No?  Well can I ask you some questions?”
“No you may not ask me any questions!  I am not in a mood to answer any questions okay!  All I know is, I need a cigarette right now!”  Diane D angrily turns and walks through her family, walking away from everybody.  
“What?” everyone says as they all turn and stare at Diane D as she walks to the back of the precinct. “A cigarette?”
The crowd turns to Diane D‘s family as the reporter says to them, “I had no idea Diane D smokes!  Doesn't she preaches against that?”  Everyone looks at the reporter.  They then turn and are about to follow after Diane D.
Michael quickly puts himself in front of everybody and stops them as he shouts, “Diane is alright!   She just needs some time away from all of this!   I'll go keep her company.”  Michael turns away from everyone and follows off after Diane D as everyone sadly looks towards him.  
Barry sadly turns to everyone and says, “Man.  I bought the girls out here just to please the crowd when I heard several thousand people were out at the Staten Island Mall waiting to see them all.  Now all this happens.”
“We understand Barry,” Margarita says, “but none of us knew that Madilyn Lewis was gonna be there at the Staten Island Mall when we decided to bring Diane and the girls out here.  None of us knew that. And none of us knew that Madilyn Lewis even had intentions on singing with Diane and the girls!”
“I know.  We all found out Madilyn Lewis was planning to sing with Diane and the girls the same time the girls found out.  It was like an ambush to all of us and the girls.”  Everyone sadly looks at Barry.
The Latin duet singers Carmen and Rachel stand behind the crowd looking on.  Carmen then turns to Rachel and whispers, “Hey Rachel!  Maybe we can try to catch and talk to Diane D out in the back while the Dianettes are in custody.  They can’t stop us now.”
“That's right they sure can‘t,” Rachel says.  “This might be our only chance and opportunity to talk to Diane D with the Dianettes out of the way.  Come on let's go for it.  We'll go out the front then sneak around to the back.”
“Okay.”  Carmen and Rachel excitingly grab and hold each other as they quietly chant, “No stopping, no stopping.”  They turn and hurry towards the front entrance. 

Carman and Rachel excitingly leave out the front entrance of the police station then turn and hurry around the corner towards the back.

Several minutes later in the back room of the police station, two police officers are trying to control the angry Dianettes as the Dianettes sit on chairs, holding their waists, hips and backsides in pain.  A third officer comes into the room.  One of the officers in the room turns to him and asks, “Where is Diane D at?”
“I just saw Diane D and her husband outside in the back,” the third officer says.
“Outside in the back?   What are they doing back there?”
“I don't know.  I see those two ladies trying to talk to them.”
“Two ladies trying to talk to them?  What two ladies?”
“Carmen and Rachel.”
“Carmen and Rachel?  Who are they?”
“You know, the two Latin singers that be singing Latin music at the clubs.”
“What!” the Dianettes shout.  The Dianettes leap up from the chairs!  They bust away from the police, knocking the police down!  They charge towards the door and run right out of it!  The police quickly get up and hurry towards the door after the Dianettes!











Chapter 39

Cheetah Girls! 


Outside the back of the police station, Michael has Diane D in front of him holding on to her while she angrily looks at Carmen and Rachel as he shouts to them, “Look ladies!  Diane is not in the mood to talk with you or anybody else right now!”
“But we have to talk to her now while we got the chance!” Carmen shouts.
“That‘s right!” Rachel shouts.  “Especially while the Dianettes are in custody!”
“Exactly!  So Diane D, would you like to perform with me and Rachel at the club next Saturday night?!  We need to know now!”
“Yeah Diane D, we‘ll pay you big bucks too!  Why don’t we just book you with us right now!”
Suddenly, the sound of a door bangs open!  “Get the fuck away from her!” angry female voices from a distance shout.  Michael, Diane D, Carmen and Rachel quickly turn their heads to look.  They quickly become shocked at what they see.
The Dianettes are charging right out the back door of the police station as the three police officers charge out of the station after them!  The Dianettes charge right towards Carmen and Rachel!  Carmen and Rachel turn and run for their lives!  The Dianettes turn and continue to charge right after Carmen and Rachel! 
More police run out of the back door after the Dianettes!

Carmen and Rachel run into the street!  They then run down the street!
The Dianettes run into the street continuing to charge after Carmen and Rachel!
Carmen and Rachel start to split up and run in different directions!
The Dianettes see Carmen and Rachel split up!  They slow down then split up as Miranda and Nancy turn and start to chase after Carmen!
Miranda and Nancy race down the street after Carmen!  They catch up to Carmen and grab her by her hair, shirt and collar!   Carmen continues to run as Miranda and Nancy violently pull her hair, shirt and collar causing Carmen’s head and shoulders to jerk backwards, but causing her shirt and collar to rip!  Miranda and Nancy run continuing to hold onto Carmen!  The police catch up to Miranda and Nancy!  They grab Miranda and Nancy, causing Miranda and Nancy to lose their grip on Carmen.  Carmen continues to run away as the police, Miranda and Nancy trip and fall!  The police tightly hold onto Miranda and Nancy as they all land on the ground!

On the opposite side of the street, Lonna, Charlotte, Bernice and Kelly chase after Rachel!  They catch up to Rachel and push her forward, knocking her down to the ground!  Rachel lands on the ground.  She frighteningly tries to get up off the ground but Lonna, Charlotte, Bernice and Kelly jump right on her large back knocking her back down to the ground again!  Other police officers catch up to Lonna, Charlotte, Bernice and Kelly and grab them!  Rachel gets up off the ground!  She is out of breath!  She frighteningly runs off again as the police hold tightly onto Lonna, Charlotte, Bernice and Kelly!  Lonna, Charlotte, Bernice and Kelly angrily try to break away from the police!  They then stop and angrily stare towards Rachel as Rachel continues to run!  

Rachel and Carmen catch up with each other!  They then run together again in the distance!

The following day, a man is sitting on the subway reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: THE DIANETTES ATTACK ANOTHER FEMALE SINGER!

A woman is sitting in a salon reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: THE DIANETTES ARRESTED FOR ATTACKING R&B SINGER MADILYN LEWIS AND HER HUSBAND RANDY COLEMAN IN BACK OF STATEN ISLAND MALL!

A man is sitting on a railroad train, reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANETTES ATTACK FEMALE R&B SINGER MADILYN LEWIS AFTER BITING SEVERAL MEN FROM THE DIAZ-DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION!

A man is sitting on the bus, reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D AND DIANETTES NEVER MADE IT TO THE STAGE AT THE STATEN ISLAND MALL AS SEVERAL THOUSAND PEOPLE WAIT SEVERAL HOURS FOR THEIR APPEARANCE ON THE STAGE!

A man at the bus stop is reading an article in the paper with a headline that reads: DIANETTES ARRESTED FOR THE BITING AND THE FIGHTING!  

A woman is sitting in a coffee shop reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: AS MADILYN LEWIS AND HUBBY RANDY COLEMAN LAY ON GROUND IN PAIN, THE DIANETTES GET A WHACKING AND A CANING FROM DIANE D'S MOM!  

A man is sitting in a barber shop reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S MOM FURIOUSLY CANES THE DIANETTES FOR THE SAVAGE BITING AND THE SAVAGE ATTACK ON MADILYN LEWIS AND HUSBAND!

A woman in a store is reading a newspaper article with headlines that reads: AFTER THE DIANETTES ATTACK MADILYN LEWIS AND HER HUSBAND RANDY COLEMAN OUTSIDE BACK OF MALL, THEY TRY TO ATTACK TWO LATIN FEMALE SINGERS RIGHT OUTSIDE BACK OF POLICE STATION!

A man is sitting in the train station reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: ATTACK OF THE ANGRY WOMEN!  THE DIANETTES RAN AND CHASED AFTER MADILYN LEWIS AND HER HUSBAND RANDY COLEMAN ATTACKING THEM OUTSIDE BACK OF STATEN ISLAND MALL, THEN LATER CHASED AFTER TWO LATIN FEMALE SINGERS OUTSIDE BACK OF POLICE STATION!  

A woman is sitting in her living room reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: MADILYN LEWIS LAYS IN HOSPITAL SUFFERING FROM CONCUSSION AND OTHER INJURIES AS RANDY COLEMAN LAYS IN HOSPITAL SUFFERING A BROKEN ARM, A DISLOCATED SHOULDER AND OTHER INJURIES!

A man is sitting in a barber shop reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: CHEETAH GIRLS!  POLICE AND WITNESSES SAY THE DIANETTES RAN LIKE CHEETAHS AFTER A PREY WHEN THEY CHASED AFTER AND ATTACKED MADILYN LEWIS AND HER HUSBAND RANDY COLEMAN IN PARKING LOT OF STATEN ISLAND MALL THEN CHASED AFTER TWO LATIN FEMALE SINGERS CARMEN AND RACHEL IN BACK OF POLICE STATION ATTACKING THEM AS WELL!

Several Deejays inside a radio station are sitting around reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANETTES TO ALL FEMALE SINGERS: STAY AWAY FROM DIANE D OR ELSE!  One of the male Deejays turns to the others and says, “Hey!  Did y'all read this article about what happened at the Staten Island Mall yesterday?!”
“Yeah I read it,” a second male deejay says.
“Me too,” a third male deejay says.  “That was terrible what happened to Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman.”
“Yeah it was,” a female deejay says.  “I heard it on the news this morning.  Wasn't it horrible about the Dianettes biting the men from the Diaz-Davidson Organization who tried to stop them from going after Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman?”
“Yeah,” the first male deejay says.  “It says five or six of the guys from the Diaz-Davidson Organization practically had their flesh ripped right from their arms and two other guys practically had their fingers bitten off!  They had to get shots and stitches!”
“Yeah I heard that too.  My God, the Dianettes went THAT far to keep Madilyn Lewis away from Diane D?”
“It certainly sounds that way!”
“Are Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman still in the hospital?” a second female deejay asks.
“As far as I know they are,” a first male deejay says.  “They might have to stay in the hospital for a few or several days!  Now Madilyn Lewis' upcoming concert at Madison Square Garden have to be canceled, just like the Punky Gurlz' concert in Paris had to be canceled.”
“Boy that's a shame.”
“It is.  Did y'all read where Diane D's mom cane and whacked all the Dianettes with a big two by four stick for attacking Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman and biting the guys from their organization.”
“Yeah,” the third male deejay says.  “I heard Diane D's mom whacked the hell out of the Dianettes' hinies.”
“I heard that too,” the second male deejay says.  “I guess the Dianettes won't be able to dance or sit for a while after that.”
“Oh no?” the first male deejay says.  “You didn't hear about the Dianettes trying to attack two other female singers outside the back of the police station after they got arrested!”
“What!“ everybody shouts.
“Yeah!  It says right here that while the Dianettes were in police custody, they heard that two female Latin singers were outside the back of the police station trying to talk to Diane D!  When they heard that, they went berserk!  It says that the Dianettes broke lose away from the police and ran right out the back door of the police station!  They saw the two female singers talking to Diane D and went charging right after them!”
“What?!” everybody shouts.
“The Dianettes went charging after two female Latin singers because the Latin singers were talking to Diane D?!” the second male deejay asks.
“Yeah!” the first male deejay says.  “Those two female singers had to run for their lives!”
“They had to run for their lives?!  Oh no!  Who were the two Latin female singers?”
“The duo Carmen and Rachel!  The ones that be singing at night clubs sometimes!”
“Oh them?!” the first female deejay asks.  “The Dianettes chased after Carmen and Rachel too?!”
“Yeah!  The police had to chase after the Dianettes to stop them!  Police and witnesses said the Dianettes were running like cheetahs after a prey when the Dianettes were chasing after Madilyn Lewis, her husband Randy Coleman and Carmen and Rachel!”
“Wow!  I hear the Dianettes and Diane D can really run, so can Diane D‘s cousin Dana!”
“Yeah I heard that too!” the second male deejay says. 
“They can!” the first male deejay says.  “But the police caught up with the Dianettes and grabbed the Dianettes when the Dianettes went after Carmen and Rachel!  So that caning and whacking the Dianettes got from Diane D's mom didn't seem to stop their behavior at all!  They were still able to run after that and they were still able to chase after Carmen and Rachel and still give Carmen and Rachel a beat down.”
“Wow, are the Dianettes still in jail?”
“Hell yeah they’re still in jail!”
“All of them?”
“Yep every single one of them!  Now that they’re in jail, I guess they can’t stop any female singers from talking to Diane D now.”
“No they sure can’t, so all you female singers out there who wishes to sing and collaborate with Diane D, get your chance to talk to Diane D now while you can.”
“That right.”  They all then look back towards the newspaper.

Inside the hospital lobby, a crowd and reporters are all standing around hostile talking to a black male doctor around his 50's!  A male reporter speaks to the doctor and asks, “How are Madilyn Lewis and her husband Randy Coleman doing?”
“They're still in a lot of pain,” the doctor says.  “We're keeping them here for observation for a few more days.”
“What about the men from the Diaz-Davidson Organization who were bitten by the Dianettes?” a second male reporter asks.  “How are they doing?”
“Oh they were taken to a different hospital. They had to get shots and stitches.”  The crowd looks at the doctor stunned.

A week later, Mickey is inside the living room of Margarita and Tomas‘ mini-mansion. The telephone suddenly rings.  Mickey picks up the telephone receiver.  He speaks into the receiver and says, “Hello?  ....   Hey Charlotte!  How are you and the girls doing?! .....  That's good!  How're y'all feeling? ..... That's good.  ..... Bail?  I think Mom's mind is already made up Charlotte.  She says she's not gonna pay bail for you and the rest of the girls.  .....  Hold on.  I'll ask her again.”  Mickey turns his head towards the kitchen and shouts, “Ma!  Charlotte se encuentra en el telefono de nuevo!  Ella y las muchachas quieren saber puede usted, el papa, la Abuela y el Abuelo sacarlos de la carcel!”
“Look, Charlotte y el resto de las muchachas me llamaron cinco veces ya!” Mary’s voice shouts.  “Yo ya les dije, que van a permanence en la carcel que se ensena una leccion!  Tienen que permanecer en la carcel hasta que corte!”
Mickey gets back on the phone and says, “I'm sorry Charlotte, Mom says you and the rest of the girls are gonna have to stay in jail until your court date.”  Mickey listens in the phone.  He turns back to Mary and shouts, “Ma Charlotte dice que la decision de la corte no es hasta dentro de tres semanas.  Ella dice que no es justo para ella que se separan o se alejan de Kenny!  Estan casadas!”
“No tienen libertad bajo fianza!  Mi mente esta hecha!”
Mickey speaks back into the phone and says, “I'm sorry Charlotte, Mama no va a cambiar su mente.”  Mickey listens in the phone.  He turns back to his mother and shouts, “Ma!  Charlotte dice que no es justo para ella separarse de su marido cuando Madilyn Lewis que comenzo todo se pone para quedarse y estar con su marido!”
“Charlotte y el resto de las muchachas ne estan saliendo de la carcel, eso es todo!  No quiero escuchar mas!”
Mickey speaks back into the phone and says, “I'm sorry Charlotte, Mama todavia no va a cambiar su mente.  ….  Oh Diane se fue con la abuela, el abuelo, a todos los demas para hablar con usted y los abogados de las ninas.  ….  Si.  Todos deberian estar en un momento posterior.  ….  Quieres hablar con mama? …. Hold on.”  Mickey turns to his mother again and shouts, “Ma Charlotte quiere hablar con usted!  Ella aun quiere salir bajo fianza!”
Mary approaches Mickey and says, “Parece que ella es no tomar un no por respuesta.”  Mary takes the phone receiver.  She speaks into the receiver and shouts, “Charlotte, que parte de ‘no‘ no te entiendo?!  Usted y las muchachas no van a recibir un rescate de la carcel! .....  Usted no debe estar lejos de Kenny? ....  Oh Charlotte, me das pena.  Debe haber pensado en ello antes de que used y el resto de las chicas compensator morder y luchar!  Si desea ver Kenny, que puede venir con el resto de nosotros cuando todos nos visita usted manana!  Vale?!  Ahora quiero que las ninas para descansar un poco.  Nos vemos manana.”  Mary hangs up the telephone.  She is about to walk away.  The telephone rings again.  Mary stops and puzzled looks at the telephone.  She then picks it up the telephone receiver.  She speaks into it and says, “Hello?  ....  Yes this is the Diaz-Davidson Organization.  ....  No Diane is not here right now.  What can I do for you? .....  I'm sorry Diane has her hands full right now, she can't come visit any schools or lecture at any schools at this time.  ....  Her hands are full!  All of our hands are full right now with the girls being locked up and their trial coming up.  We don't have time for anything else.  Sorry.  Call back another time.”  Mary hangs up the telephone and walks away.

It is three weeks later.  Tons of people are in the lobby of the courthouse including several reporters.  Diane D's family comes into the lobby from outside with three attorneys.  The reporters approach them as a male white reporter asks, “So how are you all doing?  Are you ready for the Dianettes’ trial?  I see you all have the Dianettes' lawyers with you.”
“Yes we do,” Barry says.  He then turns to the lawyers and says, “We’re ready guys.”  Barry turns to his family and lead them and the lawyers into the courtroom.
Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman suddenly appear walking towards the courtroom wearing bandages around their heads, arms and shoulders.  Their lawyers walk right behind them.  
The crowd and reporters see Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman.   They anxiously approach them shouting, “Madilyn Lewis!  Randy Coleman!”
“How are you two feeling?” the reporter asks.
“Not good,” Madilyn Lewis says.  “I just want to go to trial and get this over with.  Come on Randy.”  Madilyn Lewis lead Randy Coleman and their lawyers into the courtroom.

A couple of hours later, Diane D, her family, her relatives and the Dianettes and the Dianettes' families are at the end of the hallway smiling, hugging and celebrating that the Dianettes are coming home.  Diane D suddenly looks down the hallway.  She becomes excited.  She then turns to Mary and says, “Hey Mom!”  Mary looks at Diane D as Diane D says to her, “There goes Madilyn Lewis right there!” as she points her finger towards Madilyn Lewis.  Mary looks down the hallway towards Madilyn Lewis.  The Dianettes then turn their heads and look right at Madilyn Lewis.  

Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman are down the other end of the hallway looking back towards Diane D, Mary and the Dianettes.

The Dianettes give Madilyn Lewis a hard stare.  Mary then says to Diane D, “You want to meet her?”
“Meet her?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah.  Why don’t you go say ‘hello’ to her?”
“Say ‘hello’ to her?  You think I should Mom?” 
“Why not?  Go for it.  I’ll come with you.”
“You will?”
“Of course I will.”
“Okay, let’s do it then.”  Diane D and Mary are about to head down the hallway towards Madilyn Lewis.  Suddenly, the Dianettes come right in front of Diane D and Mary and stop Diane D and Mary right in their tracks deliberately blocking Diane D and Mary from seeing Madilyn Lewis and blocking Madilyn Lewis from seeing them as Nancy says, “Hey Diane, Aunt Mary!   There’s a news caster outside who wants to interview you two!”
“What?” Diane D says.  “A news caster outside wants to interview us?”
“Yeah.”
“What news caster?” Mary asks.  
“A news caster from one of those cable news channels,” Miranda says.
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“We didn’t hear anything about a news caster wanting to interview us,” Diane D says.
“That’s because they just showed up,” Lonna says.
“They did?”
“Yeah,” Bernice says.  “Come on.  We’ll take you outside to them.”
“We’ll see them in a few minutes girls.”
“But they said if they don’t interview you now Diane, they’ll leave because they have another person to interview,” Charlotte says.
“They have another person to interview?” Mary asks.  
“Yeah.”
“Okay.”  Mary turns to Diane D and says, “Let’s take a quick look outside Diane.”
“Okay,” Diane D says.  Charlotte, Bernice, Lonna, Nancy, Miranda and Kelly turn and happily lead Diane D and Mary right towards the exit door.  They then turn their heads and give a quick glare at Madilyn Lewis as they take Diane D and Mary right out the building!  Everyone else in the hallway go out the exit door following Diane D, Mary and the Dianettes out the building!  

Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman shocking stare towards the exit door.

The following day, several deejays at a radio station are sitting around reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: JUDGE ORDERS DIANETTES TO PAY FINE AND PUTS THEM ON ONE-YEAR PROBATION!  JUDGE ORDERS DIANETTES INTO COUNSELING FOR THE BITING AND THE CONSTANT FIGHTING!  The first male deejay turns to the others and says, “Hey!  The Dianettes got let out of jail!  The judge fined them and putted them on a one-year probation and ordered them to get counseling for the biting and the fighting!”
“Yeah I heard,” a second male deejay says.  “So now that the trial is over and the Dianettes are let out of jail, you think Diane D is gonna kick those Dianettes to the curb for what they did?”
“Well according to this article she's not!”
“She's not?!  What do you mean?”
“Read this.”  The first male deejay hands a couple of articles to the second male deejay.  
The second male deejay takes the paper.  He sees the article in the newspaper with headlines that read: JUDGE PUTS DIANETTES ON ONE-YEAR PROBATION AND RELEASES THEM INTO THE CUSTODY OF DIANE D'S FAMILY!  “What!” the second male deejay shouts.  “Diane D's family has custody of the Dianettes?!”
“Yeah!   Her family and some of their relatives do!  They all signed to take custody and responsibility of the Dianettes while the Dianettes are on probation!  Diane D's family have to make sure the Dianettes get counseling too!”
“What!” the third male deejay shouts.  “You're kidding!”
“No I'm not kidding!  It says so right there!  Not only that, being that Diane D's family are responsible for the Dianettes, it says that they're planning to move all the Dianettes into Diane D's paternal grandparents' home with Diane D, Dana and Diane D’s other relatives for a whole year or more!”
“What!”
“Yeah!  They'll move the Dianettes back and forth between both sets of grandparents' homes, but they're gonna move the Dianettes into Diane D's paternal grandparents' home first.  Diane D's family want to keep a close eye on the Dianettes to make sure the Dianettes stay out of trouble!  Diane D's family and their relatives are gonna make sure the Dianettes get counseling because they're gonna take the Dianettes to counseling themselves!”
“What?!” everyone shouts. 
“Doesn't Diane D's family already have custody of Diane D herself and her cousin Dana?!” the woman deejay says. 
“Yeah!” the first male deejay says.  “That's exactly why Diane D’s family want to move the Dianettes into Diane D's paternal grandparents' house so they can keep an eye on Diane D and her cousin Dana at the same time!”
“My God!” the third male deejay shouts. “Diane D's parents and grandparents had to deal with the Dianettes constantly fighting other female singers over Diane D and wind up going to jail for it, they had to deal with her cousin Dana fighting and beating up female police officers injuring them for life and going to jail for it, they had to deal with her allegedly chasing that reporter Felix Green on the highway shooting at him three times, they had to deal with Diane D herself getting out of control constantly kicking security guards in the groin and going to jail for it, they had to deal with Diane D walking out into the audience to punch and knock a reporter out right in the middle of her show, breaking his nose and breaking his jaw in three places then wind up going to jail for that, they had to deal with her allegedly cheating on her husband and threatening her Jamaican lover’s girlfriend then sped to the woman‘s place of residence to assault her, they had to deal with her kung fu kicking some guy’s wife in the face when the wife confronts her for asking her husband to be her date for some High School dance, they had to deal with her allegedly beating the crap out of that little boy Marcus inside that school hallway, they have to deal with her literally dragging them and several other people all at once whenever she gets angry and out of control, they had to deal with her allegedly trying to give her cousin Dana an abortion, they had to deal with her allegedly trying to give her husband a vasectomy, they had to deal with her allegedly kung fu kicking a storage room door inside a hospital clinic hallway wide open, they had to deal with making her resign from the hospital because the employees at the hospital are afraid to work around her and they had to deal with not ever letting her work in any of their own Dominican Hair salons because even the employees at the salons are afraid to work around her!  It sounds like Diane D's parents and grandparents are gonna have their hands full dealing with all those angry women!”
“It sure sounds that way,” the first male deejay says.  The people continue to read the article.

Madilyn Lewis is inside her hotel room in tears as Randy Coleman and a couple of family and friends surround her trying to comfort her.  They look at and read the newspaper articles with headlines that reads: JUDGE PUTS DIANETTES ON ONE-YEAR PROBATION AND RELEASES THEM INTO THE CUSTODY OF DIANE D'S FAMILY!  JUDGE ORDERS DIANETTES INTO COUNSELING FOR THE BITING AND THE FIGHTING!  Madilyn Lewis then shouts, “Those Dianettes attacked me and my husband, and after that, they chased those two Latin female singers right outside the back of the police station then attacked them and that's all they're gonna get is counseling and a one-year probation?!” 
“I'm sorry things didn't turn out for you Madilyn,” Madilyn‘s sister Gina says.  “Did y'all see Diane D in the courtroom?”
“Yeah we saw Diane D in the courtroom and she saw us!” Randy Coleman shouts.  
“She did?”
“Yeah!  We saw her again outside the courtroom in the hallway when the trial was over!  She, her family, her relatives and the Dianettes and the Dianettes' families were way down at the other end of the hallway all smiling, hugging and celebrating that the Dianettes were coming home!  Then Diane D saw us again from down the hallway!”
“She did?”
“Yeah.”
“Diane D seemed excited when she saw me,” Madilyn Lewis says.  
“She did?” Gina asks.
“Yeah.  I saw her turn to her mother and pointed me out to her mom.”
“She pointed you out to her mom?”
“She sure did.  Then I saw the Dianettes looking at me.  Then I saw Diane D’s mom saying something to her as she nodded her head towards me.  I don’t know what Diane D’s mom said to Diane D, but it looked like she was telling Diane D ‘Let’s go over and meet me’.”
“It did?”
“That’s what it looked like because for a second, it looked like Diane D and her Mom were about to come right towards me.”
“It did?”
“Yes!”
“Then what happened?”
“The next thing I know, is that all of the Dianettes came right in front of Diane D and her mom telling them something, like they were deliberately blocking my view from Diane D so I couldn’t see her and blocking her view away from me so she couldn‘t see me!  They stopped me and Diane D from looking at each other!  Then I saw the Dianettes excitedly lead Diane D and her mom right out the building like they were trying to get Diane D away from my view!  Then I saw everyone else following them out the building!  I wanted to send somebody out there to Diane D to tell her I want to meet her, but I couldn't send anybody to her with the Dianettes around!  Now I read right here that Diane D’s family have custody of the Dianettes and is moving all the Dianettes into her paternal grandparents' house with Diane D and her relatives and they are moving the Dianettes in with them for a year?!  Now I'll never get a chance to meet or talk to Diane D now that she's gonna have the Dianettes living in the same house with her!  Those Dianettes succeeded again in stopping me and Diane D from ever meeting each other!”
“Oh Madilyn, maybe there's a way you can be able to speak to Diane D. Maybe you can find out her paternal grandparents' telephone number and give that number a call.”
“Diane D's cousin Dana lives there with Diane D's paternal grandparents you know,” Randy Coleman says.  “Diane D and her family have custody of Dana too!  What if Dana picks up the telephone like she did when the Punky Gurlz called there?!  If Dana picks up the telephone and finds out that it is Madilyn Lewis on the other end of the telephone, she's gonna curse Madilyn out just like she cursed the Punky Gurlz out!  She's not gonna care WHO Madilyn Lewis is, celebrity or no celebrity!  She's gonna tell Madilyn to stay the hell away from her cousin Diane just like she told the Punky Gurlz that and she did not care WHO the Punky Gurlz were.  She did not care that they are celebrities!  She didn’t see them as celebrities!  The way Dana would see it, is that Madilyn is causing disturbance around her family, that's the way Dana saw it with the Punky Gurlz!  As far as she is concerned, they are no celebrities to her!”
“The Dianettes probably whispered in Dana’s ear and told Dana not to let the Punky Gurlz speak to Diane D.”
“Anything is possible.”  
“That's alright,” Madilyn Lewis cries.  “I don't need to find out Diane D's paternal grandparents' telephone number.  I don't need anybody who picks up the other end of the phone cursing at me!  It's just not worth it.  I'm just gonna have to forget about ever meeting Diane D.  Whenever my concert comes around, I'll just find another singer to do a duet with.”  Madilyn Lewis starts to tear more heavily as Randy Coleman, Gina and the other people sadly surround her.

It is four days later.  A crowd of people and reporters are outside the organization all anxious as they knock on the door.  The door opens.  Barry steps outside.  “Where's Diane D and the Dianettes?!” a male white reporter asks.
“They do not want to talk to anybody right now,” Barry says.  “So if you would all please go away, my family and I would appreciate it!  Thank you!”  Barry turns away and goes back inside the door, slamming the door behind himself.

It is three weeks later.  Margarita is inside her office.  The telephone rings.  Margarita picks up the telephone receiver.  She speaks into the receiver and says, “Hello Diaz-Davidson Organization.”
“Hello, is this Margarita Diaz-Davidson?” Emily a young white female says.
“Yes this is.  What can I do for you?”
“Well my name is Emily Cohen from the School Committee.  I called your organization before because the School Committee would like for Diane D to start coming back to a few elementary schools to visit and speak to the children like she used to do.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes.  When I called your organization before, I think I spoke to Diane D's mom.  Diane D's mom told me Diane D's hands were full and that Diane D won't be able to make it to visit any schools and told me to call back another time.  Well it's another time now and I'm calling again.  So can Diane D come visit the elementary schools?”
“Oh I'm sorry, Diane is not here right now.  She left town last week.”
“She left town?”
“Yes.”
“Well where did she go?”
“She, her husband, her parents and her brothers flew down to Jamaica with her cousin Dana to stay and live with Dana's mother's family and relatives for a month.”
“Diane D flew down to Jamaica?  You mean Jamaica, West Indies?”
“Yes.”
“To stay there for a month?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“They all wanted to get away from the trial the girls had and wanted to get away from the reporters that kept coming around here.”
“Oh yeah?  Why did her cousin Dana go to Jamaica?”
“Well Dana's from Jamaica.  She always travel back and forth between New York and Jamaica.  So when it was time for Dana to go back to Jamaica, Diane and the rest of the family decided to go to Jamaica with Dana, so they all flew down to Jamaica together to stay with Dana's mother's family and relatives.”
“Oh yeah?  What about the Dianettes?  Aren't the Dianettes in Diane D's family's custody too?”
“Yes the girls are in our family's custody.  Diane and the rest of the family flew the girls down to Jamaica with them.”
“They did?”
“Yes.”
“All the Dianettes?”
“Yes, all of them.  The girls are gonna live in Jamaica with Diane and the rest of them for a month also.”
“But aren't the Dianettes supposed to be getting counseling?”
“Yes.  We are gonna have the girls go to counseling down in Jamaica while they're there.  We already made arrangements with their probation officers for the girls to go to counseling in Jamaica.  We're gonna make sure the girls get counseling where ever they are.”
“Oh I see.”
“Diane should be back in New York in a month.”
“Oh okay.  Tell her that Emily Cohen from the school committee called and we would love for her to start visiting the schools again. Tell her the children would love to see her.  We understand she doesn’t make appearances in schools anymore, ever since that hoax about the little boy who’s dying of leukemia was pulled on your family.  We were all hoping she got over that hoax and changed her mind and start coming back to schools again.”
“We tried to talk Diane into going back to the schools and talking to the children again.  We didn’t had any luck with her.”
“You didn’t?”
“No.”
“Well hopefully I can get her to change her mind if I get to meet her and talk to her.”
“Well good luck in trying to change her mind if you do get a chance to meet her.  I‘ll tell her you called.”
“Okay, thanks.  Bye.”
“Bye.”  Margarita hangs up the telephone and goes away.



















































Chapter 40

Kenny’s Flashbacks


It is evening now.  Inside the organization lobby, members of the Diaz-Davidson Band and the Diaz-Davidson Choir straighten up some furniture as bystanders stand around looking on.  Kenny is sitting down on a chair looking sad.  Melvin stops and looks at Kenny.  He approaches Kenny and says, “What's the matter Kenny?  You miss Charlotte don't you?”
“Of course I miss Charlotte,“ Kenny says.  “She's my wife.”  
Everyone else stops and turns to Melvin and Kenny as Ralph asks, “Well why didn't you fly down to Jamaica with them all?”
“Diane and her family told me I couldn't come!”
“They did?!”
“Yeah!  They said Charlotte is in their custody right now and I can't live with Charlotte because Charlotte is living with them!  They told me I can visit Charlotte, but I can't stay with her.  They said if I come down to Jamaica to visit, I would have to stay in a hotel or motel.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.”
“Man, the girls wouldn't be in this predicament in the first place if they haven't been fighting other female singers over Diane!”
“Yeah that's crazy the way they be fighting other female singers over Diane. They act like they own Diane, they don't own her!”
“That's right they sure don't,” Melvin says.
“Yeah that's true,” Anthony says.
“Yeah the girls might act like they own Diane,” Kenny says, “but to tell you the truth, Diane is no better than they are!  She acts like she owns the girls!  She tells them what to eat, what not to eat, she says to them ‘eat this eat that, don’t eat this, don’t eat that‘.  She tells them not to wear any make-up and not to drink any hard liquor.  If she catches any scent of hard liquor on any of the girls, she'll hit the ceiling!  If she catches any of the girls with make-up in their possession, she'll take away their make-up and throw their make-up right in the trash!  Then she'll start to holler and scream at the girls!  When the girls try to explain things to Diane, she'll interrupt them and start to holler and scream at them louder.  When the girls try to explain louder, Diane will interrupt them again and holler and scream at them even more loud!  She'll make a complete scene and won't care who's around!  Then she'll leave and come back with a vegetable or fruit and have the girls eat it!  And she's ready to fight and kick anybody in the groin if they hurt or harm any of the girls!  I think she's worst than they are!  Y'all remember when she fought and kicked all those security guards in the groin when those security guards got rough handling Miranda and Bernice, then she winds up getting arrested and locked up in jail behind that!  Then while she was being locked up, she tried to kick the correction officers in the groin right inside the jail cell!”
“Yeah I remember hearing about that.”
“Diane D don't really have the Dianettes eat the vegetable or fruit does she?” a female bystander asks.
“Yeah she does!  We've seen it!  If the girls don't eat the fruit or vegetable, Diane looks like she's about to jam the fruit or vegetable right down their throats!  The girls would try to break away from Diane, but Diane would not let up!  Then the girls would give in and wind up eating the fruit or vegetable!”
“That’s right,” Kenny says.  “A couple of years ago, Diane caught Bernice with make-up in her hand, then Diane went into a fit!  She ran right to Bernice and snatched the make-up right out of Bernice's hand and threw the make-up right in the trash!  Bernice was real devastated.  Then Diane hollered and screamed at Bernice.  Then she went and got a fruit and brought it right to Bernice so Bernice can eat it.  Bernice didn't want to eat the fruit so she turned around and ran off.  And do you know that Diane went and chased right after Bernice!”
“She did?” a male bystander asks.  “Are you serious man?”
“I'm dead serious, we were there!  We saw the whole thing!  Diane chased Bernice for two or three blocks!  She caught up with Bernice and grabbed her!  I thought they were about to have a fight.  The security had to come to them!  By the time we caught up to them we realized that Bernice had already ate the fruit because she was practically choking, tearing and gasping for air.”
“She was?”
“Yeah!  We think Diane might have shoved the fruit right down Bernice's throat just before we and security got to them.”
“My god,” a second female bystander says. “Did any of you ask Bernice did Diane D shove the fruit down her throat?”
“Yeah we all asked Bernice,” Melvin says.  “but she didn't answer.  Her family and Diane's family asked them both about it also, but neither Diane or Bernice ever answered the question.  They both refuse to talk about it even to this day.”
“Not only that,” Kenny says.  “A few years ago while Diane was working at the computer in her office, she smelled a scent of hard liquor right on Charlotte and Miranda when they came near her.  And do you know she went into a fit of rage, leaped up off the chair and knocked the whole damn computer and desk down, causing the computer and desk to crash to the floor and break!”
“What?!” a male bystander says.
“Yeah! Then she hollered and screamed at both Charlotte and Miranda for drinking hard liquor!”
“Really?”
“Yeah it's the truth!  We all heard Diane yelling and screaming then heard a crash.  Then we heard Diane hollering, cursing and screaming again so we all came running into her office to see what happened and to see what was going on.  When we got into her office, we were all shocked to see the computer on the floor and the desk knocked down.  We saw paper files, pens and pencils all over the floor!  We didn't know what happened!  At first I thought it was a fight in the office because it almost looked like a tornado had come through the room!  Then we all found out that Diane smelled hard liquor on Charlotte and Miranda then went into a fit of rage!  Diane's family got real upset when they came in her office and saw all the damage!”
“They saw all the damage inside her office?“
“Yeah.“
“Wow.  That sounds like the same damage that we all heard was done to the storage room door and the storage room inside the hospital.”
“Diane’s family was wondering if history repeated itself when they heard that she kung fu kicked the storage room door in the hospital then did damage inside the storage room when they went to see the damaged storage room door and damaged storage room with doctors and the authorities.”
“They wondered if history repeated itself?”
“Yeah they wondered that!  When Diane knocked the computer off the desk, her family realized the computer was damaged and couldn't be fixed.  They said all the important information and files they kept in the computer might have gotten destroyed.  Then they got upset with Charlotte and Miranda asking them did they had to come near Diane and let Diane smell the hard liquor on them.  Diane's grandparents had to buy two whole new computers and two new desks for her office.  They bought two computers just in case one of them gets knocked down in the future, the other computer will still be there.”
“They hope,” Melvin says.
“Ever since that incident, none of the girls dare to come anywhere near Diane after they sneak and take a sip of hard liquor!  They won't even come in the same building she's in.  They would rather stay outside in the cold or go home first, then clean the liquor scent off themselves before they come anywhere near Diane again.  Diane has a crazy temper you know.”
“Yeah we all seen that,” Al says.  
“My god,” the male bystander says.  “Why did Charlotte and Miranda come near Diane D after they snuck and took a sip of hard liquor?”
“They didn't know that Diane was gonna smell the hard liquor on them,” Kenny says.  “They only took a sip which was a few hours earlier!”
“Wow,” the second female bystander says.  “Maybe Diane D is allergic to the scent of hard liquor, that's why she gets irritated if she smells it.”
“Oh Diane is not allergic to the scent of hard liquor, she drinks hard liquor herself!”
“She does?”
“Yeah!  She drinks it with Dana!”
“She drinks hard liquor with Dana?”
“Yeah!  She won't get irritated if she smells the scent of hard liquor on you or anybody else out there!  Diane smells the scent of hard liquor on plenty of people, she doesn't say a word to them!  She just goes on about her business like nothing!  She smells the scent of hard liquor on us, she doesn't say a word to us about it!  She's mainly concerned about the girls, she doesn't want any of them to drink hard liquor!  But once in a while the girls would sneak and take a couple of sips of hard liquor when Diane's not around.  Then they would stay far away from Diane until they get the scent of hard liquor off themselves.  They know Diane is gonna blow her top if she smells any scent of hard liquor on any of them and they don't want any problems from her.”
“But isn’t Diane D being very hypocritical if she tells the Dianettes not to drink hard liquor then she goes and drinks hard liquor herself with her cousin Dana?”
“Yeah Diane is being very hypocritical!  You can’t tell her that!  One time in the winter, all the girls came to the organization and found out Diane was inside the building.  When they found out Diane was inside the building, they refused to go inside because they all just had a sip of hard liquor from a bar.  They almost couldn't get home because the roads were all icy and blocked, not too many people were able to drive on the icy roads.

FLASHBACK:

The Dianettes, their boyfriends and some of the band members are inside a bar having drinks.  Melvin then turns to the Dianettes and says, “Y'all shouldn't be drinking hard liquor.  You know Diane is gonna have your hides if she smells hard liquor on any of you.”
“Diane went to Philadelphia with Michael,” Nancy says.  “I don't think they're gonna be back home until tomorrow morning.  The smell of hard liquor is gonna be off us by then.”
“Yeah I hope so.”
“Are we ready to leave now?” Bill asks.
“Yeah we're ready.  Let's go back to the organization girls.”  Melvin, the Dianettes and the fellows put their drink glasses on the bar.  They turn around and walk towards the exit.

Twenty minutes later, the Dianettes and the band members are walking on the sidewalk heading towards the organization.  They reach the organization gate.  They then walk towards the organization door.  
The Dianettes and the band members reach the organization front door.  Nancy is about to unlock the door with the key.  Before she gets the chance to unlock the door, the door swings open.  Michael starts to come out of the door and runs into the Dianettes and the band members.  The Dianettes and the band members are stunned to see Michael.  “Michael!” they all shout.  
“What are you doing here?” Nancy says.
“We thought you were in Philadelphia with Diane,” Melvin says.
“We were on our way there,” Michael says, “then the person in charge of the meeting over there called on our cell phone and told us we didn't have to show up because they ran into a family emergency over there, so Diane and I had to turn around and come back.”
“Oh yeah?  Where's Diane at now?”
“She's inside.”
“What!” the Dianettes shout.
“Diane is in side?!” Nancy shouts.
“Yeah,” Michael says.
“Well I'm not going in there!” 
“Me neither!” Charlotte says.
“Why what happened?” Michael asks.  “Don't tell me you girls had some hard liquor?“”
“Yeah they did,” Kenny says.  “We all did.  We thought you and Diane weren't gonna be here until tomorrow morning!”
“Yeah we thought so too.”
“Well I'm getting out of here!” Nancy says.
“So am I,” Lonna says.  
“We're y'all gonna go?” Melvin says.  “There's hardly any vehicles driving right now.”
“Hey I see a taxi cab down the street!” Nancy shouts.  “Maybe we can catch it real quick!”
“What!” Miranda shouts.  “I don't feel like running after any cab!”
“Yeah!” Bernice says. “Especially in this cold!”
“Come on Miranda and Bernice!” Lonna shouts.  “Where are y'all gonna go?”
“We're gonna stand near the side of the building and call for another cab!” Miranda shouts.  “Y'all should stand with us too.”
“It might take a long time for another cab to come, I don't want to stand in the cold!”
“That's right!” Nancy shouts.  “Not too many vehicles are running in this icy whether!”
“Yeah, so let's just try to catch that cab!” Charlotte says.
“You're not gonna catch it Charlotte!” Miranda shouts. 
“Yes we can, it's stopped at a red light!  We can make it!”
“Yeah let's hurry and go for it!” Nancy shouts.
“Come on!” Kelly says.  Kelly, Lonna, Nancy and Charlotte turn and race down the sidewalk.  They wave their hands and call out to the taxi cab shouting, “Wait!  Taxi!  Wait!”  Everyone watches as Lonna, Kelly, Nancy and Charlotte race down the street.  
Miranda and Bernice turn and walk to the side.  The fellows look at them as Melvin asks, “Where y'all gonna go?”  
“We gonna stand near the building to keep warm while we call for another cab,” Miranda says. Miranda and Bernice go to the side of the building and cuddle to each other, shivering from the cold as Bernice takes out her cell phone and dials a number.
“I think y'all should go inside to get warm.”
“No that's okay.  We'll just wait for another cab.”
“Come on this is ridiculous!” Michael shouts.  “We can't just let y'all stand out here calling and waiting for another cab that might not show up in this whether!”
“It'll show up!”
“Come on we can't leave y'all out here!” Ralph says.
“Y'all can go inside,” Bernice says.  “Just don't tell Diane we're out here.”
“Listen,” Michael says.  “If you two don't get in here, we're gonna pick you up and bring you in here!”
“Okay,” Miranda says.  “But can we just finish calling the cab?  If the cab don't show up, I promise we'll come inside.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah.  Just bring some hot tea out here for us.”
‘Alright, but that cab better be here in ten minutes or else we're gonna pick you up and bring you in here!”
“Okay.”  
Michael and the guys stare at Miranda and Bernice.  They then go inside the organization.

Ten minutes later, Michael and the guys bring some hot tea in foam cups out the building.  They look and do not see Miranda and Bernice anywhere in sight.  “My God,” Michael says.  “Where did they go?  They're not here.”
“I guess the cab did come after all,” Melvin says.
“Good. I'm glad for their sake, because I don't want them standing out here freezing.”
“Me neither,” Ralph says.  The fellows turn around and head back towards the front door of the organization.

It is three hours later.  It is now dark.  Michael, Kenny and several other people are inside the organization lobby.  The doorbell rings.  Michael goes to answer the door as Kenny follows him.  He opens the door.  Outside stands a middle aged black male with booklets and pamphlets in his hand.  “Hello sir,” the man says.  “I'm Steward.  You're Michael, Diane D's husband right?”
“That's right,” Michael says.  “What can we do for you?”
“Well, can I leave some Jehova Witness information with you and your family's organization?”
“No thank you sir.”
“No?  Why not?”
“We don't need it right now.”
“Aah can't you just take one more pamphlet from me?”
“One more pamphlet?  What do you mean ‘one more pamphlet’?  You never gave us a pamphlet before.”
“Yes I did. I just gave the two young ladies standing out here a pamphlet.”
“Two young ladies?”
“What two young ladies?” Kenny asks.
“Two of the young ladies that be singing and dancing on stage with Diane D,” the man says.  “The Dianettes.”
“The what?!” Michael shouts.  “Don't tell me that Miranda and Bernice are still out there!”  Michael and Kenny rush out the door!  They look out at the side of the building.  They do not see anybody.  They turn to the man as Michael shouts, “Sir!  What are you talking about?!  We don't see anybody out here!”
“Well there were two young ladies that look like the Dianettes just here standing over there shivering.”
“Shivering?!” Kenny says.  “Really?!  When?!”
“A minute ago.”
“A minute ago?!” Michael says.  “There were two young ladies standing out here a minute ago?!”
“Yeah.”
“They were standing out here three hours ago!”
“Three hours ago?  Well they're not there now.  I guess when they saw me walking to this door they decided to leave because they did ask me, why was I gonna ring the bell if they already accepted a pamphlet from me.”
“Oh really!  That's probably why they accepted the pamphlet from you!  To keep you from ringing this doorbell, but you came and rang the doorbell anyway!”  Michael rushes back to the front door.  He pokes his head inside the door and shouts, “Come on guys we got work to do!  We got two young ladies to look for to pick up and bring in here!”

BACK TO PRESENT:

Back inside the organization lobby, Kenny then says, “So now we all realized a cab never came for Miranda and Bernice.  When we brought the hot tea outside to them and they weren't there, we now realized that they were hiding from us so we can think they caught a cab, but they didn't catch a cab.  They wind up standing outside the building in the cold that whole time for three hours!”
“My God,” the female bystander says.  “Well if the other four Dianettes went to catch that cab, why didn't they had the cab driver turn the cab around to pick up Miranda and Bernice?”
“Because we found out later, that the other four girls never caught that cab!”
“They never caught it?!”
“No!  They knew they weren't gonna catch that cab!”
“So why did they try to go after it?”
“They were only pretending to go after that cab!  They were only using that cab-chasing as an excuse to get away so none of them would have to face Diane!”
“Really?”
“Yeah!”
“Well if they didn't catch that cab, what happened to them?”
“They walked all the way home!”
“They walked all the way home?!   In the cold?!”
“Yep in the cold!  We had four girls walking all the way home in the cold!  We had the other two girls standing outside the building in the cold for three hours!  I mean those girls would rather face the cold than face Diane!  If it wasn't for that Jehovah Witness guy, we would have never known that Miranda and Bernice were still out there in the cold.”
“My God.  Did Diane D ever knew or found out that Miranda and Bernice were outside the building freezing or that the other four Dianettes walked all the way home in the cold?”
“No, she never knew any of the girls were out there in the freezing cold. She would have had a fit if she knew about it!  She would have chewed all of the girls out, then chewed us out for not telling her that they were out there!”
“My God.”
“I don't understand,” the male bystander says.  “Why would Diane D drink hard liquor herself and not want the Dianettes to drink it?”
“She claims it's no good for the girls or their health,” Kenny says.  “She's always lecturing the girls about their health and their eating habits.  She just wants to make sure they're eating right and eating healthy.”
“Yeah but what about her health?  Why does she drink hard liquor then?”
“We all asked Diane the same question, why does she drink hard liquor herself but she will never answer the question.  She would change the subject or just walk away from us.  Whatever the answer is, I'm afraid only she and God knows the answer.”
“Wow.  I just want to ask you.  Since the Dianettes be sneaking behind Diane D's back to take a sip of hard liquor or gotto sneak to have make-up in their possession so Diane D won't get into a fit of rage, why don't the Dianettes just stand up to Diane D and say ‘Hey!  We're grown and we do what we want to do!’”
“They tried that.  Believe me, the girls tried to tell Diane that they're grown.  It didn't do any good.  When they tried to tell Diane that they're grown, Diane did not listen to them!  She kept interrupting them by hollering and screaming at them like she didn't hear them!  It was like it went in one of her ears and right out the other.  She just continued to holler and scream at the girls even louder, totally ignoring that grown statement!  Then she'll get the girls' parents and family involved and everything, then it'll turn into a whole big hassle because the girls' parents and family members will always side with Diane, then they all will start hollering and screaming at the girls right along with Diane!”
“They do?”
“Yeah!”
“I think the girls' parents and family members probably only side with Diane just to shut her up,” Melvin says.
“They probably do.  I mean the girls just can't win against Diane!  Besides, Diane's the one who had me arrested a few times before whenever Charlotte and I got into a fight!”
“Diane D had you arrested?” the male bystander asks.
“She sure did.”
“Well what happened?”
“Diane and her family made Charlotte put out an Order of Protection against me.  Whenever I came near Charlotte, Diane and her family would have me arrested for violating the Order Of Protection!  Each of those times, I wind up staying in jail for a week or two.”
“You did?!”
“Yeah.”
“Why do you and Charlotte be fighting anyway?”
“Because she's the one who be starting the fights.  I think Charlotte's spoiled.  She's was spoiled as a child and I think she's still spoiled.  She keeps getting an attitude towards me.  If I don't do things her way, she starts arguing with me and hitting me!”
“She be hitting you?”
“Yeah.  She banged and broke my car windshield right in the middle of when I was driving.  We could have had a serious accident!  Glass could have gotten into both of our eyes and everything!  She starts all the fights, yet Diane and her family want to jump and attack me for it!  Then they would have me arrested for assaulting Charlotte and make Charlotte get an Order Of Protection against me!”
“They would?”
“Yeah!  Last year, Diane and her family had Charlotte put an Order Of Protection against me.  After that, I saw Charlotte alone and tried to talk and reason with her.  Then Diane and her family came along and caught me!  Then Diane came charging right at me like a raging bull!”
“She did?”
“Yeah!  She tried to jump and attack me, but her family came charging right after her and pulled her back!”
“They did?”
“Yeah!”

FLASH BACK:

Kenny is inside the organization hallway trying to talk to Charlotte as Charlotte stands there nervously looking around.  Charlotte then turns to Kenny and says, “Kenny would you please hurry and get out of here before Diane and the rest of my family and relatives see you!”
“Okay I'm going, I'm going,” Kenny says.  “Charlotte please think about what I said alright?  Please?”
Diane D, her family and relatives, Kelly, Bernice and Nancy suddenly appear from around the corner talking and laughing.  They all look forward and see Kenny talking to Charlotte.  They shockingly stop in their tracks.
Charlotte and Kenny nervously look at Diane D and her family.  Diane D becomes angry.  She points her arm and finger at Kenny and shouts, “Get the hell away from her!”  Diane D charges towards Kenny and shouts, “You're supposed to stay the fuck away from her!”  Diane D's family, Kelly, Bernice and Nancy charge after Diane D as she lunges straight for Kenny trying to attack him, but they all and Charlotte grab Diane D and pull her back!  They all hold tightly onto Diane D with their arms wrapped around her torso and waist as she tries to struggle away from them all continuing to yell at Kenny as she points her arm and finger at him and shouts, “Stay the fuck away from her!”
“She's my wife!” Kenny shouts.
“I don't give a good sh…!” Diane D tries to go after Kenny again, dragging her family and the Dianettes along with her as they all scream, struggling to hold on to her!  
Margarita anxiously comes in front of Diane D and shouts, “Diane stop it!”  Diane D ignores Margarita as she continues to drag her family towards Kenny as they all scream, struggling to hold on to her!  Margarita anxiously turns to Kenny and shouts, “Kenny just go please!”
“Alright fine!” Kenny says.  “I'm going!”  Kenny turns away and quickly leaves the area.

That afternoon, the police have Kenny in handcuffs leaning him against the hood of the police car as Diane D's family, Charlotte and the rest of the Dianettes stand to the side.  A police officer speaks with Diane D and says, “And you say he violated an Order Of Protection against your cousin Charlotte, his wife?”
“Yes he did,” Diane D says. 
Charlotte approaches Diane D and cries, “Diane!”
Diane D angrily turns and points her finger at Charlotte shouting, “Excuuse you, I'm not finish!”  Diane D turns her back to Charlotte as she faces the officer and continues to talk to the officer as Charlotte frustratingly walks away back to Diane D's family.

BACK TO PRESENT:

Back inside the organization lobby, Kenny says, “So that’s how Diane got me arrested.”
“I can’t believe Diane D actually had you arrested,” the female bystander says.
“Yeah.  Anytime Diane makes Charlotte get an Order Of Protection against me, she would not hesitate to call the police if she finds me anywhere near Charlotte or anywhere in the area where Charlotte is!  When she made Charlotte get an Order Of Protection against me last year, she heard I was in the area outside the organization.”
“Oh yeah?” the male bystander says.  “What happened?”
“Scott and I snuck around the organization earlier that day.  I wanted to secretly talk to Charlotte and reason with her without Diane knowing I was anywhere there.  Some people saw me.  I guess word got back to Diane that I was in the area.  I heard that Diane came to Charlotte and started yelling and screaming at Charlotte asking Charlotte did she see me or if she knew I was in the area.  So Scott and I left.  Later on that day, Scott and I came back and snuck around the organization again.  We were outside the building.  Then we heard and saw Diane and some of the girls outside around the corner.

FLASHBACK:

Kenny is walking and ducking on the grass behind a brick wall as another black male Scott walks and ducks behind him.  “Yo Kenny,” Scott says.  “Are you sure it's gonna be safe to try to talk to and reason with Charlotte?  What if Diane D or anybody else sees you?”
“Well we have to make sure that Diane or anybody else don't see me,” Kenny says.  “It's okay for Diane to see you, she doesn't know you.  She has no idea who you are, she's never seen you before.  So I need you to take a peak out there for me and see if you see Charlotte.  If you see her, try to get her attention and let her know that her husband is here.  Just don't let Diane or anybody else know that I'm here.”
“Gotcha.”
Kenny pauses as Scott heads in front of him.  Scott and Kenny come to the edge of the brick wall.  They hear hollering coming from around the corner behind the brick wall.  “That sounds like Diane,” Kenny says.  “Let's take a peak and see what's going on.”
“Okay.”  Scott and Kenny peak their heads from behind the brick wall and look around the corner.  They look way in the distance.

Around the corner way in the distance, Diane D is angrily walking away as Miranda and Bernice hurry and approach behind her.  Diane D turns to her right and throws her right arm in the air, pointing and hollering at Charlotte as Charlotte and Lonna come from another distance.  Diane D hollers, swears and points her finger at Charlotte shouting, “You keep fucking with me and you're asking for it, you hear?!”
“But Diane!” Charlotte shouts.  “I swear I didn't see Kenny!”
“You keep fucking with me!  Just keep fucking with me!”  Diane D angrily turns away from Charlotte, Lonna, Miranda and Bernice as she walks towards Scott and Kenny's direction.
Charlotte cries to Lonna, Bernice and Miranda and shouts, “See?!  She never listens to what I have to say!”
Diane D looks in the distance.  She suddenly spots Scott and Kenny peeking from behind the brick wall and stops right in her tracks!

Back around the corner behind the brick wall, Scott and Kenny quickly turn their heads away from Diane D as Scott says, “Oh oh she saw us!”
Kenny quickly hides behind the brick wall while Scott has his face turned away from Diane D.  Kenny leans his back against the brick wall.  He then looks at Scott and asks, “She didn't see our faces good did she?” 
“I don't know.”
“Diane don’t know who you are Scott.  You don't need to have your face hidden from her.  Turn your head back towards her.  Take a look back at her and tell me what she's doing.”
Scott nervously turns his head back towards Diane D and looks at her.

Back around the corner in the distance, Diane D stands there and shockingly stares towards Scott’s direction.  Lonna, Charlotte, Bernice and Miranda stand beside Diane D puzzled looking at her.  They then turn and look towards Scott‘s direction to see what Diane D is looking at.  Lonna, Charlotte, Bernice and Miranda turn their heads back towards Diane D puzzled looking at her.  They come closer to Diane D and surround her.  Lonna, Charlotte, Bernice and Miranda turn their heads back puzzled looking towards Scott’s direction again.  They turn their heads back puzzled looking at Diane D again.  Miranda comes right in Diane D's face puzzled staring in Diane D face, blocking Scott right out of her view as Lonna, Charlotte and Bernice come beside Diane D staring in Diane D's face also.

Back behind the brick wall, Scott stares towards Diane D and the Dianettes.  Kenny continues to lean behind the wall.  He looks at Scott and asks, “What's she doing?” 
“Nothing,” Scott says.  “She's just standing there staring towards this direction.”
“What?  Is she looking at you?”
“It looks like it.  It looks like she’s looking right at me.”
“Oh oh.”

Back around the corner, Miranda, Bernice, Lonna and Charlotte continue to stand in front of Diane D's face trying to find out what's wrong with her as she stands there in a trance like state staring in the distance.  “Diane are you alright?” Miranda asks.
“Say something Diane,” Bernice says. Bernice, Miranda, Lonna and Charlotte puzzled look at each other.  They do not know what to do.  They puzzled look back at Diane D.  They wave their hands back and forth in Diane D’s face.   Diane D does not respond.  Bernice, Miranda, Lonna and Charlotte turn their heads back towards Scott’s direction.  They look back at Diane D.  Bernice then shouts, “Snap out of it Diane!”
“Yeah please snap out of it,” Charlotte shouts.
“Say something Diane!” Lonna shouts.
“You know this has got to stop!” Miranda shouts.  “I’ll get her to snap out of it!  Here goes!”  Suddenly Miranda raises her arm.

Behind the brick wall, Scott and Kenny hear a smack.  Kenny puzzled looks at Scott and says, “I just heard a smack.  Don't tell me the girls smacked Diane in the face?!”
“They certainly did,” Scott says.  “How did you know?”
“Because it's not the first time they had to smack Diane out of her trance.”
“It's not?”
“No.”
Scott continues to stare around the corner.  

Back around the corner, Miranda, Bernice, Lonna and Charlotte continue to stand in front of Diane D's face trying to find out what's wrong with her as she continues to stand there in a trance like state staring in the distance.  Charlotte then shouts, “Your smack didn’t work Miranda!” 
“Let me try one more time!” Miranda shouts.  
“No!” Charlotte, Bernice and Lonna shouts.  
“Don’t smack her again Miranda!” Bernice shouts.
“Just one more time!” Miranda shouts.  She raises her arm again and smacks Diane D right across the face again!  Diane D suddenly closes her eyes as Miranda, Bernice, Lonna and Charlotte slightly back away from her frighteningly look at her.  Then she opens her eyes again, shoves Miranda aside and runs off as Miranda, Bernice, Lonna and Charlotte scream and run from her!  Miranda, Bernice, Lonna and Charlotte quickly stop running!  They turn around towards Diane D as Diane D charges in the distance!  They scream and shout, “Aaaahh!  Diane!  Where're you going?!  Diane!”  

Behind the brick wall, Scott is leaning against the wall near Kenny.  They suddenly hear angry footsteps charging their way!  They become puzzled!  Scott pokes his head around the corner to look.  “Oh shit,” he shouts.  “She's charging over here!”  He turns his head back towards Kenny and shouts, “Let's get out of here!”  Scott and Kenny quickly run and dash from behind the brick wall!  They make a run down the grass!  
Scott and Kenny suddenly hear somebody crashing to the ground with a thump from where they just left as they dash out towards the streets!

Scott and Kenny continue to dash out into the street, making a run for it refusing to turn their heads back to look!

Scott and Kenny run across the street behind a different building!  They lean against the brick wall of the other building out of breath!  Scott turns to Kenny and says, “My God!  She was really trying to get us!”
“I know!” Kenny says.  “What was that loud thump we heard?!  It sounded like she fell!”
“I think she did fall!  I saw her charging towards our direction so fast like a raging bull, I think she tripped and might have hurt herself!”
“Oh my God!  I hope she's alright.  I hope she wasn't hurt too bad.  If Diane's hurt, I feel responsible!  Well I'm gonna get the hell out of here and get home before I risk being seen again!  When I get home, I'm gonna try to see if I can contact somebody from the organization to see if Diane is okay.  Come on let's get out of here.”  Kenny and Scott quickly leave from behind the brick wall and hurry towards the street!

BACK TO PRESENT:

Back inside the organization lobby, the female bystander asks, “Did Diane D actually fall?”
“Yes she did fall,” Kenny says.
“Oh no!  Did she get hurt real bad?”
“Yes she got hurt.  The next day, I heard that when she fell, she tried to get up off the ground, but the girls refused to let her get up.  They were scared she was real hurt so they called the ambulance for her right then and there.  I heard Diane still tried to get up off the ground again, telling the girls she don't need the ambulance.  The girls still refused to let her get up.  Then they called her family.  Her family rushed over there, then the ambulance arrived.  The paramedics put Diane on the stretcher and she was taken to the hospital and she wind up staying in the hospital for three days for observation.  The hospital didn't want to release her until they was sure she was okay.  The third day while Diane was in the hospital, she told everybody she thought she saw me in the area so she tried to go after me, that's why she started running.  Later on that day everybody came to my home jumped down my throat asking me was I in the area, did the sight of me cause Diane to run after me and get herself hurt.”
“They asked you that?” the male bystander says.
“Yeah they sure did.”
“Wow.  It sounds like they were trying to blame you for Diane D getting herself hurt.”
“It certainly sounds that way!”
“What did Charlotte do or say about that?”
“I don't really know what Charlotte did or say about it, I wasn't allowed near Charlotte.  As far as I know, Charlotte didn't do or say anything.  I heard she stayed by Diane's side the whole time Diane was in the hospital.  As a matter of fact, their family has a video of when Diane and Charlotte were both kids.  In the video, Diane hit Charlotte so hard when she caught Charlotte and some other kids from the neighborhood playing and teasing a pit bull that was behind a gate.  Charlotte and the other kids kept putting their hands and fingers over a fence, teasing and agitating the pit bull, putting their fingers right in front of the pit bull's face, then quickly pulling their fingers back as the pit bull tries to bite at their fingers!  They were playing Russian Roulette with their hands and fingers!  Diane saw what Charlotte and the other kids were doing from a distance and she flipped.

SCENE IN VIDEO:

Eleven-year-old Charlotte and some other kids from the neighborhood are playing and teasing a pit bull that is behind a fence in a front yard of a house.  
Twelve year old Diane D sees Charlotte from a distance.  She starts to shout, “Charlotte!  Charlotte!  Charlotte!  Get the hell away from that pit bull!”
Charlotte and the rest of the children look at Diane D.  They then walk away.  
Diane D angrily stares towards Charlotte.  She then turns and walks away.  
Several minutes later, Charlotte and the kids from the neighborhood approach the pit bull again and start teasing and agitating the pit bull even more.  They put their fingers right in front of the pit bull's face, then quickly pull their fingers back as the pit bull barks and tries to bite at their fingers!  
The constant barking attracts Diane D’s attention.  She sees Charlotte from a distance again playing with the pit bull again.  She becomes frightened and hysterical.  She runs a little and calls out to Charlotte shouting, “Charlotte!  Charlotte!“
Charlotte and the other kids do not see or hear Diane D coming as they continue to tease the pit bull, putting their fingers right in front of the pit bull's face.
Diane D becomes angry and runs towards Charlotte and the other children.  
Charlotte and the other kids still do not see Diane D coming as Diane D heads towards Charlotte.  
Charlotte and the other kids continue to tease the pit bull.  Diane D angrily slows down as she approaches Charlotte.  She is slightly taller than Charlotte as she angrily grabs and jerks Charlotte by the collar and shouts, “Didn't I tell you to leave that dog alone?!  What the hell are you trying to do, lose your fingers!”  Diane D smacks Charlotte hard across the back!
“Ouuuu!” Charlotte screams.
“Get in the house!”
An angry Charlotte tries to hit Diane D back but Diane D blocks her and smacks Charlotte hard across the back again!
“Ouuuu!” Charlotte screams again.
“Get in the house!”
Charlotte cries in pain again as she runs off screaming, “Ouuuu!  Grandma!  Grandpa Diane hit me!”  Diane D angrily follows after Charlotte totally ignoring the other kids and everyone else as they quickly move out of her way.  They all then look on towards Diane D shocked and stunned.

Five minutes later, Margarita, Tomas, Mary, Barry, Charlotte's parents Marilyn and Dante are outside the fence arguing and fussing with the owners of the pit bull as a crowd stands around looking on.

A few days later outside Margarita and Tomas’ mini-mansion, kids from the neighborhood are playing a game on the sidewalk.  Charlotte sadly stands inside of the gate, watching the kids play as she painfully holds her back.  One of the boys turns to Charlotte and says, “Hey Charlotte.  You still on punishment for putting your fingers in that Pit Bull's face?”
“Yeah,” Charlotte sadly says.
“How long are you on punishment for?” a second boy asks.
“A week.”
“A week?” the first boy asks.  “So you're not allowed out of the house at all?”
“No.  I just snuck out for a few minutes to get some air.”
“Oh yeah?  You look like your still in pain Charlotte.  Does your back still hurt from when your cousin Diane hit you?”
“Yeah I'm still in pain.”  Charlotte takes a look down the street.  She sees Diane D and several other kids talking.  She then sees Diane D turn around her way, coming right towards the house.  Charlotte becomes nervous and heads towards the back door.  
The neighborhood kids look at her.  “Where're you going Charlotte?” the first boy shouts.  
Charlotte turns to the boy and shouts, “I have to get back in the house, Diane is coming!  I don't want her to catch me out here!  She's gonna hit me again!  And if she comes inside the house and don't see me, she's gonna look for me!  I have to get back in the house!”  Charlotte turns around and quickly makes a run for the house as the kids sadly stare at her then towards Diane D.

BACK TO PRESENT:

Back inside the organization lobby, Kenny says, “After Charlotte got in the house, that's when the video went off and finished.”
“Wow!” the male bystander says.  “I’ve seen that video before.  I thought Diane D hit her cousin Charlotte too hard in that video.”
“I think so too.”
“Diane D didn’t really have to hit her cousin Charlotte that hard?” the female bystander says.
Yeah.  Charlotte says she still remembers how the pain felt to this day.  She said it hurt like hell and she was in pain for a few days after it happened.”
“My God.”
“Did Charlotte ever say what happened when she got inside the house after she saw Diane D coming down the street?” the male bystander asks.
“Yeah,” Kenny says.  “She said when she first saw Diane coming towards the house, she got nervous, went inside the house then ran straight upstairs and got in the bed, pulled the blanket half-way over her head and started to pretend she was asleep.  Then she heard Diane coming inside the house, then she heard Diane's footsteps coming up the stairs.  Then she heard Diane's footsteps coming inside the bedroom she was in.  Then she heard Diane's footsteps walking right up to her bed, then felt Diane pulled the blanket off her head to check on her.  Charlotte still pretended she was asleep.  Then she felt Diane placed the blanket half-way back over her head, then she heard Diane's footsteps walking away then leaving the room.”
“Wow.”
“We started teasing with Charlotte and asked her, now that she's practically the same height as Diane, would she try to hit Diane back right now.”
“Oh yeah?  What did she say?”
“She said no way!  She said she would not hit Diane back now because first of all, Diane is not gonna allow her to hit her back now.  Second of all, Charlotte says it was a long time ago and she would just like to forget about the whole incident because it was too painful for her.”
“My goodness,” the female bystander says.  “How does Diane D feel about hitting Charlotte?”
“I don't think she regrets it.  She said if she didn't step in, Charlotte would have definitely lost her hand and fingers from that Pit Bull and that situation would have been much worst.”
“My God. Does Diane D always interfere in you and Charlotte's marriage?”
“No.  Only when Charlotte and I are fighting.  As long as Charlotte and I aren't fighting, Diane does not interfere.  Diane and Charlotte practically grew up together.  They’re first cousins, their mothers are sisters.  When Diane and Charlotte were growing up back in the Dominican Republic, Diane's family would sometimes live with Charlotte's family and Charlotte's family would sometimes live with Diane's family and they would stay with their grandparents Margarita and Tomas at times.  Diane was always like a big sister or mother figure to Charlotte when they were growing up and she still acts that way till this day.”
“But Charlotte is your wife now,” the male bystander says.
“That doesn’t mean anything to Diane.  As far as she’s concerned, Charlotte is still her cousin.  Diane told me one time she doesn't give a damn that Charlotte is my wife.  She told me not to ever hit Charlotte or else I'll have to deal with her.”
“She told you that?” the female bystander asks.
“She sure did.”
“I don't understand,” the male bystander says.  “Even after all I heard about what the Dianettes have been going through with Diane D, her hollering and screaming at them, telling them what to eat and what not to eat, telling them not to wear any make-up and throwing their make-up in the trash if she finds make-up in their possession, forcing and jamming fruits down their throats, getting into a fit of rage if she smells any hard liquor on them, they still want to fight other singers over her and refuse to share her with other singers?”
“Yep they still want to fight other female singers over her after all they've been through with her.  Even though the girls go through this with Diane, and have been going through this with Diane practically all their lives, they all still love Diane and Diane loves them.”
“What?  You mean all of that did not stop the Dianettes from loving Diane D?”
“Heck no!  As a matter of fact, the girls not only love Diane, they're crazy about her.”
“They're crazy about Diane D?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow.  Maybe that’s why the Dianettes don’t want to share Diane D with other female singers.  They fear losing all that attention Diane D gives them about their health and their eating habits, hollering and screaming at them, acting like she‘s their mother.  They fear if Diane D gets together with other female singers and collaborates with other female singers, that Diane D might put all that health focus and attention on the other female singers and then Diane D will pay less attention to them and they don’t want to lose or share that attention!”
“They probably don’t.  That’s probably why they fight over her.  To keep her attention focused on them.”  Everyone puzzled stares at Kenny.
“So have you heard from Diane D or the Dianettes lately?”
“Yeah, I heard from Charlotte yesterday.  She said they're all okay.  She said Diane is gonna work on the computer to file her and the rest of the girls' taxes for them.”
“Oh yeah?  Diane D files taxes for the Dianettes?”
“Yeah.”
“All of them?”
“Yep all of them.”
“My god that's nice,” the female bystander says.  “How come the Dianettes don't file their own taxes?”
“Please, the girls don't want to deal with that kind of paper work. They find it confusing.  It gets too much for them.  They become lazy when it comes to filing their own tax forms, so Diane does it all for them.  Diane's been filing their taxes for them for the past few years!  She's use to doing that and a lot of other paper work.  She does accounting for people and charges a fee.”
“Diane D does accounting too?”
“Yeah, Diane does everything.”
“Wow,” the male bystander says. “Does she charge the Dianettes when she file taxes for them?”
“No she doesn't charge the girls at all.  She doesn't want any money from them, she does all their taxes for free.”
“All of them?”
“Yeah, all of them.  After she finishes filing all the girls’ taxes and get all their tax forms out the way, she files and works on her own taxes.”
“She does?  Does she file taxes for you guys?”
“Yeah, but she will charge all of us if we want her to file our taxes for us.”
“Diane D would charge you guys if she files your taxes?”
“Yeah, but she won't charge any of the girls.”
“Well maybe she takes the fee out of their salary, after all, they do work for her family.”
“Anything is possible.”
“So Kenny, what are you gonna do about going down to Jamaica and seeing Charlotte?” Ralph asks.
“I plan to go down to Jamaica next week to visit Charlotte,” Kenny says.  “Margarita and Tomas told me they were flying down to Jamaica next week.  They said Dana's mother's family is gonna have a big dinner down there and told me I can come.  I would just have to stay in a hotel or something.”
“Oh yeah?  What about Diane?  What if she tries to fight you for coming near Charlotte or try to get you arrested again?”
“Diane is not gonna have a problem with me as long as Charlotte and I aren't fighting and there is no Order Of Protection against me.  Like I said, as long as Charlotte and I aren't fighting, Diane is not gonna bother me.  When I go down to Jamaica, I'm gonna make sure Charlotte and I don't get into any fights, I'll just walk away before that happens.  Plus when Charlotte spoke to me on the phone, she said she's not gonna start anymore fights because she doesn't want Diane or the rest of her family to get upset anymore.”
“Oh that's good. Hey?  You want us to come with you down to Jamaica?  We all miss Diane and the girls and want to see them too.”
“Yeah that's a good idea, you guys come with me!  We can find a hotel we can all stay in!”
“That sounds cool!” Melvin says.  “I can't wait to see Diane and the girls, plus I don't want to miss that big dinner.  Count us in.”
“You got it!”
“That must be a big house in Jamaica for Diane D to have the Dianettes and the rest of her family living there for a while,” the male bystander says.  “What bedroom do Diane D and the Dianettes all stay and sleep in?”
“Oh some of them have to pile up and sleep in the same bedroom with somebody else.  Diane moved herself and three of the girls into Dana's bedroom to stay and sleep in there and moved the other three girls into another bedroom with Dana‘s sisters.”
“She does that at her paternal grandparents' house?”
“Yeah, all the time. See Diane doesn't have her own bedroom whenever she stays at her paternal grandparents' house.  Every time she stays at her paternal grandparents house or lives there for a while, she always stay and sleep in Dana's room with Dana.  Then whenever Diane brings the girls to stay there with her or have them spend the night, she just pile three or four of the girls into the same bedroom with herself and Dana and have them stay and sleep in there too and put the other two or three girls in the room with her aunt Celeste.”
“I see.”
“Well I have to get ready to leave.”  Kenny says.  He turns to the band members and asks, “Any of you guys need a ride?”
“Sure Kenny,” Vincent says.  “I’ll ride with you.”
“You got it.”  Kenny and the rest of the people start to leave.
























Chapter 41

In Jamaica 


It is a week later.  Inside the living room of Dana’s relatives home, Nicolas, Mickey, many of Christine's relatives including her sister Patricia and some kids, Michael, Kelly, Miranda, Nancy, Kenny and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band are all talking, laughing and drinking with Kelly, Miranda and Nancy all dressed in identical pearl colored leggings, pearl colored long sleeved short shirts showing their bellies and fluffy slippers with their long hairs loosed out along the back and sides.

In the kitchen, Lonna, Charlotte and Bernice also dressed in identical pearl colored leggings, pearl colored long sleeved short shirts showing their bellies and fluffy slippers with their long hairs loosed out along the back and sides, Dana's cousin Judy, other Jamaican relatives, Diane D's family and some kids hang in the kitchen.  Mary, Margarita, Gracy, Christine and Marie cook over a stove and counter.  They then look in the stove to check on something cooking in it as Lonna, Charlotte and Bernice stand next to them looking on.  Marie then asks, “Is the ham ready yet?”
“I don't know,” Christine says.  “Diane was checking on it, hold on.”  Christine turns toward the kitchen doorway and shouts, “Diane!  Diane!”
Diane D enters the kitchen behind the Dianettes wearing a cap, also dressed in an identical pearl colored leggings, pearl colored long sleeved short shirt showing her belly and fluffy slippers with her long hair loosed out along her back and sides as she says, “What's up Aunt Christine?”
“Is the ham ready?” Christine asks.
Diane D gently comes between Lonna, Charlotte and Bernice.  She then goes in front of them and opens the stove looking into it.  “It’s almost ready,” she says.  “I'll give it another ten minutes.”  Diane D closes the stove back and says, “Could you take it out after ten minutes Aunt Christine?  I gotta step outside for a minute.”
“Okay Diane,” Christine says.
Diane D turns to Lonna, Charlotte and Bernice and says, “Girls come with me.”  Diane D turns away and heads out the kitchen as Lonna, Charlotte and Bernice turn and follow her out the kitchen.  
Marie turns to Winston and says, “Winston you don't want any salt on your food right?“
“No, no salt Marie,” Winston says.  
Everyone suddenly hears keys unlocking the front door around the corner.  “Here comes Dana now,” Christine says.  “That's her keys unlocking the front door.”  Some of the people in the kitchen go towards the kitchen exit.  
Suddenly Diane D enters the kitchen again.  Judy hands Diane D a large opened bag of rice as she is about to go out the kitchen and says, “Here you go Diane.”
Christine's sister Patricia comes into the kitchen next to Diane D holding a champagne glass in her hand as she shouts, “More champagne!”  Patricia and Judy bump right into each other causing Patricia to drop and break her champagne glass all on the floor and causing the large bag of rice to fall, spilling rice all over the floor.  Everybody stops and looks down at the spilled rice and broken glass.
“What the .....!” Uncle Harold says.
“Look!” Christine shouts.  “What a mess here!  Rice and glass all over the place!”
Christine's brother Harold looks at Patricia, Diane D and Judy and shouts, “Look what you three did!”
“Three?!” Diane D shouts.  “It wasn't my fault Uncle Harold!”
“It wasn't my fault either!” Judy shouts.
“What are y'all trying to say it's my fault?!” Patricia shouts.
“Well whose fault was it?!” Uncle Harold shouts.
“I don't know Uncle Harold!” Diane D shouts.  “All I know is that Judy just threw the opened bag of rice right in my hands and let go of it without waiting for me to get a good grip on it!”
“Well excuuuuse me!” Judy says as she places her hands on her hips.
“Excuse you nothing Judy!  Clean this rice up!”
“Me?!  Now wait a second Diane….”
Diane D holds her hand out to Judy's face and walks away going towards the kitchen doorway as Judy, Uncle Harold, Aunt Patricia, Christine, Marie, Winston, Mary, Barry and everyone else in the kitchen start to fuss as they follow off after Diane D.

In the hallway, there are murals of old large pictures on the hallway wall of a young Marie, a young Winston, a young Christine, Christine's siblings a young Patricia, Harold, Alan and other family and relatives during Christine's childhood.  Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda excitedly run down the hallway past the mural of large pictures, smiling shouting, “Dana!  Dana!”

Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda reach the front doorway!  They approach Dana and wrap their arms around Dana, giving Dana big warm hugs as Dana, dressed in a short brown shirt, brown leggings and brown cap, has her arms wrapped back around her sisters.  
Nicolas, Mickey and some relatives come down the hallway as Nicolas says, “Man, I wish I can get that much love.”  
“Yeah right,” Mickey says.  “I've been working all day too.”
Dana and her sisters turn and see Nicolas, Mickey and the relatives coming down the hallway towards them.
Nicolas, Mickey and the relatives approach Dana and say, “What's up Dana.”
“What's up guys?” Dana says.
“Gosh Dana,” Mickey says.  “Where have you been all day?”
“You went hunting again Dana?” Nicolas asks.
“Sort of,” Dana says.
“Sort of?  You didn’t kill another deer did you Dana?”
“No Nicolas.  Sammy, Thomas, Uncle Alan, Uncle Kevin, Uncle Willie and I went fishing.”
“Y’all went fishing?”
“Yeah, we brought fish for everybody.”
“Oh that‘s good.  I can‘t wait to eat it.”
“You coming in the living room Dana?” Linda asks.
“Yeah, hold on baby,” Dana says.  She turns back to Nicolas and Mickey and says, “Guys do me a favor?  They got a lot of fish in the van.  Could y'all help them get the fish out the van?”
“Sure Dana,” Mickey says.  “We'll go get it.”  Suddenly, they all hear the sound of glass breaking coming from the kitchen.  They all look towards the kitchen as Mickey says, “Is that Aunt Patricia again?  Don't tell me she dropped another champagne glass.”  They all start to hear fussing coming from out of the kitchen.
“There they go again,” Nicolas says.
“I'll take care of them,” Dana says.  She then walks away into the hallway with her sisters.  Everyone else follows Dana and her sisters. Nicolas and Mickey and a male relative turn away and head towards the front door.

























Chapter 42

School Committee Wants Diane D To Visit Schools Again


It is one month later.  Margarita is inside the organization office.  The telephone rings.  Margarita picks up the telephone receiver.  She speaks into the receiver and says, “Hello. Diaz-Davidson Organization.”
“Hello, this is Emily Cohen from the school committee,” Emily says.
“Oh Emily how are you doing?”
“I'm doing okay, and yourself?”
“I'm okay.”
“Good.  I just want to know has Diane D come back from Jamaica yet.”
“No not yet.  She and the rest of them decided to stay in Jamaica another couple of months.”
“Another couple of months?”
“Yeah, then they'll all come back to New York.”
“Okay, I'll call back when she comes back to town.”
“Okay no problem.  Take care.”  Margarita hangs up the telephone.

It is a month later.  Inside a school office, several adults are sitting around talking.  A black man in the group around his late 30's name Frank speaks out and says, “Hey!  I here Diane D is back in town.”
“She is?!” everybody says as they rush to Frank.  
“Diane D is back in town?!” Sherman, a white male around his early 40’s asks.
“Yeah,” Frank says.  “My brother said he and his wife saw Diane D from a distance going inside her family's organization this morning.  They said she was walking with three of the Dianettes.”
“Your brother and his wife saw Diane D with three of the Dianettes this morning?!” a woman asks.
“Yeah.”
“Which three Dianettes?”
“I don't know, my brother said he wasn't sure which three Dianettes it was.  He couldn't tell from the distance, but he know it was three of them with Diane D.”
“Really?” Emily says.  “I spoke to Diane D's grandmother on the phone last month.  I thought her grandmother told me Diane D was gonna be in Jamaica another couple of months.  It's only one month.  What's Diane D doing back in town already?”
“Well I heard Diane D and her family heard that someone from the city council wanted to buy their family's organization.  They didn't want that to happen so I heard they all rushed back here to New York to stop it.”
“Oh my God?”
“Yeah.  They think they might lose their family's organization if the city council buys it, now Diane D's parents and her grandparents all want to run for city council.”
“What!” everybody shouts. 
“Diane D's parents and grandparents all want to run for city council?” a second man asks. 
“That's what I heard,” Frank says.  “I heard they all were gonna have a meeting with the Board Of Directors at the end of the week.”
“My goodness!  If Diane D’s family run for city council, they’re certainly gonna have my vote!  I'll vote for them!”
“They'll have my vote too!” a third man says. 
“Well if Diane D is back in town,” Emily says, “maybe I can call her family's organization and try to meet her and see if she would come to the schools!”
“What?” Frank says.  “You want to try and meet Diane D?”
“Of course I want to meet Diane D!  I've always wanted to meet her.  I think she’s so cool.”
“And you want her to try and come to the schools?”
“Yeah.”
“You know Diane D has stopped coming to the schools ever since she and her family were lied to by that kid Marcus and his brother about some little boy who was dying of leukemia.”
“I know, that was a terrible lie.  That kid Marcus and his brother shouldn’t have done that.”
“I know.  They definitely learned their lesson from it.”
“They sure did.  I just thought maybe I can persuade Diane D and her family to change their mind and have Diane D start coming back to the schools again.”
“Well if you meet Diane D, you better make sure the Dianettes aren't around when you meet her.”
“Why?”
“You're a singer aren't you?!  Remember, the Dianettes don't want any female singers approaching Diane D or being around her!  Remember when we read about what happened to Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman, the Punky Gurlz and those two Latin singers Carmen and Rachel?!”
“Yeah I remember what happened to all of them, but the Dianettes don't know who I am!  They don't know that I'm a singer!  They've never seen me before!   Plus I'm not gonna ask Diane D to sing with me anyway!  I only want her to start coming back to the schools again so she can speak to the children like she used to do!”
“I guess you're right. Just don't ask Diane D to sing with you, because when Diane D, her family and the Dianettes were all down in Jamaica, I heard that three of the Dianettes Lonna, Nancy and Bernice went and cursed a female singer named Shannon out down there when they heard that this female singer Shannon was gonna sing a duet with another singer named Diane!”
“What!” everybody shouts.
“You're kidding!” Emily says.
“No, I'm telling the truth!” Frank shouts.  “That's what I heard!  I heard that Lonna, Nancy and Bernice heard that a female singer named Shannon was gonna sing a duet with a singer named Diane at a club later on one night!  Lonna, Nancy and Bernice heard the name Diane and just assumed that this singer Diane was Diane D.  I heard Lonna, Nancy and Bernice went to that club looking for that singer Shannon and when they found out who Shannon was, they went straight up to her and cursed her out!  I heard they cursed that singer Shannon out so bad.  I heard they even threatened her!”
“They threatened her?”
“Yeah!  The security had to come!  That singer Shannon got so upset by what happened, she ran off!  Then the security called Diane D's family!  Diane D's family came there and found out what happened.  They found out that this singer Shannon was gonna sing a duet with a singer named Diane Woods, not Diane D!  After it was all over, the security let Diane D's family take Lonna, Nancy and Bernice away from the area.  When the time came for Shannon and Diane Woods to perform and sing at the club, Shannon didn't even show up!  She never came back to the club.  The people at the club said she was so upset by those three Dianettes.  I heard that singer Diane Woods had to wind up performing alone and wind up having to sing another song.”
“My God,” the second man says.  “You know that whacking the Dianettes got from Diane D's mom and the month they all spent in jail didn't seem to change their attitude or behavior at all.”
“No I guess it didn't.”
“Where were the other three Dianettes when this cursing out took place?” Emily asks. 
“I heard they weren't there.  I heard they were somewhere else with Diane D at the time.”
“My god.  Well if Diane D do come to the schools and sing to the children, she would be singing to the children alone by herself!  I nor anybody else is gonna sing with her!”
“Okay, but still, if the Dianettes happen to see you with Diane D, don't let them know or let them find out that you're a singer, because they will tear your hide.  They already putted three of the Punky Gurlz in the hospital causing them to cancel their concert in Paris, they already putted Madilyn Lewis and Randy Coleman in the hospital causing them to cancel their concert at Madison Square Garden, they bit the men from the Diaz-Davidson Organization and put them in the hospital as well causing those men to get shots and stitches and they chased after the Latin singers Carmen and Rachel, pulled one of their hair and ripped her collar and knocked the other one down on the street and jumped on her back!  The Dianettes were about to put Carmen and Rachel in the hospital too if the police hadn’t caught up to them and stopped them and now this latest incident in Jamaica!  So if you want to send a singer to Diane D, just make sure it's a male singer that's all.”  Frank starts to drink from a cup as Emily Cohen worriedly looks at him.  Emily then gets on the telephone on the desk.  She picks up the phone receiver and dials a number.  She waits for a few seconds.  She then speaks into the telephone receiver and nervously says, “Uh hello?  I'm sorry to bother you, but I heard that Diane D is back in town.  Could I speak to her please?”
“Oh I'm sorry Diane is not here right now,” Alex says.  “She and her family took the girls to counseling a little while ago.”
“They did?  Oh so in other words, Diane D and her family are back in New York.”
“Yes they're all back in New York.  They flew back in town three days ago.”
“Oh really?  Well this is Emily Cohen from the school committee.”
“Oh Emily Cohen.  I heard of you.  You called here before, right?”
“Yes, I did.”
“Miss Margarita told us about you.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.”
“Well  I just want to know if Diane D could come visit the schools again.”
“Well Diane and her family are gonna be taken the girls to counseling all week.  Why don't you call back to speak to Diane on Saturday.  I think she should be free then.”
“She’ll be free?  Okay no problem, I'll call back Saturday.  Thanks a lot.  By.”  Emily Cohen hangs up the telephone.  She excitedly turns to Frank and says, “Well you're right, Diane D is back in town!  Someone from the Diaz-Davidson Organization just told me I can call back there Saturday because Diane D and her family took the Dianettes to counseling a little while ago!”
“They took the Dianettes to counseling?” Frank says.  “Oh that's good!  So call there again Saturday!”
“I'm not gonna call there Saturday, I'm gonna go there in person so I can talk to Diane D directly!  Oh I am so excited!”  Everyone is excited for Emily.

It is now Saturday. Frank, Emily Cohen, Sherman and several people from the school committee are outside the front door of the Diaz-Davidson Organization.  They knock on the front door.  No one answers.  Frank turns to the others and says, “We've been standing here ringing the bell and knocking on the door for ten minutes.  No one is answering yet.“
“Maybe they're not around,” Sherman says.
“Well someone here from the organization said Diane D should be available Saturday,” Emily says.  “Today is Saturday.”
“Maybe they're at the park,” Frank says.  “I hear they go to the park on nice days.  It's a nice day today.  Let's go to the park and see if we see them or find anybody we can ask.”  Frank, Emily, Sherman and the rest of the people turn and leave the front door.

Frank, Emily, Sherman and the rest of the people from the school committee walk through the park.  They see a big husky black man sitting on top of the benches with several people around him talking and laughing.  “What about those people over there?” Frank asks.  “Maybe we can ask them.”
“Okay,” Emily says.  Emily, Frank, Sherman and the rest of the people start to walk towards the people on the bench.  
Emily, Frank, Sherman and the rest of the people approach the people on the bench.  “Hello,” Frank says.  The people on the bench turn to look as Frank says, “Excuse us, but do any of you know if the Diaz-Davidson Organization is opened today?  We've been knocking on the front door for a while but no one has answered.  We've been trying to get in touch with Diane D.  We want to speak to her to see if we can change her mind about visiting and lecturing the children at the schools, but no one is at the organization.  We hear they come to this park sometimes when the weather is nice.”
“Yeah they do come to this park,” the husky man says.  “As a matter of fact, I saw the Dianettes, Diane D's husband, Diane D's older brother and some of Diane D's relatives around here earlier.”
“You did?”
“Yeah. I don't know where they are right now.  They still might be somewhere in the area.“  The husky man looks to the side.  He then says, “Oh there goes the Dianettes now. Maybe you can ask them where Diane D is.”  Frank, Emily, Sherman and the rest of the people from the school committee and everyone on the bench turn and look at the Dianettes.

In the distance, the Dianettes are walking down a path.  They are all dressed in identical dark leggings, short dark jackets, belly bearing tops and long hair around their backs and sides and thick black sneakers.  They are walking in two rows with Miranda walking in the front on the far left side, Nancy walking directly behind her, Lonna walking in the front middle, Charlotte walking directly behind her, Kelly walking in the front on the far right side closer to the people and Bernice walking directly behind her, all talking and laughing with their heads turned facing each other.  Nancy and Kelly lean towards each other, giving each other a loud high five then they all look forward as Lonna chews and blows bubble gum.

Back on the bench, the husky guy turns to Emily and Frank and tells them, “Go ahead.  Ask the Dianettes where Diane D is.”
“Yeah go ahead Emily,” Frank says.  “Ask them where Diane D is.”
“I'm not gonna ask them,” Emily nervously says.
“Why not?  Don't you wanna know where Diane D is?”
“Yeah, but I don't want to ask THEM!”
“Why not?   They don't know you're a singer.”
“I still don't want to ask them.  They might find out later by somebody who knows me.”
“You're a singer?” the husky man asks.
“Yes I am.  I sing at a few churches and at a few night clubs and I'm trying to get a record deal.”
“Oh yeah?  So you don't want to ask the Dianettes where Diane D is because you're a singer?”
“Right.  I'd rather ask someone else where's Diane D.”
“Well I don't see any one else around you can ask.”
Emily turns to Frank and says, “Why don't you ask the Dianettes for me Frank.”
“I don't want to ask them either,” Frank says.  He then turns to Sherman and says, “How about you Sherman?  You want to ask the Dianettes where Diane D is?”
“With their attitude?” Sherman says.  “No way.”
“Well if none of y'all want to ask the Dianettes where's Diane D at, I guess I'll have to ask them for you,” the husky man says.
“Thanks,” Emily says.  “Just don't mention to them that I'm a singer.”
“I won't.”  The husky man turns towards the Dianettes and shouts, “Excuse me Dianettes!  Dianettes!  Dianettes!”
The Dianettes turn their heads and look towards the man as they walk down the path.  
Other people and children in the park see the Dianettes and anxiously hurry halfway towards them.  “Dianettes!” some children in the park shout.
The husky man then shouts, “I'm sorry to bother y'all, but I just want to know, where's Diane D at?!”
The Dianettes puzzled look at each other, then back at the man.  
“I just want to know, where Diane D is!” the husky man says.  “Some people want to get in touch with her!  I just want to know where's she at!”
“She went to a meeting!” Miranda shouts.
“I'm sorry, she went where?!”
“She's at a meeting!” the rest of the Dianettes say.
“Oh she's at a meeting?!”
“Yeah!”
“You know where?!”
“At the city council!”
“The city council?!  Oh that means her family must be gonna run for city council!  I hope they run!”
The Dianettes nod their heads then look forward as they continue to walk down the path.  
The husky man calls out to the Dianettes again and shouts, “Hey Dianettes!”
The Dianettes turn their heads and look back towards the husky man again.
The husky man shouts, “If Diane D's family run for city council, they're gonna have my vote!  I'll definitely vote for them!  And when y'all see Diane D again, tell her a few people would like to get in touch with her!”
The Dianettes nod their heads again then look forward as they continue to walk down the path as the people and children watch them.  The people and children see the Dianettes walking further into the distance.  
The husky man turns back to Frank, Emily, Sherman and the rest of the people and says, “Well I asked the Dianettes for y'all where Diane D is.  Now that y'all know where Diane D's at, you can go to the city council and try to meet her and speak to her directly.”
“Thanks,” Frank says.
“You sure the Dianettes won't show up at the city council later?” Emily asks.
“No,” the husky man says. “They're going that way aren't they?”  Everyone sees the Dianettes in the distance walking down a different path after turning a corner.  They see Michael, members of the Diaz-Davidson band, some of Diane D's family members and relatives approach the Dianettes.  They see them all stop and talk.  They then see Michael, members of the Diaz-Davidson band, some of Diane D's family members and relatives lead the Dianettes away.  The husky man turns to Frank and Emily and says, “Well if you all want to see and speak to Diane D, here's your chance now.”   
Frank turns to Emily, Sherman and the rest and says, “Okay let's go.”  He turns back to the husky man and says, “Thanks again.”
“No problem,” the husky man says.  
Frank, Emily, Sherman and the people from the school committee turn and leave the area.

In the lobby of the City Council building, Frank, Emily, Sherman and the rest of the people from the school committee approach the front desk.  Rodney, a black male around his early 40’s, sits behind the desk and says, “Hello, may I help you?”
“Yes,” Frank says.  “We heard Diane D is here in the building at a meeting. We're from the school committee and we would like to speak to Diane D because we want to know if she can come visit the schools again like she use to.”
“Oh really?  Yeah Diane D is here.  She and some of her family are at a meeting on the second floor.”
“Oh yeah?” Emily says.  “Do you know when the meeting will be over?”
“No I don't. They've been at the meeting for a while.”  Rodney looks to the side.  He then says, “There goes Diane D's brother.  Hey Mickey?!”
The people from the school committee look to the side and see Mickey coming from the staircase.  They become excited.  Mickey approaches Rodney and says, “What's up Rodney?”
“Mickey these people are from the school committee.”  Mickey looks at the people.  Rodney then says, “They would like to speak to your sister Diane D to know if she can come visit the schools again like she use to.”
“Oh yeah?” Mickey looks at Frank, Emily, Sherman and the rest of the people and says, “You guys want Diane to come visit the schools again?”
“Yes,” Frank says.  “We know she and your family stopped visiting schools after the letter about a little boy dying of leukemia was sent to your family, then Diane D and the rest of your family found out that whole letter was a hoax, but we were hoping to change Diane D and the rest of your family’s mind.  We heard Diane D's at a meeting here.  We would like to know when the meeting is gonna be over so we can speak to Diane D herself.”
“Mickey is your family still having the meeting upstairs?” Rodney asks.
“I'm not sure yet,” Mickey says.  “But you all can come with me to find out.  If Diane is still in the meeting, I'll see if I can interrupt the meeting real quick and bring her out to you guys.”
“No you don't have to do that,” Emily says.  “We didn't want to disturb Diane D.  We were willing to wait until the meeting is over.”
“I don't know when it's gonna be over though,” Mickey says.  “You might be waiting a long time.  I'll see if I can get Diane to come out for a minute or two.  Come on.”  Mickey turns and leads the people to the staircase.  

Mickey leads Frank, Emily and the rest of the people down the second floor hallway.  He goes to the side and knocks on a door.  Frank, Emily and the rest of the people all wait.  Mickey knocks on the door again.  Emily then says, “That's alright, you don't have to disturb Diane D.”
“It'll only take a minute,” Mickey says.  Mickey knocks on the door again.  The door opens.  A janitor, a male black opens the door.  Mickey looks in the room and sees that it is empty of people.  “Where is everybody?” he asks.  “The meeting is over already?”
“No they moved the meeting to a room on the third floor,” the janitor says.  “They said they had needed more space, it wasn't enough space in here.”
“Oh okay, thanks.”  Mickey turns to Frank and Emily and tells them, “The meeting was moved to the third floor.  Follow me.”  Mickey starts to walk away.
“Listen that's alright,” Emily says.  “We can catch Diane D when the meeting is over.”
Mickey stops, turns around and says, “Do y'all want to speak to my sister or not?”
“Yes we do, but..…”
“That settles it then.  Follow me.”  Mickey turns and walks away.  The people from the school committee look at him then follow him.

Mickey leads Frank and the rest of the people up a flight of stairs that leads to the third floor.  Emily nervously stays behind.  Mickey turns around and looks down the staircase towards Emily.  He then says, “Well what are you waiting for Miss?  My sister is right up this way if you want to speak to her.”
“I can wait,” Emily says.
“We're almost there Ma'am.  I'm gonna bring my sister out in the hallway if you would just bare with me.”
“That's alright, I don't want to cause any problems.”
“Problems?  What are you talking about ‘cause any problems‘?”
“She's a singer,” Frank says.
“What?” Mickey looks down the stairs at Emily and asks, “You're a singer?”
“Yes I am,” Emily nervously says.  “I sing at a few churches and at a few night clubs and I'm trying to get a record deal.”
“Oh yeah?  Well that's good.  That's good and dandy you're a singer and trying to get a record deal, what's the problem with that?  How's that gonna cause a problem with you coming upstairs?”
“Being that she's a singer, she's worried about approaching Diane D or coming near Diane D because of the Dianettes,” Frank says.
“Oh yeah?” Mickey turns to Emily and says, “Is that what it is?  Because of the girls?  You don't have to worry about the girls, they're not here.”
“I know,” Emily says.  “We saw them in the park earlier.  Even though the Dianettes aren't here, they still don't want any female singers approaching Diane D or coming near her.  If you bring Diane D out in the hallway, I was gonna let Frank approach her and speak to her.”
“Sweetheart, you came near Diane the minute you stepped into this building.   So since you're already here, you might as well just speak to her.”
“But what if Diane D do decide to come visit the schools and the Dianettes come with her?”
“The girls do not come visit any schools.”
“They don't?”
“No.  Have you ever heard of the girls coming to any schools?”
“No.”
“Exactly, Diane only does that.  Well, she used to do that.”
“Oh. I see.”
Mickey turns and looks up the staircase.  He sees a black man walking past the doorway and calls out to him, “Hey Glenn!”  The man stops and looks in the stairway at Mickey as Mickey says, “Are you going pass the meeting room?!”
“Yeah!”
“Could you do me a favor?!  When you pass by the meeting room, knock on the door and tell my mom some people from the school committee is out here to see Diane!”
The man looks in the staircase and says, “Oh yeah?  These people want to see Diane?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay.”  The man turns and goes away.  
Mickey turns to the people and says, “Come let's go up there.”  Mickey turns and leads everyone up the stairs as Emily nervously stays behind.  Mickey turns back and looks down at Emily again.  He then asks, “Ma'am? Are you coming?”
“No that's alright,” Emily says.  “I'll let Frank speak to Diane D.  I'll wait downstairs.”
“I'm not gonna speak to Diane D Emily,” Frank says, “you're gonna speak to her.”
Emily slowly starts to head up the stairs.  
Mickey sighs then says, “If you want to speak to my sister Miss, you gotta hurry up!  She has to get back to the organization after the meeting!  Not only that, my whole family is heading back to Jamaica in three weeks, so if you want to speak to Diane, you better speak to her now!”
“You all are going back to Jamaica?!” Emily asks.
“Yeah.  We would have still been in Jamaica if we hadn't heard that the city council wanted to buy the organization.”
“Oh.  Well how long are you all gonna stay in Jamaica when you go back?”
“Maybe for one month, then go to St Thomas for a couple of months, then go back down to the Dominican Republic!”
“St. Thomas and the Dominican Republic too?”
“Yeah.  So we'll be traveling back and forth between New York, Jamaica, St Tomas and the Dominican Republic.”
“Oh yeah?” Frank asks. “Are the Dianettes going back to Jamaica, St Thomas and the Dominican Republic with your family when Diane D and your family go back?”
“Yes they have to come back with us, they're gonna be in my family's custody for a year or more, so they have to go everywhere we go.”
“Isn’t your cousin Dana in your family’s custody too?”
“Yep, she sure is.”
“Is she going to travel with your family to St. Tomas and the Dominican Republic too?”
“Yep, she sure is.”
“Wow.  I wish I was in your family’s custody.  That way I can get to travel around the Caribbean too.”  They all laugh a little.
Glenn comes back to the staircase and says, “Mickey, I told your mom these people are out here and want to see Diane, but she said Diane left the meeting early.”
“Diane left meeting?” Mickey asks.
“Yeah. Your mom said Diane left a couple of minutes ago.  She said Diane went down the backstairs to the parking lot, got in her car and drove off.  She said Diane is heading back to the organization now.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
Mickey turns to Frank and Emily and says, “Well you heard.  Since Diane is not here now, maybe you can speak to my mom about changing her and the rest of my family’s mind about getting Diane to start visiting schools again.  Want to speak to my mom?  Come on.  I'll bring you to her.”
“Okay,” Frank says.
Mickey turns back to Glenn and says, “Glenn tell my mom I'm bringing these people to talk to her.”
“Okay,” Glenn says as he turns around and leaves the staircase.  
Mickey turns back to Emily and says, “Come on Ma'am, let's go.”  Mickey turns around and walks to the door as Emily and the rest of the people walk to the top of the staircase.  

Mickey leaves the staircase entering the third floor hallway as Emily and everyone else come out the stairwell.  Mickey walks down the hallway as Frank, Emily and the rest of the people follow him.  Mickey looks down the hallway.  He turns to Emily and points his finger down the hall and says to her, “There goes my mom right there.  She's standing right down there at the door.”  Emily and the rest of the people look down the hall.  They see Glenn and Mary standing outside the doorway looking at them with their bodies facing each other as Mary leans against the doorway.  Emily and the rest of the people nervously start to head down the hall.  Mickey calls out to Mary and shouts, “Mom!”
Mary puzzled raises her head a little.
“Estas son las personas que estoy trained a usted!” Mickey shouts.  Mickey continues to bring Frank, Emily and the rest of the people down the hall to Mary.  
Mickey, Frank, Emily and the rest of the people approach Mary and stop as Mickey turns to Emily and says, “Here you go ma'am.”  Mickey turns to Mary, gives her a loving kiss then says, “Hasta luego mama.”
“Okay baby,” Mary says.
Mickey turns and walks away as Mary looks at Frank, Emily and the people from the committee.
Emily nervously looks at Mary and says, “Hi Diane D's mom!  How are you?!  Nice to see you!  My name is Emily Cohen.  We're from the school committee.  I spoke to you on the phone before when I called your organization.  I'm sorry we pulled you away from a meeting.   I just need to speak to you about something.  We would like to know if your daughter Diane D could visit the schools and speak to children again like she use to do.  We know she and your family stopped visiting schools after the letter about a little boy who’s dying of leukemia was sent to your family‘s organization, then Diane D and the rest of your family found out that whole letter was a hoax, but we were hoping to change Diane D and the rest of your family’s mind.  I have some flyers and information that might be of help to you.” 
“I'll take a look at it,” Mary says as she holds her hand out to the flyers.  Emily nervously hands Mary some flyers.  Mary looks at the flyers.  She starts to read the flyers.  Emily and the people from the school committee nervously and anxiously look at each other, then look back at Mary as Mary continues to read the flyers.  Mary finishes reading the flyers.  She looks up at Emily and asks, “You're having a youth fair at two schools?”
“Yes.  We would like to know if your daughter Diane D can come to the youth fairs and speak and lecture to the children and maybe sing for them?”
“Really?  When is the fair supposed to be?”
“Next month.  Your son Mickey just told us that you and your whole family are gonna head back down to Jamaica in three weeks.”
“We are, but before we decide to change Diane’s mind and the rest of our minds about having Diane come to the schools again, I'll have to go check the schools out first and see what they're about, then I would have to speak to Diane and the rest of my family about it.  Where are these schools at?”
“They're right here in town.  They're both a mile away from here.  You can come with us to check the school buildings out today if you want.”
“Yeah?  Maybe I'll check them out right now.  I'll try to go there real quick and come right back.”
“Right now?  That’s good, but what about your meeting?”
“I'll see if my parents can cover for me until I get back.  Hold on.”  Mary turns towards the doorway and heads inside the room closing the door behind herself as Frank, Emily and the people from the school committee wait in the hallway.

A few minutes later, the door opens.  Mary steps back out into the hallway with her cell phone to her ear as the door closes behind her.  She starts to pace back and forth a little as she holds the cell phone to her ear.  She then speaks into her cell phone and says, “Hey Michael. …  Yeah the meeting is going okay, we didn't finish yet.  ….  No.  Hey Michael listen, I have to step off real quick.  Some people from the school committee is here out in the hallway.  They asked me if Diane could attend a youth fair at two schools they're gonna have next month. … Yeah. ….  I know Diane doesn’t want to come to the schools anymore, but I told the people before we decide to change Diane’s mind and our minds about having Diane come to the schools again, I'll have to go check the schools out first and see what they're about, then we would have to speak to Diane and have a meeting with the rest of the family about it. …..  I know we're leaving for Jamaica in three weeks, I just want to check the schools out real quick.  I want to take a quick run over to the schools right now, then come right back.  While I'm there, Grandma and Grandpa are gonna cover for me in the meeting until I get back.  You still got the girls with you, right?  Are they still with you, Nicolas and the rest of the family? …..  Okay good.   ....  What?  You gotta doctor's appointment today?  ..... What time?  .....You're going right now?  You don't plan to bring the girls there with you, do you?  ..... Well you can just leave the girls with the rest of the family or I can just bring them all with me real quick.”  
Emily, Frank and the rest of the people nervously look at Mary, then at each other.  Frank whispers to Emily and says, “I think you better let Diane D's mom know that you're a singer before she decides to bring the Dianettes with her.  That way she'll know not to bring them near you and they wind up finding out that you're a singer who wants to talk to Diane D and there winds up being a chaos with them and you, then after that, you got to worry about Diane D‘s cousin Dana cursing you out.”
Emily frighteningly stares at Frank.  She then says, “You're right,” Emily nervously looks at Mary and says, “Uh excuse us?”
Mary stops pacing and holds her hand up to Emily, firmly suggesting for Emily to wait.  Mary starts to pace again as she continues to speak into the phone and says, “The girls are gonna go with Nicolas, Aunt Celeste and the rest of the family?  .....  Okay, no problem.  ....  Okay then. By.”  Mary disconnects her cell phone.  She turns to Emily as she puts her cell phone away and says, “I'm sorry, what were you trying to say to me?”
“Oh I had just wanted to ask you if were you bringing the Dianettes with you.”
“I was, but my family is gonna take them somewhere else.  Why?”
“Oh it's just that it wouldn't have been anymore room in our van if they came along.”
“Anymore room in your van?  I wasn't planning on riding in the same vehicle with you guys.  I'm gonna drive my own car and follow you guys to where the schools are.”
“You are?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh okay.  That's fine with us.”
Mary's cell phone rings.  She puts the cell phone to her ear.  She then speaks into it and says, “Hey girls.  What’s up? ......  Y'all downstairs?  ..…”  Emily and the people from the committee puzzled look at Mary as Mary says into her cell phone, “What are y'all doing down there?  .....  Well Diane is not here right now, she left the meeting early.  ....  Yeah.  She's on her way back to the organization.”  Emily and the people from the committee puzzled look at each other then back at Mary as Mary says into her cell phone, “Yeah the meeting is still going on, it's not over yet, but I'm on my way downstairs now.  ....  Yeah.  Just stay down there, I'll see you all when I get downstairs.  ...   Alright.”  Mary disconnects her cell phone and puts it away as Emily and the people from the school committee puzzled look at her.  Mary turns to Emily and Frank and says, “Alright we can go downstairs now.”  Emily nervously looks at Mary as Mary starts to head down the hall.  Emily, Frank and the people from the school committee turn and follow Mary down the hall.

A couple of minutes later, Mary, Emily and Frank and the people from the school committee walk through the lobby as Emily nervously looks around.  Emily nervously turns to Mary and says, “Um excuse me Miss Mary?”  Mary stops and turns to Emily as everyone else stops also.
“Oh never mind,” Emily says.
“Never mind?” Mary says.  “Never mind about what?”
Emily becomes very nervous as she looks down breathing heavy.  
“Aunt Mary!” women’s voices shout.  Mary turns her head towards the voices and says, “Hey girls?!”  Mary turns her body and walks away from Emily heading towards the voices as Emily nervously looks at her.  
Emily nervously looks down, refusing to turn her head to look towards the women’s voices.  She hears Mary and the women's voices talking and laughing.  Emily nervously turns her face away from the direction of Mary's and the women's voices.  She slowly heads towards the opposite direction of Mary and the women's voices and goes to the side.  She stops and turns her head to look.  She looks towards Mary and the voices with a little tears in her eyes.  She becomes surprised as she sees Mary with Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy all talking and laughing with each other.  Emily gives out of sigh of relief.  Frank goes to Emily and says, “You thought that would be the Dianettes waiting down here, didn't you?”
“I sure did,” Emily says.
“Yeah we all thought the same thing.”
“I was about to tell Diane D's Mom to cancel this whole school thing a minute ago.  I didn't want the Dianettes to catch me with Diane D's mom to talk about Diane D because the Dianettes would eventually find out that I'm a singer if somebody else who knows me happens to spot me and mentions it in front of them.  I don't need any problems.”
“I don't blame you.  I know what you mean.”  Frank and Emily look back towards Mary.  
Mary continues to talk with Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy as Linda says, “Sorry to disturb your meeting Aunt Mary, but Judy had wanted to see Diane real quick.”
“Ah ah don’t blame me Linda,” Judy says.  “I could have waited until after the meeting was over for Diane to hand me back my make-up kit.”  
“But you didn’t want to wait until after the meeting was over Judy.  You wanted your make-up kit now.”
“Well of course.  I wanted to catch Diane before she throws my make-up away and replace it with a vitamin or fruit.”   They all smile and laugh.












































Chapter 43

The Dianettes’ Fear Of Diane D


On the street outside of the organization, Michael, Aunt Celeste, Kenny, the Dianettes, their boyfriends and some organization members come out of a Charter Bus.  Nicolas who's in the driver's seat of the Charter Bus calls out to them and shouts, “I'll be right back everybody!  I gotto pick up the rest!”
“Okay Nicolas!” everybody shouts.  Nicolas pulls off with the Charter Bus.
The Dianettes and everybody else are on the sidewalk.  They start to head towards the organization building.  Kory, Melvin and Ralph approach them.  “What's up guys?” Kory says.
“Hey!” Michael and Kenny says. 
Kory sniffs the air.  He then says, “Damn what's that hard liquor I smell?”
“Yeah I smell it too,” Ralph says.
“So do I,” Melvin says.
Michael, Aunt Celeste, Kenny, the Dianettes and their boyfriends nervously look at Kory, Ralph and Melvin as Michael says, “Well there was a small party at the hotel.  The people at the party recognized us and invited us all to come in there, but we didn't have time to go in there, but Charlotte and Lonna decided to take a quick run over to the party and went in there.  When they were in there, the host offered them some hard liquor.”
“Some hard liquor?” Kory says.
“Yeah,” Kenny says.  “And guess what?  Charlotte and Lonna both took a sip of the hard liquor then quickly left out of there.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Well guess what?  Diane is in there.”
“What!” the Dianettes shout.
“Diane is inside?” Aunt Celeste asks.
“Yeah,” Kory says. 
“You mean right now?!” Miranda shouts. “Right this minute?!”
“Right this minute.”
“She's working in her office on the computer,” Melvin says.  “I think she's working on finishing filing all your taxes.”
“What!” the Dianettes shout.
“Melvin we thought Diane was still at the meeting and was gonna come here later on in the evening to finish filing girls' taxes,” Aunt Celeste says.  “We didn't know she was gonna be here right now.”
“Well she is here right now,” Melvin says.  “She left the meeting early.  I think she wanted to get a head start on finishing filing the girls' taxes, that's why she left the meeting early.  After she finishes filing the girls taxes, I think she's gonna start on her own.  She just wants to get the girls' taxes done first.”
“Well shoot!” teary eyed Charlotte says.  “I'm not going in there!  I got this hard liquor scent on me!”  Charlotte turns to Aunt Celeste and says, “Oh Aunt Celeste if Diane smells this hard liquor scent on me, she'll kill me!” 
“Yeah me too!” Lonna says.  “I'm not going in there either!”  Miranda, Nancy, Bernice and Kelly worriedly wrap their arms around Lonna and Charlotte as they all look towards the organization building.
“That's right y'all can't go in there and let Diane smell the hard liquor on y'all,” Michael says.  “She's gonna blow her top!”
“Yeah especially if she's working on that computer,” Dennis says.  “She might knock the whole computer and desk to the floor like she did before.”
“Well y'all don't have to worry,” Lonna says.  “Charlotte and I are not gonna step foot inside that building and risk Diane smelling the hard liquor on us!  We're gonna need a ride home to clean the scent off us!”
“How are y'all gonna get home?” Nancy ask.  “Nicolas just drove off.”
“There're other cars here.  One of the members could give us a ride home.”
“None of the other members are here now Lonna,” Kory says.  “They all took the vans and went to the churches.  There are no other cars or vans in the parking lot but Diane's car.”
“What!” the Dianettes nervously shout.
“So what are we gonna do?!” Charlotte asks.  
“Maybe we can call Nicolas on the cell phone so he can pick y'all back up,” Michael says.  Michael takes out his cell phone and dials a number.  He puts the phone to his ear.  Everybody waits nervously and anxiously as Michael listens into his cell phone.  The Dianettes and everybody else nervously look at each other.  They nervously turn their heads towards the organization building, then turn their heads back towards Michael.  Michael takes the cell phone out of his ear.  He turns to the others and says, “He's not answering.”
“That's it,” Lonna shouts.  “I'm gonna call a cab!”
“You're gonna call a cab?!”
“That's right!  I'm not going anywhere near Diane until we get this hard liquor scent off us!”
“Yeah,” Charlotte says.  “Lonna and I are gonna stay right out here until we get a cab ride home!”
“But it's getting chilly out here girls!” Aunt Celeste says.  “Y'all can't stay out her in the cold!”
“Aunt Celeste we did it before and we'll do it again!” Lonna says.
“Now this is getting out of hand!” Michael says.  “I'm gonna call a cab real quick!  If I can't contact a cab, I'm just gonna have to call up Mickey or Mom and Dad from out of the meeting and see if they can come real quick and pick y'all up!”  Michael dials a number on his cell phone again.  He puts the phone to his ear.  They all wait nervously and anxiously as Michael listens into his cell phone.  
The Dianettes and everyone else nervously look at each other again.  They all turn their heads and nervously look towards the organization building again.  “Is she coming?” Al asks. 
“So far no,” Nancy says.  The Dianettes and everyone else turn their heads back towards Michael.  
Michael starts to speak into the phone and says, “Yeah car service?  Yeah could you send a cab over to the Diaz-Davidson Organization? ......  Yes we need a cab right away.”  Everybody nervously turn towards the organization building again.  They turn back around towards Michael as Michael continues to speak into the cell phone and says, “Three minutes? .....  Okay.  .....  Look for a light blue cab?  ..... Okay gotcha.  Thanks.”  Michael takes the phone out of his ear.  He turns to the others and says, “The cab is on its way!”
Everybody excitingly screams and wave their arms in the air. As they shout, “Yeeeaah!  Yeeehaaaw!”
“And we have to look out for a light blue cab!”
“A light blue cab?!” Dennis asks.
“Yeah.  It‘s one of those private cabs.”
“I hope it doesn't take too long!” Charlotte says.
“Me neither!” Lonna says.  “I hope it shows up before Diane happens to come out here!”
“I hope so too!” Miranda says.
“Yeah but what if the cab doesn't show up and Diane do winds up stepping out here?” Bernice says.  “She can step out here any minute you know!”
“Then we'll run!” Charlotte says.
“It won't do y'all any good to run Charlotte,” Michael says. “If Diane happens to come out here and winds up smelling hard liquor on you two and y'all run, she'll chase y'all down two or three blocks like she did Bernice!”
“If Diane happens to come out here, hopefully she won't smell the hard liquor,” Aunt Celeste says.
“She is gonna smell the hard liquor Aunt Celeste,” Michael says.  “Kory, Melvin and Ralph noticed the hard liquor smell right away!  They noticed the smell as soon as they came over here.  Now if they were able to smell the hard liquor, Diane will definitely smell it too!”  Everybody nervously stare at Michael.  
Lonna nervously turns around towards everybody and shouts, “Anybody have any candy or gum?!”
“Or something?” Charlotte says.  Everybody starts to search their pockets for candy or gum.
“I don't have any candy or gum,” Anthony says.  
“Oh come on Anthony!” Lonna shouts.  “You had some gum yesterday!”
“But I don't have any today.”
“Come on!  Somebody's got to have some type of gum or candy on them!”
“I don't think I have any candy or gum on me either,” Dennis says.  
“Well look for it Dennis!”
“I am looking for it!”
“You're not looking fast enough Dennis!” Kelly shouts.  “Look faster!”
“I'm trying to look as fast as I can Kelly!”  Dennis and everybody else looks towards the building again.  They all look away from the building and search their pockets for candy and gum again.  
Lonna nervously turns towards the street and shouts, “What is taking that cab?!”
“Relax Lonna,” Michael says.  “I only called for the cab a minute ago.  You have to give it more time.  But I think we should all stand over there where we can't be too close to the building.”  Everybody starts to move further down the sidewalk away from the organization building.  
Nancy goes in front of everybody and looks way down at the boulevard.  Everybody follows Nancy and look way down at the boulevard also.  Nancy walks further down the sidewalk.  She points towards the boulevard and shouts, “Hey! I see a light blue car way up the street!  It's heading towards the intersection!”  Everybody runs towards Nancy.  They look out towards the street.  They all see a light blue car driving by way up on the boulevard heading towards the intersection.  They all get excited!  
“Is that the cab?!” everybody shouts.  “Is it coming this way?!”
“It looks like it might be coming this way!” Aunt Celeste shouts.  Everybody anxiously watches the light blue car as it heads towards an intersection.  They then see the light blue car continue to ride straight through the intersection down the boulevard, not coming their way.  The light blue car then disappears into the distance.
“That wasn't the cab!” Charlotte shouts.
“Damn!” Lonna shouts.
“Are you sure they said a light blue car Michael?” Aunt Celeste asks.
“Yeah I'm sure they said it,” Michael says.  “Most likely that was just another light blue car!”  Everybody continues to look way down at the boulevard.  
Nancy points towards the boulevard again and shouts, “I see another light blue car heading towards the intersection!”
“Is that the cab this time?” Melvin says.
“We sure hope so!” Miranda says.  Everybody anxiously watches the light blue car as it drives down the boulevard towards the intersection.  They then see the light blue car stop behind two other cars at a red light.
“It's stopping at the red light!” Billy says.  “Is it gonna turn here?”
“We don't know,” Michael says.  “We gotta wait and see!”
“Come on light blue car!” Lonna shouts.  “Make a turn, make a turn!”
“Yeah don't go straight down the street like the other light blue car did!” Charlotte shouts.  “Turn this way!”  Everybody continues to anxiously watch the light blue car as it is stopped at a red light.  They then see the red light turn green.
“The red light just turned green!” Ralph shouts.  Everybody anxiously watches the light blue car.  They see the two cars in front of light blue car start to move forward into the intersection.  They then see the light blue car start to move forward to the intersection.
“Is that light blue car gonna turn,” everybody shouts.  “Is it gonna turn?!”
“Come on baby, turn this way!” Melvin shouts.  
“Come on light blue car, turn this way!” Michael shouts.  Everybody sees the two cars in front of the light blue car go straight.  They see the light blue car suddenly making a turn.  Everybody gets excited.
“That is the cab!” Ralph shouts.  Everybody excitingly wave their arms and hands to the light blue car as it makes a turn.  They see the light blue car coming down the street towards their direction as they all shout, “Woo hooo!  The cab is coming!  Woo hooo!  Yeeehaaaaw!”  Everybody continues to wave their arms and hands to the light blue car as it comes down the street towards them.  Charlotte and Lonna are so happy and excited as they dance in a circle around each other, shaking their shoulders as everyone happily watches them.  Charlotte happily points her arm and finger towards the light blue car.  Everybody looks at the light blue car as it continues to head towards them.  
“Michael!” a deep voice shouts.  “Michael!”  Everybody becomes shocked and nervous as Charlotte and Lonna shout, “Aaaaaah! That's Diane!  Aaaaaah!”  Charlotte and Lonna nervously rush and coward in front of Michael and Aunt Celeste as the rest of the Dianettes nervously rush and coward by their side.  Everybody nervously turn their heads around towards the voice and look.  They are all stunned to see Alex standing far behind them shouting, “Michael!”
“Hey Alex!” Michael nervously says.  “You scared us half to death!”
“I did?”
“Yeah!  We thought you were Diane!”
“You all thought I was Diane?”
“We sure did!” Lonna says.
“Do I sound like Diane to y’all?”
“Yeah, sort of,” Michael says.  “Anyway what's up Alex?”
“Christopher is in the lobby.  He wants to see you real quick.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay I'll be there.”  Michael turns to everybody.  They all look at each other and give a sigh of relief.
“Hey where's the party at?!” Alex says. “I smell liquor out here!”  Everybody nervously looks at Alex.  “Did y'all have a party somewhere and didn't invite me?”  Everybody nervously continue to look at Alex.
“There was no party Alex,” Michael says.  “Me and some of the guys just had a few drinks that's all.  Let's go see what Christopher wants.”  Michael turns to Lonna and Charlotte as the light blue cab pulls to the curb next to them.  Michael tells Lonna and Charlotte, “Okay girls, get in the cab.”  He turns to everyone else and says, “I'll be right back.”
“Okay Michael,” everybody says.  Michael heads towards Alex.  Alex turns around as he and Michael start to head to the organization building together.  Kory follows behind them.

Around a dozen people are inside the organization lobby standing around talking.  Michael, Alex and Kory enter the lobby.  Michael turns to Alex and says, “Well where's Christopher?”
“He probably stepped off somewhere real quick,” Alex says.  “He'll be back.”
Diane D suddenly comes towards Michael, Alex and Kory with some papers and forms in her arm and hands.  She approaches Michael and says, “Michael, where are those charity files you had for me yesterday?  I need them now.”
“You finished filing the girls' taxes already?” Michael asks.
“Almost.” Diane D starts to look through the papers and forms and says, “I finished filing three of the girls’ tax forms the other day.  I just finished filing the fourth and fifth tax forms yesterday, I'm working on the last one now.  After I finish filing the last one and get all their taxes out the way, I'm gonna work on mines, that's why I need those files.”
“Okay. Well I left those charity files in Grandma and Grandpa's office on the side of the table.  It's in there.”
“Okay.”  Diane D suddenly hears voices cheering outside.  She looks towards the window.  She goes to the window and peeks through the blinds.  She then says, “You got the girls outside Michael?”
“Yeah.  The guys and Aunt Celeste are out there with them.  I'm gonna go back out there in a few minutes.”
“Okay.”  Diane D turns from the window.  She walks back to Michael and says, “Don't forget we have to take the girls to their probation officer first thing in the morning, after that, I have to go see my probation officer.”  Alex and Kory laugh a little.  Diane D puzzled looks at them and asks, “What’s funny?”
“Oh nothing,” Kory says.  “It’s just that you and all the girls got probation officers, even Dana has one.”  Diane D annoyingly looks at Kory as he shrugs his shoulders at her.  Diane D starts looking through her papers and forms again.  
Christopher, a black male, enters the lobby with a clipboard filled with sheets of paper.  He sees Diane D and shouts, “Oh Diane!”  
Diane D looks up from her papers and forms and looks at Christopher.
Christopher says to her, “Now that I see both you and Michael, these are the girls' probation papers that need your and your family’s signature.”
Christopher approaches Diane D and hands her a clipboard with probation forms on it.  Diane D looks down through the paper forms and counts them as Christopher and Michael stand beside her looking on.  “All six probation forms are there,” Christopher says.  Alex comes on the other side of Diane D and looks on.  Diane D sees a paper with Miranda's name on it.  She lifts the paper up and sees a paper with Lonna's name on it.  She lifts all the papers up and sees each paper with a Dianette's name on it.  “See, I told you, all six probation papers are there,” Christopher says.
“Okay I got it,” Diane D says.  Diane D turns away and goes to the side.  She leans against the back of a chair with her legs crossed as she looks down through the papers again.  Two black woman in their early thirties and a man around his late thirties walk through the lobby together.  They see Diane D.  One of the woman calls out to Diane D and shouts, “Diane D!  Diane D!”  Diane D stops looking through the probation papers and looks up towards the woman.  The two woman and the man approach Diane D as the women says, “Hi Diane D!”
“Hey Diane D!” the second woman says.  “Hey Diane D?!  We saw the video of you and your cousin Charlotte when you two were kids!”  Diane D puts her pen down near her side as she firmly looks at the woman.  “Yeah!” the second woman says.  “We saw you hit your cousin Charlotte in that video for playing and teasing with that pit bull!  In the video, you seemed like you disciplined your cousin Charlotte real hard by hitting her.  Did you really hit your cousin Charlotte that hard?”
“Didn't you just said you saw the video?” Diane D says.
“Yeah I saw it.”
“Well what did it look like to you?”
“It looked like you hit your cousin Charlotte real hard.”
“Well if that's what it looked like to you, that should answer your question then.”
“Yeah I guess it does.  But you hit her so hard.”
“Yeah I hit her hard.  And?”
“It seemed you hit her too hard.”
“That's right I hit her too hard!  What's your point?!”
“Never mind.  I just wanted to ask.”  The second woman backs away as  Diane D annoying looks at her.  The woman then says, “Sorry I asked.”  Diane D continues to annoyingly look at the woman.  The second woman, the first woman and the man start to back away from Diane D.  
Diane D becomes frustrated.  She turns her head to Michael and says, “Michael I'm gonna get those files now.”
“Okay Diane,” Michael says.
Diane D leans up off the chair and walks away as she says to Michael, “And don't forget about tomorrow morning.”
“Yes ma'am.”
Diane D heads down the hallway as Michael, Kory, Alex and Christopher, the two women and the man look on at her.

Five minutes later, Michael, Kory, Alex, Christopher, the two women and the man look down the hall.  They see Diane D swiftly walking down the hall with more forms in her hands as she holds her cell phone to her ear.  They then see Diane D going towards the staircase and go up the steps.

A minute later, Diane D walks in an upstairs hallway towards one of the rooms as she continues to hold a cell phone to her ear quietly speaking into her cell phone.  She then goes into her office and slams the door behind herself.  
Stephanie, Harvey and Evette who are at the other end of the hallway puzzled look at each other as Stephanie says, “My God!  Who slammed the door like that?”
“That was Diane,” Harvey says.  “She just went inside her office.”
“Oh yeah?  Why did she slam the door like that?”
“I don't know.  It looks like she's in a bad mood.”
“Oh yeah?” Evette says.  “Maybe we should find out if she's okay.”
“Heck no.  Just let it be.  Whenever Diane gets into one of her mood swings, it’s best to just stay away from her and just leave her alone.”
“Yeah that’s true,” Stephanie says. “Let's not bother her.”  Stephanie, Harvey and Evette turn their heads and look down towards the office door.  
Harvey then says, “Come on, let's get out of here.”  Harvey, Stephanie and Evette look forward then walk away.

Miranda, Bernice, Nancy, Kelly, some of their boyfriends and members of the Diaz-Davidson Band come into the lobby.  They walk to Michael as Michael asks, ““Is the cab still out there?”
“No,” Dennis says.  “Charlotte, Lonna and Aunt Celeste got inside the cab and left.  They said they'll be back as soon as possible.”
“Okay good.”
“Is Diane still upstairs in the office?” Miranda asks.
“Yeah, she came down here and went back up.”
“Oh yeah?” Nancy says.  “She finished filing our taxes yet?”
“Yeah she finished most of yours already. She's working on one more right now.“
“Just one more?” Bernice asks.
“Yeah.”
“Good.”  Bernice turns to Miranda, Nancy and Kelly and says, “Come y'all.  Let's go see how much money we're getting back this year.”
“I hope I get back more than last year,” Kelly says.
“Me too,” Nancy says as she Miranda, Bernice and Kelly turn and excitedly go towards the stairwell.
“Wait a minute, hold up girls!” Melvin shouts.  Miranda, Bernice, Nancy and Kelly stop and turn around towards Melvin as he shouts, “Now are you sure that none of you four got the scent of hard liquor on you?”
“Yeah we're sure,” Nancy says.
“Yeah these four didn't drink any hard liquor Melvin,” Michael says.  “Just Lonna and Charlotte.  We don't have to worry this time, I think my family’s computer will be safe.  It won't get knocked down to the floor like the other one did.”
“Are you sure man?” Melvin asks.
“Yeah I'm sure.  Plus when Diane's family got this computer and stand, they made sure that the stand got nailed to the floor.”
“They should have did that with the computer too.”  
“I don’t think it’s gonna make a difference if the stand gets nailed to the floor,” Alex says.  “When Diane gets angry again, her superhuman strength is going to over power those nails in the floor!”
“I know,” Michael says, “but let’s think positive for now.  Hopefully that won’t happen ever again as long as the girls don’t smell like hard liquor!”
“We don’t smell like hard liquor,” Miranda says.  
“I know.”
Nancy turns to Miranda, Bernice and Kelly and says, “Come on y'all, let's go up stairs!”  Nancy, Miranda, Bernice and Kelly excitedly turn away and head up the stairs as the fellows look up at them.

Several minutes later, Diane D is sitting inside her office on a stool at the computer stand with her back facing the door typing and clicking away on the computer looking into the computer screen as Miranda, Bernice, Nancy and Kelly stand around her talking and smiling as they look at the computer monitor.  “Wow that's a lot of money it looks like I'm gonna get back,” Kelly says.  “That's how much I'm gonna get back so far Diane?”
“Yeah,” Diane D says. 
“Oh yeaaah let's celebrate.”  Kelly places her hands on Diane D's and Nancy's shoulders as she celebrates bouncing her body up and down a little as she chants, “I'm gonna get some money.  I'm gonna get some money.”
“That's more than you got last year Kelly,” Nancy says. 
“It sure is.”
Bernice looks down at one of the forms on the table and says, “Hey Diane, you wrote down that I donated to the Red Cross.  I never donated to them.”
“I know you didn't Bernice,” Diane D says.  “That's not yours.”
“It isn't?”
“No, that's my form.”
“It’s yours?”
“Yeah.  I didn't get a chance to put my name on it yet.  Your form is underneath mine.”
“Oh I see.”  Bernice looks underneath Diane D's form as Diane D continues to look into the computer screen, typing and clicking away.

Two hours later, Michael, Kory and Diane D's relatives are inside the lounge area talking and laughing.  Nancy, Miranda and Bernice enter the lounge.  They walk to the refrigerator and open it.  They grab some sodas out of it.  “How's it going ladies?” Michael says. 
“Okay,” Nancy says.  
“Where's Kelly?”
“She's still upstairs with Diane?” Miranda says.
“Oh.  Is Diane still filing your taxes?”
“No she finished filing all of ours taxes,” Nancy says.  “She just finished filing Kelly's taxes.  Now she's getting ready to start her own.”
“She is?”
“Yeah.”
Bernice turns to Nancy and Miranda and says.  “Come on girls.  We gotta hurry and get back upstairs.”
“Hurry and get back upstairs?” Michael says.  “Hurry and get back upstairs for what?  If Diane finished filing all your taxes already, y'all don't need to go back.  Y'all don't plan to watch Diane work on her own taxes do y'all?”
“Well yeaaah!” Nancy says.   Nancy, Miranda and Bernice turn away and excitingly hurry back out the lounge.
Everyone looks on at them as Kory says, “They're so noseeee.”  Everyone laughs a little.

Twenty minutes later, Kory walks through the upstairs hallway.  He walks towards Diane D's office door.  He peeps through the door which is slightly open.  He slowly opens the door and walks into the office.

Kory walks towards Diane D, Miranda, Bernice, Nancy and Kelly with their back towards him as Miranda and Kelly fix the bow on the bottom of Diane D‘s long braid.  Bernice and Nancy stand around Diane D talking and looking into the computer screen with Diane D as Diane D types and clicks away on the keyboard and mouse.  Kory comes around Miranda, Bernice, Nancy, Kelly and Diane D and sees Diane D looking into the computer screen as Nancy says, “Wow Diane.  You be getting a lot of money back.”
“She sure do,” Miranda says.
“You’re gonna take us out to dinner again, right Diane?” Bernice says as Miranda, Nancy and Kelly laugh a little.
“Hey Diane,” Kory says.  
Miranda, Bernice, Nancy and Kelly turn their heads away from the computer screen and look at Kory.  Diane D takes a quick glance at Kory then firmly looks back at the computer monitor and continues to click away as she says, “Kory what are you doing in here?”
“I just came to see how you were doing with working on your taxes.”
“Oh really.”
“Yeah.”
“I don't need you to see how I'm doing with working on my taxes.”
“No?”
“No.  Please leave.”
“Leave?  Why?  I just want to watch what you're doing and learn from what you're doing, so I can prepare my own taxes and not have to keep paying somebody else to do it for me.”
“I don't need you watching my tax business.  Just get out.”
“But I want to learn how to file my own taxes.”
“If you want to learn how to file your own taxes, go find somebody else to watch.  Now get out.”
“Well excuuse me!  Don't worry!  I'm outta here.”  Kory turns away and heads towards the door as Nancy, Miranda, Bernice and Kelly turn and look on at him.  
Diane D's cell phone suddenly rings.  Nancy, Miranda, Bernice and Kelly turn their heads back towards Diane D as Diane D looks down at her cell phone and pulls it out of her belt holster.  She looks at the number on her cell phone.  She then puts the phone to her ear.  She speaks into the cell phone and says, “Yeah what's up?”  Diane D starts typing and clicking again as Miranda, Bernice, Nancy and Kelly continue to surround her looking at the computer monitor.

Kory enters back into the lounge area where Michael and Diane D's family are.  “What are you doing back here so soon Kory?” Aunt Jean asks.  “We thought you were gonna watch Diane work on her own taxes so you can learn from her.”
“I would have,” Kory says, “but Diane didn't let me stay there. She wanted me to leave.”
“Diane wanted you to leave?” Michael asks.
“Yeah.  She said she doesn't need me watching her business and told me to get out.”
“She told you to get out?” Aunt Jean asks.
“Yeah.  She chew me out, then she threw me out.  But she's letting her daughters stay in there.”
“Her daughters?”  Aunt Jean and everyone else laughs a little.

Two hours later, Charlotte, Lonna and Aunt Celeste happily walk into the organization lobby with Charlotte and Lonna wearing different clothes.  Everybody approaches them.  “Y'all finally made it back,” Michael says.
“Yeah,” Lonna says.  “Y'all don't smell the hard liquor scent on us do y'all?”  Everybody starts to sniff the air as Lonna and Charlotte nervously look at them.  
“No I don't smell any hard liquor,” Michael says.
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah I'm sure.  I don't smell it.”
“Neither do I,” Aunt Jean says.
“Good,” Lonna says.
“So Charlotte, how you doing?” Kory asks.  “How does your back feel now?”
“How does my back feel now?” Charlotte asks.  “What are you talking about?”
“Some people wanted to know earlier if your back still hurt from when Diane hit you when y'all were kids,” Michael says. 
“Really?  What people?!”
“The people that were standing in the lobby earlier.”  
“So does your back still hurt?” Kory playfully smacks Charlotte on the back.
“Man you better leave her alone before Diane get on your ass,” Ralph says.
“That's right,” Melvin says.
“I was just kidding with her,” Kory says.  “Fine, I won't do it again.”
“We’re just looking out for you bro.”
“Where is Diane by the way?” Aunt Celeste says.  “Is she still in her office?”
“Yeah she's still up there working on her taxes now,” Michael says.  “She finished filing all of the girls' taxes.”
“She did?!” Charlotte shouts.  “Oh good!  Come on Lonna, let's go see how much money we're gonna get back this year!”  Lonna and Charlotte turn and excitingly go through the lobby.  
“I'll go with you girls,” Aunt Celeste says.  Aunt Celeste turns and follows off after Lonna and Charlotte.  Lonna and Charlotte past right by the man and two women who questioned Diane D earlier as the man and two women look at Lonna and Charlotte heading towards the staircase.  Lonna and Charlotte excitingly hold on to each other as they head up the staircase.  Aunt Celeste follows right behind them.

Teresa and Felisha are walking on the sidewalk.  They walk towards Dana, Judy and another Jamaican female relative of Dana’s named Tiffany who is in her late 20’s as Dana leans against a pole with her legs crossed drinking from a brown paper bag as Judy and Tiffany stand beside her.  “Hey ladies,” Teresa says.
“Hey Teresa,” Judy says as Teresa and Felisha approach her, Dana and Tiffany.
“Did y'all go inside yet?”
“We're getting ready to, but Dana has to wait for Aunt Mary and Uncle Barry to come out the car first.”
“Oh yeah?  How come”
“She’s in their custody Teresa.  Don’t you remember?  You know Dana can’t go anywhere without her family with her.”
“Oh yeah that’s right.  Sorry.”
 Judy turns to Dana and asks, “Did you save me any beer Dana?”
“No,” Dana says.
“Why not?!  You could have least save me some beer.”
“I’ll get you a beer later Judy.”
“Okay thanks.”  
Mary, Barry, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda approach Dana, Judy, Tiffany, Teresa and Felisha as Mary says, “Okay girls, we’re going into the building now.  Ready Dana?”
“Yeah I’m ready Aunt Mary.”
“Okay come on.”  
Dana leans off the pole.  She turns and walks away between Mary and Barry. They all head towards the organization building as Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda, Judy, Tiffany, Teresa and Felisha follow them.

Dana, Mary, Barry, Judy, Tiffany, Teresa and Felisha enter the lobby of the organization lobby.  All the people in the lobby approach them as Michael holds a coffee pot full of coffee in his hand and says, “Hey guys.  How’s it going?”
“Okay Michael,” Barry says.
“What are you doing with that pot of coffee Michael?” Mary asks.
“I was just about to take this coffee pot up to Diane.  She asked me can I make her a pot of coffee so she can keep herself awake because she wants to hurry and finish working on her taxes.  She‘s upstairs working on her taxes right now.”
“She is?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay.  We’ll come with you Michael.”
“Okay.”  Michael turns around and heads up the staircase with the pot of coffee as Dana, Mary, and Barry head up the stairs behind him.  Judy, Tiffany, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda, Teresa and Felisha all head up the staircase and follow them.

















































Chapter 44

Diane D Visits The Schools Again


One month later, Diane D is inside a school auditorium with children and teachers.  She gets ready to leave the auditorium as Michael walks beside her.  “By Diane D!” the students shout.  “Bye!”
Diane D turns to the students and shouts, “By everybody!”
Emily approaches Diane D and says, “Thank you so much for coming to the school Diane D.  Are you able to come to the other school next week?”
“Oh no, sorry I can't.  My entire family and I are leaving back for Jamaica tomorrow morning.”
“You are?  So soon?”
“It's not soon. My family and I was supposed to have been back in Jamaica last week.  We only postponed the entire trip so I can be here today.  But my family is ready to go back.”
“Oh yeah?   Are the Dianettes going back to Jamaica with your family?”
“Yeah the girls are going back with us.  I called my grandparents' house around an hour ago and spoke to the girls.  They told me they got most of my belongings and their belongings packed already.”
“They did?  That's nice.  What about your cousin Dana?  Is she going back to Jamaica with you too?”
“Yeah she's going back too. We're all staying at her mother's family's house again.  We all have to be at the airport tomorrow morning to catch the eight thirty flight, so I have to go home and get some rest.”
“Thank you so much for being here.  I wish you wouldn't have to go.  Well by Diane D.  Take care of yourself.”  Emily gives Diane D a hug as Diane D hugs her back.  
Diane D lets go of Emily.  She turns to the students and teachers and shouts, “By everybody!”
“By Diane D!” the students and teachers shout. “Bye!”  Diane D turns back around and leaves as Michael follows her.

Michael has his arms wrapped around Diane D as he and Diane D leave the school building and head towards the sidewalk.
Diane D and Michael are walking outside on the sidewalk.
The students and school staff members come out on the sidewalk and look on at Diane D and Michael.  They then wave and shout, “By Diane D!  By Michael!”  
Diane D and Michael turn and wave bye to the students and staff members.  They turn back forward and continue to head down the street.  They reach the middle of the sidewalk.   

The students and staff members continue to wave towards Diane D and Michael and shout, “Bye Diane D!  Bye Michael!”

Diane D and Michael turn around again and wave by to the students and staff members.  They turn back forward and head further down the street.  

The students and staff members continue to wave to Diane D and Michael and shout, “Bye Diane D!  Bye Michael!”

Diane D and Michael turn back around and take one last look at the students and staff members.  They wave by to the students and staff members.  They then turn back forward and head further down the street.  They reach the corner.  They then turn the corner and disappear out of sight.  

The students and staff members sadly stare down the street not seeing Diane D and Michael anymore.  They stand there and stare for a few seconds.  They then turn and sadly start to head back to the building as they turn their heads and take one last look towards the direction Diane D and Michael disappeared into.


Diane D has set off to Jamaica with Michael, her family and relatives including Dana and the Dianettes.  She then sets back off to the Dominican Republic with Michael, her family and relatives including Dana and the Dianettes, then sets off to St. Thomas.   Diane D, Dana and the Dianettes will continue to be in the custody of Diane D’s family.  They will all continue to see their probation officers and get counseling for all of their violent tempers and behaviors and Diane D and Dana will continue to be on medication for their mental illness and out of control behaviors.


THE END
