








DIANE D
In The Headlines
Volume 2

Part 1

by 
Doris Miller











Published by:

Hill Publications
Queens, New York


DIANE D
In The Headlines
Volume 2

Part 1

by 
Doris Miller

This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and events depicted in this novel are the author's creation and any resem­blance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is uninten­tional and purely coincidental.

Copyright © 2004 by Doris Miller
All rights reserved
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
First print version January 2015

Adapted from the script
The Headlines And Articles Of 
DIANE D
Volume 2
First written in 2003

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, digital or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, posting on the Internet/World Wide Web or by any information storage and retrieval system without written permission from the author or publisher except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review.
Book production by 
Hill Publications
1. Title. 2. Author
Library of Congress Control Number 2013940365
ISBN No. 978-0-9662055-4-1 Softcover

DIANE D
In The Headlines
Volume 2

Part 1


Synopsis


The lead character of this story is Diane D of DIANE D The Musical Drama.
Diane D is a young gorgeous female who was born in the Dominican Republic.  She has a fair complexion and small puffy eyes.  She has long black wavy hair, which hangs down her back.  She stands at 5' 5 1/2" tall and has a strong muscular physique. She is a physically strong person, especially when angry.  She is a very athletic per­son. She has been athletic since childhood. Diane D dresses a lot in turtlenecks and stretch jeans.  Her mom’s side of the family are all from the Dominican Republic.  They speak both Spanish and English.  They now live in New York and have a family business where they own and run The Diaz-Davidson Organization which is a charity and entertainment organization
This story also involves headline scandals, sniper shootings, drunk driven arrests, weapons possession charges, fist fights, a few car chases, motorcycle chases, the Dianettes’ attack and rivalry against another well known female pop group which caused the female pop group to be hospitalized and missed their flight causing their  concert to be canceled.  
This story also involves three female police officers being beaten, attacked and injured on two different occasions by Diane D’s deranged and dangerous cousin Dangerous Dana.  All three female officers are forced to quit and resign from the police force because of their permanent injuries they suffered from Dana.  
This story also involves the Dianettes’ back stage attack on another well-known female singer and her husband and a newspaper reporter's apparent suicide. 








Table of Contents
Chapters 1 - 26



Chapter 1. The Weapons Possession Charge
Chapter 2. Dana Bully’s Her Aunt’s Tenants
Chapter 3. Problem At The Dance Studio
Chapter 4. Controversy Over Diane D’s Dance Steps
Chapter 5. Controversy At The Catering Hall
Chapter 6. The Dana Vs. Newspaper Reporter Showdown!
Chapter 7. Dana’s Trial
Chapter 8. Dana's Homecoming
Chapter 9. Controversy At The Dance Studio
Chapter 10. The Rival!
Chapter 11. Dana Throws Contractors Out
Chapter 12. Tension At The Dance Studio
Chapter 13. Diane D’s Absence Causes Tension
Chapter 14. Round 2 Of The Dianettes Vs. The Punky Gurlz!
Chapter 15. Intimidation At The Catering Hall
Chapter 16. Controversy Over Snatched Chains As Dana Strikes Police!
Chapter 17. The Motorcycle Chase!
Chapter 18. Road Rage As Diane D And Dana Try To Assault Motorist!
Chapter 19. The Dianettes Got The Fashion Bug
Chapter 20. The Soda Challenge
Chapter 21. The Sniper Shooting!
Chapter 22. Lost In The Woods
Chapter 23. Diane D Angrily Walks Off Stage And Socks Reporter!
Chapter 24. Michael Makes A Shocking Confession To Diane D
Chapter 25. The Beast Within Returns
Chapter 26. Diane D Gets Arrested At Hospital Where She Works!







     Dana			Diane D, Michael



   Michael 		      Dana



Diane D and the Dianettes
















Chapter 1

The Weapons Possession Charge


It is late at night around 1:00 in the morning.  Street cameras in Queens and Long Island, NY are being shot down by a mysterious sniper.  Police cars are on the scene.  Several policemen are standing around looking down at a street camera that has been shot down.  “So far, four street cameras had been shot down already!” a male white police officer says.
“You still don't have any clue who's shooting down these street cameras?” an older male white detective says. 
“No.  All we know is that somebody is going around shooting these street cameras down with a high powered rifle!  We have no idea who's doing this or why.  Thank God no one has been hurt by these fallen street cameras!  So far it's gonna cost the city thousands of dollars in damages!”  The officer and the detective continue to look down and around the shot down street camera.

A few miles away, two male white police officers, Officer Silvers and Officer Monroe, are sitting inside their patrol car.  They suddenly spot a car a couple of blocks away wobbling and swerving down the street.  “That car is wobbling over there,” Officer Silvers says as he sits behind the wheel.
“Yeah I see,” Officer Monroe says.  The officers then see the car ride right into some bushes.  “It just rode right into some bushes,” Officer Monroe says.
“Let's go check it out.”  The police officers put on their sirens and start to go after the car.  

A dark blue car pulls out of the bushes, then wobbles and swerves down the street.  The police car hurries after the dark blue car!  The dark blue car continues to wobble and swerve down the street.  The police car soon catches up to the dark blue car.  “Pull over to the right!” a voice from the police car blow horn shouts.  The dark blue car continues to wobble.  “Pull over to the right!” a voice from the police car blow horn shouts again.  The dark blue car slowly pulls over to the right and stops.  The police car pulls over and stops behind the dark blue car.  Officer Silvers and Officer Monroe come out of the police car.

Inside the dark blue car, Diane D sits in the driver's seat looking sweaty and dreary as she looks in the rearview mirror with her cousin Dana sitting in the passenger seat looking sweaty and dreary also as she has her head turned facing the rear window, looking at the officers.

Officer Silvers approaches the dark blue car on the driver's side while Officer Monroe approaches the dark blue car on the passenger side.  Officer Silvers stands on the driver’s side of the dark blue car.  He looks at Diane D.  He then asks, “Are you okay Miss?”  Diane D gives a dreary look at Officer Silvers.  Officer Silvers looks further into the car and sees Dana.  He looks back at Diane D and says, “Miss, I asked are you okay.  Do you realize how you were driving?”  Diane D rolls her eyes away from Officer Silvers and holds her head down on the steering wheel.  Officer Silvers then says, “Miss, you don't seem fit to be driving.  I'm gonna have to ask you to step out of the car.”  Officer Silvers looks further into the car at Dana again and says to her, “I'm gonna have to ask you to step out of the car too Miss.  Both of you step out of the car.”  Diane D and Dana open their side of the door and slowly step out of the vehicle.  Officer Silvers looks at Diane D’s face.  He recognizes her and says, “Hey, I know you!  You're Diane D, aren't you?”
“Yes I am,” Diane D says.
“Wow.  Who's the lady with you?”
“That's my cousin Dana.”
“Your cousin Dana?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow Diane D.  Weren’t you sent away Upstate to a Mental Institution for beating up that little kid inside an elementary school?”
“Yes as a matter of fact, they did put me away for that.”
“So what are you doing out here on the streets?  You didn’t escape from the Mental Institution, with a little help from your cousin, did you?”
“No I did not escape from the Mental Institution!  I served my time up there and they let me out!”
“They did?”
“Yes they did!”
“How long were you out?”
“I came out a few months ago.”
“You did?”
“Yes I did.”
“I didn’t hear about it.”
“What?  What do you mean you didn’t hear about it?  Were you supposed to hear about it?”
“Well, when you first got sent to the Mental Institution, everyone heard and read about it.  It’s just that I thought whenever you came out of the Mental Institution, everyone would hear and be warned about that also.”
“Everyone would hear and be warned about that?”
“Yes.”
“Why would everyone have to know or be warned when I come out?  Everybody does not have to know every damn move I make Officer.”
“No I guess not.  By the way, I smell liquor on you Diane D.  Were you drinking?”
“No I wasn't.”
“How about your cousin here?” Officer Monroe says.  He looks at Dana and says, “Were you drinking Miss?”
“No I wasn't,” Dana says.
“Yes you were.   I smell alcohol on you.”
“Miss Diane D,” Officer Silvers says.   “You know it's against the law to be drinking and driving?”
“We weren't drinking Officer,” Diane D says.
“Don't play games with me.  I'm gonna have to ask you two to step over here.”
“Why?”
“Don't ask questions Miss, just do as I say.  Step over this way.”  Officer Silvers looks at Dana and says, “You too miss.  Step over here.”  Diane D and Dana look at Officer Silvers.  They slowly step to the side near each other.  Officer Silvers then says, “I'm going to search your vehicle to see if I see any liquor in there.”
“What!” Dana shouts.  She becomes hysterical.  She is about to head towards the car but Diane D pulls her back.  Dana shouts to Officer Silvers, “You can't search our vehicle Officer!  There's no liquor in there!”
“I'll believe it if I don't see it!  Just step back over there Miss!”  Officer Silvers goes into the car and takes the keys out of the ignition as Officer Monroe stand on the side guarding Diane D and Dana.  Officer Silvers holds a flashlight inside the car interior looking around it.  He comes out of the car.  He turns to Officer Monroe and says, “I don't see anything in there.”
“No?” Officer Monroe says.  “Check the trunk.”
Dana becomes hysterical again.  She is about to head towards the trunk but Diane D pulls her back again.  Dana shouts to the officers, “There's nothing in the trunk Officers!  You don't need to go in there!”
“Let me be the judge of that Miss,” Officer Silvers says.  “Just stay back, alright!”
Diane D holds onto Dana as Officer Silvers goes to the trunk with the car keys.  Officer Silvers unlocks the trunk.  Dana is about to head for the trunk again, but Diane D pulls Dana back again and says to her, “Let him check the trunk Dana!  We have nothing to hide.  Let him check the trunk.”  Dana glares at Diane D as Diane D turns to Officer Silvers and shouts, “Go ahead and check the trunk Officer!”
“Diane!” Dana shouts.
Diane D turns back to Dana and shouts, “We have nothing to hide Dana!”  Diane D turns back at Officer Silvers and shouts, “Go ahead and check the trunk Officer!”
“If you say so,” Officer Silvers says.  
Dana glares at Diane D.  She and Diane D then look at Officer Silvers as Officer Silvers opens the trunk.  Dana is about to go to the trunk again but Diane D pulls her back again.  
Officer Silvers looks into the trunk.
“See officer?!” Diane D shouts.  “I told you we have nothing to hide!  There's nothing suspicious inside the trunk!”
“Oh yes there is!” Officer Silvers shouts.  “You have a couple of rifles in here!”
“What!  A couple of rifles?!  What do you mean we have a couple of rifles in there?!”  Diane D hurries to the trunk as Officer Monroe hurries behind her.
“Just like I said Ma'am!” Officer Silvers shouts.  “There are two rifles inside this trunk!”  Diane D looks in the trunk.  She becomes shocked and stunned to see two long rifles inside the trunk.  She stares at the rifles.  She puzzled looks at Officer Silvers as he says to her, “You care to explain this Diane D?”
“Officer, I don't understand.  I don't know what's going on.  I don't know anything about these rifles!  I've never seen these rifles before in my life!”
“No?  Well how did they get in this trunk?”
“I have no idea!”  Diane D looks towards Dana and shouts, “Dana do you know anything about these rifles?!”
“No I don't,” Dana says.
Diane D puzzled looks at Dana.  Diane D turns back to Officer Silvers and says, “Officer, someone had to have plant these rifles inside this trunk without us knowing it!”
“Does this someone have the keys to your trunk?” Officer Silvers asks.
“I don't know.”
“Well I'm gonna have to take you two in.”
“What!  What do you mean take us in?”
“First of all, for drunk driving!  Second of all, for reckless driving and third, for having possession of fire arms!”
“Possession of fire arms?  These aren't our rifles officer!  I have no idea where these rifles came from!”
“Yeah tell it to the judge!   You two are under arrest!” 
Diane D and Dana shockingly look at Officer Silvers.

Inside the police station, Officer Silvers walks to Officer Monroe who is sitting behind a desk and says to him, “We tested the ballistics of the rifles.  Those ballistics match the bullets that have been found at all of the traffic camera shoot outs!”
“What!” Officer Monroe says.
“Yes!”
“You mean to tell me that Diane D and her cousin Dana are the ones who might have been shooting down all those traffic cameras?”
“Yes!  Either both of them or one of them or someone who had the rifles.  Either way, the rifles were caught in their possession.”
“Why would they do something like that?”
“I don't know.  Diane D says she has nothing to do with the traffic cameras being shot down.  The other one isn't talking at all.”
“You mean her cousin Dana?”
“Yeah.  Well, I put a trace on those rifles and ballistics.  I found out who the rifles belong to!  Those rifles belong to an uncle of theirs!”
“An uncle of Diane D and her cousin Dana?”
“Yeah.  An uncle of theirs named Willie Brown.  I called him up.  He claims either his niece Diane D or his other niece Dana took his rifles without his knowledge or his permission!  I told him that his nieces are suspected of shooting down the traffic cameras.  He was real upset when he heard about it and he was real furious when he found out that his nieces stole his rifles and that his rifles were used in the traffic camera shoot outs!  He's threatening to press charges against his nieces himself!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah!”
“But I don't think Diane D really had anything to do with those rifles being inside the trunk of that car or even knew that those rifles were in there.  I think it was the other one who putted those rifles in there without Diane D even knowing about it.  Think about it.  Why was Diane D the one willing for us to check the trunk of that car, saying that they had nothing to hide while the other one was the one against us even looking inside the trunk?  The other one knew those rifles were inside that trunk and didn't want to be caught with them.”
“I told their uncle that.  He believes the exact same thing that it was Dana who stole his rifles out of his house and not Diane D.  He did say that Dana was at his house the other night asking about his rifles.  He said he never knew she was planning to steal and use them.  He says he keeps his rifles hidden and locked away.  He says he doesn't know how Dana found out where his rifles were or how she got the rifles while they were locked up.”
“Well obvious she was casing his house while she was there.  She was searching for those rifles and was searching for the keys to unlock those rifles.  But still, why did she shoot down the traffic cameras, if she's the one who did it?”
“Her Uncle Willie says he thinks Dana got angry about all the moving violations she's gotten because she's always speeding.  When she goes through a red light, the camera would snap pictures of the license plate of whatever car she's driving.  The owner of the car would be one of her family members or relatives.  They would end up with getting the traffic ticket.  They would get angry and confront Dana about the traffic ticket.  Dana would get furious about the traffic ticket, so I think she decided to take care of those traffic cameras by shooting them down.”
“Has she been taught how to use rifles?”
“I asked her uncle that.  He says he never taught her.  He told me Dana's always been fascinated with guns and rifles since she was a kid back in Jamaica.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”

Inside the Women’s Detention lobby, Diane D's entire family and relatives, her husband Michael and Dana's boyfriend Tony are all angry and upset as they question Diane D and Dana's friend Teresa who's with her boyfriend Joseph as Diane D’s mom Mary says, “So Teresa, what did Diane and Dana say to you when you called them?”
“I asked them were they still planning to pick me up because they were taking a long time to show up at my house,” Teresa says.  “Then Diane told me to just cool out and be patient that she and Dana are on their way over, so I waited another long time for them to show up.  That's when Michael and Tony called me and Joseph and told us Diane and Dana both just got arrested on drunk driving and weapons possession charge and stolen properties.”
“Y'all didn't know anything about them drinking or having rifles on them?” Barry asks. 
“No,” Joseph says.  “Not until Michael and Tony told us about it.”
“That's it!” Uncle Willie angrily shouts.  “I'm going to press charges against Dana!”
“Calm down Willie,” Diane D and Dana’s paternal grandmother Gracy says.  “I'm sure there's some explanation to all of this!”
“There is no explanation Mom!  Dana stole my rifles!  She stole them out of my closet point blank, right under my nose!  I don't appreciate that!  I'm definitely going to press charges against her!”
“You can't do that Willie!” Diane D and Dana’s paternal grandfather Mike shouts.  “Dana is your niece!  She's your family!  You're going to press charges against your own family?!”
“Dad, did Dana think about family values when she took my rifles to shoot those traffic cameras down?!”
“Dana didn't mean to get you into trouble Willie!”
“I'm not the one in trouble Dad, she is!  She's the one who's sitting in jail and she winds up bringing Diane with her!  Man she's gonna have to deal with me whenever she and Diane get out of jail!  Wait till I get a hold of her!”
“I'm sure Dana and Diane didn't mean to get caught Willie,” Gracy says.  “They were both drunk and didn't know what they were doing!  I'm sure they didn't expect the police to see or catch them driving recklessly!  Don't press charges against Dana Willie, please don't!”
“I am gonna press charges against her Mom!   If I let her get away with this once, she's gonna do it again!”
“Willie!” Grandpa Mike shouts.  “You're just gonna have to find another place to lock up your rifles where Dana can't find them, that's all!  Don't worry, I'm gonna see that Diane and Dana both can get bailed out, then we'll handle it from there, okay?  Come on.  Let's go see if we can bail them out.”  Grandpa Mike takes Willie by the shoulder and leads him away.  The rest of the family follow behind Grandpa Mike and Uncle Willie.

The following day, a man and woman in the street who are around their late twenties are reading a couple of different newspaper articles with two different headlines that read:  DIANE D AND HER COUSIN DANA ARRESTED ON DRUNK DRIVING AND WEAPONS POSSESSION CHARGES AND STOLEN PROPERTIESS: DIANE D AND HER COUSIN DANA ARE SUSPECTED OF SHOOTING DOWN TRAFFIC CAMERAS:  “My God can you believe it?” the woman says.  “Diane D and her cousin Dana were arrested on drunk driving and weapons possession charges and stolen properties last night!  They were the ones who were shooting down all those traffic cameras for the past two months!”
“Yeah I see it,” the man says.  “Why would they go around doing that?  Why would anybody shoot down traffic cameras?”
“I don't know.  I guess we'll probably have to wait and find out in tomorrow's paper.”  The man and woman continue to read the newspaper articles.

Outside the Women’s Detention, a large heavy crowd appears outside the jail.  Hundreds and hundreds of people are out there.  There are reporters all over the place.  Tons of Diane D fans are outside the jail.  They are protesting, holding up large signs that say 'RELEASE DIANE D', 'STAY STRONG DIANE D'.  A lot of them are wearing T-shirts that read, 'DIANE D'.

Inside the Women’s Detention lobby, Diane D’s entire family and relatives are all angry and upset surrounding Grandpa Mike as Barry asks, “So what happened last night Dad?  Diane and Dana couldn't get any bail?”
“No!” Grandpa Mike shouts.  “They weren't allowed any bail!”
“What!” the entire family shouts.
“I'm gonna hire a lawyer for them.”
“Mike,” Gracy says. “We're gonna have to call up David and Christine in Jamaica and tell them that Dana and Diane are both in jail.”
“No Gracy, let's not get David and Christine upset right now.  Let me get a lawyer and see if we can get the girls out of jail as soon as possible before we call up David and Christine.  Come on let's go.”  Mike turns and walks away as they all follow behind him.

A few days later, Diane D’s entire family and relatives are inside the lawyer’s office all angry and upset.  They surround a couple of white male lawyers James Koffman, a gentleman with dark hair, and his partner Jerry Hutchinson who are both around their late 40's.  James Koffman speaks to Grandpa Mike and says, “I went to see and speak with both your granddaughters the other day.  I told them they were still denied bail.  They were pretty upset about it.”
“I don't blame them!” Grandpa Mike shouts.  “Why can't you get my granddaughters bail?”
“The district attorney wants them to stay locked up until their court date.”
“When is that?” Mary asks.
“In three months.”
“Three months!” Grandpa Mike and his family shout.
“You mean the district attorney is gonna keep them locked up for three whole months?!” Barry shouts
“I'm afraid so,” James Koffman says.  He looks at Gracy and asks, “Did you call your granddaughter Dana's parents down in Jamaica?”
“Yes I did,” Gracy says.  “We called her parents up last night.  They're on their way up here.  Her mother Christine is bringing her entire family up here with her.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Just please get my granddaughters out of jail Mr. Koffman,” Grandpa Mike says.
“I will,” James Koffman says.  “I'm gonna speak to the district attorney again tomorrow and try to get bail for your granddaughters.”
“Yes please do.”
“Okay.”  James Koffman and Diane D's family and relatives get up from their chairs.  They turn and walk towards the doorway and leave the office.

It is one week later.  Outside the Women’s Detention, a large heavy crowd appears outside the jail again.  Hundreds and hundreds of people are out there.  There are reporters all over the place.  Tons of Diane D fans are outside the jail.  They're still holding up large signs that say 'RELEASE DIANE D', 'STAY STRONG DIANE D'.  A lot of them are wearing T-shirts that read, 'DIANE D'.

Inside the Women’s Detention lobby, Diane D’s entire family and relatives, Dana's family from Jamaica and the beautiful and gorgeous Dianettes are all angry and upset as they surround James Koffman and Jerry Hutchinson as James Koffman says to them, “We still couldn't get the district attorney to give Diane D and Dana any bail.  He says they still have to remain in jail until their court date!”
“What!” Diane D and Dana’s family say.
“Come on!” Grandpa Mike shouts.  “They've been in jail for an entire week already!  Why can't the district attorney just let them go!”
“He doesn't want to,” James Koffman says.
“We tried to get your granddaughters out Mr. Brown,” Jerry Hutchinson says.
“Well you didn't try hard enough!” Grandpa Mike shouts. 
“We did the best we could.”
“I'm just gonna have to call your granddaughters on the phone and tell them the bad news,” James Koffman says.
“Ah man,” Diane D and Dana’s family say.
James Koffman gets on a jail phone and dials a number.  He speaks into the phone and says, “Hello, I need to speak to two inmates up there, Diane Denise Brown and her cousin Dana Jean Brown.  Send them to the phone please, thank you.”  James Koffman waits for a while.  He then speaks into the phone and says, “Hello?  Is this, Diane D?  .....  Hello Diane D, it's me James Koffman.”  Diane D and Dana's family and relatives excitingly look on.  The Dianettes anxiously approach James Koffman and try to take the phone receiver out of his hand.
“Cool it girls,” Mary says to the Dianettes as she tries to stop them. “Let him speak to Diane.  Step over here.”  The Dianettes step to the side next to Mary.  Everyone turns towards James Koffman as he speaks into the phone receiver and says, “Yeah Diane D, how are you doing today?”

On the other end of the phone, Diane D, who is wearing an orange prison suit, is Upstairs in the Women’s Detention lounge standing as she talks into a telephone receiver and says, “I'm doing okay.”
“Good,” James Koffman says.  “How's your cousin Dana doing?”
“She's holding up.  Were you able to get bail for us Mister Koffman?”
“No I wasn't.”
“No?  Well why not?”
“The district attorney wants you and your cousin Dana to stay in jail until your court date.”
“What!  The district attorney wants us to stay in jail until our court date?!”
“Yes.”
Diane D frustratingly looks across the lounge.  She then shouts across the lounge, “He says the district attorney wants us to stay in jail until our court date?!”
“What the hell he means the district attorney wants us to stay in jail until our court date?!” Dana’s voice shouts.
“I don't know!” Diane D speaks back into the phone receiver and says.  “Why does the district attorney wants us to stay in jail until our court date?!”
“He wants you two to serve some time in jail,” James Koffman says.
“We've already been here a week!  That means we have to stay in here for another eleven weeks?!”
“I'm afraid so.”
“You told us you would definitely get bail for us today!”
“I know I said that, but what can I tell you?”
“Tell us you're gonna get us bail!”
“I can't do that!”
Diane D looks across the lounge and hollers to Dana, “He says he can't get us bail!”
“Why not?!” Dana’s voice shouts.
Diane D gets back on the phone and shouts, “Why not?!”
“I don't know,” James Koffman says.
Diane D looks back across the lounge and hollers to Dana, “He says he doesn't know!”
“He doesn't know?!” Dana’s voice shouts.  “What the hell means he doesn't know?!”
Diane D speaks back into phone and shouts, “What do you mean you don't know?!”
“Like I said, I don't know,” James Koffman says.
Diane D looks back across the lounge and hollers back to Dana, “He said it again, he doesn't know!”
“He still don't know?!” Dana’s voice shouts.
“No!   That's all he could say, he doesn't know!”
Dana, also dressed in a orange prison suit, angrily gets up from a chair.  She walks towards Diane D, points her hand at the telephone receiver and shouts, “I swear THAT useless motherfucka!”  Dana turns and angrily walks away from Diane D.

Back downstairs in the lobby, James Koffman overhears Dana and shouts into the receiver, “Hey!  I overheard what your cousin Dana just called me!”  The entire crowd puzzled looks at James Koffman as he shouts into the receiver, “Yes I did!  I'm not gonna have any client of mines disrespecting me like that!  Put your cousin Dana on the phone now!  Let me have a word with her!”
“What's going on Mr. Koffman?” Dana’s dad David shouts.
James Koffman ignores David and continues to shout into the receiver, “Oh she doesn't want to come to the phone?!  She has nothing to say to me?!  Well I can still hear her yelling and cursing about me in the background!  ...... What!  I just overheard her yelling and screaming that your grandfather should fire me?!”  The entire crowd puzzled look at each other.  They then back at James Koffman as he continues to shout into the phone, “What did she say?! ….. I just overheard her yelling and screaming something else about me! ...... What! ...... Oh yeah?! ...... Is that right?! ......  Really! ...... Is that right?! ......  What!  Oh she thinks that about me too! ..... Is that right?!  Well you know what you can tell her?!  ...... What!  She really believes that, huh! ...... Is that right?!”
The entire crowd puzzled looks at James Koffman as they say, “What are they saying to him?”
“Well if your cousin Dana is gonna go around disrespecting me like that and feels all that stuff about me, she could go find herself another lawyer!”
“What in the world is going on?!” Mary shouts.
“I don't know!” Grandpa Mike shouts, “but I'm gonna find out!”  Grandpa Mike walks up to James Koffman and shouts, “Hand me the phone!”  Mike snatches the receiver out of James Koffman's hand and speaks into it shouting, “Diane!  Diane!  Diane!  Diane!”  Grandpa Mike looks at the telephone receiver.  He then turns to his family and says, “She's not there.”  Grandpa Mike hangs up the telephone.  He turns to James Koffman and shouts, “Do you mind telling us what the hell was that all about!”
“I just overheard your other granddaughter Dana calling me a useless motherf.....!” James Koffman shouts.  “Then I heard her calling me every name in the book!  She disrespected me!  I'm not going to have any client of mines disrespecting me!  I'm not gonna tolerate that!  Let her go find herself another lawyer!”
“Wait a minute!  I hired you to represent both my granddaughters!”
“Oh I'll represent Diane D, but I won't represent the other one!”
“Now wait a cotton picking minute!  Either you represent both my granddaughters, or you represent none of them!”
“What are you talking about?!  Did you hear what I just told you?!  I said your other granddaughter Dana disrespected me!  She called me a useless motherf.... and everything else!  I'm supposed to put up with that?!”
“I'm sure she wouldn't have disrespected you if you were able to get them bail!  Now take them both or take none of them and pay me back my money!  The choice is yours!”
“I can't believe you expect me to tolerate that.  I cannot believe that you condone her behavior!  How can you expect me to represent her?!  How can you?!  Especially representing someone who calls me names like that?!  I'm sorry I can't represent her!  I won't!”
“Fine, don't represent either of them!  Just pay me my money back and I'll get another lawyer for my granddaughters!”  Grandpa Mike turns to his family and tells them, “Stay here everybody!  I'll be right back!”  Grandpa Mike and James Koffman turn and angrily walk away with each other as the entire family, relatives and the Dianettes look on.

A few men in the street are giggling as they read an article in the paper with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S LAWYER QUITS HER CASE AFTER HER COUSIN DANA IS OVERHEARD CALLING HIM A USELESS MOTHERF....!  One of the men turns to the others and says, “Did y'all read this, where it says Diane D's cousin Dana called their lawyer a useless motherfucka?”
“Yeah I saw it,” the second man giggles.  “Unbelievable.”
“Oh I believable it,” the third man giggles, “knowing how Diane D's cousin Dana is.”  The men continue to giggle as they read the article.

A few months has past.  It is now court day.  Diane D and Dana's entire family and relatives are all sitting down in the spectators' seats.  Mary and Christine come out of the front room, followed by Diane D and Dana, who are both dressed in identical sweater shirts and identical slacks and their long black hair flowing down their sides and backs.  They are followed by two other male white lawyers around their late 40's.  Mary and Christine approach the front benches and stop as everyone else in the courtroom look on.  Mary and Christine turn around to Diane D and Dana and gestures for Diane D and Dana to go in first and take a seat.  Dana moves in first followed by Diane D, then by Mary as Christine waits aside.  
Dana and Diane D's family and relatives wave to them from the spectator seats.  Dana and Diane D stand there looking towards the back of the courtroom at their family and relatives.  Christine looks at Dana and Diane D and says, “Dana!  Diane!”  Dana and Diane turn and look at Christine as Christine says to them, “Look forward and take your seats please.”  Dana and Diane look forward and angrily plot down into their seats.  “Thank you,” Christine says to them.  Mary sits down besides Diane D as Christine sits at the edge next to Mary.  Dana sits there frustrated as she looks forward.  Diane D turns to Dana and tells her, “Be cool Dana.  It's gonna be alright.”  One of the lawyers, Ken Murrell gets ready to take the case.

Around an hour later, Diane D and Dana's families, relatives, Michael, Tony, Joseph and Teresa stand outside the courtroom surrounding Diane D and Dana cheering.  Christine and David then pull Willie to the side.
Christine, David and Willie stand at the side as Christine says, “Thanks for deciding not to press charges against Dana Willie.” 
“Yeah, I'm still pissed off at what she did,” Willie says.
“It won't happen again Willie,” David says.  “Promise.”
“Yeah I hope not.”  Willie, Christine and David turn their heads and look down the hall towards Diane D and Dana.  
Diane D holds Dana by the arm and says to her family and relatives, “Excuse us for a minute everybody.”  Diane D pulls Dana from the crowd and goes to the side.  
Diane D and Dana stand at the side as Diane D tells Dana, “Now Dana, you know Uncle Willie is gonna keep his rifles hidden somewhere else every time you come over to his place.”
“I won't take his rifles again Diane,” Dana says.
“I hope not.  Look Dana, since Michael's family is coming in from Virginia again, they’re gonna stay at our place for a couple of months.  Since they‘re gonna stay at our place, I decided to stay at Aunt Mindy and Uncle Charles' house again.”
“You are?”
“Yeah.  Too much of Michael's family is gonna be at our place, so I decided to just stay somewhere else and just let Michael and his family have the place for a while.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Why don’t you stay with me and Tony at his place.”
“Let me try Aunt Mindy first.  Could you call up Aunt Mindy and Uncle Charles for me and let them know I'm coming to stay with them?  Tell them I want to stay in the same room I stayed in before.”
“Okay.  I'm gonna go outside and call them.”
“Okay Dana.”
Dana turns and walks towards the exit as Diane D turns and walks back towards her family and relatives.  

The following day, several people in the street are reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D AND HER COUSIN DANA HAVE BEEN RELEASED FROM JAIL!  JUDGE CONSIDERS TIME SERVED FOR DRUNK DRIVING AND WEAPONS POSSESSION CHARGE AND STOLEN PROPERTIES!  “Look!” a woman says.  “It says right here that Diane D and her cousin Dana went to court yesterday and the judge released them from jail for time served.”
“Oh that's good,” one of the men say.  “They don't have to stay in jail any longer.”  The people continue to look at the article.  










Chapter 2

Dana Bully’s Her Aunt’s Tenants


It is now evening.  The telephone rings inside Aunt Mindy‘s house.  Aunt Mindy, an older woman who is Dana and Diane D's grandfather Mike's sister, walks to the telephone.  She picks up the receiver.  She speaks into the receiver and says, “Hello? .…  Who's this? ....  Dana? .… Oh Hi Dana!  How did everything go in the courtroom? ....  Yeah I hear.  Your grandfather called me earlier.  That's good.”
“Aunt Mindy, I called to let you know that I'm coming over there,” Dana says.
“Oh yeah?  You're coming over here?  Why would you want to come here Dana?  I have no rifles hidden in this house.”
“I didn't ask you that Aunt Mindy.  I'm bringing Diane over there.”
“Diane is coming over here?”
“Yeah.  She's coming to stay with you again.”
“She's coming to stay with me?”
“Yep.  She's coming to stay for a couple of months.”
“For a couple of months?”
“Yeah.  She wants to stay in the same room she stayed in before.”
“She does?”
“Yeah.”
“Why?  She’s not staying with Michael again?”
“No.  His people are coming in from Virginia again and they’re staying at his and Diane’s place again.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah, and Diane doesn’t want to be there while they’re there.  She says it will be too crowded for her.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh I don't know Dana, I have tenants living in that same room.”
“What?  You got tenants living in that room?”
“Yes I do.”
“Since when did you started renting rooms out Aunt Mindy?”
“Since two weeks ago.  Your Uncle Charles and I need the extra money.”
“Oh yeah?  What type of tenants do you have there?”
“A foreign couple.  A man from Guyana and his wife.”
“A man from Guyana and his wife?”
“Yeah.”
“How long are they planning to live at your place?”
“For a couple of years at least or until they get better on their feet.”
“For a couple of years?!  Oh no, they can't stay in your place that long!”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean they better get on their feet right now because they got to go!”
“What do you mean they got to go?”
“Like I said Aunt Mindy, they got to go!  Diane is planning to stay there!”
“Dana these tenants are here already!  They pay rent!”
“I don't care if they pay rent Aunt Mindy!  That was Diane's space before and she wants it back!  Those people got to leave!  I'm on my way over there!”
“Now wait a minute Dana!”  Aunt Mindy hears the phone on the other end go click.  “Dana!   Dana!   Dana!”  Aunt Mindy hangs up the telephone receiver and puzzled looks into space.

Around twenty minutes later, Aunt Mindy's husband Charles, an older man, comes in the front door.  He closes the front door behind himself.  He sighs as he take off his coat.  He opens the closet door and hangs up his coat.  The doorbell rings.  Charles looks through the people.  As he opens the front door, Aunt Mindy hurries down the stairs and shouts, “No Charles don't open the door!  That's Dana!”  Dana barges right into the house as Uncle Charles puzzled looks at her.  “Dana!” he says.
“Hey Uncle Charles,” Dana says.
“What are you doing here Dana?  There's no rifles hidden here!”
“I'm not looking for any rifles Uncle Charles.”  Dana approaches Aunt Mindy and says, “Okay Aunt Mindy, it's time for those tenants to leave.”
“What's going on?” Charles asks.
“Dana called here twenty minutes ago just before you came in,” Aunt Mindy says.  “She claims Diane wants to stay in here again!   She claims Diane wants to stay in the same bedroom she stayed in before, but I told her we have tenants living there, staying in that same room!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes!”
“Listen those people got to go and they got to go now!” Dana shouts.
“Dana, this couple have no other place to go!   They have no family in this country!  If they get thrown out of here they'll end up on the street!”
“I don't care where they end up, but they got to get out of here!”  Dana barges past Aunt Mindy and hurries up the stairs.  Aunt Mindy and Uncle Charles hurry after her!

Dana is walking in the upstairs hallway.  She heads towards one of the bedroom doors as Aunt Mindy and Uncle Charles hurry behind her.  “No Dana don't bother those people,” Uncle Charles say.  Dana approaches the bedroom door and turns the doorknob.  She tries to open the door, but it is locked.  She angrily starts to bang on the door.  
“Dana leave these people alone, don't bother them!” Aunt Mindy shouts.
“As soon as they leave out of here, I won't be bothering them!” Dana shouts.  She angrily bangs on the door again.  The door opens.  A middle aged Guyanese man opens the door.  Dana looks at the man and barges right into the room!

Dana enters the bedroom.  She looks at the man's wife, a middle aged Guyanese woman, who is sitting on the bed.  “What's going on?” the Guyanese man asks.
Dana points her finger to the man and tells him, “You, got to leave!”
“Got to leave?  What are you talking about?”
“My cousin wants this room back!  You got to go!”  Dana starts picking up the man and his wife's belongings.
“Hey wait a minute!”
“Dana you can't do that!” Uncle Charles shouts.
“Who is this?” the man’s wife asks.
“This is Dana, our grand niece!”
“Dana, your grand niece?” the Guyanese man asks.  “Oh is this the one who just came out of jail with your other grand niece, Diane D?”
“Yes, she's the one.  Diane used to stay with us sometimes!  She stayed in this very room.”
“Really?  Well why can't Diane D stay in another room?  There's another bedroom here.”
“She wants this one!” Dana shouts.
“But we live in this bedroom,” the man’s wife says.
“Well you can't live here in this bedroom or house anymore!  My cousin is coming here to stay and you two got to go!”
“But where would we go?” the man says.  “We have no family here to go to!”
“I don't give a damn where you go!  Just get the hell out!”
“Don’t curse at these people Dana!” Charles shouts.  “Diane can stay in another room!”
“No Uncle Charles she wants this room!”  Dana turns back to the couple and shouts, “You two got to go!”  Dana starts picking up the man's belongings again.  
Uncle Charles tries to stop Dana and shouts, “No Dana!  You can't throw them out!”
“Oh yes I am!”  Dana drops the man’s stuff back down and shouts, “I'm gonna go get a moving truck!  And when I come back with the truck, I'm gonna have all their things inside of it!”  Dana is about to leave the room.
The man grabs onto Dana’s arm and shouts, “Now wait a minute!”
Dana fiercely turns to the guy and swings her arm away from him as the man's wife hurries up towards him with Dana shouting, “Don't put your fuckin hands on me!”
“Why not?  You putted your hands on my belongings!”
“You got your belongings in my cousin's space!”
Uncle Charles quickly holds Dana and shouts, “Calm down Dana!”
Dana yells at the guy again and shouts, “Don't ever put your fuckin hands on me!  I don't know you, you don't know me, you don't fuckin touch me!”
“Dana calm down!” Aunt Mindy shouts.
Dana turns to Uncle Charles and says, “I'm gonna get a moving truck!”
“And I'm gonna get the police!” the man shouts.
“Go ahead dammit!”
“I will!”  The man hurries to a telephone on the night stand as Uncle Charles holds on to Dana and starts to argue with her!  The man nervously looks towards Dana then speaks into the phone as Aunt Mindy hurries out the room.

Aunt Mindy hurries into the kitchen and picks up the phone receiver.  She quickly dials a number.  She anxiously waits for several seconds.  She then says, “Hello?!  ......  Is Christine or David Brown still there?!  Please put them on the phone?!  I got to speak to them right away!  .....  Okay thanks!”  Aunt Mindy waits awhile.  She then speaks into the phone again and says, “Hello Christine?!  ...  Yeah Christine this is me, Aunt Mindy!  You have to get here right away!  Dana is here!”
“She is?” Christine says from the other end of the phone.  “What she doing over there?  She's supposed to be here at Gracy and Mike‘s house!  We were all wondering where she was, because she disappeared for a while!  We asked Diane where Dana was.  Diane said Dana went to call you then Diane didn't know where Dana was after that.”
“Well Dana's here!”
“What is she doing over there?”
“She's harassing my tenants!”
“Harassing your tenants?!  What do you mean she's harassing your tenants Aunt Mindy?  What are you talking about?”
“Dana's trying to throw my tenants out!”
“She what!”
“Yeah!  She called here a little while ago and told me Diane is planning to stay with me for a couple of months!  She said Diane is planning to stay in the same room she stayed in before, then I told her I have tenants in that room!  Then she told me the tenants got to go that she was on her way over!  Twenty minutes later, she storms right in here right after Charles came in the house, then barges right up the stairs to these people!  She's in the room right now trying to throw them out!  Could you and David do something about her Christine?!  I mean could you come take care of this one!”
“Sure Aunt Mindy!  Put Dana on the phone!  I want to have a word with her!”
“Okay.”  Aunt Mindy puts the receiver down and hurries away.

At Gracy and Mike’s house, Christine stands behind David as David angrily speaks into the telephone receiver and shouts, “Dana you haven't been out of jail a minute and now you're having another problem? ..... No ‘but Dad’ me!  Your Aunt Mindy has tenants there!  They pay rent!  Now you're just gonna have to accept that and Diane will just have to stay in another bedroom if Diane is gonna stay there!”
“Let me talk to her David,” Christine says.  David hands Christine the receiver.  Christine speaks into the phone and says, “Now Dana I want you to leave out of your Aunt Mindy's house right now!  Leave out of Aunt Mindy's house and leave those tenants alone!”

Two minutes later, Dana comes out the front door of Aunt Mindy’s house.  Aunt Mindy and Uncle Charles hurry behind Dana as Dana walks towards the gate.  Aunt Mindy then says, “Dana Diane could stay in the other room.”
“No she says she wants that one Aunt Mindy,” Dana says.  “Gotta go, Mom and Dad are waiting for me.”  Dana angrily walks to her vehicle as Aunt Mindy and Uncle Charles hurry behind her.  Aunt Mindy and Uncle Charles stand on the sidewalk as Dana gets inside the car.  Dana starts up the engine.  She then speeds off as Aunt Mindy and Uncle Charles watch her.

At Gracy and Mike’s house, Diane D is speaking on the telephone saying, “What!  I didn't know you and Uncle Charles had tenants there Aunt Mindy!  And I didn't expect Dana to go there and go off on you or them!  If I knew you and Uncle Charles had tenants there, I wouldn't have suggested to Dana I would come stay there.”
“I know Diane,” Aunt Mindy says.  “You can stay in the other room if you want to stay here.”
“Ain't Christian supposed to come home there for a while and stay in the other room?”
“Oh yes that's right.  I forgot all about that.”
“That's okay Aunt Mindy.  I'll just stay here with Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike.”
“You're gonna stay with them again?”
“Yeah.”
“Well what room are you gonna move into and stay in Diane?  All the rooms there are taken by the rest of your relatives.”
“I know.  I'll just have to move into Dana's room and stay in the room with her again.”
“You're gonna move in the room with Dana again?”
“Yeah.  Why not?  Listen Aunt Mindy I'm gonna go to my place, pack my stuff so I can I can bring it all to Grandma and Grandpa's house.  Talk to you later.”
“Okay Diane.  By.”
“By Aunt Mindy.”  Diane D hangs up the phone then walks away.

A couple of hours later, a van pulls up to the curb in front of Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house and stops.  Dana comes out of the driver's door.
Diane D, Christine, David, Mary, Barry, Gracy and Grandpa Mike come out of the house.  
Dana walks to the back of the van to the back doors.
Diane D and the rest of their family go through the front gate.  They walk to the back of the van to where Dana is as Dana unlocks the back doors and opens them.  David and Barry bend into the van.  They pull out two large suitcases.  “Be careful Dad and Uncle David,” Diane D says.  “I got valuables in there.”
“Okay Diane,” Barry says.  Dana closes the back doors back.  She and everyone else walk away from the van and walk towards the front gate.  They go through the front gate and walk towards the front door.  
They approach the front door.  Grandpa Mike opens the front door and they all head into the house.  














































Chapter 3

Problem At The Dance Studio


Diane D, Michael, Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn walk down the corridor of a dance studio with Gordon, a black male around his early 40's who’s the director of the dance studio as Diane D carries seven cream colored dance outfits in plastic bags.  Diane D turns to Gordon and asks, “Now who did you say our extra dancers were gonna be?”
“Some of the dancers from the Norton's School of Dance,” Gordon says.  “There's ten of them that are gonna dance with you and the Dianettes.  Five women and five men.  You're gonna love these people Diane D.  They're real good dancers.”
“Okay,” Mary says.  “Let's meet them.”
“Okay.”  Gordon turns his head around towards the other end of the hallway and shouts, “Jack!  Y'all come here!”
Ten dancers, five men and five women of all mixed ethnicities around their twenty's and thirty's hurry towards Diane D and her family.  They become excited and shout, “Oh my God!  It’s Diane D!  Hello Diane D!”
Gordon turns to Diane D and says, “Diane D, this is Jack, the choreographer of the dancers.”
“Hey Diane D!” Jack, a tall black male dancer around his mid 30’s who’s bald, smiles and says.  “We always wanted to get a chance to meet you Diane D!  Especially get a chance to dance on stage with you and the Dianettes!  I can't believe it's going to happen!  Well where are the Dianettes?  Can't wait to meet them too!”
Diane D turns around towards the end of the hallway.  She sees the Dianettes and says, “Oh here they are.”  She calls out to the Dianettes and says, “Hey girls!  Come and meet who we're going to dance with at our next show!”  
The Dianettes hurry down the hall.
The Dianettes approach Diane D as Diane D says to them, “These are the dancers we're going to dance with.  These dancers are from the Norton's School of Dance.”
The Dianettes look at the dancers.  Then they look at Margarita and Mary as Nancy asks, “These are gonna be our dance partners?”
“They're going to dance with us?” Lonna asks. 
“Yes,” Mary says.
“Where are the dancers from Africa?” Miranda asks.
“Yeah we thought they were gonna dance with us at our next show,” Charlotte says. 
“They were,” Margarita says, “but they couldn't make it for the next performance.” 
“But we were hoping to dance with them again,” Bernice says.
“I know Bernice, but for right now, you girls have to settle and dance with these dancers.”
“We wanted the dancers from Africa.”
“What difference does it make?” Mary says.  “The dancers from Africa couldn't be here.”
“Well if the dancers from Africa aren't gonna dance with us, I don't know if I want to dance with anybody else,” Lonna says.
“Lonna the show is in another month,” Diane D says.  “The dancers from Africa are not gonna make it here by then and we have to hurry and practice.  Besides, I'm sure these dancers are good.  Come on, it's not gonna be so bad.  It's gonna be okay.”  Diane D turns to Gordon and says, “Gordon where's the dressing room?”
“Just go right upstairs way down the hall to the left,” Gordon says.  “You'll find it.”
“Thanks.”  Diane D turns to the Dianettes and says, “Come on girls.  We got to get ready and get changed.”
“How's your ankle Kelly?” Margarita says.  “Does it feel better?”
“Yeah,” Kelly says.  “It feels much better after y'all wrapped it in this bandage.”
“Are you sure you're able to practice?” Barry asks.  “If not, you can still rest.”
“No that's okay Uncle Barry.  I'm able to practice.”
“What happened to your ankle?” Gordon asks.
“Oh she twisted during rehearsal a week ago,” Margarita says.  “We just want to make sure her ankle is okay and not to put too much strain on it.”
“Oh I see.”
“Okay girls y'all get going and get changed.”
“Okay Grandma,” Diane D says.  She turns to the Dianettes and says, “Come on girls.”  Diane D goes off as the Dianettes look at Jack and his dancers, then follow off after Diane D.  
Gordon, Jack and the dancers look at the Dianettes.  They then turn to Diane D's family as Jack says, “The Dianettes are not happy at all about dancing with us, are they?”
“They miss the dancers from Africa,” Margarita says, “but they'll get over it.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes we're sure.”
“Okay,” Gordon says.  “Well if you all want, you all can come to my office now.”
“Okay.”  
Gordon leads Diane D's family and the Norton School dancers down the hallway.

Several minutes later, Diane D's family is sitting in the office with Gordon drinking coffee.  Gordon turns to Diane D’s family and says, “So how are the Diaz-Davidson Youth performers and Athletes doing?  Do they still perform games and shows with your organization?”
“Yes,” Margarita says, “but they‘re all on break right now.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”  
“I see.  How are those twin brothers doing?”
“You mean Mike and Mitch?”
“Yeah.  Where are they?”
“They got into trouble again.”
“No kidding!  What did they do this time?  Get into another fist fight with some other kids?”
“Wow,” Barry says.  “You seem to know Mike and Mitch pretty well, don’t you?”
“I think everybody knows Mike and Mitch pretty well Mr. Barry.  They do have a reputation.  So where are they, in juvenile detention again?”
“No not this time Gordon.  This time, they got sent back to Germany to live with their dad’s relatives for a while.”
“They’re living in Germany right now?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow!  How long will they be living in Germany?”
“Maybe for a year or so.”
“For a year or so?”
“Yeah.”
“How do you all feel about that?”
“At the rate Mike and Mitch were going, constantly getting into fights with other kids and everything and going back and forth to court and juvenile detention, it’s a real break for all of us.”
“And it’s a break we all really needed,” Tomas says.
“I guess it is,” Gordon says.  “So when will you all get to see them again?”  
“Well we’re going to do a show in Germany sometime in the future,” Barry says.  “Mike and Mitch’s family in Germany says while we’re in Germany, we can stay with them.”
“What?  Mike and Mitch relatives in Germany say you all can stay with them?”
“Yes and while we‘re staying with them, Mike and Mitch will be there too and we‘ll see them.”
“Wow, that’s nice!  How long will you be staying with Mike and Mitch‘s relatives?”
“For two or three weeks.”
“For two or three weeks?”
“Yeah.”
“They said it’s the least they can do for us after us putting up with Mike and Mitch for all these years,” Tomas says.
“I know what they mean,” Gordon says.  
The door suddenly swings opens.  A tall slim black male dancer hurries into the office and shouts, “They're arguing in the ladies' dressing room!”
“What!” everybody shouts.
“Who's arguing?” Gordon shouts.
“The Dianettes and the female dancers from the Norton school!” the male dancer shouts.  Everybody hurries out of the room.

Five of the Dianettes, Nancy, Miranda, Charlotte, Lonna and Bernice are arguing with the five female dancers in the female dressing room as Nancy shouts, “Why don't y'all just leave so we can get changed!”
“No!” one of the Norton School female dancers shouts.  “We got to get changed too!”
Diane D's family and Gordon rush to the commotion as Barry shouts, “What the hell is going on here?!”
“They're trying to kick us out the dressing room!” a second Norton School female dancer shouts.
“No we aren't!” Charlotte shouts.
“Yes y'all are!” the first female dancer shouts.
“It's not that we're trying to kick them out Uncle Barry!” Lonna shouts.  “It's just that we want to get changed and they're in the way!”
“No y'all in the way because we have to get changed also!  Y'all leave!”
“Wait a minute!” Bernice shouts.  “Y'all want the dressing room, fine, have it your way!”  Bernice turns to the rest of Dianettes and says, “Let's go y'all.”  The Dianettes are about to leave.
“Now wait a minute!” Mary shouts.  “It seems to me you two groups don't want to co-operate with each other!”
“We are trying to co-operate with them Aunt Mary!” Miranda shouts.  “It's just that it's impossible for both groups to be in here together!”
“Yeah we need our own space!” Lonna shouts.
“Your own space?” Mary says.  She looks around and asks, “Where are Diane and Kelly?“
“Diane took Kelly downstairs for a minute.”
“Listen, I'll tell y'all what,” Margarita says.  “Why don't you girls stay in here and get changed and these dancers from the Norton School come with me then use this room when you all are finished.  How about that?”  Nancy, Miranda, Charlotte, Lonna and Bernice turn and look at the Norton School dancers.  The Norton School dancers look at Nancy, Miranda, Charlotte, Lonna and Bernice.  The Norton School dancers then walk towards Margarita and walk out the door.  Margarita turns to Nancy, Miranda, Charlotte, Lonna and Bernice and says, “Now when you girls finish changing, I'll send these dancers back in here.  Hurry and get changed.”  Diane D's family leave the room as Margarita closes the door behind herself.

Around thirty minutes later, Margarita, Nancy, Lonna and Charlotte stand around together on the dance room floor as Nancy Lonna and Charlotte are dressed in the cream-colored dance shirts and dance leggings and long thick ponytails.  “Hey everybody!” a voice shouts.  Margarita, Nancy, Lonna and Charlotte turn around and look.  
Bernice, Kelly and Miranda are at the doorway also dressed in the cream-colored dance outfits and long thick ponytails with Kelly in the middle as Bernice and Miranda hold on to her.  Bernice then shouts, “Kelly's gonna test her ankle out now!”
“That's right everybody!” Kelly shouts.  “So ready or not, here I come!” Kelly runs across the dance room floor towards Margarita, Nancy, Lonna and Charlotte and does a few somersaults and high flips!  She then lands perfectly on her feet.  They all clap and become excited for Kelly as they surround her.
“Alright Kelly!” Margarita, Nancy, Lonna and Charlotte say.
“Your ankle got better!” Margarita shouts.  “That was great!”
“Thanks Grandma,” Kelly says.  They all continue to happily surround Kelly.

Around fifteen minutes later, Mary, Barry, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn and Gordon walk back into the office.  Inside the office, Diane D is sitting backwards on a chair dressed in the cream-colored dance outfit and long thick ponytail down her back as Jack sits directly behind her also sitting backward on a chair as he and Diane D hold each other's hands doing a dance routine on the chair.  Diane D then says, “Hey Mom, Dad, Grandpa check this out.  How do y'all like this dance routine me and Jack are doing?”
“That looks nice Diane,” Barry says.
“It does?   So what do y'all say?  You think we can do this chair routine at our next performance?”
“I don't see why not,” Mary says.  “That looks real nice.”
The door suddenly swings open again.  One of the male dancers Horace, a big husky dark skinned black male, bursts into the room and shouts, “We're quitting!”
“What!” everyone shouts.
“We're quitting!”
“Quitting?” Gordon asks.  “What do you mean you're quitting, Horace?  What's going on?”
“The Dianettes don't want to rehearse with us!  They keep saying they want the dancers from Africa!  Are the dancers from Africa that important to them?!”
“Obvious it is,” Barry says.
“Well we all decided to quit!  All the other dancers are in the dressing rooms right now changing back to their regular clothes!  We're all leaving!”
“Now you all can't leave!” Diane D shouts.  “The show starts in another month!  We have to rehearse!”
“Yeah I was hoping to dance with Diane D and the Dianettes Horace!” Jack shouts.
“The Dianettes don't want to dance with us Jack!” Horace shouts.  “They keep talking about the fellows from Africa that they wish those fellows from Africa were here!”
“But those fellows from Africa are not here!” Diane D shouts.  “The girls already know that!  Now come on, you guys have to rehearse with us!”
“Diane D, you and your girls can rehearse, but not with any of us!  I'm sorry, but we're out of here!”
“Now wait a minute!” Tomas shouts.  “We paid you and your dancers a lot of money to perform with Diane and the girls!  I don't want to lose that money!”
“We rather pay you your money back then to be any place we're not wanted!   You can call our dance school first thing in the morning and speak to Mac!  He'll pay you your money back, but during the mean time, we're out of here!”  Horace turns away.
Diane D gets up and hurries towards Horace and shouts, “But wait!”
Horace turns towards Diane D and says, “Sorry Diane D.”  Horace turns back around and walks out the room.  
Diane D worriedly turns to her parents and Tomas and shouts, “Mom, Dad, Grandpa what are we gonna do?!”
“I don't know what y'all gonna do Diane!” Mary shouts, “but I know what I'm gonna do!  I'm gonna put those girls on a new assignment!”  Mary is about to walk out the room.
“Wait a minute Mary!” Barry shouts.  Mary stops and looks at Barry as he says, “Maybe we can try to work something out.”
“Work something out?!  Like what?!”
Barry turns to Jack and says, “Jack, do you still want to dance with Diane?”
“Of course I do,” Jack says.  “Soon as I heard my dance group might get a chance to dance and work on stage with Diane D and the Dianettes, that's all I've been thinking about!”
“Okay, here's what we're gonna do.  Next month Diane and the girls will perform on stage.  After their performance and everybody else's and the choir finish their performance, you and Diane can come on stage and do a performance together as a closing act.  What do you say to that?”
“Woa that sounds great!  I would love that!”
“That would give you the chance to still dance with Diane and you can do the performance y'all just did with the chairs.”
“Okay!   I'm all for it!”
“Me too,” says Diane D.
“Okay good,” says Barry.  “I'll go tell the girls.  I'll be right back.”  Barry heads towards the door and walks out the room, closing the door behind himself.  

Barry enters the Dance Hall and approaches Margarita and the Dianettes.  Margarita and the Dianettes turn to Barry as Barry says to them, “Hey listen up everybody.  The dancers from the Norton School just quit.  But Jack, who was supposed to be Diane's partner still wants to dance with her.  What I decided to have done, is you girls and Diane will perform on stage.  After your performance and everybody else's performance is finished, Diane and Jack will come out on stage and do a closing act.”
“What!” the Dianettes shout.
“Uncle Barry, we were supposed to do the closing act,” Miranda says.  “Diane and all of us together, not this guy!”
“That's right Uncle Barry,” Charlotte says.
“I know,” Barry says.  “Well how about you all, Diane and Jack.”
“No!” the Dianerttes say.
“No Jack,” Lonna says.  “Because if he be there, I don't want to be there!”
“What?” Margarita says.  “Now you girls are making it very difficult right now!   What's wrong with Jack being with you all when you do a closing act?!”
“Because we were supposed to do it Grandma,” Bernice says.  
“Okay you will do it!  So would Jack, okay?”
“Hey Grandma, Uncle Barry, I have an idea,” Charlotte says. “How about those dancers from Africa do the closing act with us.” 
“Yeah!” the rest of the Dianettes say.
Barry looks at the Dianettes.  He then says, “Obviously the dancers from Africa are important to you all.  Alright, I'll try to get those dancers from Africa.”
“You will?” the Dianettes asks.
“Yes I will.”
“How are going to do that Barry?” Margarita says.  “Those dancers from Africa already said they couldn't make it next month.”
“I know Ma.  Don't worry, I'll work something out.”
“Thanks Uncle Barry!” the Dianettes say as they happily hug Barry.
“Come on girls.”  Barry turns and leads the Dianettes away as Margarita follows behind them.

The following day, a woman in the street is reading a small article in the newspaper that reads: DANCERS FROM THE NORTON SCHOOL QUIT REHEARSAL WITH DIANE D AND DIANETTES DUE TO DIFFERENCES WITH THE DIANETTES: The woman turns to several other people and says, “Hey.  Did y'all read this article about the dancers from that Norton Dance School quitting rehearsal with Diane D and Dianettes?”
“Yeah, because the Dianettes keep wanting the dancers from Africa on their show,” one of the men says.  “I read Diane D's dad is gonna try to bring those same African dancers back.”
“He is?”
“Oh I hope so, because I've seen those African dancers before and they're terrific.  I'm planning to see Diane D and the Dianettes’ next show.  I would love to see those African dancers there on stage with them again.”
“So would I.”  The woman, the man and the rest of the people look at the article.  

Two weeks later, Barry comes into the hallway with eight male dancers from Africa.  He looks down the hallway and shouts, “Diane!  Girls!  Here they are!”  Diane D and the Dianettes hurry down the hall towards Barry screaming with excitement.  They approach the male dancers and start to hug all over them.  “Y'all made it!” Diane D says.
“Yeah we did,” the African dancers say.
“Ariiiight!” the Dianettes say.  Diane D and the Dianettes excitingly pull the male dancers away with them as Barry stands there and smiles on at them.   

A woman in the street is reading a flyer.  She becomes excited and turns to four other adults shouting, “Hey!  The Diaz-Davidson Organization is gonna have a concert the week after next!”
“They are?” a second woman asks.
“Yeah!  It says it right here!”  The woman hands the flyer to the other people.  The people take the flyer and look at it.  It has a headline that reads: THE DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION PRESENTS: NICOLAS AND MICKEY DAVIDSON, DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES, MICHAEL AND THE DAVIDSON BAND, THE DAVIDSON CHOIR AND MANY MORE AT THE KORR'S THEATER!  
“Oh wow!” a man says.  
“It says Diane D's dad was able to get the dancers from Africa for their next performance!”
“He was?”
“Yeah!  They're gonna perform at the theater in two weeks!  They're selling tickets now!  I'm gonna by some!”
The man turns to a second woman and asks, “You want to see the concert?”
“Sure I want to see it,” the second woman says.  “I always wanted to see The Diaz-Davidson Organization's shows.  Where do we purchase tickets from?”
“It has a number right here you can call,” the first woman says.  “I'm gonna call that number when I get home.”  She looks at the third woman and asks, “You going to the concert?”
“Yeah I want to go,” the third woman says.  “I'll bring my family with me.  You have an extra flyer on you?”
“No, someone just gave this one to me.”
“Well can I copy this number down?”
“Sure.”
“The third woman and the other people take pens and paper out of their pockets.  They all start to copy the phone number down.  

Diane D is at the Dance Studio standing on a platform in front of the room facing the Dianettes and the male dancers from Africa.  Michael and the Band are on the side ready to play their instruments.  The Dianettes each have microphones in their hands as Diane D waves her hand and finger at everyone and shouts, “Okay everybody!  The concert is in two weeks, alright!  We gotta be prepared to hit the stage, we don't have much time!  We got to get these steps right!  Now again, when I count to five, I want you all to do your steps and I want you girls to lift your feet up a little higher and sing louder, okay!  Ready?!  One, two, three four five, hit it!”  Michael and the Band start to beat the drums and play the music.  
The Dianettes and the dancers from Africa start to dance as the Dianettes sing, “Where's the party at?  Where's the party at?”
Diane D steps off the platform.  She walks slowly around the room, firmly watching everybody's steps and performance.  She suddenly stops and looks across the room.  She points her arm and finger across the room and shouts, “Uh let's get those steps right you two!  You're a little off key!”  Diane D continues to look across the room.  She then walks around the room watching everybody's steps.  She stops and stares at everybody‘s steps.  She bends to the floor and puts her head near the floor, watching everybody's steps from below.  She gets back up and firmly walks back to the front of the room.  
Diane D steps up on the platform again and puts her arms out in the air towards everyone and shouts, “Hold it!”  The music stops.  Everyone in the room stops rehearsing and look at Diane D as Diane D shouts, “You guys are missing a step and missing a beat!  Some of you are still off key!  We're gonna go at it again!  If you don't get the steps right this time, we're gonna go at it a few more rounds!  Okay when I count to five, I want everybody to do their steps again!  Ready?!  One, two, three four five, hit it!”  Michael and the Band start to beat the drums and play the music again.  
The Dianettes and the dancers from Africa start to dance as the Dianettes sing, “Where's the Party At?  Where's the Party At?”
Diane D steps off the platform and walks slowly around the room, firmly watching everybody's steps and performance again.  She suddenly stops again.  She stares at everybody steps.  She bends to the floor and puts her head near the floor again, watching everybody's steps from below again.  She gets back up and goes back to the front of the room again.  
Diane D steps up on the platform again and puts her arms out in the air to everyone and shouting, “Hold it!”  The music stops again.  Everyone in the room stops rehearsing and look at Diane D again as Diane D shouts, “You guys are still missing a step and still off key!  I'll tell you what!  We're not gonna do this song and step!  We're gonna try a different song, step and beat!  But first we're gonna take a thirty minute break then come back and do a different tune and beat!  So everybody, take a break!”  Diane D turns and walks towards the side of the platform as she points her arms and index finger out towards Michael and says, “Michael let me speak to you for a minute!”  Michael waits for Diane D as everyone else in the room heads towards the exit door. 


















Chapter 4

Controversy Over Diane D’s Dance Steps


It is two weeks later.  It is 7:00 Saturday evening.  The theater lobby is packed with people.  There are teenage girls in the crowd as one of them says, “Are Mike and Mitch going to be on the show?”
“No we won’t be seeing Mike and Mitch for a while,” a second girl says. “Mike and Mitch got into trouble again and they were sent to live in Germany for a while.”
“Yeah that’s what I heard,” a third girl says.  
“So that means we won’t get to see them at any of the Diaz-Davidson’s organization events for a while?” the first girl asks.
“I guess not,” the second girl says.
“Ah man.  I’m gonna really miss them.”
“Yeah me too,” the third girl says.
“Me too,” a fourth girl says.
“A lot of people miss them,” the second girl says.  The teenage girls become sad.
“Hey, I know what!” the first girl shouts.  “Maybe we can take a trip to Germany and see them!”
“Sandy, you’re dreaming right?”
“No I’m not dreaming!  I hear the Diaz Davidson Organization is going to do a show in Germany in the future!  If we go to Germany to see their show, maybe we can get to see Mike and Mitch there!”
“Well good luck!  My family and I can’t afford to go to Germany.”
“Neither can my family,” the fourth girl says.
“Well hopefully Mike and Mitch will come back to The States again then we’ll get to see them again.”
“I hope so too,” the third girl says.

It is an hour later inside the theater.  The show has been going on for a while.  Male white reporters around their mid 40’s and cameras are at the stage.  A Hispanic male announcer around his late 30’s comes on the stage with a microphone in his hand.  He speaks into the microphone and shouts, “Ladies and gentleman, are you ready for the next performance?!”
“Yeeeaah!” the crowd shouts.
“Okay Ladies and gentleman, here are Diane D and The Dianettes!”  The crowd starts to scream and cheer as the African dancers come out on stage dancing.  The Dianettes flip a few times out onto the middle and back of the stage.  They then dance past the African dancers towards the front of the stage.  Diane D comes out with the microphone in her hand singing as the crowd screams and cheers.  Reporters watch Diane D and the Dianettes dance.  The reporters become stunned.  

Five minutes later, Diane D and the Dianettes finish their performance.  The crowd screams and cheers as Diane D and the Dianettes take a bow.  The reporters stare at Diane D and The Dianettes stunned.  Diane D and the Dianettes turn and leave the stage.  One reporter turns to the other and says, “You know it's so remarkable and so uncanny how Diane D and the Dianettes all dance so perfect like that.  I've seen several of their shows before and those girls never once miss a step or beat!”
“Yeah I notice that,” the second reporter says.  “They must do an awful lot of practice.”
“Practice?  We think it's more than practice.”
“More than practice?  What do you mean more than practice?”
“Don't you see?  Look at how perfect they danced!”
“Yeah they danced perfect, so what?  What's wrong with that?”
“They're too perfect!  Something is not right about that.  We're going to have to have an investigation as to what's going on.”  The reporters and investigators turn and leave from near the stage.

At the Diaz-Davidson Organization, Vivian hurries through the organization hallway to a door holding a male toddler and lots of books in her arms.  Margarita quickly comes out of the door wearing her hair hanging around her back and shoulders with bangs on her forehead, a grey sleeveless and shoulderless shirt and black pants.  She bumps right into Vivian.  The books drop right on the floor as the toddler almost falls.  Margarita bends down and quickly catches the toddler as the toddler starts to cry.  Margarita holds on to the toddler and tries to calm him.  Diane D, Charlotte and Lonna, dressed in identical sleeveless silver blouses and the rest of Diane D’s family and relatives come behind Margarita as Margarita says to the toddler, “There there, it's okay.  Don't cry, I got you.”  Marilyn takes the toddler as Nicolas bends down and picks the books up. 
“What happened Grandma?” Diane D says.
“The baby almost fell but he's gonna be just fine.”
Evette approaches Diane D and says, “Oh Diane, I just came to tell you that the investigators are downstairs now.”
“Yeah I was just on my way down there,” Diane D says. 
Nicolas stands back up with the books as Margarita says, “Here, I'll take those.”  Nicolas hands Margarita the books.
“Listen Grandma,” Diane D says.  “I'm gonna find out what the heck these investigators want.”
“Yeah I'm coming too.”  Margarita put the books aside as Diane D and everyone else hurry away.  Margarita follows Diane D and the rest down the hallway.

Inside the organization lounge, Diane D and the Dianettes are sitting on stools lined against each other with Diane D being in the middle as Margarita stands beside them.  A few reporters are in the room with them.  A middle-aged white female reporter with dark hair says, “Now Diane D, these investigators and police have come here to the Diaz-Davidson Organization today, because they want to know, if you put steroids or some other kind of power drug or some hypnotic drug in the food you cook for your family, especially the Dianettes to make them perform real good.”
“What!” Diane D and the Dianettes.
“Where the hell do you get this crazy idea from?!” Diane D says.  
“Diane doesn't put drugs in anybody's food!” Margarita shouts.
“What kind of person do you think I am?!”
“Well your brothers claimed in an interview before that you cook food for your family and the Dianettes,” the female reporter says.  “The investigators think that maybe you might be secretly putting some sort of power drug in the Dianettes food without them even knowing it because you all perform too perfect.  Nobody or any group of people dance that perfect or jump and twirl that high in the air.  We are wondering if you put anything in the Dianettes food.”
“No I don’t!  Anybody could dance perfect like that if they practice enough!”
“Yeah one person can dance perfect, but a whole group of girls dancing perfect like that together without missing a beat or movement?!  That's kind of strange.”
“It is,” a white male reporter says.  “Diane D if we find out you secretly put drugs in the Dianettes food, charges could be filed against you.”
“Diane is not drugging us!” the Dianettes shout.
“That's right!” Margarita shouts. “So you all can take your crazy accusations out of here!” 
“What's crazy about it?” the male reporter asks.
“It's crazy because it's not true!” the Dianettes say.
“It isn't true!” Diane D shouts.  “And I don't appreciate any of you suspecting me of doing something like that!  We're being investigated because we dance too perfect?!  Have you guys ever heard of the term 'practice makes perfect'?!  We dance well because we practice and rehearse at it just like anybody else would do!  What the hell is wrong with that?!”
“Other dance groups don't seem to dance too perfect like you all do,” says the male reporter.
“So we're supposed to dance not too perfect just to please you guys?!  No it's not gonna happen!  We want to give the crowd our best performance, that's all we want to do.  If the crowd is happy with our performances, then why can't you guys be happy?!”
“We are happy with your performances Diane D, but if there's a slight chance that you might be secretly slipping some kind of drugs or any other illegal substance in these girls food, we can't be happy with that.”
“There's no drugs in anybody's food!” Margarita shouts.
“Okay prove it to us. Why don't you all give us your best performance right now.”
“Give you our best performance?” Diane D says.
“Yeah.  Just so you can prove to us there's no power drug creating your performance.”
“Okay. Even though this whole idea sounds crazy, we'll give you our performance.“  Diane D turns to the Dianettes and says.  “Come girls let's step this way.“  Diane D and the Dianettes step up off the stools and go to the other side of the room.  They sit on other stools lined up with Diane D at the far right end.  Diane D and the Dianettes start to sing as the investigators reporters watch them stunned.

The following day, several people are at the bus stop reading an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: INVESTIGATORS SUSPECT DIANE D OF PUTTING SOME SORT OF SUPER DRUG IN THE FOOD SHE COOKS FOR DIANETTES!  INVESTIGATORS AND POLICE COME TO FAMILY ORGANIZATION AND QUESTION DIANE D!:  “Oh my God!” a woman says.  “Look at this article!  It says right here that reporters and investigators had came to the Diaz-Davidson Organization yesterday and questioned Diane D and wanted to know does she put steroids or some other kind of power drug in the food she cooks for the Dianettes to make them perform real good!”
“Yeah, I saw that article,” one of the men says.  “Can you believe it?!  They think Diane D might be drugging the Dianettes!  That's crazy!”
“It is,” a second woman says.  “The police claim if Diane D puts drugs in the Dianettes’ food, they're gonna arrest her and file charges against her.”
“They want to arrest Diane D?” a second man asks.
“If they find out she be secretly putting drugs in the Dianettes’ food.”
“Wasn't Diane D arrested before with her cousin Dana?”
“Yeah,” the first woman says.
“And now they want to arrest her again?”
“Yeah, if she's drugging the Dianettes, she'll be right back in jail.”  The people continue to look at the article.

It is one week later.  Diane D and the Dianettes who are all dressed identically are at a TV Station sitting on a ledge with Diane D in the middle.  Maxine Carter, a middle aged white female TV reporter with blonde hair speaks into the camera and says, “Hello, I'm Maxine Carter.  I'm here with Diane D and the Dianettes after Diane D was questioned by reporters last week about a possible drug use going on at the Diaz-Davidson home or organization.”  Maxine Carter turns around to Diane D and the Dianettes and says, “So how are you ladies doing?  Welcome to the Maxine Carter Show.  Now Diane D, I understand that some reporters came to your family's organization and wanted to question you and your family about possible drug use going on with you and the Dianettes’ performance.  Why do these reporters think there is some sort of drugs involved in your performances?”
“Because they claim we dance too perfect to be true,” Diane D says.  “I don't appreciate anybody accusing me of using drugs or putting drugs in anybody's food!  What the hell is wrong with them?  What's wrong with anybody giving a good performance?!”
“It's not that the performance is good Diane D.  Is just that they think your performance is too good.  They're trying to find out what your secret is.”
“Secret?  There is no secret!  What's secret about it?!  We practice!  We rehearse at what we're doing!  We've been dancing together since we were kids!  Sooner or later we'll get tuned to each other and the performance will come to us like nothing!  Of course we mess up our steps at times when we practice!  If any of us mess up on our steps, we practice at it again until we get the steps right!  What's wrong with doing that?”
“Nothing I guess.”
“Listen, we're human, we make mistakes just like everybody else.”
“But Diane D, you're the one who does all the choreography, don't you?”
“Yeah, and?”
“Do you give these girls steroids or anything like that to make them perform great?”
“No I do not!”
“Is there something inside all of your shoes to make you all jump and twirl real high?”
“No there isn't!  There's nothing inside ours shoes but our feet!  I told you we rehearse and practice!  That's real absurd for you, the reporters, the police and the investigators to even think, that I would try to harm anybody with drugs or have something put in our shoes!  The police and investigators got the nerve to talk about arresting me and throwing me in jail if their speculations about me putting some super drug in the girls' food is true!  I don't need this pressure on my back!”
“They told you if their speculations are true, they're gonna arrest you and throw you in jail?”
“Yeah that's what they told us when they were leaving the organization!”
“I'm sorry you all had to go through that.  Your performances are great and I absolutely enjoy your performances.”
“Thank you.”
“And I thank you for coming here.”  Maxine Carter turns to the camera and says, “So ladies and gentleman you heard it from Diane D herself, she does not put drugs in her or the Dianettes’ food that she cooks for them and I believe her.  And that’s all we have for right now Ladies and Gentlemen.  See you next time.”  Maxine Carter turns away from the camera back towards Diane D and the Dianettes.

A few days later inside a dance studio hallway, Diane D and the Dianettes walk down the hallway dressed in identical horizontal maroon and blue striped shirts with matching maroon leggings as they talk and laugh a little.  “So where're the other outfits Grandma's supposed to pick out for us?” Nancy asks. 
“They should be upstairs already,” Diane D says.  “Let's go check them out.”
“Okay,” the Dianettes say.  Diane D and the Dianettes are about to hurry down the hallway.  All of a sudden there is a loud knock on the door.  Diane D and the Dianettes become startled and look towards the door.  
Diane D and the Dianettes go to the window.  They take a peak through the window.  They see a bunch of anxious reporters and investigators outside.  Diane D starts to sing and shout, “Oh my god, oh my god!  When these people gonna stop, comiing?”
“Oh my god, oh my god!” the Dianettes sing in chorus.
“When these people gonna stop, comiing?”  Diane D sings as she starts to walk down the hall with the Dianettes following behind her and sing, “Oh my god, oh my god!”
“When these people gonna stop, comiing?” Diane D continues to sing.  The reporters and investigators come around all the windows around the room peaking through the windows, trying to speak to Diane D questioning her about the Dianettes as she and the Dianettes continue to walk and sing looking around the windows at the reporters and investigators.

FLASHBACK:

Diane D and Dianettes are suddenly on a stage dressed in gold halter like tops with matching mini-skirts and matching golden sandals with their long hairs all loosed out around the back and sides as they spread out across the stage in a straight line with Diane D going towards the far right front, singing and dancing, “Oh my god, oh my god!”
“When these people gonna stop, comiing?” Diane D sings.
“Oh my god, oh my god!” the Dianettes sing.
“When these people gonna stop, comiing?” Diane D sings again.

BACK TO THE PRESENT:

Back in the hallway, the reporters bang on the windows as the Dianettes sing to Diane D not to go near the door, “Here we go again don’t go near the door, don’t open the door, don‘t look out the door.”   The reporters and investigators bang on the window as the Dianettes sing to Diane D not to go to window, “Here we go again don’t go near window, don’t open window, don‘t look out window.”    The reporters and investigators ring the telephone as the Dianettes sing to Diane D not to go to the phone or answer it, “Here we go again don’t go near the phone, don’t pick up the phone, don‘t answer the phone.”  The reporters and investigators slip mail and notes under the door.  Diane D and the Dianettes see two larges notes that says: DIANE D, WHAT ARE YOU AND THE DIANETTES SECRET?  TELL US THE STORY!  Diane D becomes frustrated as the Dianettes sing to her not to go to the mail, “Here we go again don’t go near the mail, don’t look at the mail, don‘t open the mail.”   Diane D picks up the note and tears it up.  She angrily starts to go to the window as the Dianettes pull her back a little.  Diane D breaks away from the Dianettes and fiercely go to the windows.  She starts to sing to the reporters and investigators, “I don’t really have to volunteer my story, I don’t really have to volunteer!  I don’t really have to tell you my story, I don’t have to really tell you!  I don’t really care to tell you my story, I don’t really care to tell you!”

Back on the stage, Diane D and Dianettes sing and dance again, “Oh my god, oh my god!”
“When these people gonna stop comiing?” Diane D sings.
“Oh my god, oh my god!” the Dianettes sing.
“When these people gonna stop.....comiing?” Diane D sings again.

Back in the hallway, the reporters and investigators bang on the door and windows again.   They slip another large note under the door.  Diane D and the Dianettes see the large note saying: STOP IGNORING US DIANE D!!  Diane D becomes frustrated again.  She bends down and picks up the note.  She bends back up and tears the note up.  She angrily starts to go to the windows again as the Dianettes follow her in a single ling.  Diane D sings to the reporters and investigators, “I won’t read any of your letters, anymore.  Don't send me any of your letters, anymore.”  Diane D and the Dianettes stand in a straight line and face forward.  They start to clap, dance and sing again.  “Oh my god, oh my god!” the Dianettes sing.
“When these people gonna stop comiing?” Diane D sings.
“Oh my god, oh my god!” the Dianettes sing again.
“When these people gonna stop comiing?” Diane D sings again.  Suddenly the front door opens.  The reporters are at the door.   The Dianettes hurry to the door as the reporters try to question Diane D and the Dianettes.  The Dianettes try to shove the reporters and investigators out the door as Diane D stands afar singing to the Dianettes, “Get rid of them riiight awaaay.  Please send them as faaar awaay.  And make sure they staaay awaaay.”   The Dianettes finally get the reporters and investigators out the door.  They then slam the door, singing, “Oh my god!”
Diane D suddenly appears through the Dianettes in front of them singing, “Oh my god!  When these people gonna stop comiing?”
“Oh my god, oh my god!” the Dianettes sing.
“When these people gonna stop comiing?” Diane D sings as she starts to walk with the Dianettes following behind her in a diagnal line with three on each side of her continuing to walk, sing and dance.

Outside the window, the security guards are pushing the reporters back as the reporters desperately try to get back to the building.  

Inside the dance studio, Diane D suspiciously smiles looking out the window singing, “When these people gonna stop comiing?”  

The reporters desperately try to break away from the security guards.

Back in the hallway, Diane D leaves from the window and makes a gesture to the Dianettes.  She suddenly turns her head around towards the window and sees the reporters breaking from the security guards.  She sees them hurrying towards the building.  She turns back to the Dianettes and hollers to them, “Run!”  The Dianettes turn and run straight down the hall as Diane D runs behind them.  
The reporters rush in the other doorway and look down the hallway, “There they go!” one of the reporters shout.  “Let's get them!”  The reporters hurry down the hallway.

Outside in an empty lot, a white male reporter hides behind the bushes.  Diane D runs past him turning her head around towards the Dianettes shouting, “Let's hurry girls!”  The Dianettes run past the reporter one by one.  Charlotte is the last to run past the reporter.  The reporter suddenly leaps out of the bushes.  He grabs Charlotte causing her to fall to the ground as Diane D and the rest of the Dianettes run way up ahead.  The reporter starts to tackle Charlotte.  Another white male reporter comes and tackles Charlotte's shoes and shouts, “What is in your shoes?!”
“Yeah tell us what Diane D's secret is!” the first reporter shouts.
Charlotte looks towards Diane D and the rest of the Dianettes and screams, “Aaaaaahhh!  Diane!  Girls!  Help!  Aaaaaaah!”
“Aaaaah Charlotte!” the Dianettes voices shout. Angry footsteps are heard running back towards Charlotte.  
The reporters continue to tackle Charlotte‘s feet.  Charlotte suddenly bites down on one of the reporters’ arm.  “Aaaaahhh!” the reporter hollers as he pulls his arm away from Charlotte‘s teeth grip!   Diane D suddenly appears and stomps right on one of the reporters hand then kicks him hard in the face!  Lonna, Miranda, Kelly and Bernice then appear and stomp on the reporters and kick them away from Charlotte.  Diane D, Lonna, Miranda, Kelly and Bernice all wrap their arms around Charlotte and lift her off the ground!  They take Charlotte and run off!
Diane D, Lonna, Miranda, Kelly and Bernice continue to run off with Charlotte as Nancy quickly approaches!  Diane D makes a gesture for Nancy to turn back around and run!  Diane D, Lonna, Miranda, Kelly, Bernice, Charlotte and Nancy continue to run as they all turn their heads and look back towards the reporters!   



















Chapter 5

Controversy At The Catering Hall


Two nights later, four vans pull up to a curb outside a Banquet Hall.  Michael comes out of the driver's seat of the first van as Diane D comes out of the front passenger seat.  The Dianettes come out of the back seats.  Nicolas comes out of the driver's seat of the second van as Barry come out of the passenger seat.  Mary, Margarita, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn and Mickey come out of the back seats.  Several handsome young black and Latino men who are members of the Diaz-Davidson Band and the Dianettes boyfriends come out of the third van, including Charlotte's husband Kenny while other people come out of the fourth van.  They all come together then walk to the Banquet Hall building.  A few reporters and a big crowd of excited people approach Diane D and her family.  “Diane D!” one of the men in the crowd shout.  “Hey Dianettes!” other people in the crowd shout.  The entire crowd excitingly surrounds Diane D, her family and the Dianettes as Diane D, her family and the Dianettes continue to walk towards the Banquet Hall building.

Inside the Banquet Hall, two Latino female singers around their late 20's, one who is slim with curly chest length brown hair and the other one who is chubby and plus size with short curly black hair are on stage singing a Latin song with Latin music.  Diane D, her family, Michael, the Dianettes, the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band, members of the Diaz-Davidson Organization and another crowd of people come in front of the stage looking on at the two Latino female singers.  The two Latin female singers then do a dance routing as they sway their hips and do the twist.  The crowd starts to scream and cheer!  The two Latin female singers then move across the stage and twist their feet!  The crowd starts to scream and cheer more!   The two Latin female singers then sing towards the end of the song.

Five minutes later, the Latin female singers finish their performance.  The entire crowd claps and cheer as the two singers smile and take a bow.  A black male announcer comes on the stage.  He speaks into the microphone and says, “Let's give it up one more time for Carmen and Rachel!”  The crowd claps and cheer again as the two Latin singers take another bow.  Diane D, her family, the Dianettes and the rest of the crowd turn and walk towards some chairs.  
Diane D, the Dianettes and their boyfriends approach the chairs.  The Dianettes and the men sit down on the chairs as the crowd excitedly chats with them.  Mary turns to Diane D and says, “Diane, vamos a ir echan na mano en la cocina y traen los platos de la comida a cada uno.”
“Esta bien Mama,” Diane D says.  “Voy a estar ahi.”
“Esta bien.”
Margarita then says to Diane D, “Diane, antes de llegar a la cocina, averigua que tipo de pollo todos quieren en sus platos.”
“Okay Grandma,” Diane D says.  Margarita and Mary turn and walk away.  Diane D turns to the Dianettes and members of the Diaz-Davidson Band.  She claps her hands to them and shouts, “Okay listen up everybody!”  The Dianettes and members of the Diaz-Davidson Band turn to Diane D as she shouts, “I'm gonna go in the kitchen and bring the plates of food to everybody!”
“You're gonna bring the food to us?” Wayne asks.
“Yeah, I'll be the servant for now!”  Everybody laughs.  Diane D then says, “So you all have to tell me which kind of chicken y'all want on your plates!”
“What kind of chicken do they have back there?” Melvin asks.
“Well they have barbequed chicken, fried chicken, broiled chicken, baked chicken, spicy chicken, curry chicken, you name it!”  Everybody laughs again.
“Well give me the barbequed chicken,” Kelly says.
“And I'll take the spicy chicken,” Nancy says.
“Give me the fried chicken,” Lonna says.
“Okay,” Diane D says.  “So far we got barbequed, spicy and fried chicken coming up!  Mickey, what are you having?”
“You don't have to get my plate right now Diane,” Mickey says.  “I'll help you bring the food.”
“Aariiight!”  Diane D turns to Nicolas and Miranda and says, “Nicolas, Miranda, what kind of chicken do you guys want?”
Nicolas, who has his arm around Miranda, says, “I don't know.”  He turns to Miranda and asks her, “What kind of chicken do you want babe?”
“I'll take the fried chicken,” Miranda says.
“Fried chicken sounds good.”  Nicolas turns back to Diane D and tells her, “We'll both take fried chicken.”
“You got it.”  Diane D turns to Charlotte and says, “Charlotte and Kenny, I didn't get your orders yet.”
“Well I'll have both, the barbequed and the fried chicken,” says Charlotte.
“You want both types of chicken?”
“Yeah.”
“I'll have the same thing Diane,” says Kenny.
“Okay you got it,” Diane D says.  She then turns to Bernice and says, “Bernice, how about you and Bobby?”
“Can you remember everybody's plate Diane?” Bernice asks.
“I'll try.”
“Diane why don't everybody write down what chicken plate they want and put their names next to it,” Bobby says.
“Okay that's cool.   That sounds like a good idea.”
“I have a pen and paper.”
“Okay.”  Diane D then turns to the crowd and shouts, “Everybody have to write down what plate of chicken they want, then Mickey and I are gonna bring the plates!”
“Okay!” everybody says.  Bernice writes down the plate of chicken she and Bobby want, then hands the paper and pen to Charlotte.  Charlotte starts to write down what she and Kenny want.  Charlotte finishes and passes the list to the next person.  Soon everybody finishes writing what they want.  They hand the list to Diane D.  
Diane D looks at the list.  She then says, “Okay everybody's done!  Good!  We'll go pick up the plates!”  She turns to Mickey and says, “Come on Mickey.”  She then turns to Michael and says, “You coming Michael?”
“I'm right behind you Diane,” Michael says.  Diane D, Michael and Mickey go away from the crowd and head towards the back of the catering hall.

Diane D, Michael and Mickey go through the back hallway.  They are about to pass two men who are both around their mid thirties, one white who is stocky with short dark hair and the other one half black and half Indian who is tall and slim with a very tan complexion and short black wavy hair with slight bangs.  The men look at Diane D, Michael and Mickey as Diane D, Michael and Mickey are about to walk pass them.  Lance, the white male says to them, “Hey Diane D, Michael, Mickey!”
“Hey,” Michael says as he, Diane D and Mickey slow down and stop.  “What's going on guys?”
“Nothing much.  How y'all feeling?”
“We're okay.  And yourself?”
“We're alright.”  Lance then looks at Diane D and asks, “Are you okay Diane D?”
“Yeah I'm okay,” Diane D says as she places her hands on her hips.
“Are you sure you okay?”
“Sure I'm sure.  Why do you ask?”
“No reason.  Just want to know that's all.”
Diane D puzzled looks at Lance.  She then looks forward and continues to head towards the kitchen as Michael and Mickey turn and follow her.  
Lance and the other man, Felix Green, turn and look towards Diane D, Michael and Mickey.  Lance then says, “Well, it looks like she's holding up.”
Felix Green puzzled turns to Lance and says, “It looks like she's holding up?  What do you mean?”
“I mean it looks like Diane D's holding up from the drugs she uses.”
“What?  Drugs she uses?  What are you talking about?”
“I'm talking about the night Diane D and her cousin Dana got arrested for drunk driving, weapons possession charges and stolen properties.  They were both on drugs that night.”
“What do you mean Diane D and her cousin Dana were both on drugs that night?”
“Well Diane D and her cousin Dana had came from a club just before the police stopped them and pulled them over that night.  The police stopped them for drunk driving, but they weren't drunk.  They were both high.”
“They were high?”
“That's what I heard. I heard they were on their way to get some weed when the cops pulled them over.”
“What?  They were on their way to get some weed?  My goodness.  Who did you hear this information from?”
“I heard it from a person who was at the club Diane D and her cousin Dana were at.  Diane D and her cousin Dana were at a club called Sparkles.  The person who was at Sparkles told me that Diane D and her cousin Dana were both snorting coke there that night.”
“They were both snorting coke?  You're kidding!”
“No I'm not kidding Felix.  The person who told me saw them doing that.”
“Lance, are you telling me, that Diane D, the one who works, sings, performs and raises money for her family’s charity organization, the one who makes speeches to children at the schools against smoking, drinking and using drugs, uses drugs herself?”
“According to this witness she does.”
“Are you sure this is true?  Because if it is true that Diane D is using drugs, I'm gonna print that in my newspaper tomorrow morning.”
“What?  Print that in your newspaper?  Why would you do that?”
“Because Diane D is supposed to be a role model, kids look up to her.  Her family’s organization raises money for charity, she visits sick children at the hospitals and sings to them.  She makes appearances at schools, telling children to make sure they get an education and tells them don't smoke, don’t drink and don’t use drugs.”
“Diane D doesn’t make appearances at schools anymore Felix.”
“She doesn’t?”
“No.”  
“Why not?”
“Ever since that horrible incident that happened the last time she appeared at a school.  You know, the horrible incident that happened between her and that little boy Marcus, the kid who sent her family’s organization a phony letter about a little boy who’s dying of leukemia whose dying wish is to meet her just so she can appear at his school, then she winds up beating the crap out of that little boy when she found out that the whole letter was a hoax planned by him and his brother?”
“Yeah I heard about that incident.”
“It was horrible what I heard she did to that poor kid, breaking his bones like that, then claims not to remember any of it!  Ever since that incident, Diane D stayed away from appearing at schools again.  She hasn‘t forgiven being lied to, plus her family don‘t want the haunted memories reminding them of what happened between her and that kid Marcus inside that school.”
“I don’t blame them.  Didn‘t Diane D get sent away for what she did to that kid?”
“Yeah she got sent Upstate to a Mental Institution.  I heard they put her on medication.”
“They put her on medication while she was up there?”
“That’s what I heard.  I hear she’s still on medication to calm her nerves.  She has to take the medication to control her out of control behavior which she also claims not to remember, but, she‘s out of the Mental Institution now.”
“Yeah we see.  But why does she always lecture the Dianettes about their health, telling them to eat right and not to drink hard liquor?  I thought she was health conscience.  I also thought she was supposed to be a nutritionist and a personal trainer.  Then behind closed doors, she's gonna use drugs and get high with her cousin?  If Diane D does uses drugs, then maybe she does put drugs or steroids in the food she cooks for the Dianettes just like the police and those investigators suspected.  The public have a right to know about this.  They have a right to know that Diane D is not what she appears to be.  They have a right to know that she is a phony and a hypocrite.”
“A phony and a hypocrite?  But what about her cousin Dana?  Her cousin Dana was using drugs too.”
“Yeah, but her cousin Dana is not the one out there being a role model.  Dana's not out there in the public eye doing charity work, singing and dancing on stage and appearing at schools lecturing to children.  She doesn't want anything to do with the public eye or charity work.  She only happens to be in the public eye because she and Diane D are very close cousins and have been close cousins all their lives.  Diane D is the one who's out there.  She's suppose to be the role model, her, the Dianettes and the whole Diaz-Davidson Organization.”
“I know they're supposed to be role models Felix, but if the public knows about Diane D's drug use, it's gonna mess up her image.”
“Lance Diane D’s image is already messed up by her out of control behavior whenever she gets angry!  Her image is already messed up by what she did to those security guards, those police officers and those correction officers who threw inside that jail cell and tried to keep her in there!  Plus her image is already messed up by sleeping with her own cousin’s boyfriend, threatening her Jamaican lover’s girlfriend over the telephone then speeding all the way to that woman‘s place of residence to assault her and beating and kung fu kicking the hell out of the wife of one of the guy’s she was trying to date for some High School dance and the last incident she had which involved that little boy inside that school!  She‘s a modern day Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde!  Everybody already knows that!”
“I know, but if the public knows about Diane D's drug use, it's gonna mess up her image even more.  It will mess up images for the Dianettes and the whole Diaz-Davidson Organization as well.”
“Well it's controversy, and controversy sells.”
“Felix, what are you saying?  Are you telling me, that you're willing to mess up Diane D's image more and her family’s organization’s image, so your paper can make a lot of sales?”
“If that's what it takes.  If I bring this story to the press, I'll get a commission.”
“A commission?  So you wanna mess up Diane D's image more and her family’s organization’s image to make extra bucks out of it, huh?”
“That's right.”
“No Felix, you can't mess up Diane D's image more or her family‘s organization’s image, because I don't know if it's true about her drug use.  I'm only going by what I heard.  I'm only going by what someone else told me.”
“That's proof enough right there for me Lance.  I'm gonna print in my newspaper tomorrow that Diane D is a Crack Head.”
“What!  A Crack Head?!  No Felix don't do that, please don't!   You'll be in big trouble with Diane D's ENTIRE FAMILY if you do that!  Diane D comes from a very close-nit family!  Her family sticks together you know! Almost everything they do involves the entire family and all their relatives!  You deal or mess with one of them, you're gonna have to deal and mess with ALL of them!  They're not gonna take this lying down!”
“Diane D's family don't have to know that I'm the exact person who brought this information to the press.  The newspaper I work for is pretty big.  Diane D's family will never know which individual in the firm printed it.”
“They don't have to know which individual in the firm printed it Felix.  They'll just bring a lawsuit against the entire newspaper company, that's all.”
“It's a chance I'm willing to take.”
“No Felix, don't do it.”
“It's too late Lance, I'm gonna do it.  I'm gonna make a phone call to my newspaper company right now and tell them to get started on this new information I just got on Diane D.  New information the investigators might want to know about.  My newspaper company is open twenty-four hours.  I'm gonna make that call.”  Felix turns away from Lance and walks away as Lance worriedly watches him.

Diane D, Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Gracy, Mike, Michael, Mickey and other relatives are getting the plates of food together.  Diane D moves a cart full of dinner plates.  Mary turns to Diane D and asks, “Tienes la sal Diane?”
“Si, me dieron la sal Mama,” Diane D says.  She then turns to her paternal grandmother Gracy and asks, “What's taking Dana and Tony so long to get here Grandma?”
“They should be walking in here with the extra food any minute now Diane,” Gracy says.
A black male caterer, around his early forties approaches Margarita.  He says to her, “Excuse me Miss Margarita, there's someone on the phone who says they're from the newspaper.”
“The newspaper?” Margarita asks.
“Yeah.  They say they want to speak to someone in charge of the Diaz-Davidson Organization and ask that person some questions.”
“Oh really?  Okay thanks, I'll take it.”  Margarita and the man walk away towards the hallway.

Margarita steps inside the catering office.  She walks towards a desk.  She approaches the desk and picks up the telephone receiver.  She speaks into the receiver and says, “Hello Diaz-Davidson Organization, Margarita speaking.  What can I do for you?”
On the other end of the phone, a white male around his mid 40‘s sits behind a desk and speaks into the telephone receiver saying, “Hello Miss Margarita, I'm Carlton Blake from the Daily Press.”
“The Daily Press?”
“Yes.”
“Well what can I do for you?”
“Well, I would like to ask you some questions about Diane D.”
“Ask me some questions about Diane D?  My granddaughter.  Well what do you want to know about her?”
“Well Miss Margarita, is it true?  I mean is it true?”
“Is what true?”
“Is it true that.…  Is it true that…..”
“I don’t know what you’re trying to say Mister.  Get to the point.”
“Is it true that, your granddaughter Diane D uses drugs?”
“What!  Is it true that my granddaughter Diane uses drugs?!  What are you talking about Mister, Diane don't use drugs!  Why do you ask?!”
“Well I have a reporter there at the catering hall right now who just called me up a couple of minutes ago and told me he just found out, that your granddaughter Diane D and her cousin Dana were both using drugs the night they got arrested for drunk driving, weapons possession charge and stolen properties.”
“What!  Really?!”
“Yes.”
“My God, what reporter?!”
“Felix Green.”
“Felix Green?!  Who him?!”
“You know him?”
“Yeah I know who he is!  Where in the world did he get this information from?!”
“He said he got it from another reporter named Lance who's also at the catering hall.  Lance got the information from a source who was at a club your granddaughter Diane D and her cousin Dana were at.  The source told Lance, that Diane D and her cousin Dana were both getting high at the club and they were both high on drugs the night they were both arrested.  Lance told Felix then Felix called me up.  Felix claims that we should get this information printed in the paper by tomorrow morning.  I told Felix that we cannot print the information unless we're sure it's true.  So is it true that your granddaughter Diane D and her cousin Dana use drugs?”
“No it isn't true!  Diane and Dana do not use drugs!”
“Are you sure?”
“Of course I'm sure!  These reporters got a lot of nerve making up some bogus story like this!  This is absurd!  This is ludicrous!”
Diane D, her family and relatives rush into the office as Tomas shouts, “Lo sucedido Margarita?  Que esta pasando?”
“Alguien del periodico se encuentra en el telefono ahora mismo, me pide es Diane sobre drogas!” Margarita shouts.
“What!” the family shout.
“Alguien del periodico pregunta estoy en drogas?!” Diane D shouts.  “Por que piden que?!”
“Porque se dijo un reportero aqua les llamo hace dos minutos, yles dijo que se entero de que usted y Dana estaban consumed drogas la noche usted y ella fueron arrestados por conducir borracho, posesion de armas y bienes robados!” Margarita shouts.
“What!” the family shouts.
Michael turns to Diane D and asks, “Diane, what did she say?” 
Diane D turns to Michael and says, “Someone from the newspaper called here and asked Grandma am I on drugs!”
“What!” the family shouts.
“Someone from the newspaper wanted to know if you are on drugs!” Michael asks.
“That’s what Grandma said!” Diane D says.  “They told Grandma that they heard Dana and I were using drugs the night she and I got arrested!”
“What!” the family shout.
“Someone from the newspaper called and said that they heard you and Dana were using drugs the night you and she and got arrested?!” Barry shouts.
“Yes!” Diane D says.  “They said a reporter here called them up and told them that?!” 
“A reporter here called them up and told them that?!”
“That’s what she said!” 
“What reporter?!”
“I don’t know!”  Diane D turns to Margarita and asks, “What reporter Grandma?!”
“Felix Green!” Margarita shouts.
“Felix Green?!  Who him?!”
“We just passed by Felix Green in the hallway a little while ago!” Michael shouts.
“Y'all did?” Margarita asks.
“Yeah!”
“Felix Green is always printing harsh things about people!” Barry shouts.  “Hand me that phone!”  Barry approaches Margarita.  He takes the telephone receiver and shouts into it, “Hello!  Hello!  Hello!”  Barry looks at the receiver.  He turns to his family and says, “No one's there.”  He hangs up the telephone.  
“Well the guy on the phone told me that Felix Green found out about Diane and Dana's supposed drug use the night they got arrested and wants to print that information in the paper by tomorrow morning!” Margarita shouts.
“What!” the entire family shouts.
“Print it in the paper?!” Grandpa Mike shouts.
“Felix Green wants to print about Dana and I using drugs?!” Diane D shouts.  “Where the hell did he get that information from?!”
“He got it from another reporter Lance who's here too!” Margarita shouts.  “Lance got that information from someone who was at a club you and Dana were in just before you two got arrested!”
“Wait a minute, hold up!  Dana and I weren't in any club just before we got arrested! These reporters or their sources don't know what the hell they're talking about!  And now they're planning to print some lie about me and Dana in the newspaper?!  Well I'm gonna go out in the hallway and give that Felix Green a piece of my mind!”
“So am I!” Michael says.
“I'm right behind y'all!” Mickey says.
Diane D, Michael and Mickey angrily turn and run towards the door.  Diane D's family grab and pull her, Michael and Mickey back.  Diane D, Michael and Mickey struggle to break away from the family's grip as Diane D shouts, “Let me go!”
“No Diane!” Tomas shouts.  “You guys don't go out there!”
“Why not Grandpa?!  Felix Green is gonna print bad things about me and Dana!  Let me go!”
“No Diane!” Mary shouts.  “You can't go out there and make a scene!  We don't want too many people knowing about this!”
“That's right Diane!” Barry shouts.  “There are other reporters and a lot of the press out there!  If they see all of this commotion, they're really gonna have a field day printing about this!”
“I don't care!” Diane D shouts.  “Just let me go!”
“No Diane, you're not gonna go out there and argue with this guy!”  Barry turns to Michael and Mickey and says, “Neither are you two!”  Michael and Mickey look at Barry as Barry turns back to Diane D and says, “I'm gonna go out there and have a talk with Felix Green myself, but I'm gonna do it in a quiet manner, that way, other people don't have to know or hear about this, okay?  Now be cool!”  Diane D continues to struggle away from her family as they continue to hold on to her!  She suddenly gets superhuman strength as she heads towards the doorway dragging her family as her family screams!  Diane D's family wrap their arms around her, struggling to hold on to her as she continues to drag them!
“Diane stop it please!” Gracy shouts.
Diane D continues to head towards doorway dragging her family as her family scream, still struggling to hold on to her!  Barry gets the strength and goes right in front of Diane D and shouts, “Diane stop it!  Stop it right now!” Diane D's family suddenly manage to stop her!  They continue to hold tightly on to Diane D as she breaths in anger, staring out towards the hallway.  Barry then tells Diane D, “I'm gonna go out there in the hallway and bring this guy Felix Green in here, just stay cool Diane, I'll be right back!”  Barry turns to the rest of his family and says, “Everybody please hold on to Diane, don't let her go!  I'm gonna bring this Felix Green guy in here!”  Barry turns and hurries away out into the hallway.
“I'll go with you Barry!” Mary shouts.  She then turns to her family and says, “I'm gonna go help straighten that Felix Green out!  Please hold on to Diane!  Whatever y'all do please don't let her go!”  Mary angrily turns and hurries away out into the hallway as Diane D continues to breath in anger, looking at her mother as her mother hurries out into the hallway.  
Dana and Tony suddenly walk into the catering office through a back door holding bags of food.  Everyone turns and looks towards them.  Gracy nervously approaches Dana and Tony and says to them, “Hey you guys.”
“Hey everybody,” Tony says.
“We got the extra chicken you wanted Grandma,” Dana says.
“Oh good,” Gracy says.  “I'll take that.”  Gracy takes the bags of food from Dana.  
Mike turns to Margarita and Tomas and whispers to them, “I think we better take Diane into the next room so Dana won't see how upset she is.”
“And we have to go into the hall and tell Mary and Barry not to bring Felix Green in here just yet,” Margarita says.
“Okay.”  Mike, Margarita, Tomas, Michael and Diane D's relatives take Diane D towards the doorway and take her out into the hallway.

A minute later, Margarita and Tomas are walking in the back hallway towards Mary and Barry.  They approach Mary and Barry as Tomas tells them, “We don't think y'all should bring this Felix Green in the office yet.  Dana and Tony just walked in there.”
“They did?” Mary asks.
“Yeah.”
“Well we didn't get a chance to speak to Felix Green anyway,” Barry says.  “We just saw him go out the front door.  He's talking with some people outside.”
“He is?” Margarita asks.
“Yeah.” Barry, Mary, Margarita and Tomas suddenly hear slight shouting.  They turn to look.  They see Diane D rushing towards them with Michael, Mickey, Gracy and Grandpa Mike and her other relatives continuing to hold on to her.
Diane D approaches Mary, Barry, Margarita and Tomas and shouts, “Well did y'all find that turkey yet?!” 
“Diane Felix Green just went out the front door just as we were about to approach him,” Mary says.
“He probably knows we're on to him!  Well I'm gonna go out there and curse him out!”
“Diane let’s try to keep our voices low,” Barry says.  “Your Grandma and Grandpa just told us that Dana and Tony came in the office.  We don't want Dana and Tony knowing about this, especially Dana.”
“Dad Dana's not gonna hear about this, because while she's back there in the office, I'm gonna go out to the front and straighten that Felix Green out!”  Diane D is about to go pass her parents and grandparents as the rest of her family pull her back again.
Barry stands in front of Diane D and holds her shouting, “Diane calm down!”  Diane D angrily tries to go past Barry and is about to drag her family again as her family struggles to hold on to her.  
“Calm down Diane!” Mary shouts.  “You're not going out there?!”
Diane D angrily heads out towards the side of the back hallway dragging her family again as her family screams and struggles to hold on to her.  “No Diane!” Barry shouts.  Diane D continues to angrily head out towards the other side of the hallway dragging her family as her family continues to scream, struggling to hold on to her.
“What the hell is going on?!” Dana’s voice shouts.
Everybody stops and turn their heads.  They see Dana standing there at the end of the hallway looking at them.  They all become nervous.
“Hey Dana,” Barry says.
Dana puzzled looks at them all.  She then looks at Diane D.  She walks towards Diane D.
Dana approaches Diane D and asks, “What's the matter Diane?  Are you okay?  Is something bothering you?”
“No Dana,” Mary says.  “Nothing's bothering her.  She's fine.”
Dana looks at Diane D and says to her, “Are you sure Diane?  Where are you trying to go?”
“She wasn't going anywhere Dana,” Grandpa Mike says.  “Diane thought she left something out in the car and she was about to go get it.  Then we just realized she brought the thing in here already.”
“Oh yeah?  What thing?”
“Her wallet,” Barry says.  “Diane thought she left her wallet in the car and didn't want anybody to take it.  Since the wallet is in here, I guess we don't have to go out there after all.”  Barry turns to everybody and shouts, “Hey everybody!  Why don't we all go back in the kitchen and finish setting up the food!”
“Okay,” everybody says.  
“That's a good idea,” Margarita says.  Everybody nervously smile to each other.  Dana puts her arm around Diane D's shoulders worriedly looking at Diane D and leads Diane D and everybody else towards the end of the hallway as Diane D puts her arm back around Dana's shoulder.

Inside the kitchen, Margarita, Mary, Gracy and everybody else start to prepare more plates of food.  Diane D and Dana go to the food cart still hugging each other as Dana continues to worriedly look at Diane D and asks, “What's wrong Diane?”
Diane D and Dana stop at the food cart as Diane D says, “Nothing is wrong Dana.  I'm fine.”
“Oh yeah?  Then why did you seem so upset out in the hallway?”
“Because like they said, I thought I left my wallet in the car.  I was afraid it would be stolen.”
“Oh yeah?  Are you sure it wasn't anything more than just your wallet?  You seem real angry about something.”
“I'm not angry about anything.  Look Dana, you have nothing to worry about.  I'm okay.  Let's hurry and get the food prepared.”
“Alright.  I'll go help with the plates.”
“Okay.”
Dana lets go of Diane D as she gently pats Diane D on the back.  She frowns as she looks away from Diane D then turns and walks away as Diane D turns and looks at her.  Diane D then turns to the food cart.  She gives an angry look out into the hallway.  She takes the food cart towards the doorway then out into the hallway.

Inside the ballroom, Diane D is back at the crowd as the crowd sit at the tables.  She hands everybody their plates of food.  Lonna and Bernice stand beside Diane D.  They puzzled look at Diane D as they hold their plates of food.  Lonna then asks, “Diane, are you okay?”
“Am I okay?” Diane D says.  “Sure I'm okay Lonna.”
“Are you sure?” Bernice asks.
“Sure I'm sure.  Why do y'all ask?”
“I don't know, but, we could just sense something is bothering you.”
“Oh really?  Nothing is bothering me.”
“Are you sure Diane?” Lonna asks.
“Of course I'm sure.  Look, the only thing that's bothering me right now, is that you two aren't eating your plates.”  Lonna and Bernice puzzled look at their plates.  Diane D then tells them, “Y'all got to eat up.”  Lonna and Bernice puzzled look back at Diane D as Diane D says to them, “There's plenty of vegetables on your plates I want y'all to finish.”
“Diane are you sure nothing else is bothering you besides these vegetables on our plates?” Bernice asks.
“Yes something else is bothering me Bernice.”
“Well what is it?”
“The vitamins inside the vegetables that you all need to eat.  Now you two go eat.  You need your vitamins and your vegetables.  Eat!”  Lonna and Bernice puzzled look at Diane D.  They then turn from Diane D and walk away.  Diane D then turns away from the crowd towards the food cart.  She secretly gives an angry look towards the back hallway again as she takes the food cart and walk across the ballroom, heading back towards the kitchen.  Lonna and Bernice sit with the others.  They and the rest of the Dianettes worriedly look towards Diane D as Diane D leaves the ballroom.  Miranda turns to Lonna and Bernice and asks them, “Is Diane okay?”
“We don't know,” Lonna says.  “We think she's upset about something.”
“We think something is bothering her?” Bernice says.
“What do y'all think it is?” Nancy asks.
“We don't know.  It's something she's not telling us.”
“What could she be upset about?” Charlotte asks.
“That's what me and Bernice were trying to find out,” Lonna.
“Well maybe we should go check on her and find out,” Kelly says.
“Yeah come on, let's go,” Nancy says.  The Dianettes set their plates aside.  They are about to get up from their seats.
“Wait a minute,” Melvin says.  “Where are y'all going?”
The Dianettes stop as Nancy says, “To check on Diane.”
“Why are y'all getting ready to check on Diane?  Diane seemed fine when she was just here.  She seemed okay, giving all of us our food.  Y'all don't need to check on her.  I think y'all just getting carried away.  Why don't y'all sit back down and wait a while.”
The Dianettes look at each other.  Bernice then says, “Yeah I guess so.”  The Dianettes sit back down at the table.
“Well as long as she doesn't sneak around behind our backs looking for a cigarette, that means she's okay,” Lonna says. 
Sneak around behind your backs looking for a cigarette?” Gary asks.  “What do you mean?  Diane don't smoke.”
“Gary when Diane becomes angry or upset about something, she sneaks around behind all of our backs and depends on a cigarette to calm her nerves,” Bernice says.
“She does?” Anthony asks.
“Yeah.  So if she doesn't sneak around and look for a cigarette, that means she's okay.”
“Well I didn't see her ask any of us for a cigarette when she was just here,” Vincent says.
“Well she's not gonna look for a cigarette in front of us Vincent,” Nancy says.  “She won’t let us know about it.  She's gonna sneak behind all our backs and our family's back to secretly look for a cigarette.”
“She would?” Bobby asks.  “Why would she have to sneak behind your backs to do that?”
“She doesn't want to set a bad example for us.”
“No?” Ralph says.  “Well if she doesn't look for a cigarette in front of you guys and sneaks behind your backs and her family's back to secretly depend on a cigarette, how do y'all know she does that at all?”
“Because we would here about it later on,” Miranda says.  “Somebody would come along later on and tell us that Diane had secretly asked them for a cigarette.  That's how we would know.”
“So if nobody comes to us later on and tells us that Diane secretly asked them for a cigarette, that means she's okay,” Bernice says. 
“Well I guess we'll all just have to wait and see if anybody tells any of you later on that Diane had secretly asked them for a cigarette,” Melvin says.  The Dianettes worriedly look at Melvin, then at each other.  They and everybody else start to eat their food.

Inside a dark part of the back hallway, Diane D is standing at the side door, angrily looking towards the outside through the glass on the door.  She sees Felix Green on the sidewalk talking secretive to a group of around five people.  She sees Felix Green secretly pointing towards the catering building as if appearing to be speaking about her.  She notices the peoples' stunned reaction to whatever Felix Green is telling them.  She sees one of the people, a woman appearing stunned with her mouth open, pointing towards the catering building also.  Diane D then says to herself, “I swear that motherfucka.”  She angrily rolls up her sleeves and balls up her fists.  She opens the side door and is about to angrily go out of it.  Suddenly, Joseph and Teresa come in the side door carrying some shopping bags and bump right into Diane D.  Diane D becomes stunned and says, “Teresa!  Joseph!”
“Hey Diane,” Teresa smiles and says as Joseph closes the door behind himself.
“Hey Diane,” Joseph says.  “What's going on?  How's it going kid?”
“Everything is alright Joseph,” Diane D says.  “Everything is fine.”
“Good.  We brought the extra punch.  Where do you want us to put it?”
“Just take it to the kitchen.  My family is back there.”
“Oh yeah?” Teresa asks.  “Is Dana back there too?”
“Yeah Dana is back there.  As a matter of fact Teresa, why don’t you go to the kitchen and say hello to her.”
“Why sure Diane.”  Teresa and Joseph excitingly walk away towards the kitchen as Diane D turns to look at them.  Diane D suspiciously backs up.  She then turns away and looks outside the side door again.  She sees Felix Green in the street still talking secretive to the group of people.  Diane D angrily opens the side door again.  Suddenly Boris, a black man around his mid thirties comes inside the side door and bumps right into Diane D as he holds a large bag.  Diane D becomes stunned and says, “Boris!”
“Hey Diane!” Boris says.  “What's going on?”  Boris closes the door behind himself and says, “Well here's the camera, CDs, champagne and beer you told me to pick up from the mall earlier.”  Boris hands the camera to Diane D and tells her, “I also bought extra cans of soda, and I got the CDs your family wanted, especially the Miles Davis CD your Grandma Gracy have been begging me to get.”
“That's good.”  Diane D suspiciously looks around a little.  She then looks back at Boris and whispers to him, “By the way Boris.  You don't happen to have a cigarette on you, do you?”
“A cigarette on me?  Diane you don't smoke.  Aren't you against smoking?”
“That's right,” a soft female voice from the distance says. “She is against smoking.”
Diane D and Boris turn their heads and see Joseph and Teresa standing there several feet away.  Diane D becomes nervous.  Teresa and Joseph approach Diane D as Diane D tells them, “You're right Teresa.  I am against smoking.”
“Then why did you just ask him for a cigarette?”  
“Oh I'm not asking for myself.  My friend wanted a cigarette.”
“Your friend?” Joseph asks.  “What friend?”
“My friend Lenny.  He was looking for a cigarette earlier.”
“Lenny?  We don't know any friend of yours whose name is Lenny.”
“Well of course you don't know Lenny Joseph, I just met him early this morning.”
“Early this morning?” Teresa asks.  “Oh he came by your grandparents' house?”
“No Teresa, I met him at the supermarket.”
“At the supermarket?”
“Yeah.  But forget about Lenny guys.”  Diane D turns back to Boris and says, “What else you have in the bag Boris?”
“Well I have extra Reggae Dance Hall CDs I picked up from the store and some napkins.  Hey why don't we all go in the back and let me show you all the CDs I brought.”
“Well, Teresa and I have to leave real quick and come back,” Joseph says.  “We have to drop my mother off at the airport?”
“Oh that's right Joseph,” Diane D says.  “Your mother is leaving for Florida.”
“Yeah and she wants to see me and Teresa before she boards her flight.”
“Okay.  Well you tell your mother I said ‘hello’ and tell her to have a safe trip.”
“Sure we'll tell her Diane.”
“Are you alright Diane?” Teresa asks.
“Yeah I'm alright Teresa,” Diane D says.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes I'm sure.  Listen y'all better get going, you can't keep your mom waiting.  You don't want her to miss her flight.”
“No we don't,” Joseph says.  “We'll be right back Diane.”
“Okay.”
“Joseph and Teresa pass Diane and Boris and go for the side door.  They open the side door, go out of it then close the door behind themselves.  
Boris smiles to Diane D and says, “Come Diane, let's go look at the CDs.”  Boris takes Diane D by the arm and leads her away towards the back of the hallway as she looks back towards the side door.

Joseph and Teresa are walking out on the sidewalk towards the street.  Teresa suddenly stops.  Joseph stops as Teresa turns to him and says, “You know Joseph, I'm kind of worried about Diane.  She seemed kind of nervous about something.  Something didn't seem right with her.”
“Yeah I notice that too.”
“She said she met some guy named Lenny at the supermarket early this morning.”
“So, what’s wrong with that?”
“Well when I spoke to her family on the phone a little while ago, they told me that Diane spent the night at her grandparents’ home and she never even left her grandparents' house until this evening.  That's why I thought maybe this Lenny person came by her grandparents’ house, but yet she claimed she met him at the supermarket.”
“Well obvious she wasn't telling the truth to us about this Lenny person.”
“Obvious she wasn't.  Joseph, maybe I should stay here with Diane to make sure she's alright.”
“Teresa my mother wants to see and hug both of us before she boards her flight.  We're coming right back.  Besides, Diane's here with her family.   Knowing them, they'll keep an eye on her.  Let's hurry and drop Mom to the airport so we can get back here.”
“Okay.”  Teresa and Joseph hurry off as Felix Green continues to talk with the group of people as he drinks a can of beer.

Diane D and Boris are in the kitchen with Diane D’s family and relatives as Boris says to them, “Hey everybody.  How's it going?”
“Hey Boris,” Gracy says.  “You got that Miles Davis CD I asked you to bring?”
“I sure do Miss Gracy.  I have it right here.”  Boris hands Gracy the CD.
Gracy takes the CD and says, “Thanks Boris!  Now my husband and I can get to slow dance later on.”  Everyone laughs a little.
Diane D looks around.  She looks at Gracy and asks, “Where's Dana Grandma?”
“I'm right here Diane!” Dana’s angry voice shouts.  Diane D and everyone else turn around and see an angry Dana, Tony and Mickey at the doorway as Dana asks, “Is it true Diane?!”
“Is what true?” Diane D puzzled asks.
Dana walks towards Diane D and says, “Mickey just told me and Tony about what happened involving that newspaper reporter Felix Green!”  Dana approaches Diane D and says, “He told us that Felix Green is gonna print bad shit in the newspaper about you and me using drugs!”
“Is that true Diane?” Tony asks.
Diane D sadly looks at Tony then says, “Yeah that's what we heard.”
“I had to tell Dana about this, Diane,” Mickey says.  “She has a right to know about it.”
“So that's why you were upset out in the hallway a little while ago,” Dana says.  “Listen Diane, I don't care what the hell that Felix Green says or writes about me, but I'm not gonna allow him to print bad shit about you!”  Dana turns to Mickey and asks, “Where did you say Felix Green was Mickey?”
“Mom and Dad said he went outside the building in the front.”
“Well I'm gonna go straighten him out!”
“Yeah me too!” Tony says.
Dana angrily walks away as Tony and Mickey follow off behind her.  Diane D's family and relatives grab Dana, Tony and Mickey as Barry shouts, “Wait a minute, calm down Dana!  You too Tony and Mickey!”
“No I'm not gonna calm down Uncle Barry!” Dana shouts, “knowing that asshole wants to print bad shit about my cousin!”
“We're gonna take care of Felix Green as soon as we find him alone Dana!” Mary shouts.  “We don't want too many people knowing about this!  Just calm down!  You're not going out there!  Just stay cool!”  Dana calms a little as the family holds on to her.  The family, Tony and Mickey calm a little.  
“Just relax everybody,” Barry says.  Dana relaxes.  The rest of Diane D's family and relatives relaxes.  Suddenly Dana breaks away from the family and relatives and runs off!  She dashes out the doorway as Diane D's family and relatives panic and go off after her!

Dana races down the back hallway as the rest of Diane D’s family and relatives race after her shouting, “Wait Dana!  Wait!  Come back here Dana!  Get back here!”  Dana ignores her family and relatives as she continues to race down the back hallway with her family and relatives in hot pursuit!























































Chapter 6

The Dana Vs. Newspaper Reporter Showdown!


Dana angrily bursts out of the side door and walks towards the sidewalk!  She angrily walks towards Felix Green as Tony, Mickey, Michael and the rest of the family and relatives hurry after her!  She then shouts to Felix Green, “Hey man!”  
Felix Green and the people with him turn around towards Dana.
Dana approaches Felix Green and shouts, “What the hell you doing talking about printing about my cousin and me using drugs?!”
“What?” Felix says.
Diane D’s family and relatives grab Dana and hold on to her as she shouts to Felix, “Are you planning to print in your newspaper that Diane and I were using and abusing drugs?!”
“I don't know what you're talking about!” Felix Green shouts.
“I heard you were planning to print in your newspaper about Diane and me using drugs the night she and I got arrested!”
“I don't know who the hell went back and told you that!”
“My cousin Mickey told me!  He said someone from your newspaper called here and told them about it, then he told me!  He told me you were planning to print that shit in your newspaper!”
“So what if I was?!”
“For your information, Diane and I do not use drugs!”
“Well that's what somebody told me, that you and your cousin Diane D were using and abusing drugs that night you two got arrested for drunk driving, weapons possession charges and stolen properties!”
“So you just gonna choose to believe that bullshit lie and be quick to print that in your newspaper?!”
“That's right!”
“So you're gonna slam my cousin and mess up her image like that?!”
“As far as I’m concerned, your cousin’s image is already messed up!”
“What!” Diane D’s family shout.
“You better not write anything like that about my cousin in your paper!” Dana shouts.
“What I write about your cousin has nothing to do with you!” Felix Green shouts.
“It has everything to do with me!”
“No it doesn't!  It is not your business!”
“Look! She's my cousin, she's my family, she IS my business motherfucka!”
“You really need to stay out of it!”
“I will stay out of it as long as you keep my cousin out of it!”
“Don't tell me what to do with my newspaper!”
“Don't slam my cousin in your newspaper!”
“I'll slam anybody in my newspaper I want to!  I have slammed people before!”
“Listen, I don't give a fuck WHO you slam!  You can slam anybody you want!  As long as that person is not my cousin or anybody else in my family!  Because if you slam my cousin or anybody else in my family, there is going to be a problem!”
“A problem?!  Are you threatening me?!”
“Exactly!”
“Listen, I don't appreciate anybody threatening me!  Just for that, I will slam your cousin in my newspaper tomorrow morning!”
“What!” Diane D’s family shout.
“That's right, you all heard!  Tomorrow morning, there will be an article in the newspaper with a headline that says ‘Diane D is a ‘crack head!’”
“What!” Diane D’s family shout.  “A ‘crack head!”  Diane D’s family is shocked and stunned.  They turn their heads and look at Diane D as Diane D stares at Felix Green with wide angry eyes!
Dana turns back towards Felix Green and shouts, “Why you no good son-of-a-bitch!” as she throws her fist punching Felix Green right in the jaw, then kicks him hard in the groin as the crowd screams!  Barry suddenly punches Felix Green right in the other jaw!  Felix Green falls to the other side as Michael throws both his fists, punching Felix Green right in the face also!  Suddenly Tonio throws his fist and punches Felix Green right in the face also!  Felix Green falls to the other side again then Mary throws her fist and punches Felix Green right in the face too!  Felix Green falls to the other side again as Tomas throws both his fists and punches Felix Green in the face too!  Felix Green falls to the other side as Mickey suddenly swings a 2 by 4 and whams the 2 by 4 right into Felix Green’s belly!  “Mickey!” the crowd shouts in horror as Felix Green bends and painfully grabs his belly!  The crowd continues to scream as Dana throws three hard blows into Felix Green's face again then knees him right in the stomach!  Michael and Diane D's family and relatives continue to viciously attack Felix Green!   The crowd tries to intervene and break up the fight!  They hold Dana, Michael and the rest of Diane D’s family and relatives back away from Felix Green as Michael and the rest of the family angrily scream at Felix Green!  
As some of the crowd hold Felix Green back, he holds his face and belly in pain.  He takes his hand away from his face and looks at his hand.  He becomes shocked to see blood all on his hand.  He breaks away from the crowd and goes the other way!  Some people in the crowd go after him!  
Felix Green goes into the catering hall as some of the crowd go after him.
The rest of the crowd try to calm Dana, Michael, Diane D's family and relatives as Diane D’s family and relatives continue to be hostile.  A few people in the crowd try to calm Mary as Mary shouts to them, “He had no right calling my child a ‘crack head‘!  He had no right!”  Mary angrily turns from the people and goes to Dana and Diane D as Diane D holds onto Dana.  Everybody else come and surround Diane D and Dana.

Felix Green painfully runs in the back hallway of the catering place as some of the crowd hurry after him!  He goes to the side and head into the men’s room!  He slams the door behind himself as the crowd approaches the door!  The crowd tries to open the men’s room door, but it is locked!  They cannot get in!  They bang on the door shouting, “Are you okay Mister!  Are you okay!”

Inside the men’s room, Felix Green limps towards the mirror holding his stomach and groin in pain as he hears the crowd shouting and banging on the door!  He ignores the shouting banging sounds as he looks into the mirror at his reflection.  He sees his bloodied and bruised face.  He sees both of his eyes swollen.  He touches and holds his painful stomach.  He becomes furious.  The shouting and banging sounds outside the door suddenly stop.  Felix Green then says to himself, “That fucking Dana!  Look what that bitch started!  I swear she is gonna pay for this!”  Felix Green angrily turns and walks away from the mirror.  He looks towards the bathroom door.  He then walks towards it.  He opens the bathroom door.  He does not see anyone outside of it.  He then walks out into the back hallway.

Felix Green angrily walks through the back hallway.  He does not see the crowd anywhere around as he walks towards the side door.  
Felix Green approaches the side door.  He stands there and looks through the glass on the door.  He sees the crowd still being hostile completely surrounding Dana as Tony, Michael, Diane D's family and relatives all try to calm her.

Several yards away on the sidewalk, Tony, Michael, Diane D's family and relatives continue to calm Dana.  They see Dana's mouth trembling.  “It's okay Dana,” Mary says.  “It's gonna be alright.”  They all then see a little blood dripping out of Dana's mouth.
“Oh my God!” Margarita shouts.  “She just bit her own lip!  Get some tissues!”
Mary reaches into her bag and shouts, “Tengo algunos tejidos!”
“Hold on Dana!” Barry shouts.  Barry, Mary, Margarita and Gracy hold some tissue up to Dana's mouth, holding the blood.

Several yards away, Felix Green comes out of the side door.  He angrily goes towards the crowd.  

No one in the crowd sees Felix Green coming as they all face Dana continuing to calm her with their backs towards Felix Green.  

Suddenly Felix Green starts to race towards Dana!

Diane D does not see Felix Green coming as she approaches right in front of Dana with more tissues, getting right into harm’s way as Felix Green suddenly leaps and kicks Diane D right into her back, knocking Diane D right into Dana like dominos!  The entire crowd screams in horror as Diane D and Dana are thrown right towards the street curb!  Diane D and Dana fall pass the street curb with Dana falling backward!   Dana quickly spreads her arms, fists and feet apart trying to break her fall as her back lands right on the street with Diane D landing right on top of her and Felix Green landing several feet away on the sidewalk!  The crowd continues to scream in horror as Diane D’s family rush right to her and Dana’s aid!  Diane D’s family bend down to her and Dana and hold on to them as the rest of the crowd approach and bend down to them too.  Diane D’s family and the crowd help Diane D and Dana sit up off the ground as they ask, “Are you two okay?!”  Dana looks at Diane D.  She holds onto Diane D checking on her.  She then asks, “Are you okay Diane?  Diane are you okay?”  Dana and the crowd worriedly look at Diane D as Diane D painfully tries to hold onto her back.  
Several feet away, Felix Green gets up off the ground!  He turns and rushes away!   A lot of people in the crowd turn and chase after him!
Dana quickly gets up off the ground!  She turns and rushes away after Felix Green!  Other people in the crowd turn and rush away after Dana as Tony, Michael and Diane D's family hold on to Diane D and help Diane D off the ground.
Nicolas, the Dianettes and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band suddenly burst out of the front door of the catering hall as other people from inside the catering hall rush out behind them!   Nicolas, the Dianettes and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band run right towards the street towards the commotion!   They suddenly scream and run the other way as Dana races right past them with a gun in her hand!  
The crowd who was chasing after Felix Green suddenly scream and flee in terror also as some of them turn and flee in one direction and others turn and flee in the opposite direction trying to get away from Dana as Dana races right through them going after Felix Green with the gun in her hand while the crowd who was running behind her turn and flee in other directions!  
Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey and some of Diane D's relatives start to race after Dana shouting, “Dana!  Dana!”
Nicolas, the Dianettes and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band turn back around and run right back towards the commotion as Diane D races right past them running after Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey, her relatives and Dana as she shouts, “Dana!”
Nicolas and the Dianettes call out to Diane D and shout, “Diane!  Diane!”  
Diane D ignores them all as she continues to race after Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey, her relatives and Dana!
Nicolas, the Dianettes and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band start to race after Diane D and shout, “Diane!” as other people from inside the catering hall and the rest of the crowd start to race behind them!   

Felix Green runs down the sidewalk as he turns his head around!  He turns his head back forward and continues to run down the sidewalk as he desperately tries to flee from Dana!
Dana runs down the sidewalk continuing to chase after Felix Green with the gun her hand!
Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey and Diane D’s relatives run down the sidewalk continuing to chase after Dana shouting, “Dana!”
Diane D runs down the sidewalk continuing to chase after Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey, her relatives and Dana as she shouts, “Dana!”
Nicolas, the Dianettes and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band run down the sidewalk continuing to chase after Diane D shouting, “Diane!” as other people from inside the catering hall race behind them! 

Felix Green quickly runs right to a street corner as he turns his head around!  He turns his head back forward and runs right across the street passing a few cars desperately trying to get away from Dana!  He quickly runs to the next street corner then runs down the street of the next block!
Dana runs to the street corner!  She then runs right across the street passing a few cars!  She quickly runs to the next street corner!  She then runs down the street of the next block continuing to chase after Felix Green with the gun still in her hand!
Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey and Diane D’s relatives run to the street corner as they shout, “Dana!”  They run right across the street passing a few cars also!  They run to the next street corner then run down the street of the next block continuing to chase after Dana shouting, “Dana!”
Diane D runs to the street corner!  She then runs right across the street passing some cars also!  She quickly runs to the next street corner!  She then runs down the street of the next block continuing to chase after Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey, her relatives and Dana as she shouts, “Dana!”
Nicolas, the Dianettes and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band run to the street corner as they shout, “Diane!”  They start to run across the street after Diane D!

On the next block, Felix Green rushes to a car as he quickly looks back towards Dana!  He unlocks the car door, rushes into his vehicle and quickly shuts the door behind himself!
Several yards away, Dana rushes into her dark blue car and quickly shuts the door behind herself!  
Felix Green starts up his engine!  
Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey and Diane D's relatives approach Dana’s car as Dana starts up her engine!  They all try to open Dana’s car doors.  They are not able to open the doors.  “My God all the doors are locked!” Tonio shouts.  “She's not letting us in!”   Tonio and everyone else start to bang on Dana’s car windows as they all shout, “Let us in Dana!  Let us in!”
Felix Green then speeds his car away!
“Watch out!” Michael shouts.  “She's about to pull off!”  Michael, Barry, Tonio, Tony, Mickey and Diane D's relatives quickly back up and move out of the way as Dana pulls off and speeds off after Felix Green‘s vehicle!   Michael, Barry, Tonio, Tony, Mickey and Diane D's relatives scream and rush off after Dana's vehicle on foot!  They stop and desperately look at Dana’s vehicle!
Barry turns to the others and shouts, “Come on, we have to go after her!”  Barry, Tonio, Tony, Michael, Mickey and Diane D’s relatives turn around and run back the other way!  They run right into Diane D as Barry shouts to her, “Come on Diane!   We gotta go after Dana!  Let’s hurry to the cars!”  Diane D quickly looks towards Dana’s vehicle’s direction then quickly turns around as she, her relatives, Barry, Michael, Tony and Mickey run back the other direction!

Several minutes later, inside the family van, Barry sits behind the wheel driving as Mary sits in the front passenger seat.  Diane D, Michael, Margarita, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn sit in the back seats looking out the windows for Dana's and Felix Green's vehicles.  Mary turns around to Diane D and asks, “Diane, are you okay baby?  Are you hurt bad?”
“I'm alright Mom,” Diane D says.  “I’m still in pain, but I’m okay.  Which way did they go?  Which way did Dana's car went?”
“I don't know baby.”  Mary turns to the rest of her family and asks, “Do any of y'all know which way Dana's car went?”
“No we have no idea Mary,” Barry says.  “We just gotto keep looking, especially before it gets dark!”
“All we know is that we gotto hurry and find Dana before she gets into an accident or something!” Margarita shouts.
“Yeah,” Tomas says.  “At least find her before the police finds her!”
“Yeah that's true,” Barry says.  The entire family is desperate, trying to find Dana's vehicle.  They look out in the street and do not see any sign of Dana's or Felix Green's vehicles.

Felix Green's vehicle is speeding on the highway passing several cars!
Inside the car, Felix Green’s face is all bloodied and bruised as he quickly looks into the rearview mirror.  As he looks into the rearview mirror, he suddenly sees a dark blue car change from another lane then come right on to his lane speeding right towards his vehicle!  “What the….,” he shouts.  He puts his car into high gear!  He speeds his car down the highway more fast!
The dark blue car speeds down the highway more fast behind Felix Green‘s car, going after Felix Green's car!  The two cars speed at around 80 miles per hour as they miss and go past other cars!  They continue to race down the highway!
Inside Felix Green’s car, he glances into the rearview mirror again.  He suddenly hears a gunshot!  “What the….,” he shouts again.  He becomes frightened and ducks his head!  “Oh my god!” he shouts.  He speeds his car more fast!
The dark blue car speeds more fast!  It comes along side Felix Green's car as they both race at 100 miles per hour!
Inside Felix Green’s car, he is frightened as he continues to speed!  He suddenly hears another gunshot and ducks his head as his car jerks!  “Oh my God!” he shouts again.  He then notices that the other car is trying to push him off the road!  “My God!” he shouts.  “She's trying to push me off the road!  She's crazy!  I think she’s trying to kill me!”  Felix Green’s car speeds away from the dark blue car!  He suddenly hears a third gunshot and ducks his head as one of the rear windows in his car shatter and breaks.  “Oh shit!” he shouts.  The two vehicles continue to race down the highway going at 100 miles per hour!   They go past other cars as motorists and passengers from other cars scream with fright!
A police car sits on the side of the highway.  Inside the police car, two white male police officers spot the two vehicles racing down the highway!  The officer behind the steering wheel gets on the police radio and speaks into it shouting, “Calling all units, calling all units!  There're two cars speeding down the highway!  I think they're both going over 100 miles per hour!   They seem to be racing with each other!   Go after them!  Roger!”  The police put on their sirens.  They put on chase and speed into the highway!
The police car speeds down the highway past other vehicles!  They chase after the speeding vehicles!  
After a couple of minutes, the police cars are about to catch up with the two vehicles.  The dark blue car suddenly slows down then quickly pulls off at a ramp!  It speeds up the ramp and quickly exits the highway!

The dark car goes into the service road and speeds around the corner!

The police car continues to go after Felix Green's vehicle!  They soon catch up to it. Felix Green’s vehicle slows down.  “Pull over to the right!” a voice shouts from the police car speaker.
Felix Green's vehicle pulls to the shoulder of the highway.  It slows down then stops.  The police car pulls up behind Felix Green's car then stop.  The two officers get out of their car and walk towards Felix Green's car.  They approach Felix Green’s car.  They see one of the rear windows shattered.  They also see a bullet hole on the side of the car.  The officers look at Felix Green.  One of them says, “Do you mind telling us what the hell is going on?!  What happened?!  What were you and that other car doing speeding on the highway?!”
“She was trying to kill me!” Felix Green shouts.  “I had to get away from her!”
“What!  What are you talking about?!  Who was trying to kill you?!  Step out of the car.”  Felix Green opens the car door.  He limps out of the car trembling.  He closes the car door behind himself.  The officers see his face all bloodied and beat up.  “What in the world happened to you?!” the first officer asks.  “It looked like you got beat up or something!  What happened?!”
“That broad just tried to kill me!”
“Broad?” the second officer says.  “What broad?!”
“Diane D's cousin!  You heard of The Diaz-Davidson Organization before, right?!  The family owned charity organization that performs all over the country for charity?!”
“Yes I heard of them.”
“Well you know Diane D right?!”
“Yes I know who Diane D is.  She's the one who sings and dances on stage with The Dianettes.  The one who was arrested with her cousin Dana for drunk driving and weapons possession charges and stolen properties several months ago.”
“Exactly!”
“Diane D’s cousin tried to kill you?” 
“Yes!”
“Which cousin?” the first officer asks.
“The same cousin Dana who was arrested with her!”
“The one who was suspected of shooting down all those traffic cameras?!”
“Yeah that's the one!  It was Dana!  She just tried to kill me!”
“She did?”
“Yes!”
“Why would she want to kill you?!”
“Because I threatened to their family that I was gonna print about Diane D using drugs the night Diane D and her cousin Dana got arrested and that I was gonna print Diane D is a ‘crack head‘!  That's when her cousin Dana attacked me!  She punched me right in the face, then the rest of Diane D's family and relatives jumped in and attacked me as well, including her husband, her parents, her uncle, her grandfather and her brother!”
“What!  All of them attacked you?!”
“Yes!”
“You work for a newspaper?”
“Yes I do!  I'm a newspaper reporter.  I work for the local newspaper.”
“You do?”
“Yes!”
“I see.  So after Diane D’s family attacked you, did Diane D herself attack you too?  Did she throw her fist at you?“
“No, she didn’t get a chance to!  She didn‘t need to attack me with her family doing all the attacking!”
“Wow.  So what happened after Diane D's family attacked you?”
“I ran off and went into the men’s room at the catering place where they were having an event.  After I left the men’s room, I went back outside to Diane D’s family and tried to attack her cousin Dana back!  I ran right towards Dana and jumped to try to kick her down!  Somehow Diane D got right in the way and I wind up kicking her instead and she and her cousin Dana both fell down on the street curb, so did I!  That's when her cousin Dana and I both got up off the ground!  Then she came after me and chased me down the street!  Then we both got in our vehicles and she chased me right on the highway!  She chased me for a while, then I heard a gun shot!  I got so scared, then I heard another gunshot!  That time, my car jerked!  Then she tried to push me off the road!  As I was getting away from her, I heard a third gunshot!  That's when one of my windows shattered!  Then I heard the sirens!  That's when she pulled off and got off the highway as soon as she heard the sirens!”
“We guess she did get off the highway because we didn't see that car anywhere around as we got closer to you.”
“Do you know what exit she might have pulled off at?” the second officer asks.
“I think two exits back.”
“You know what kind of car she was driving?”
“Well the car that was chasing after me appeared dark blue.  I’m not sure.”
“Are you sure it was Diane D‘s cousin Dana chasing after you?  Were you able to see the driver of the other car‘s face?”
“No, but most likely it was Dana coming after me.”
“Do you know whether or not she had anybody else in the car with her?” the first officer asks.
“I don’t know.”
“Okay.”  The first officer gets on his radio.  He then shouts, “Calling all units, calling all units!  Be on a lookout for a dark blue car that got off exit 3 on the highway, northbound side around five or ten minutes ago!  The driver of that car is armed with a gun!  The driver shot at another motorist three times as they and the other motorist were speeding down the highway and that driver tried to push the other motorist off the road!  I'm with the other motorist right now!  He happens to be a newspaper reporter from a local newspaper!  Again, be on the lookout for that dark blue car!  We have an attempted murder incident on our hands!  We believe we know who the driver of the other car might be!  Be cautious!  The driver of the other car is believed to be armed and dangerous!  Roger!”  The first officer gets off his radio.  He then turns to Felix Green and asks, “Are you hurt real bad?”
“Yes I am,” Felix Green says.  “My jaw feels broken!”
“Your jaw feels broken?”
“Yeah!  Dana punched me right in the jaw, so did the rest of her family!  My stomach and ribs feel broken too!  I'm hurt all over!”
“Well I'm gonna call the ambulance for you.  Once you arrive at the hospital, we’re gonna have to write a report on this incident.”
“Okay.”
The first officer gets on his radio again and says, “Send for an ambulance.  Okay Roger.”  Felix Green looks away from the officer, all shaken up.

At a different location, two female officers sit in a patrol car.  Officer Cooper, a black chubby female officer around her late thirties with a dark brown complexion and shoulder length dark brown curly hair sits behind the wheel talking into the police radio as her partner Officer Martinez, a slimmer Hispanic female officer also around her late thirties with shoulder length curly hair, sits on the passenger side.  The two female officers suddenly see a dark blue car going slowly in the distance.  “Wait a minute,” Officer Cooper says into the police radio.  “Did you say look out for a dark blue sedan that just got off exit 3 around five or ten minutes ago?  The driver of that vehicle is wanted for attempted murder?  And this driver is armed with a gun and you think you know who this driver might be?  Well we think we just spotted that vehicle!  We're gonna go after it!  Roger!”  Officer Cooper puts on the sirens.

Officer Cooper speeds the patrol car down the street!  She goes after the dark blue car!  The police car drives behind the dark blue car.  Officers Martinez yells into the police speaker and shouts, “Pull over to the right!”
The dark blue car does not stop.  It continues to drive.  
Officer Martinez yells into the speaker again and shots, “Pull over to the right!”
The dark blue car continues to drive.  
Officer Martinez yells into the speaker again and shouts, “I said pull to the right!”
The dark blue car makes a quick turn as the police car makes a turn after it.  
Officer Martinez turns to Officer Cooper and says, “I think this driver is hard of hearing.”  She yells back into the police speaker and shouts, “Pull to the right!”
The dark blue car continues to drive.  It makes another turn.  The police car makes another turn and continues to follow the dark blue car.  Officer Martinez yells into the speaker again and shouts, “Pull over to the right!”
The dark blue car makes another turn.  
The police car makes another turn and go after the dark blue car again as Officer Martinez yells into the speaker again and shouts, “I said pull to the right!”  The dark blue car makes another turn.

The dark blue car goes into an isolated area.  The police car continues to follow it.  The dark blue car finally pulls to the right and stops.  The police car pulls up ten feet behind it and stops.
Inside the police car, Officer Cooper and Officer Martinez puzzled look at the dark blue car.  They then look out the window at the area.  They puzzled look back at the dark blue car.  Officer Martinez then asks, “Why did that driver decide to pull over and stop here?  This area is isolated.  There's no one around.”
“I know,” Officer Cooper says.  “Something is not right about that.  It's like this driver purposely lured us here to this isolated area where no one can see us.”
“I think so too.  Remember, they said this driver is armed with a gun.  Maybe this driver is planning to shoot at us too.  That's probably why they lured us to this isolated area, so there won't be any witnesses.”  Officer Martinez and Officer Cooper worriedly look at each other.
Officer Cooper then says, “We better get our guns ready, just in case.”  Officer Cooper and Officer Martinez get their guns ready as Officer Cooper says, “And we better let the other units know where we are just in case we don't make it out of here.”
“I know.”
Officer Cooper gets on the police radio and shouts, “Calling all units, calling all units!  Yeah I Officer Cooper and Officer Martinez found and pulled the dark blue car over.  We're off from the highway off exit seven!  Okay Roger!”  Officer Cooper gets off the police radio.  She turns to Officer Martinez and says, “Let's find out what the hell is going on with this driver.”  Officer Cooper and Officer Martinez get out of their patrol car.
Officer Cooper and Officer Martinez are outside the police vehicle looking around the area.  They see that the area is totally isolated.  They turn and look at the dark blue car.  They slowly walk towards the dark blue car.
Suddenly the dark blue car turns to the left and drives to the left.  It then stops.  Officer Cooper approaches the driver’s side of the dark blue car as Officer Martinez approaches the passenger side.  Officer Cooper and Officer Martinez look into the car.  They see Dana.  Officer Cooper then says, “Why did pull your car over here Miss?!  Can I see your driver’s license?”
“I don't have my license,” Dana says.  
“What?  What do you mean you don't have your license?  Where is it?”
“I left it home.”
“You left it home?  You're suppose to have your license on you whenever you drive!  Why didn't you pull over immediately when we yelled for you to pull over?”
“I didn't hear you.”
“You didn’t hear us?  Don't hand me that!  You seem very suspicious about something!  I'm gonna have to ask you to step out of the car!”
Dana hesitates.  She does not move.
“You must be are hard of hearing!  I said step out the car!”
Officer Martinez comes around to the driver's side and approaches Officer Cooper and says, “Is she giving you a hard time, Janice?”
“Yes she is.”
Officer Martinez turns to Dana and says, “Ma'am, step out of the car!  Now!”
Dana slowly opens the car door.  She gets up and steps out of the vehicle.  Officer Cooper and Officer Martinez puzzled look at her.  Officer Cooper then says, “Hey!  I know you from somewhere!  You're Diane D's cousin, aren't you?!  You're the one who was suspected of shooting down all those traffic cameras with a rifle several months ago!  The other officers said on the radio that they know who the driver of this vehicle might be!  Did you just shoot at and tried to run over another driver on the highway a little while ago?”
“No I didn't,” Dana says.
“Where were you just coming from?” Officer Martinez asks.
“None of your business.”
“Don't be nasty with us Miss, because right now, it is our business!  You're suspected of something and we're gonna have to search your vehicle to see if you have any weapons in there!”
“I don't have any weapons in my vehicle.”
“We'll be the judge of that!  Step to the side please!”
Dana steps to the side.  Officer Martinez leans into the vehicle and looks into it with a flashlight as Officer Cooper keeps an eye on Dana.  Officer Martinez leans back out the vehicle.  She turns to Dana and says, “Well I don't see anything suspicious in there.  I'm gonna have to search your trunk.  Take your keys and open the trunk.”  Dana looks at Officer Martinez.  She then turns and leans in the car.  She takes the keys out of the ignition.  She leans back out the car and steps to the trunk.  She opens the trunk.
“Okay step to the side while I look in the trunk,” Officer Martinez says.  Dana steps to the side.  Officer Martinez leans into the trunk.  She starts to search the trunk.  She soon leans back out the trunk and says, “Well I don't see anything suspicious in there.”  She turns to Dana and says, “Now we're gonna have to search and frisk you!  Turn around and put your hands up against the car!”
“Why?” Dana says.  “I don't have any weapons on me!”
“We'll be the judge of that!” Officer Cooper says.  “Turn around and put your hands up against the car!”
“Officers, you can search my vehicle, but you cannot search me!”
“We are gonna search you!” Officer Martinez shouts.  “You're suspicious of something and we have to frisk you!”
“You are not gonna frisk me!”
“Why not?” Officer Cooper says.  “Are you hiding something?”
“No I'm not!”
“Well if you have nothing to hide, there shouldn't be a problem with us frisking you!” Officer Martinez says.
“Officers, don't put your hands on me.”
“We have to put our hands on you if we're gonna frisk you!” Officer Cooper says.  “Now turn around and put your hands up against the car!”
“I said don't put your hands on me!”
“Turn around and put your hands up against the car or we will have to use force!” Officer Martinez shouts.  “Please stop making our job hard!  Now turn around and put both your hands up against the car!”
Dana gives an icy stare at Officer Martinez.
“Turn around and put both your hands up against the car!” Officer Martinez shouts again.  Dana slowly turns around.  “Put your hands up against the car!” Officer Martinez again shouts.  Dana puts her hands up against the car.  
Officer Cooper comes behind Dana and shouts, “Spread your legs!”  Dana hesitates.
“Spread your legs!” Officer Martinez shouts.  Dana spreads her legs and feet apart.
Officer Cooper bends behind Dana.  She starts to pat Dana's sides.  Dana closes her eyes and hisses.  Suddenly, she kicks her heel up hard right up against Officer Cooper's private area!  “Aaaaahh!” Officer Cooper screams and holds her private area in pain as Officer Martinez becomes shocked!  Dana quickly turns around and kung fu kicks Officer Cooper right in the stomach!  She then whams her fists right into Officer Cooper's temple!  Blood starts to splatter as Officer Martinez quickly pulls out her gun!  Dana quickly turns and kung-fu kicks the gun right out of Officer Martinez's hand as Officer Cooper falls to the ground!  Dana then whams her fists right into Officer Martinez’ temple and starts attacking Officer Martinez as Officer Cooper screams and lay on the ground holding her private and abdominal areas!   Dana then throws several hard, loud blows right into Officer Martinez's face and head!  Blood starts to splatter as Officer Martinez starts to fall out!  Dana grabs and holds Officer Martinez’s arms and hands tightly behind Officer Martinez’s back!  She spreads her legs apart, bends Officer Martinez forward and starts punching Officer Martinez right up in the stomach area as Officer Martinez’s feet practically lifts off the ground!  
Officer Cooper continues to lay on the ground screaming in agony, holding her abdominal and private area as she helplessly watch Officer Martinez get beat up!  She painfully struggles to get her gun!  
Officer Martinez desperately tries to break away from Dana‘s tight grip as Dana grabs Officer Martinez’s head and bangs Officer Martinez's head real hard against her knee!  Dana then pulls Officer Martinez right towards the police car!  She then smashes Officer Martinez's head right against the police car!   
Officer Cooper continues to struggle to get her gun as she continues to lay on the ground in agony holding her abdominal and private area!   
Dana then grabs Officer Martinez's head then smashes Officer Martinez's head right through the police car window breaking the glass!  Dana pulls Officer Martinez's head back out the police car window!  She then bangs her knee real hard against Officer Martinez's stomach area!
Officer Cooper slowly and painfully pulls out her gun!  She painfully aims the gun right at Dana!  She is about to pull the trigger!  
Dana suddenly looks at Officer Cooper!  Then she quickly tosses Officer Martinez right towards the gun and throws herself down to the side as Officer Cooper pulls the trigger!  The gun goes off and Officer Martinez gets shot right in the back!  Officer Martinez's eyes open wide in shock and in pain as she’s bent backwards!  Officer Cooper screams, “Oh noooo!”  Officer Martinez falls backward to the ground!   She lays motionless on the ground as Dana gets up off the ground and rushes away!
Dana runs back to her vehicle!
Dana reaches her car!  She opens the door, jumps into the driver's seat, closes the door and starts up the engine!  She then drives her car behind the police vehicle and speeds off!  Her car tires screech as she speeds away into the distance leaving both female officers down on the ground helpless and injured!
Officer Cooper continues to lay on the ground in agony holding her private area with both hands!  She takes one of her hands away from her private area and looks at her hand and fingers.  She sees heavy blood on her hand and fingers.  She starts to panic and scream, “OH GOD NOOO!  DON’T LET IT BE!  OH MY GOD, PLEASE DON’T, NOOOO!   NOOOO!  DON’T LET ME LOSE MY BABY, PLEASE!”  Officer Cooper takes her other hand away from her private and sees more heavy blood!  She cries and screams, “OH NO!  MY BABY!  HELP ME SOMEBODY!  PLEASE HELP!  SOMEBODY HELP US!  HELP MY BABY LORD, PLEASE DON’T LET ME LOSE MY BABY!”  Officer Cooper and Officer Martinez continue to lay on the ground.  Officer Cooper struggles in pain as she reaches for her police radio.  She struggles as she speaks into the police radio shouting, “Hello!  Help!  My partner and I are down!  We’re injured!  Please come help us!”  Officer Cooper then passes out and drops the police radio as she and Officer Martinez continue to lay motionless on the ground, each of them covered in a pool of blood.

It is two hours later.  Officer Cooper is laying unconscious in the hospital attached to tubes and monitors.  Two male white doctors around their late 50’s look at her.  They then turn and head towards the doorway.

The doctors step out into the hallway.  One of the doctors approach Officer Cooper's desperate husband Mr. Cooper, a stocky black man and other family members.  “How's she doing Doctor?” Mr. Cooper anxiously asks.
“Your wife is fine Mr. Cooper,” the doctor says.  “But I'm afraid I have some bad news.  She lost the baby.”
“What!  She lost the baby?!”
“Yes.  She was kicked so hard in the groin and stomach areas, it caused her to miscarry the baby and lose a lot of blood.”
“OH MY GOD NOOOO!” 
“I'm afraid it's true.”
“Why why whyyy!” Mr. Cooper cries.  “Why did this have to happen?!  We had planned a long time to have a child!  We wanted a child several years ago when we first got married, but my wife decided to put having a child on hold because she wanted be a police officer and she didn't want having a child right away to interfere with her career!  She wanted to get her career going first, once she got her career going, then we planned for a child!  And now this happens!”
“I understand and I'm sorry we weren't able to save your unborn child.”
“Who the hell did this to her?”
“We don't know.  Your wife was able to call for help.  She gave her and her partner's location just before she passed out.  The police came to your wife's location and spotted her and her partners' patrol car and saw them both laying near their patrol car on the side of the road.  The police called for an ambulance, then the ambulance brought your wife and her partner here.  Your wife nor her partner is able to speak right now.  Once they come around, I guess we'll all find out who did this to them.”
Mr. Cooper and the rest of the family start to scream and cry.

In another hospital room, Officer Martinez is laying unconscious attached to tubes and monitors with one tube in her nose and a bandage around her head.  Different white male doctors look at her.  One of the doctors turns then heads towards the doorway.

The doctor steps out into the hallway.  He approaches Officer Martinez’s anxious and desperate husband Mr. Martinez, a Hispanic man with a mustache and his family.  The doctor says to him, “She's messed up pretty bad.”
“What do you mean Doctor?!” Mr. Martinez shouts.  “Is she alive?!”
“Well part of her is still alive.  That's the good news.”
“What do you mean part of her is still alive?  What’s the bad news?!”
“Well Mr. Martinez, the bad news, is that your wife’s hand and fingers are broken.  The second bad news is, I'm afraid to tell you, that your wife might not be able to walk again.”
“What!  What do you mean she might not be able to walk again?!”
“She was shot in her spine, her spine got damaged.”
“WHAT!  OH NOOO!  THIS CAN’T BE HAPPENING!  IT CAN’T BE TRUE DOCTOR!”
“I'm afraid it's true.  I'm afraid your wife is paralyzed!  She might be paralyzed for the rest of her life!”
“PARALYZED FOR THE REST OF HER LIFE?!  NOOOO!  NO GOD NOOO!  PLEASE DON’T LET THIS BE TRUE!  GOD NOOO!”  Mr. Martinez and the rest of his family scream in shock!

At the Diaz-Davidson Organization the next day, Diane D's family, relatives and everyone else are shocked as they look at and read an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S FAMILY AND RELATIVES BEAT REPORTER BLACK AND BLUE!  They then see an article in the paper that reads:  REPORTER FELIX GREEN CLAIMS DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA CHASED HIM ON HIGHWAY, SHOT AT HIM THREE TIMES SHATTERING HIS CAR WINDOW AND TRIED TO RUN HIM OFF THE ROAD!  REPORTER PLANS TO PRESS CHARGES!  POLICE PLAN FOR DIANE D’S COUSIN'S ARREST:  Diane D's family is stunned.  Barry turns to his family and says, “Boy they sure got this in the paper right away, didn't they?”
“Yeah they sure did,” Nicolas says.  “Can y'all believe this?  This reporter Felix Green plans to press charges against our family!  He also claimed that Dana chased him on the highway and shot at him three times, breaking his windows!  Where did Dana get a gun from?”
“I don't know Nicolas.  I have no idea.”  Barry turns to Diane D and asks, “Diane did Dana say anything to you about this when she came back home to Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike's house last night?”
“No she didn't say anything about that Dad,” Diane D says.  “She told me, Grandma and Grandpa that when she went after Felix Green, he disappeared on the highway and she never saw him again after that.”
“But yet the police claim they spotted her car and Felix Green's car racing right next to each other going at 100 miles per hour on the highway!  You know how fast that is?!  That's very fast!  They could've gotten killed or killed somebody else!”
“Yeah that's true,” Margarita says.  “Where is Dana at now?”
“Oh she's home at Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike's house,” Diane D says.  
“Do you know whether she or Gracy and Mike saw the paper yet?”
“I don't know.”
“Look at these other articles,” Nicolas says.  “The articles about two female police officers who were beat up and left for dead yesterday!”  Nicolas, Diane D and the rest of the family look at two other newspapers with several different headlines that read: TWO FEMALE POLICE OFFICERS LEFT FOR DEAD!:  TWO FEMALE POLICE OFFICERS LAY IN THE HOSPITAL WITH MAJOR BLOWS TO BOTH OF THEIR HEADS FROM AN UNKNOWN ATTACKER!  ONE OFFICER SUFFERING FROM A MISCARRIAGE, THE OTHER OFFICER SUFFERING FROM A GUNSHOT WOUND TO THE BACK AND POSSIBLE PARALYZATION!:  Diane D’s family is in disbelief.  “Those female officers were beat up pretty bad,” Nicolas says.  “One suffered a miscarriage and the other got shot in the back and might be paralyzed for the rest of her life!  That is terrible!”
“It is!” Margarita shouts.  “The article says the two women's families never wanted them to be police officers, because their families think the job is too dangerous!”
“It is a dangerous job and a stressful job, but somebody's got to do it!” Barry shouts.  “Did these women identify their attacker yet?”
“No I don't think so Dad,” Nicolas says.
“It's a shame what happened to them,” Tomas says.  “I mean who would want to hurt female police officers?”
“I have no idea Grandpa.”
“All I know is that we better hurry and get to Dana and be there with her by the time the police get her for shooting at Felix Green,” Diane D says.
“Yeah come, let's go,” Barry says.  Barry, Diane D and the rest of the family hurry and leave the room.

Several people on the street are shocked as they look at and read an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S FAMILY AND RELATIVES BEAT REPORTER BLACK AND BLUE!  They then see an article in the paper that reads:  REPORTER FELIX GREEN CLAIMS DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA CHASED HIM ON HIGHWAY, SHOT AT HIM THREE TIMES SHATTERING HIS CAR WINDOW AND TRIED TO RUN HIM OFF THE ROAD!  REPORTER PLANS TO PRESS CHARGES!  POLICE PLAN FOR DIANE D’S COUSIN'S ARREST:  The people are stunned.  One of the people, a black woman in her early 30’s turns to the others and says, “Can y'all believe this?  Diane D's family beat a reporter up yesterday evening, then her cousin Dana chased the reporter on the highway, shot at him three times and tried to run him off the road!  Why did Diane D’s family do that?”
“Well it says that reporter Felix Green threatened to expose Diane D for possible drug use,” a black man says.  “So Diane D’s family and relatives got upset, attacked that reporter Felix Green and beat him up for it.”
“I don't blame them,” another black woman says.  “Why would this reporter Felix Green want to expose Diane D for drug use anyway?”
“You know how this world is.  If you become sort of well known and have skeletons in your closet, the media is ready to expose you.”
“Yeah that's true,” another black man says.  “But Diane D don't use drugs.  Doesn't she preach against it?”
“Yeah, but that doesn't mean anything.  You don't know what a person does when no one else is around them.  You have a lot of preachers and priests out there who preach against a lot of things and probably sin more than anybody else.  Of course they won't let you know about it.  Remember a couple of years ago the preacher whose wife caught him in bed with another man?  The same preacher who preached against homosexuality!  Yet he was caught doing exactly what he was preaching against!”
“Yeah I remember that story,” the first woman says.  “Well either way, this reporter Felix Green was wrong for wanting to expose Diane D anyway.  Her family had every right to get upset.”
“I heard that another reporter at the catering hall warned him not to try and expose Diane D.  The other reporter warned him that if he tries to expose Diane D, he’s gonna have to deal with Diane D’s whole family and look what happened.  He dealt with her whole family including her crazy cousin Dana who he said chased him down the highway, shot at him three times and tried to run him off the road.  And check out these other articles.”  The people see more articles with different headlines that read: FEMALE POLICE OFFICERS LEFT FOR DEAD!:  TWO FEMALE POLICE OFFICERS LAY IN THE HOSPITAL WITH MAJOR BLOWS TO BOTH OF THEIR HEADS FROM AN UNKNOWN ATTACKER!  ONE OFFICER SUFFERING FROM A MISCARRIAGE, THE OTHER OFFICER SUFFERING FROM A GUNSHOT WOUND TO THE SPINE, POSSIBLE PARALYZATION!:
“This incident happened yesterday too?”
“Yeah.”
“Who would hurt police officers?  Especially female officers!”
“I don't know.  The police aren't able to get a statement from either of the female officers yet.”  The people continue to look at the headlines and articles.

At the organization the next day, Diane D sits in an office at a desk typing and clicking on the computer.  Kory, the slim black male staff member around his late 30's comes into the office holding a newspaper.  He approaches Diane D and says, “Hey Diane.”  Diane D turns her head towards Kory then looks back at the computer screen and continues to type and click on it as Kory says, “So how did it go when the police arrested your cousin Dana yesterday for chasing and shooting at that reporter Felix Green?  What happened?  Is Dana still in jail?”
“Yes she still is Kory,” Diane D says.
“You know how long they're gonna keep her in jail?”
“We don't know yet.  My Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike are planning to bail her out.”
“Again?  Well I don't think your grandparents better waist their time or their money trying to bail your cousin Dana out of jail right now because read this!”  Diane D stops typing and looks as Kory shows her a newspaper and points to a headline that reads: FEMALE POLICE OFFICERS COME TO AND IDENTIFIES DIANE D'S COUSIN AS THEIR ATTACKER!:  Diane D jumps out of her seat and shouts, “What! What are they talking about?!  What the hell is going on here?!”
“The two female officers who were attacked the other day identified a cousin of yours as their attacker!  They claim the same cousin of yours who was suspected of shooting down all those traffic cameras and the same cousin of yours who was arrested with you on the drunk driving and weapons possession charges!  I'm sure we all know which cousin of yours these two officers are talking about!”
“Dana?!”
“That's right!”
“But I don't understand!  How did Dana wind up beating up these female officers?  My family and I saw Dana speed off and chased after Felix Green!  We didn't know what happened to her after that!  How did she wind up in contact with these female officers anyway?”
“Well according these female officers, the incident between them and your cousin Dana happened right after Dana chased off after Felix Green!  The officers said they pulled a dark blue car over, because they had a call on all the police radios to be on a look out for a dark blue car, because the driver of that car just chased and shot at a reporter three times and tried to run the reporter off the road!  So when the female officers spotted your cousin Dana's dark blue car, they pulled her car over.  They said they went to the car and told the driver to step out of the car.  So when the driver stepped out of the car, the officers said they recognized the driver as your cousin Dana!  The officers said they recognized Dana from her being arrested with you before!  The officers said they were about to frisk your cousin Dana!  They said Dana told them not to put their hands on her.  The officers putted their hands on your cousin Dana and tried to frisk her anyway!  They said when they started to frisk Dana, that's when Dana attacked them and beat the hell out of them both!  They’re both claiming that Dana did the same thing you tried to do when you were about to get frisked right at the police station before!”
“They said that?!”
“Yes they did.  Diane, after you and your family saw Dana speed off after Felix Green the other day, when was the next time you and your family saw your cousin Dana again?”
“That same night!  She came back home to my Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house around twelve o'clock midnight!”
“Did she say anything to you or your family about what happened to her or where she went after she chased off after Felix Green?”
“No, she didn't say much!  When we asked Dana what happened to her after she chased off after Felix Green, she told us she lost Felix Green as soon as he got on the highway!  She said she was looking for him for a couple or few miles, couldn't find him, gave up on him and decided to come home.”
“That's what she told your family?”
“Yep, that's what she told us.”
“So she never said a word to y'all about chasing down Felix Green on the highway, shooting at him three times, trying to run him off the road then being pulled over by two female officers and wind up beaten them up, did she?”
“No, she never said a word.  I would have never even know about any of this if it wasn't in the paper!  Does my family know about this article?”
“Yeah, they all know about it now.  They're downstairs right now reading the article in another newspaper. They're very shocked and devastated by this.  They're shocked to find out that your cousin Dana was these two female officers' attacker and left them for dead.  The police are gonna charge your cousin Dana with THIS CRIME now!  So it wouldn't make sense for your Grandma Gracy and your Grandpa Mike to bail your cousin Dana out of jail for the crime she did to Felix Green because she would be right back in jail for this crime!”
“My god!  I got to go down to my family!”  Diane D hurries to the doorway and hurries out the room as Kory follows off behind her.

Diane D and Kory hurry into the lobby.  They hear a lot of commotion.  They see Diane D's entire family, relatives including Gracy and Grandpa Mike and other people hysterically fussing and fighting as they look at and hold some newspapers.  Diane D and Kory rush to the family.  The family turns to Diane D as Margarita shouts, “Diane viste el papel todavia?”
“Si lo vi,” Diane D says.
“Mi dios,” Mary shouts.  “Tenemos que llamar a Christine y David!”
“Mama, no van a ser contentos de oir sobre esto!”
“Lo se Diane, pero tenemos que decirles!  No podemos mantener esto informacion de ellos!  Diane, did Dana say anything to you about this incident when she came home the other night?”
“No!  She never said a word to me about it!”
“How about you Ma?” Aunt Celeste asks Gracy.  “Did Dana say anything or do anything strange when she came back home the other night after she ran off after Felix Green?  How was she behaving?”
“She was behaving her usual self!” Gracy says.  Everybody continues to look at the article.

Inside Teresa’s bedroom, Teresa is fixing her clothes as she looks in the mirror.  She then turns towards the telephone.  She picks up the receiver and dials a number.  She waits for several seconds.  She then speaks into the receiver and says, “Hey Diane.  How‘re you doing?  Did you see today's paper about the female police officers identifying Dana as their attacker?”
“Yeah I saw it,” Diane D says.
“Did your family see it?”
“Yeah they saw it.”
“Well what do y'all think?”
“We don't know what to think Teresa.”
“Did Dana say anything to you or your family about this incident when she came home that night?”
“No, she never said anything to us about it at all.  But she never says anything to us whenever she does stuff like this.  She always keeps her mouth shut and just keeps things like this to herself.  We always wind up hearing about it from someplace else.”
“I know.  Does she know that this incident is in the paper?”
“I don't know.  My family hasn't spoken to Dana yet.  We're planning to visit her at the jail this afternoon.”
“You are?”
“Yeah.”
“Do you know when her court date is?”
“Her court date is in two months.”
“On both cases?  Felix Green's and the female officers?”
“Yeah.”
“Are the courts gonna give Dana bail?”
“No.  They said no bail for her.  Dana is gonna have to remain in jail for the next two months.”
“Oh my god.”  Teresa sadly looks into space.

At Officer Cooper’s family’s home, Mr. Cooper and other family members are shocked as they look at and read an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: FEMALE POLICE OFFICERS COME TO AND IDENTIFIES DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA AS THEIR ATTACKER!:  Mr. Cooper shouts, “What!  Are they saying that it was Diane D’s cousin Dana who attacked them?!”
“Yeah they identified her!” a male family member says.
“Are they saying that Diane D’s cousin Dana killed my unborn child?!”
“Yes that’s what they’re saying,” a female family member says.
“Why that murderer!  She killed my unborn baby!”  Mr. Cooper starts to cry and lean his head on his family’s shoulders as they sadly wrap their arms around him.




























Chapter 7

Dana’s Trial


Two months later, tons of people are outside the court building lined up waiting to get inside the court building.  One of the men, a middle aged white male turns to a black woman on the line and asks, “Are you here to see Diane D‘s cousin Dana‘s trial?”
“I sure am,” the woman says.  “That Dana is something else, ain’t she, attacking that newspaper reporter, then chasing his vehicle on the highway and shooting at his vehicle three times then try to run him off the road then beat up two female police officers right after that!”
“I know.  She is a dangerous cookie.  I wouldn’t want to mess with her.”
“Me neither.  I try my best to avoid individuals like her.”
“Me too.”

An hour later, the people are inside the courtroom.  Diane D, her family and relatives including Dana's family, Michael, Tony, Teresa, Joseph, Officer Cooper’s family and Officer Martinez’s family sit in the audience in the middle of the courtroom.
Dana sits in the front of the courtroom with two of her lawyers.  Prosecutor Jacob Blair, a male white around his late forties with dark hair, stands up and says, “I would like to call the defendant to the stand.”  Everyone in the courtroom looks at Dana as Dana stands.  Dana turns and walks to the front of the courtroom towards the stand.
Dana approaches the stand.  She then turns and faces Jacob Blair.  
Jacob Blair tells Dana, “Raise your right hand please.”  Dana raises her right hand as Jacob Blair says to her, “State your full name please.”
“Dana Jean Brown,” Dana says.
“Okay Miss Dana Jean Brown, do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help me God?”
“Yes.”
“Sit down please.”
Dana sits down in the stand.
“Okay Miss Brown, did you and the rest of your family attack and beat up newspaper reporter Felix Green outside of a Catering Hall on the evening of September seventeenth?”
“Yes we did.”
“Why did you and the rest of your family attack and beat up newspaper reporter Felix Green?”
“He called my cousin a dirty name that we didn’t appreciate.”
“He called your cousin a dirty name?!”
“Yeah and he threatened to expose her in the newspaper.”
“Your cousin Diane D, right?”
“Right.”
“You and your family didn’t appreciate what Felix Green called your cousin Diane D and you didn‘t like the idea of him threatening to expose her in the newspaper.”
“No we didn’t.”
Diane D sits slightly sideways leaning against Michael with his arms wrapped around her waist as she firmly looks towards Dana and Jacob Blair.  Her family looks towards her and pats her on the shoulder as they look back towards Dana and Jacob Blair.
Jacob Blair continues, “What dirty name did Felix Green call, your cousin Diane D?”
“He called her a ‘crack head‘,” Dana says.
“He called your cousin Diane D a ‘crack head‘?”
“Yes he did.”
“And what did Felix Green threaten to expose your cousin Diane D with?”
“He threatened to lie and expose about her using drugs and she doesn’t.”
“I see.  Being that Felix Green called your cousin Diane D a crack head and threatened to attack her about her alleged drug use in the newspaper, you and your family felt you all had every right to attack HIM, didn't you?”
“Yes we did.”
“Did you chase newspaper reporter Felix Green down the highway after you and your family attacked him?”
“No I didn‘t.”
“Well the police spotted a dark blue vehicle and Felix Green's vehicle racing down the highway going at a hundred miles an hour!  Did you shoot at Felix Green’s vehicle as you two were speeding down the highway?”
“No.”
“Well there is a bullet hole and a shattered window in his car to prove it!  Why did you attack and beat up the two female police officers that pulled you over that same evening, Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez?  Why did you attack them?!  Did they call your cousin Diane D a dirty name and threatened to expose her in the newspaper too?”
“No.”
“Then why did you attack them?”
“Because they putted their hands on me!”
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“What!” Jacob Blair says.  “Because they putted their hands on you?!  They putted their hands on you because they felt that you were armed and needed to frisk you!   They had a right to put their hands on you if they're going to frisk you!  Felix Green stated to the police that you shot at his vehicle three times as you two were speeding down the highway!  The two female police officers had a call on their police radio to look out for a dark blue car that might have been involved in a speeding and shooting on the highway!  Not long after that, the two female officers spotted a dark blue car that looked suspicious!  They figured that dark blue car might be the car involved in the speeding and shooting on the highway, that’s when they decided to pull that dark blue car over!  When they pulled that dark blue car over, they spotted you alone in the driver’s seat, so they figured you had to be armed!  When the female officers had you step out of the car, they searched your vehicle!  They didn't find any weapons inside your vehicle, so they figured the weapon had to be on you, that's why they felt they had to search and frisk you!  Soon as they started to do that, you went on the attack and beat the crap out of them!”
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“Why did you do that?”
“Because they putted their hands on me!” Dana says.
“They putted their hands on you, so what!  You beat those two women up so bad they couldn't be here today!  They became physically and emotionally scarred by what you did to them!  You caused Officer Janice Cooper to miscarry her unborn baby!”
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“Her inside organs might be damaged for life!  She might not ever be able to have children in the future because of what you did to her!  How do you feel about that?!  How do you feel that you caused Officer Janice Cooper to lose her unborn baby?!”
“I have no comment about that,” Dana says.
“You have no comment about that?!  What do you mean you have no comment about that?!  Don’t you have any kind of remorse for the unborn child whose life was lost?!”
“I have no comment.”
“But Miss Dana Brown, you killed an unborn baby!  A baby that would have been born in several months!  Because you attacked its mother, the child is not going to be born!  Now Officer Janice Cooper and her husband have to donate and give away all the baby stuff that they had bought for the baby!”
The entire courtroom gasps again.
“Officer Cooper’s family, friends and relatives were all planning to throw a baby shower for her several months from now, but now they have to cancel that baby shower!”
The entire courtroom gasps again.
“They had already put a down payment on the catering hall that they were going to rent for the baby shower!  Officer Cooper and her husband had remodeled one of the rooms in their house into a nursery when they found out they were having a child!  Now since their child is not going to come, they have to make that nursery room back into what it use to be!”
The entire courtroom gasps again.
“It would be nice if they could keep the room a nursery, for future babies, but that might not happen!  Because of you, Officer Cooper might not be able to have any children at all in the future!  You killed her chance of ever becoming a mother!”
The entire courtroom gasps again.
“Did you know that Officer Janice Cooper was pregnant when you decided to beat the crap out of her and then beat the crap out of Officer Liz Martinez?!  Did you know that any of the female officers was pregnant?!”
“No!” Dana shouts.  “What the hell do you think I am, the pregnant inspection police?  I am not gonna look at anybody to see or inspect whether or not they’re pregnant!”
“So in other words, you wouldn’t care if they were pregnant or not if you decide to go on the attack and beat the crap out of them?!”
“If they come up to me first and decide to mess with me, I’m just gonna defend myself against them, that‘s it, no questions asked!”
“But Miss Brown, you didn’t have to defend yourself against Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez!  They didn’t come up to you to harm you!  They were only doing their job when they came up to you because they felt that you were involved in the speeding and shooting on the highway!  They thought you might be armed and needed to frisk you!  Once you found out that Officer Janice Cooper lost her unborn child as a result of your attack on her, did you have any remorse about that at all?!”
“I told you, I have no comment about that!” 
“No comment at all?!”
“No comment!  Next question please!”
The entire courtroom gasps seeing Dana‘s unremorseful behavior.  
“Well Miss Dana Brown,” Jacob Blair says.  “Since you’re not the least bit remorseful of an unborn child whose life YOU took, are you at least remorseful for what you did to Officer Liz Martinez?  You caused her to be shot!  You used her as a human shield when you threw her right in harm's way of a bullet that was meant for YOU!”  
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“You caused the bullet to hit Officer Liz Martinez right in her spine, now she is paralyzed!  She lost the use of her legs!  She‘s not going to be able to walk again!  She is going to be in a wheel chair for the rest of her life!”  
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“Officer Liz Martinez is now permanently disabled because what you did to her!   How can you just throw somebody in front of a Live bullet?!”
“It was either me, or her!” Dana shouts.  “I chose her!”  
The entire courtroom gasps at Dana‘s harsh statement.  
“How can you be so heartless Miss Brown?!” Jacob Blair says.  
“What do you mean how can I be so heartless?!” Dana shouts.  “What the hell you expect me to do, throw myself in front of the bullet?!”
“No!  How about not throwing ANYBODY in front of the bullet at all!  You could have thrown both yourself and Officer Liz Martinez to the side away from the bullet, but instead, you threw Officer Liz Martinez right to the bullet and threw yourself to the side!  Now Officer Liz Martinez and Officer Janice Cooper are both quitting and retiring early from the police force on a kind of YOU!  You caused bodily injury on three and a half different people, all in one evening!”   
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“You did not have to attack reporter Felix Green, you did not have to attack Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez and you did not have to kill Officer Janice Cooper‘s unborn baby!  Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez weren't trying to harm you when they first pulled you over!  They didn’t call your cousin Diane D a dirty name and they were not planning to expose her in the newspaper!  Why did you have to beat THEM up?!”
“Because they putted their hands on me!” Dana shouts.
“I just told you why Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez had to put their hands on you!  I just told you why!  You know you really need to respect authority!”
“And the authority needs to respect me!”
“Oh yeah?!  How did they not respect you?!”
“They putted their hands on me!”
“Why is it so important to you that Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez not touch you?!  Why were you so against them frisking you?!  Were you afraid of what they might feel or find?!  Were you afraid that they might feel or find a gun on you?!”  
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“You probably did have a gun on you, that’s probably why you were so against them frisking you!  You probably wanted to make sure that Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez didn’t feel or find a gun on you, so you went on the attack and beat the crap out of them before they can ever get the chance to do that!”  
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“You know Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez told investigators, that when they first tried to pull you over, you didn’t stop right away.  They claim they kept telling you over and over again to pull over, but you did not stop.  They claimed you kept driving and driving refusing to pull over!  They said you did not pull over at all until you reached an isolated area.  An area where no one else was around and where no one else can see you!”  
“Ooooh,” the audience says.  
“They said it was like you lured them to this isolated area where there were no witnesses around!”
“Ooooh,” the audience says.  
“They said after they first came out of their police car to approach your vehicle, you suddenly drove and moved your vehicle over to the left.  They said they didn’t know why at first.  Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez now believe, that when they first tried to pull you over, right away you started planning in your head, to lure them to an isolated area where there weren’t any witnesses around, that way you can beat the crap out of them before they can ever get the chance to frisk you and find a gun on you!”  
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez now believe that’s why you really beat them up and left them for dead, to prevent them from identifying you!  They now believe that’s why you suddenly drove and moved your vehicle over to the left when they were about to approach your vehicle, to get out of the view of the police dashboard camera so you won‘t be seen and identified on video beating the crap out of them!”
“Ohh shoot,” the audience gasps.
“They now believe that you deliberately left your keys inside the ignition when you first stepped out of the car, that way once you finish beating the crap out of them, you can leave them for dead, then you can just run and jump right back into your vehicle and quickly start up the engine to make a quick getaway!”  
The entire courtroom gasps.  
“Isn’t that true Miss Brown?  Isn’t that why you really beat up Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez, to keep them from feeling and finding a gun on you?!  Isn’t that why you left Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez for dead, to keep them from identifying you?!  Isn’t that why you suddenly drove and moved your vehicle over to the left when Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez were about to approach your vehicle, so you won‘t be seen and identified on police dashboard camera beating the crap out of them?!”
“No that is not why either!”
“Then why on earth did you beat Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez up and leave them for dead?!”
“Because they putted their hands on me, that‘s why!”
Jacob Blair angrily stares at Dana.  He then throws his arms up in the air and turns to the judge shouting, “Judge, I give up on this one!  No more questions!”  Jacob Blair angrily turns away and walks back to his seat. 
The judge, an older white male with salt and pepper hair turns to Dana and says, “You may step down ma'am.”
Dana stands up and steps down from the witness stand.  She goes back to her lawyers and takes a seat. 

A half hour later, the judge says, “Will the lawyers stand please.”  Dana's lawyers stand.  The judge them tells them, “The defendant is found guilty on three assault charges and permanent bodily injury for three persons!  Newspaper reporter Felix Green, Officer Janice Cooper and Officer Liz Martinez!  The defendant will spend three years in prison!”  The entire courtroom screams and becomes shocked!  The judge then says, “Three years in prison will include the two months time served the defendant had in jail!  Plus the heavy fine her family has to pay for Janice Cooper, Liza Martinez and Felix Green's medical expenses!”  The entire courtroom screams and becomes shocked!  
Liz Martinez's husband and family members stand as Mr. Martinez shouts to the judge, “That's all she gets is three years in prison?!”  Everyone in the courtroom look on at Mr. Martinez as he shouts, “She caused my wife to be paralyzed for life!  She killed Officer Cooper's unborn child and beat up a reporter!  She chased the reporter down the highway and shot at his vehicle three times and that's all she gets is three years confinement!  She is a danger to society and she is a danger to authorities as well!  She is a violent person!  I don’t think the public is safe as long as she’s around!  You should lock her up and throw away the key!”
“I charged her family a heavy fine for your wife's medical needs Mr. Martinez!  We will do everything possible to help your wife and the rest of your family!”  Mr. Martinez and the rest of his family start to cry and become very upset.  The entire courtroom is emotionally upset.  
Diane D becomes frustrated as she, Tony and Diane D's family and relatives desperately try to hurry to Dana.  The court officers hold them back.  Diane D gets more upset and shouts to the officers, “Get your fuckin hands off me!”
“You can't go up there!” one of the male officers tell Diane D.
“Just move the hell out of my way!  I want to go to my cousin if you don't mind!”
“I do mind ma'am!  None of you are allowed up there!”
Diane D shoves the officers aside as she, Tony and her entire family desperately try to get to Dana.  “Dana!” Diane D, Tony and Dana’s family shout.  “Dana!”
“Diane, I want you all to get back here!” Margarita shouts as she Mary, Barry and rest of the family try to get Diane D. 
Dana sits there in the front of the courtroom looking towards the back at Diane D.  She then turns and faces the front of the courtroom showing no emotions.

The next day, several people are in the street holding and reading a newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA IS SENTENCED TO THREE YEARS IN PRISON FOR THE THREE ASSAULT CHARGES ON REPORTER FELIX GREEN AND FEMALE OFFICERS JANICE COOPER AND LIZ MARTINEZ!:  “Wow,” one of the women says.  “Diane D’s cousin Dana assaulted, attacked and beat up three different people all in one evening and that’s all she gets is three years in prison?  It’s like she got a year for each victim.”
“I know,” one of the men say.  “She probably took a plea bargain or got hell of a good lawyers to serve only that little amount of time in prison.”  The people continue to look at the article. 

The next day, Diane D sits behind the desk in one of the organization offices angrily typing away on the computer as Michael sits on a chair besides her.  Margarita and Tomas enter the office.  Diane D stops typing and turns towards her grandparents as they approach her and Michael.  “Hey Michael,” Margarita says.
“Hey Grandma,” Michael says.
“How you feeling Diane?”
“Not too good Grandma,” Diane D says.
“You're still thinking about Dana aren't you?” Tomas says.
“Of course I am Grandpa.”
“Dana will be home before you know it.  She'll be back soon.”
“See?” Margarita says.  “Now you see why we wanted to keep this information from Dana that day at the Catering Hall when we first heard and found out that Felix Green wanted to expose you in the newspaper, because look what happened.  Dana goes and confronts Felix Green.  He decides to challenge her, then he winds up getting beat up then shot at three times on the highway, two female officers get beat up and injured for life and have to leave the police force, an unborn baby will never get to be born and Dana is now being sent to prison.  This is why we were so desperate not to let Dana find out that Felix Green was planning to expose you in the newspaper.”
“I understand that Grandma,” Diane D says, “but I wasn’t the one who told Dana about Felix Green.  It was Mickey who told her.  He told Dana about Felix Green before anybody can get the chance to stop him.  He said he felt she had the right to know about it because Felix Green not only threatened to expose me in the newspaper, he threatened to expose Dana too claiming that she and I both use drugs!  If Felix Green would have expose me and Dana in the newspaper, Dana would have saw and read about it in the newspaper anyway.”
“I know.  All I got to say, is that this whole situation came out horrible.”
“It sure did,” Michael says.
“Well anyway, we have a show in four weeks.  You think you'll be able to perform then Diane?”
“I don’t know Grandma,” Diane D says.  “My mind is still on Dana right now.”
“I understand Diane.  I understand.  You don’t have to participate in the next show if you’re not up to it.  You can skip the next show and wait for the one after it.”
“Can I Grandma?   I mean can I take a break from doing any show for a couple of months and just work here in the office, because I don't really know if I'm up to singing and dancing for anybody for a while.”
“Okay Diane, whatever you feel.  I just want to make sure that you’re alright.”
“Yeah I’m alright Grandma.  I just need a break from the crowd for now.”
“Okay Diane, you got it.  Your feelings are more important.”
“Thanks Grandma.”
“Come on downstairs Diane and Michael,” Tomas says.  “Everybody wants you two to come join them.”
“Okay,” Michael says.  Diane D stops working on the computer.  She and Michael get up from their chairs.  Margarita and Tomas smile at Diane D and Michael as they take Diane D and Michael away and head towards the doorway.

One month later, the theater lobby is packed full of excited people!  There are large posters and large signs that read: THE DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION PRESENTS: NICOLAS AND MICKEY DAVIDSON, MICHAEL AND THE DAVIDSON BAND, THE DAVIDSON CHOIR AND MANY MORE!  The people are all excited as they read the posters and signs!  Four teenage girls and two teenage boys read the posters and signs and turn to each other as one of the teenage boys says, “Hey.  I don’t see Diane D and The Dianettes’ name up here.  How come they’re names are not up here?”
“I heard Diane D and the Dianettes aren’t performing tonight,” the other teenage boy says.
“They’re not?  Why not?”
“I heard Diane D wanted to take a break from performing for a while.”
“Diane D wants to take a break from performing?  How come?”
“Ever since that incident that happened between her cousin Dana and that reporter Felix Green and those two female police officers, she’s not up to performing for a while.”
“No?”
“No.”
“My God.  I guess I can’t blame her.  Well what about the Dianettes?  Are they still going to perform?”
“I usually don’t see the Dianettes performing without Diane D, it‘s very rare.  If there’s no Diane D, then most likely, there will be no Dianettes either.”
“Wow, so you know when Diane D is going to perform again?”
“I don’t know.  I hope soon, that way we can see her and the Dianettes again.”
“Yeah, I want to see her and the Dianettes too.”
The crowd continues to look at the signs and posters.  

Two hours later, the theater is packed full of excited people!  There are a lot of people holding large banners and large signs high in the air.  Some banners and signs read: 'NICOLAS AND MICKEY DAVIDSON' with very large bold letters printed on them while other banners and signs read: 'DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' THE SUPER SEVEN' with very large bold letters.  Other banners and signs read: 'MICHAEL AND THE DAVIDSON BAND'.  An announcer comes up on stage.  He speaks into the microphone and says, “Alright ladies and gentlemen, give it up one more time for the Diaz-Davidson brothers, Nicolas and Mickey Diaz-Davidson!”  The crowd claps and cheers!  “Okay, the next performance is about to come out!”  The crowd cheers more as the announcer shouts, “Ladies and gentlemen, The Diaz-Davidson Organization presents Michael and The Diaz-Davidson Band!”  The crowd cheers and screams as music starts to play.   Michael and The Diaz-Davidson Band appear on the stage and start to play music.















Chapter 8

Dana’s Home Coming


It is a year later.  Teresa is looking in the mirror fixing her clothes.  The telephone rings.  Teresa goes to the telephone and picks up the receiver.  She speaks into it and says, “Hello?”
“Hey Teresa!” Diane D says.
“What's up Diane?!  How's it going?!”
“I got great news Teresa!”
“You do?!  Well what is it?!”
“They're gonna let Dana out of prison!”
“They're gonna let Dana out of prison?!  What do you mean they're gonna let her out of prison?  She hasn't finished serving her sentence yet!”
“I know!  They're gonna let her out early!”
“They're gonna let her out early?”
“Yeah!  She’s gonna be on parole.”
“Dana’s gonna be on parole?”
“Yeah!”
“That’s great Diane!  That’s real great!”
“I know!  My grandparents got a call from the lawyers and said the judge is gonna release Dana from prison due to overcrowding!”
“Due to overcrowding?!  Oh really?”
“Yeah!”
“Oh that's wonderful Diane!  I'm so excited to hear about this!  Does Tony knows about this yet?”
“Yeah he already knows about it!  My family called him up as soon as we got the news!  He got so excited he couldn't control himself!”
“I bet he couldn't!  So when is Dana coming home?!”
“They're gonna let her out by next week.”
“Next week?”
“Yeah.  The prison got to get all the paper work together.  They're gonna call my family back the day before Dana is released then my family's gonna pick her up as soon as they bring her from Upstate.”
“Oh that's great Diane!  I'm so happy to hear this!  We gotto make sure Dana doesn't get into anymore trouble again!”
“I know.  Listen Teresa, Michael and I are getting ready to head to the organization.  I'll catch you later on this evening.”
“Okay Diane!  I'll see you then!  By!”  Teresa hangs up the telephone.  She turns towards the doorway and shouts, “Hey Joseph!  I got great news!”  Teresa hurries towards the doorway and heads out into the hallway.

The following week, Diane D, Michael, Tony and Diane D's entire family and relatives, including Dana's parents, family and relatives from Jamaica are at Gracy and Mike’s house excitingly surrounding Dana as Dana sits there in a chair with a can of beer in her hand.  “Nice to have you home again Dana!” Gracy says. 
“Thanks Grandma,” Dana says.
“We all got something special for you Dana!” Christine says.
“Yeah Dana!” Diane D says.  “We're gonna celebrate your homecoming tonight!”
“Homecoming?” Dana says.
“Yeah!”
“We're gonna call up Teresa and Joseph later on so they can be here for the celebration too!” Tony says.
“Come on Dana,” Christine says.  “Let's get you out of these prison clothes and put different clothes on you.”  Christine, Diane D and the rest of her family excitingly take Dana out of the chair and take her away upstairs.


































Chapter 9

Controversy At The Dance Studio


One evening, five young adults in the street are reading a flyer.  One of the men turns to the others and says, “Wow, the Diaz-Davidson Organization is giving another show next month.”
“Yeah I already saw that flyer yesterday,” a woman says.  “My husband wants to see their show.  We're both planning to see their show.  We're going to purchase tickets tomorrow.  We're bringing his parents to the show with us and we're bringing the kids.”
“Oh yeah?  I want to see their show too.  My girlfriend keeps begging me to let's go see it.”
“My family is planning to see their show too,” a second man says.
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”  The people continue to read the flyer.

A month later inside a concert hall, a couple of thousand excited people are standing facing the stage.  Young adults and older adults of all ethnic groups are cheering as they face the stage.  A male announcer comes out on the stage.  He speaks into the microphone and shouts, “Ladies and gentlemen!  The next performers are about to come out!”  The crowd screams and cheers as the announcer shouts, “Ladies and gentlemen.....Here are Diane D and The Dianettes!”  The crowd screams and cheers more as music starts to play.  Diane D and the Dianettes come out on stage.  Diane D and the Dianettes line up across the stage in a straight line as Diane D stands to the far right and twelve inches towards the front.  Diane D starts to sing, “I want to know where aaall the people gooo.”
“People gooo,” the Dianettes sing chorus.
“I want to know where aaall the people go.”
“People gooo yeah.”
“I want to know how city people flooow.”
“People flooow.”
“I want to know how city people flow.”
“People flow.”
“I spent all of my life here, I would like to get out of here.”
“I want to know what city people.”
“People dooo yeah.”
“All my life I’ve been trying, been trying to get out of here.”
“I want to know what city people.”
“People do.”
Diane D and The Dianettes finish their performance.  As they end their performance, they moon walk backwards in a straight line.  They wave to the crowd and dance they're way off the stage.  The crowd stands and cheers.

Two days later, Diane D, the Dianettes, Michael, Margarita, Tomas, Mary, Barry, Tonio and Marilyn walk down the corridor of the dance studio with Gordon again.  Diane D and the Dianettes are all dressed in identical dark purple dance body shirts and matching purple leggings.  Gordon turns to Diane D and the Dianettes and says, “Now ladies, I want you all to meet some wonderful well known singers who want to meet you all.”
“Well known singers?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah. They're a singing group too.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, where are they?”
“Right here.”  Gordon turns his head forward and shouts, “Okay ladies!”
Six beautiful young ladies, two blacks, two whites, one Latino and one Asian, all dressed in identical green dance shirts and green leggings, excitingly come from down the other end of the hallway.  They run right towards Gordon, Diane D, the Dianettes and Diane D's family.   
The six young ladies approach Gordon, Diane D, the Dianettes and Diane D's family.  Diane D, the Dianettes and Diane D's family are stunned.  They become shocked and excited as Diane D shouts, “Oh my God, it's the Punky Gurlz!”
“Diane D!” the Punky Gurlz shout.  “Dianettes!”
“Nice to meet you all!” Punky Gurl 1, a beautiful black woman, shouts.
“We always wanted to get a chance to meet you all!” Punky Gurl 2, a white woman, shouts.
“Well what are you all doing here?!” Diane D asks.  
“Well we're staying in town to do a few Punky Gurlz shows!” Punky Gurl 3, the other black woman, says.
“Punky Gurlz shows?!  Really?!”
“Yeah!  We‘re here at this dance studio to practice and rehearse some dance moves for our concert.”
“You are?”
“Yeah!”
“Wow Diane D,” Punky Gurl 4, the Hispanic woman, says.  “You look a lot like Alissa.”
“Alissa?” Diane D asks.  “Who's that?”
“Diane D, the Punky Gurlz would also like to collaborate with you and the Dianettes at your next performance!” Gordon says. 
“Really?!  Collaborate?!  Y'all want to collaborate with me and the girls?!  At our next performance?!  You're kidding!  My God I can't believe it!  The Punky Gurlz want to collaborate with us!  That sounds like a great idea!”  The Dianettes stop smiling.  They puzzled look at Diane D.  They then look at each other.  They look back at Diane D and the Punky Gurlz as Diane D goes on and says, “Us and the Punky Gurlz collaborating on stage together?!  That would be wonderful!  Well y'all can join us for our next performance in a few weeks!”  Diane D continues to chat with the Punky Gurlz.
The Dianettes puzzled look at Diane D.  They then look at each other again as Kelly whispers, “What’s she doing?!”  The Dianettes puzzled look back at Diane D.
Diane D continues to talk to the Punky Gurlz and tells them, “Y'all just in time to join us for practice because the girls and I are just about to rehearse!  What do y'all say to that?  Y‘all want to practice with us?”
“Sure we would like to practice with you all Diane D,” Punky Gurl 1 says.
“That's fine with us!” Punky Gurl 2 says.
“Good,” Diane D excitingly says.  “I just invented some new dance steps for our performance!  Y'all just in time to learn it!  Oooh wait till y'all see it!  You are going to love it!  Can any of you tap dance?”
“No we can't tap dance at all Diane D,” Punky Gurl 5, the second white woman says.
“No?”
“No.”
“Well what about ballet, can any of you do ballet?”
“No,” Punky Gurl 6, the Asian woman says. “We can't do that either.” 
“Well that's alright, I'll think of something we all can do together.”
“And think of something that is easy for all of us to do Diane D,” Punky Gurl 3 says, “because that twisting, turning, jumping, flipping and sliding moves you and the Dianettes be doing seem real complicated for us, I mean, we’re not acrobats like you all are.”  The rest of the Punky Gurlz laugh a little.
“Oh don’t worry.  I won’t have you do more than you can handle.  Anyway, it is so cool that you all want to work with us!”  Diane D excitingly continues to chat with the Punky Gurlz.  
The Dianettes puzzled look at each other again.  Nancy then whispers, “I'll take care of it.”  Nancy comes from behind the rest of the Dianettes.  She approaches Diane D.  
Diane D turns and smiles to the Dianettes and says to them, “Well what do y'all think girls?  Us and the Punky Gurlz collaborating on stage!”  Diane D turns back to the Punky Gurlz and continues to chat with them.
“Um, Diane?” Nancy says.  Diane D stops chatting and turns her head to Nancy as Nancy says, “Can we like take a vote on this?”  Diane D, her family, Gordon and the Punky Gurlz puzzled look at Nancy and the rest of the Dianettes.
Diane D places one hand on her hip as she puzzled looks at Nancy and says, “A vote?”
“That’s right, a vote.”
“Yeah,” the rest of the Dianettes say.
Everyone puzzled looks at the Dianettes as Michael says, “What's there to vote about?!  These are the Punky Gurlz!”
“We know that Michael,” Nancy says.  “But can we still take a vote on it?”  Everybody puzzled looks at Nancy and the rest of the Dianettes again.
Diane D then says, “I don't know. I guess a vote won't hurt.”  Diane D turns to parents and grandparents and says, “What do you say Mom, Dad, Grandma, Grandpa,?  Should we vote on it?”
“Well,” Barry says.  “I guess it's only fair.” 
“Sure Diane,” Margarita says.  “You all take a vote on it.”
“Yeah,” Gordon says.  “Why don't you girls go down the hall into the back room and vote on it while the rest of us wait here.”
“Okay.”  Diane D and the Dianettes turn and walk down the hallway.
Gordon, the Punky Gurlz and Diane D‘s family stand there and wait, looking on as Diane D and the Dianettes walk down the hallway and head towards the backroom.  
Diane D and the Dianettes reach the backroom.  They go into the back room and shut the door behind themselves.

Inside the backroom, the Dianettes head towards the back of the room as Diane D follows behind them.  They stop and form a circle as Lonna sits up on a stool.  Diane D then says to them, “So what do you say girls?  How about collaborating with the Punky Gurlz at our next show?  I vote yes.  How 'bout you guys?”
“Diane where're the dancers from Africa?” Lonna asks.
“Lonna, you still thinking about the dancers from Africa?”
“I sure am.”
“Yeah Diane,” Miranda says.  “We thought the dancers from Africa were gonna dance with us at our next show.”
“They were,” Diane D says, “but are the dancers from Africa the only people y'all want to collaborate with?”
“Yes they are Diane,” Bernice says.  “We were hoping to dance with them again.”
“Girls what difference does it make who collaborates with us?  The Punky Gurlz want to collaborate with us.  That should tell us something.  I'll tell y'all what.  Since my vote is already yes, why don't I leave you all alone for a minute so y'all can have a little time to think before you vote.  The majority vote rules.  I'm gonna go back out in the hallway while you all vote, then I’m gonna come back in here.”  Diane D turns away from the Dianettes and excitingly walks towards the door.  
Diane D approaches the door.  She turns her head around towards the Dianettes and smiles to them saying, “Now remember girls!”  
The Dianettes look away from each other towards Diane D.  
“The majority vote rules!”  Diane D smiles and turns her head back forward as she opens the door and leaves the room with the door closing behind her.

Diane D runs a little down the hallway and excitedly approaches Gordon, her family and the Punky Gurlz and tells them, “Well the girls are voting right now.  I already voted yes.”
“Diane D why do the Dianettes have to take a vote on this?” Gordon asks.
“Yeah,” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “We thought the Dianettes would love to collaborate with us.”
“Yeah, I thought so too.”
“Well I guess this idea just came on so sudden to them,” Diane D says.  “But I'm sure they'll come around to it and vote yes like I did.  So Punky Gurlz, how long have you guys been in town?”
“We've been in town for a month,” Punky Gurl 1 says.
“Yeah,” Punky Gurl 2 says.  “We just want to have a few concerts.” 
“Wow that's good y'all doing a concert,” Diane D says.  “That's great to hear.  Well let me go check on the girls and see how the vote is coming along.  I'll be back.”  Diane D excitedly turns away from them all and heads back down the hallway towards the back room as everyone else look on.  
Diane D enters the backroom and shuts the door behind herself.

A few minutes later, the Punky Gurlz, Gordon and Diane D's family are talking and chit-chatting with each other.  They suddenly hear the back room door open then close.  They turn their heads to look.  They see Diane D slowly and disappointedly walking down the hallway heading towards them.  They all look at her.  “You don't seem too happy Diane,” Margarita says.  “The girls voted no didn't they?”
“Yeah, they did,” Diane D says.
“All of them?” Mary ask.
“Yeah Mom, all of them.”
Diane D approaches her family, the Punky Gurlz and Gordon and says, “I told the girls that the majority vote rules and that was the majority vote.  Their six no's to my one yes.”
“Why don't the Dianettes want to collaborate with us Diane D?” Punky Gurl 3 asks.
“Yeah,” Gordon says.  “Being that the Dianettes didn't want to collaborate with the dancers from the Norton Dance School, I was sure they would want to collaborate with the Punky Gurlz.”
“Yeah, me too,” Diane D says.  “But they want to collaborate with the dancers from Africa.”
“What!” Tomas shouts.  “They still have their minds set on those dancers from Africa?”
“Yeah Grandpa.  So far the dancers from Africa seem to be the only ones the girls want to collaborate with.”
“I'm sorry Diane D,” Gordon says.  “I know you were looking forward to collaborating with the Punky Gurlz.”
“Hey!” Punky Gurl 1 shouts.  “I have an idea!  Diane D, since the Dianettes don't want us to perform on your show, maybe you all can perform at our concert in Paris next month and y'all can be an opening act for us!”
“What!” Diane D excitingly shouts.  “Me and the girls perform in Paris and be an opening act for you guys?!”
“Yeah Diane D!” Punky Gurl 2 shouts.  “What do you say to that?!”
“Like Tony the Tiger, that sounds grrreat!  I would love that!  Oh my God, me and the girls performing with you all in Paris!   I can't believe this!  Let me go tell the girls!  I know they would really be excited about this!”  Diane D excitedly turns away from them all and heads back down the hallway towards the back office as everyone looks on at her.  
Diane D soon enters the back office and shuts the door behind herself.

A few minutes later, Diane D's family, Gordon and the Punky Gurlz stand around talking.  They suddenly hear the back door open then close.  They all turn and look.  They see Diane D slowly and disappointingly heading towards them again.  “Oh no Diane,” Margarita says.  “They voted no to this too?”
“Yeah Grandma, they did!” Diane D says.  “Six to one again!”
“What!” Punky Gurl 2 says.  “They still don't like the idea of collaborating with us?  Not even in Paris?”
“No.”
“You know I don't understand the girls,” Margarita says.
“Me neither,” Mary says.  “Why don't they want to collaborate with the Punky Gurlz Diane?”
“They said they don‘t need the Punky Gurlz in order for them to go to Paris or anywhere else,” Diane D says.  “They also said they're just not interested in sharing the stage with any other singing groups.”
“What?  Not interested in sharing the stage with any other singing groups?  Diane you and the girls shared the stage and collaborate with several singing groups before!”
“Yeah,” Barry says.  “Y'all shared a stage with that singing group from Philadelphia a few years ago.  Y'all also shared the stage with that other singing group in Florida and several other singing groups in the churches!  Why is it different now?!”
“They were all guy groups Dad!” Diane D says.
“Guy groups?” everyone puzzled asks.
“What are you saying Diane?” Margarita asks.
“I’m saying that the girls are just not interested in sharing the stage with any other female singer or female singing groups period!” Diane D says.
“What?” everybody else says. 
“Any other female singer or female singing groups?!” Tomas asks.
“That's what they just said,” Diane D says.
“You know I'm gonna have a talk with those girls and straighten them out!” Mary says.  Mary is about to walk away towards the back room.
Diane D grabs Mary, stops her and says, “No Mom, their minds are already made up.  What's the use?”
“We're sorry Diane D,” Punky Gurl 5 says.  Diane D and Mary sadly look at Punky Gurl 5.  
“Hey!” Punky Gurl 1 shouts.  “I have another idea!  Diane D, since we invited you and the Dianettes to perform at our concert in Paris, and the Dianettes don't want to come and participate, and since you're the only one who doesn't mind sharing the stage with us, then maybe just YOU can come along to Paris and perform with us?”
“Yeah how about that!” the rest of the Punky Gurlz say.
“What do you say to that Diane D?!” Punky Gurl 3 says.
“You mean just ME come?!” Diane D says.
“Yeah!” the Punky Gurlz say.
“Oh boy, I would love that!  Sure I'll come along!  My God!”  Diane D turns to her family and says, “What do y'all say to that Mom, Dad, Grandma, Grandpa, Michael?!  Should I perform at the Punky Gurlz' next concert in Paris?!”
Diane D’s family look at each other, then back at Diane D as Barry says, “Well, I don't see why not.”
“I don't see why not either,” Mary says.
“Go for it Diane,” Margarita says.
“My God that's great!” Diane D shouts.  She turns back to the Punky Gurlz and says, “Oh boy, me being in Paris again, performing on stage with the Punky Gurlz!  I can't believe it!  I can't believe it's going to happen!”  Diane D excitingly paces back and forth and says, “Oh my God, what should I wear?!”  She stops pacing and says, “Oh never mind what should I wear, when should I start packing?!  Oh my goodness, this is so wonderful, it's so unbelievable!  Let me go tell the girls!”  Diane D excitedly turns away from them all and heads back down the hallway towards the back room!
“Wait Diane D!” Punky Gurl 1 shouts.  Diane D stops and turns around towards the Punky Gurlz as Punky Gurl 1 tells her, “We'll come with you!”  The Punky Gurlz run towards Diane D and catch up to her.  
Diane D turns back forward as she and the Punky Gurlz happily have their arms wrapped around each others’ shoulders then smile, skip and sing as they excitingly go off towards the back room.  
Diane D's family, Michael and Gordon smile looking on at them.  
Diane D and the Punky Gurlz reach the back room.  They enter the back room and shut the door behind themselves.  
Diane D's family, Michael and Gordon look at each other smiling as Tomas says, “Well, I guess the girls are gonna change their minds once they realize that Diane is gonna perform with the Punky Gurlz in Paris anyway.”
“Right,” Michael says.  “I bet now the girls are gonna want to go to Paris.”
‘Yeah,” Barry says. “Especially when they realize that Diane is gonna go to Paris with, or without them.”
“Yeah I guess so too,” Mary smiles and says.
“So do I,” Gordon smiles and says.  They all start to laugh as Gordon says, “Come on.  Let's go get some coffee.”  They all turn and start to walk the opposite way towards the other end of the hall as they continue to laugh.
“What!” a voice suddenly shouts from the back room.  Diane D’s family and Gordon shockingly stop in their tracks.  They all look at each other stunned as the voice shouts, “Y'all fuckin bitches!”  Diane D’s family and Gordon shockingly turn their heads and look down the hall towards the back room as another voice shouts, “Y'all got some goddamn nerve!”  Diane D’s family, Michael and Gordon turn and hurry down the hallway towards the back room!  
Diane D’s family and Gordon reach the back room door and open it.

Diane D's family, Michael and Gordon enter the back room and become shock and stunned to see the Dianettes and the Punky Gurlz going at each other, hollering, shouting and pointing fingers at each other as the Dianettes shout, “Who the hell y'all think y‘all are, trying to take Diane away from us?!”  Diane D stands in front of the Dianettes facing the Punky Gurlz with her arms spread out in front of Dianettes keeping them from going forward towards the Punky Gurlz as she tries to break up the commotion!  
Diane D's family and Gordon approach the women and try to break up the commotion as Barry shouts, “What the hell is going on here?!”
Miranda angrily points her finger at the Punky Gurlz and shouts, “Diane is not gonna perform with you guys in Paris!”
“That’s right!” Bernice shouts.  “She's not gonna perform anywhere with you guys!”
“That's right!” Nancy shouts.  “So you all can just forget it!”
“Cause it AIN’T gonna happen!” Lonna shouts.
“No?!” Punky Gurl 3 says.  “Why not?!  Y'all don't want to come be in our show!”
“No we don't want to be in your show!” Kelly shouts.
“So you don't have to then!”
“We're not!” Charlotte says.
“Fine!” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “Then just Diane D will be there!”
“No she isn't!” the Dianettes shout.  
“Diane is not gonna be in your show either!” Miranda shouts.
“Yes she is!” the Punky Gurlz shout.
“No she isn’t!” the Dianettes shout.
“Yes she is!” the Punky Gurlz shout.
“She just said she would!” Punky Gurl 5 says.
“No she isn't!” the Dianettes shout.
“Diane is not going to be in your show, that's it!” Nancy shouts.
“Oh yes she is!” the Punky Gurlz shout.
“No she isn't!” the Dianettes shout.
“You want a singer to be in your show, go find somebody else!” Lonna shouts.
“Because it's NOT going to be Diane!” Miranda shouts.  
“Oh yes it is!” the Punky Gurlz shout.
“No it isn't!” the Dianettes shout.
“Diane belongs with us!” Bernice shouts.  “Y'all can't have her!” 
“Oh yes we are!” the Punky Gurlz shout.
“No you're not!” the Dianettes shout.
“Yes we are!” the Punky Gurlz shout.
The Dianettes angrily lunge at the Punky Gurlz as Diane D, her family, Michael and Gordon try to stop them!  “Girls!” Mary shouts to them.
“Y'all need to watch yourselves!” Punky Gurl 2 shouts.
“And you need to go back to Canada where you came from!” Lonna shouts.
A small crowd of people enter the room and see the commotion as Nancy shouts, “Diane is NOT gonna be in your show cause it AIN’T gonna happen!”
“It IS gonna happen!” Punky Gurl 1 shouts.
“No it isn't!” the Dianettes shout.
“Yes it is!” the Punky Gurlz shout.
The Dianettes angrily lunge at the Punky Gurlz again!  All the men from the crowd grab a hold of all the Dianettes, lifting and pulling them towards the door as the Dianettes continue to angrily scream at the Punky Gurlz.  The men bring the Dianettes towards the doorway!  They then bring the Dianettes out the room.  One of the men hold on to Diane D.  Diane D angrily pulls her arm away from the man as she and the rest of her family follow behind the Dianettes and slam the door behind themselves!  Gordon and the Punky Gurlz stay in the back room.  They look at the door stunned.  They hear loud commotions going out in the hallway.  Gordon turns and looks at the Punky Gurlz as they look back at him.  “They had no right trying to attack us!” Punky Gurl 2 says.
“That's right!” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “We gotto go speak to Diane D.”  The Punky Gurlz turn and head for the door.
Gordon hurries in front of the Punky Gurlz and stops them as he tells them, “No don't go speak to Diane D! All you're gonna do is upset the Dianettes even more!”
“Who cares?!” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “We still have to know whether or not Diane D is gonna perform with us in Paris!”  The Punky Gurlz angrily shove Gordon aside.  They hurry to the door, open it then rush out into the hallway!

Diane D, the Dianettes and everybody else are down at the opposite end of the hallway as Diane D and the Dianettes fuss at each other with Miranda crying out, “How could you just go with them Diane?!  How could you?”
“Miranda, did y'all hear what I said?!” Diane D shouts.  “I said I'm not going to Paris!  I'm not going!”  The Dianettes start to complain to Mary and Barry!

The Punky Gurlz come down the hallway.  Michael and a few men in the crowd approach them and stop them.  “Can we just talk to Diane D for a moment?!” Punky Gurl 1 says.
“I don't know” Michael says.  “They're all pretty upset right now.”
“We know that,” Punky Gurl 2 says.  “We just want to talk to Diane D real quick, then we'll go.”
“Okay.  Hold on.”  Michael turns towards Diane D and shouts, “Diane!  Diane!”
Diane D and everyone else turn towards Michael.
“The Punky Gurlz want to speak to you real quick before they go!” Michael shouts. 
Diane D and everyone else look at the Punky Gurlz as the Dianettes angrily glare at the Punky Gurlz.  Diane D turns to the Dianettes and tells them, “I'll be right back girls.”  The Dianettes puzzledly look at Diane D.  Diane D tells them, “I'll be right back.  I'm not going anywhere.  I just wanna see what they want.  I'll be back.  Stay cool.”  Diane D looks at the Dianettes as she walks away from them.  She then turns her head and walks towards the Punky Gurlz as the Dianettes worriedly look on at Diane D then glare at the  Punky Gurlz again.  
Diane D approaches the Punky Gurlz as Punky Gurl 1 says, “Diane D can we talk to you in private?”
“In private?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah.”
“Okay, but we got to make it quick.”  Diane D turns to the Dianettes and her family and shouts, “I'll be right back everybody!”  Diane D turns back to the Punky Gurlz and says, “Let's go into the office.”  Diane D and the Punky Gurlz turn and head towards the opposite direction of the hallway and go around the corner into anther hallway.

Diane D and the Punky Gurlz enter an office and close the door behind themselves.  The Punky Gurlz rush all the way inside the office as Diane D slowly follows behind them.  The Punky Gurlz turn around towards Diane D as Punky Gurl 2 says, “Listen Diane D, we're very sorry for that outburst that just happened.”
Diane D stops and firmly stares at Punky Gurl 2.
“Yeah Diane D,” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “We really are!  We had no idea that the Dianettes would react this way!  We didn’t know they would be upset about you performing with us in Paris!  I mean it's bad enough they don't want to perform with us or share the stage with us, but they don't even want YOU to perform with us or share the stage with us.”
“That's right Diane D,” Punky Gurl 3 says.  “I mean we just want to know, if you're still interested in performing in Paris with us.”
“What?” Diane D says.  “You're still expecting me to perform with you guys in Paris, after that argument you all and the girls just had?  You saw how upset the girls got about the idea of me performing with you!”
“We know that Diane D,” Punky Gurl 2 says.  “We know the Dianettes don't want you performing with us, but maybe we can make arrangements, for you to perform with us in Paris without the Dianettes ever knowing about it.”
“Without them ever knowing about it?”
“Yeah,” Punky Gurl 5 says.  “Maybe you can just sneak away from them for a while.”
“Yeah,” Punky Gurl 3 says.  “By the time you be in Paris and perform with us, it'll be too late for the Dianettes to stop you.”
“What do you say to that Diane D?” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “If you come perform in Paris with us, we'll pay you a whole lot of money.”
“Pay me a whole lot of money?” Diane D says.
“Yeah,” Punky Gurl 2 says.  “We'll pay you hundreds of dollars!”
“No!” Punky Gurl 1 shouts.  “We’ll pay you thousands of dollars!“
“No!” Punky Gurl 6 shouts.  “We’ll pay you multimillions of dollars!”
Diane D angrily holds her arm and hand out to the Punky Gurlz and shouts, “WAIT A MINUTE, JUST STOP WITH THE MONEY, ALRIGHT?!”  Diane D angrily stares at the Punky Gurlz as the Punky Gurlz frighteningly look at her.  Diane D then calms as she puts her hand down and says, “Listen you all, money is not the issue here.  There are a lot of things in life that's much more important to me than money.  Right now, the girls' feelings are very, very important to me.  Now if the girls don't want me to perform with you guys in Paris or anywhere else, I'm not gonna let them down or disappoint them.  I appreciate you all wanting to perform with me and me perform with you, but it's not worth disappointing the girls.”
“Not worth disappointing them?” Punky Gurl 1 worriedly says.  “So what are you saying Diane D?  Are you saying you're not gonna perform in Paris with us?  We understand that the Dianettes' feelings are important to you, but they're the ones who don't want to participate with us, you do!  You don't mind sharing the stage with us, so why in the world should they stop you or not want you sharing the stage with us?!”
“That's right Diane D,” Punky Gurl 5 says.  “You should still come to Paris with us!  Come with us today!  We'll sneak you to Paris then you'll be right back here before the Dianettes would ever realize you're gone!”
“Yeah so come with us Diane D,” Punky Gurl 2 says.  “We'll make arrangements for you right now with the airlines and fly you right out of here within an hour!”  Punky Gurl 2 turns to the others and shouts, “Girls let's call the airlines right now and book a flight out of here for all of us including Diane D!”
“Wait a minute!” Diane D shouts.  “Did you all hear what I just said?!  I'm not going!”
“You are going Diane D!” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “No ifs ands, or buts about it!  You're going!” Punky Gurl 1 turns to the others and says, “Hurry girls!  Call the airlines and book an extra seat for Diane D!”
“You got it!” Punky Gurl 2 says.  The Punky Gurlz turn and hurry to the telephone.  They suddenly hear the sound of the door bang open!  They become startled as they and Diane D turn towards the door and look.  They see the angry Dianettes standing in the doorway glaring at the Punky Gurlz with their arms folded.  Diane D and the Punky Gurlz puzzled look at the Dianettes.  The Dianettes glare at the Punky Gurls.  They then charge in the room at the Punky Gurlz as Diane D's family and a crowd quickly approach the doorway!  They jump and kick the Punky Gurlz down on the floor and throw objects from the desk at them!  “Aaaaahh,” the Punky Gurlz scream.  The Dianettes turn around and grab Diane D by both her arms and hands.  They quickly run out the room with her!  The men in the crowd grab the Punky Gurlz and help them up.  The Punky Gurlz stand up.  They run out the room going after the Dianettes!  Everyone else run out the room!

The Punky Gurlz run out in the hallway.  They run down the hallway and catch up to the Dianettes!  They kick back at the Dianettes!  The Dianettes almost fall as the Punky Gurlz turn and run back down the hallway!  The Dianettes quickly catch their balance!  They turn and angrily run after the Punky Gurlz!  The Punky Gurlz quickly run towards an exit!  They open the door and burst out the building!
The Dianettes run towards the exit!  They open the door and burst out the building after the Punky Gurlz! 





















































Chapter 10

The Rival!


The Punky Gurlz run down the street as the Dianettes chase after them!  The Dianettes catch up to the Punky Gurlz!  They kick the Punky Gurlz and knock the Punky Gurlz down to the ground!  The Dianettes turn and hurry the other way!  
The Punky Gurlz get up off the ground!  They chase after the Dianettes!  They catch up to the Dianettes and kick them back.  The Dianettes almost fall as the Punky Gurlz turn and hurry the other way!  The Punky Gurlz run down the street as the Dianettes angrily chase after them!  

The Punky Gurlz run across the street towards a park!  The Dianettes run across the street after the Punky Gurlz.  

The Punky Gurlz run in the park as the Dianettes run in the park after them.  The Dianettes catch up to the Punky Gurlz and kick them!  The Punky Gurlz fall down as the Dianettes turn and hurry off the other way!  
The Punky Gurlz get up off the ground again!  They run to some garbage cans that are in the park!  They grab the lids off the garbage cans and chase after the Dianettes!  They catch up to the Dianettes and throw the garbage can lids right at the Dianettes!  The objects hit the Dianettes!  The Punky Gurlz turn and run the other way!  The Dianettes pick up the garbage can lids!  They turn around and angrily chase after the Punky Gurlz again with the garbage can lids!  
The Punky Gurlz continue to run through the park!  
The Dianettes run through the park with the garbage can lids as they chase after the Punky Gurlz!   
The Punky Gurlz suddenly turn and run another direction!
The Dianetts suddenly turn and take a short cut another direction! 
The Dianettes catch up to the Punky Gurlz and throw the garbage can lids right at the Punky Gurlz!   The garbage can lids hit the Punky Gurlz as the Dianettes turn and hurry the other way! 
Diane D and the rest of the crowd run through the park after the Dianettes!  Everyone soon hear police sirens coming!  The Punky Gurlz continue to run off as everyone else stop!  Diane D catches up to the Dianettes!  She shouts to them, “Girls!  Girls!  The police are coming!  We gotto get outta here!  Come on let's shoot!”  Diane D and the Dianettes turn and race off in the other direction!  The crowd follows off after them!  Several police cars approach the crowd!  The people in the crowd stop as other police cars hurry around a corner!
The Punky Gurlz run fast across the park.  They hear sirens coming around the corner!  They quickly turn and run other direction!

Diane D and the Dianettes are running on the other side of the park!  They hear sirens coming around the corner!  They turn their heads towards the sirens and quickly turn and run other direction!

On the other side of the park, the police cars are hot on the Punky Gurlz' trail as the Punky Gurlz continue to run!  The Punky Gurlz scream as they tumble over a log and continue to run on the other side.

Diane D and the Dianettes continue to run on the other side of the park!  Other police cars are on their trail!

The Punky Gurlz continue to run as the police cars pull up along side them.  The Punky Gurlz stop running as the police come out of their cars!  The police rush to the Punky Gurlz and grab them!  The Punky Gurlz start to struggle and fuss with the police.

Lonna, Kelly and Nancy continue to run on the other side of the park as the police cars pull up along side of them.  Lonna, Kelly and Nancy stop running as the police come out of their cars and run to them!  The police grab Lonna, Kelly and Nancy!  Lonna, Kelly and Nancy scream as the police become a little rough with them.  One of the officers pull Lonna's arm behind her back a little hard as Lonna shouts, “Aaaaah!  You're hurting me!  Aaaaah!”
“Where are the others?!” the male white police officer shouts.
“Aaaaah!”
“I asked you, where are the others?!”
“Aaaaaah!”
Two other officers look behind the first officer towards the bushes and yell to him, “Watch out!  She's trying to put a sneak attack on you!”
The first officer turns around and looks towards the bushes as Diane D suddenly leaps from behind the bushes and angrily lunges at him!  The other officers quickly grab Diane D and hold onto her!  One of the officers holding Diane D, a male black around his late 30's, looks at Diane D and says, “Diane D?!”  Diane D looks at the officer as he says to her, “You're in trouble again?!”
The other officers got a hold of Miranda, Charlotte and Bernice.  One of the other officers, a male black around his late 30's, looks at Miranda, Charlotte and Bernice and says, “Dianettes!  What's going on?!”
“Officer,” an out of breath Miranda says.  “We can explain!”
“You can explain when we all go down to the station!”
“Go down to the station?!” Diane D shouts.  “Why we have to go to the station?!”
“Yeah it was those Punky Gurlz that started it!” Lonna says.
“Don't worry!” the officer says.  “We're taking them to the station too!  Let's go.”  The police pull Diane D and the Dianettes away.

Two hours later, Diane D's family sit in the office of the police station with Gordon.  Two white male police officers come into the room and approach Diane D's family as Diane D's family approach them.  “What's going on officers?” Mary asks.
“Your daughter Diane D has an attempted assault charge against her,” one of the officers says.
“What!” Diane D’s family shout.
“Attempted assault charge?!” Margarita shouts.
“Yes,” the officer says.  “She tried to put a sneak attack on one of the other officers who was holding and grabbing onto one of the Dianettes!  The other officers saw your daughter Diane D sneaking from behind the bushes getting ready to attack that officer!  They warned that officer in time, so when your daughter Diane D leaped from behind the bushes, the other officers grabbed her in time and held on to her.”
“What!” Diane D’s family shout.  “Oh no!”
“Now we had a talk with the Dianettes and the Punky Gurlz.  Now both the Dianettes and the Punky Gurlz agree to not to press charges against each other.”
“They did?” Barry asked.
“Yes.  So we're gonna let them all go.”
“Thank you officers.”
“Even though the Punky Gurlz agree not to press charges against the Dianettes, the Dianettes agree not to press charges against the Punky Gurlz on one condition.”
“On one condition?” Diane D's family asks.
“What condition is that?” Tomas asks.
“That the Punky Gurlz have to agree and make sure that Diane D does not perform in Paris or anywhere else with them,” the officer says.
“What?!” Diane D's family says.
“If Diane performs in Paris or anywhere else with the Punky Gurlz, the girls say they will press charges against them?!” Mary asks. 
“That's what they said,” the officer says.  “They said they will press charges AND file a lawsuit against the Punky Gurlz.”
“File a lawsuit?!” Diane D's family asks.
“Yes.  Maybe even file kidnapping charges.”
“What!  Kidnapping charges?!”
“Yes.  The Dianettes said if the Punky Gurlz take Diane D to Europe with them, they‘re going to file kidnapping charges against them.”
“Oh yeah?” Tomas asks. “How can they file kidnapping charges against the Punky Gurlz?” 
“The Dianettes claim they were in the hallway at the dance studio eavesdropping through the door while the Punky Gurlz were in the back office with Diane D.  The Dianettes claim they overheard the Punky Gurlz trying to bribe Diane D with a whole lot of money if Diane D goes to Paris with them.”
“What!” Diane D’s family say.
“The girls claim they overheard the Punky Gurlz trying to bribe Diane with a whole lot of money if Diane goes to Paris with them?!” Margarita asks. 
“Yeah.”
“How much money?!” Tomas asks.
“The Dianettes claim first in the hundreds then in the thousands then in the millions.”
“In the hundreds then thousands then millions?!” Barry asks.
“Yeah.  Not only that, the Dianettes claim they overheard the Punky Gurlz trying to book a flight out the airport tonight and include a seat for Diane D in their flight, even though Diane D told the Punky Gurlz no, that she’s not going to Paris with them.”
“The girls overheard Diane telling the Punky Gurlz that she’s not going to Paris with them?”
“Yes.  The Dianettes said they overheard the Punky Gurlz tell Diane D that she IS going to go to Paris with them.  The Dianettes said the Punky Gurlz were very persistent.  They said it was like the Punky Gurlz were forcing Diane D to go to Paris with them whether Diane D wanted to go or not.  That‘s when the Dianettes said they burst into the room to save Diane D from the Punky Gurlz and take her away from them.  The Dianettes said when they took Diane D out into the hallway, the Punky Gurlz came after them to get Diane D back, but the Punky Gurlz said it’s not true, they didn’t come after the Dianettes to get Diane D back.  They said they only came after the Dianettes because the Dianettes hit them first.”
“Wow,” Barry says.  “You know this is so absurd!”
“It is. Well the Dianettes don’t have to worry about your daughter Diane D going to Europe with the Punky Gurlz because your daughter Diane D can't leave town anyway.  Not with this attempted assault charge against her.”
“So what are you planning do with her?” Margarita asks.
“We're letting her go too, but she has to appear in court.  I'll bring you all to Diane D and the Dianettes.”
“Thank you officer.”
The officer turns and walks away as Diane D's family follow behind him.  

A crowd of people and some organization members are standing in the lobby of the police station.  Barry approaches the crowd as Alex says to him, “How is everything?  How are Diane and the girls?”
“They're all okay,” Barry says.  “The girls are still pissed off.  They're all talking about pressing charges, filing a lawsuit and filing kidnapping charges against the Punky Gurlz if the Punky Gurlz have Diane perform in Paris or anywhere else with them.”
“Yeah we heard.”
“Diane is not gonna go to Paris with the Punky Gurlz is she?” Stephanie asks.
“No she's not gonna go,” Barry says.  “She can't go to Paris or leave town anyway with the attempted assault charge against her.”
“Yeah we heard,” Harvey says.  “The other officer already came and told us that Diane has an attempted assault charge against her.”
“He did?”
“Yeah.”
“Well Diane is not going to Paris, that's dead.”
“So what's gonna happen now?” Alex asks.  “Are the police letting Diane and the girls go?”
“Yes, the police are letting them all go, but Diane is gonna have a day to appear in court for the attempted assault charge.”
“Oh no,” Stephanie says.
“Well we're gonna bring Diane and the girls back to the dance studio now to change back to their clothes then we're gonna take them all home.”  Barry turns away and heads towards the back of the police station as the staff members look on at him.

An hour later, Diane D is in regular street clothes wearing a short corduroy black jacket with matching black pants and a short black shirt underneath her jacket as she adjusts some straps on her bag.  Mary and Barry approach Diane D as Mary says, “Diane, how're you feeling baby?”
Diane D looks at her parents and says, “I’m Okay.  Listen Mom, Dad, I'm gonna bring all the girls home with me to Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike's house.  I'll have them stay there with me for a couple of weeks again.”
“You are?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay Diane,” Barry says.  “Just call Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike up and let them know you're bringing the girls there.  We already called them up and told them about this incident.  They and the rest of the family were all about to rush down to the police station, but I told them we're not at the police station anymore that we left the police station and will be home shortly.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay.  I'll call Grandma Gracy and tell her I'm bring the girls home with me.  I'll call her in the hallway.”  A frowning Diane D leaves from her parents as her parents turn and worriedly look on at her.

Diane D sits on a stool in the hallway with one knee up as she dials a number on her cell phone.  She sighs as she puts the cell phone to her ear.  She then speaks into the cell phone and says, “Hey Grandma.”
“Diane!” Gracy says.  “How are you baby!”
“I'm okay.  Listen Grandma, I'm getting ready to come home now and I'm bringing all the girls over there with me.”
“You are?”
“Yeah.  I'm gonna have them spend two weeks with us again.”
“Two weeks?  Okay.  I heard about the argument and fight they got into with the Punky Gurlz.  And I heard about your attempt assault charge on a police officer again.  I also heard the Punky Gurlz were interested in collaborating with you and the girls, but the feeling wasn't mutual.  The girls didn't want to collaborate with the Punky Gurlz.”
“No they didn't.  They only want to collaborate with the guys from Africa.  They said they're not interested in sharing the stage with any female singers or any female singing group.”
“I heard.  I heard they flipped out when they found out that the Punky Gurlz were gonna have you perform in Paris with them!   I heard they started yelling, cursing and screaming at the Punky Gurlz then the Punky Gurlz fussed back and they all started arguing with each other.  I heard the girls started protesting to your Mom and Dad that they didn't want you performing in Paris with the Punky Gurlz!  I heard the girls and the Punky Gurlz started chasing after each other back forth at the dance studio, then in the street then at the park!  Then I heard the police came and got involved then you were about to assault a police officer you saw got rough with Lonna!  I heard it turned into a whole big mess!  Are you and the girls alright Diane?”
“Yeah Grandma we're okay.  We're on our way out of the dance studio then we’ll be on our way to your place.  You'll see us when we get there.”
“Alright Diane.  Just bring the girls over.  What room are you gonna put them all in?”
“Well it's not too much room left in your house Grandma.  I'll just have to have three of the girls squeeze in the room with me and Dana and put the other three girls in the room with Aunt Celeste.”
“Oh yeah?   So you want the extra beds put back into Dana's room?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay Diane.  I'll have Nicolas and Mickey bring the extra beds down from the attic again and put them in Dana's room and your Aunt Celeste‘s room.”
“Thanks Grandma.  Did Dana come home from work yet?”
“Yeah she came in an hour ago.  She's upstairs now.”
“Okay.  Well the girls and I will be there.  It might take a while because it's rush-hour traffic on the highways right now.”
“I know.  Okay Diane.  I'll be here waiting for you all.”
“Okay Grandma thanks.”
“See you when you get here.”
“Okay.”  Diane D closes her cell phone, gets off the stool and goes away.

An hour later, Diane D comes into the front door of Gracy and Mike’s house as the upset looking Dianettes all dressed in short black jackets, short belly baring shirts, pants, bangs with hair flowing down their backs carrying some luggage follow in behind her.  Michael, Mary and Barry follow them inside carrying some luggage also.  Barry closes the door behind himself as Diane D looks up the staircase and shouts, “Grandma, Grandpa we're here!”
Gracy and Grandpa Mike come down the stairs.  “Hey everybody!” Gracy says.
“Hey Mom, Dad,” Barry says.  Gracy and Grandpa Mike reach the bottom of the stairs and approach Diane D and the Dianettes.  They give them all warm hugs.  Gracy and Grandpa Mike then give Michael, Mary and Barry warm hugs too.  Grandpa Mike and Gracy step back as Grandpa Mike puzzled looks at the Dianettes and says, “Now which one of you girls was mainly having a problem with the Punky Gurlz?”
“I bet it was Lonna wasn't?” Gracy says.
Lonna folds her arms and pokes her mouth to the side as Diane D says, “You're warm Grandma.”
“I’m warm.  Okay, then I bet it was Nancy.”
“It wasn’t just Nancy!  It was all of them Grandma!”  Diane D looks at the Dianettes as they look back at her.  Diane D looks back towards Gracy and says, “They ALL had a problem with the Punky Gurlz!”
“Oh no!  Well we're gonna have to get to the bottom of this whole thing later.  But right now, why don't you all go upstairs and get settled.  Dinner is just about ready.  After dinner we'll talk about this whole Punky Gurlz thing.”
“Okay Grandma.”  Diane D turns her head to the Dianettes and says, “Come on girls.”  Diane D turns her head back forward and goes up the stairs as the Dianettes follow up behind her.  Gracy and Mary follow up behind the Dianettes.  Michael and Barry carry some luggage and follow up behind Gracy and Mary as Grandpa Mike follows behind.

Back at the dance studio, Margarita, Tomas and Gordon are sitting inside the office talking.  The Punky Gurlz suddenly enter the office. “Hey,” Punky Gurl 1 says.  
Margarita, Tomas and Gordon look at the Punky Gurlz as Margarita says, “Hey.”
The Punky Gurlz approach Margarita, Tomas and Gordon.  Punky Gurl 1 then says, “We heard Diane D went home to her grandparents' house and brought all the Dianettes over there with her, but y'all here.”
“No Diane went home to her other grandparents' house,” Margarita says.  “Her father's parents' house out in Queens.  She's staying over there.”
“Yeah,” Tomas says.  “Diane took all the girls home over there to stay with her other grandparents for two weeks.”
“For two weeks?” Punky Gurl 1 says. “Really?”
“Yeah,” Margarita says.  “Listen ladies, we're very sorry about what happened between you all and the girls.”
“Yeah,” Tomas says.  “ We didn't expect that to happen.”
“Yeah we're sorry too,” Punky Gurl 2 says.  “We're sorry that the Dianettes are no fans of ours, even though we were big fans of theirs.”
“Well Diane seemed to be a fan of yours.  She seemed real excited about you all.”
“Well we're excited about her too,” Punky Gurl 3 says.  “We want to get in touch with her.  We want to know if we could change her mind about performing in Paris with us.”
“Oh ladies Diane can't leave town anyway.  She has an attempted assault charge against her and you heard what the girls said.  They said if Diane performs with you all in Paris, they're gonna file kidnapping charges against you and file a lawsuit if Diane happens to go to Paris with you anytime in the future.”
“Kidnapping charges,” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “For real?  You think we would stoop that low to try to kidnap Diane D or anybody else?”
“Well the girls claimed they overheard you trying to bribe Diane with millions of dollars if she performs in Paris with you and said you all were planning to book a seat for Diane on a flight tonight,” Margarita says.
“We were only trying to persuade Diane D to come to Paris with us because we knew she wanted to go, but the only reason she’s not going is because of the Dianettes.”
“The Dianettes are putting this kidnapping thing on us just to make us look bad,” Punky Gurl 2 says.   
“Yeah,” Punky Gurl 3 says.  “We were only persuading Diane D and nothing else.  Now we are hoping we can get Diane D to perform with us in Paris without the Dianettes knowing about it.”
“Yeah we were hoping the Dianettes would find out about it later after the event in Paris was all over,” Punky Gurl 5 says.  
“Find out about it later?” Tomas says.  “The girls might still want to file kidnapping charges and a lawsuit against you guys even after the event is over and they find out about it later.  I think you girls should just give it up.  If Diane is missing for a while, believe me, the girls will know about it.  Then they're gonna start to ask questions.”
“That's right,” Margarita says.  “I think it would be best to just let it go.  But I'll let you speak to Diane about it yourself.  Let me call her other grandparents' number and let you speak to her, because Tomas and I are on our way out the door.  We have to hurry and head back to the organization.”
“Okay,” Punky Gurl 5 says. 
Margarita picks up the phone receiver off the telephone on the desk and dials a number.  She listens in the receiver.  “It's ringing,” she says.  She turns to the Punky Gurlz and says, “Here you guys take the phone and speak to Diane about it yourself, cause we have to go.”
“Okay,” Punky Gurl 1 says.  
Margarita hands the phone receiver to Punky Gurl 1.  Punky Gurl 1 puts the phone receiver to her ear.  Margarita turns to Gordon and says, “I’ll see you later.”
“Okay,” Gordon says. 
Margarita and Tomas walk towards the door.  They walk out the door and leave the office. 
Punky Gurl 1 has the phone receiver to her ears and hears a few rings from the other end.  She turns to the other Punky Gurlz and whispers, “Gee I hope none of the Dianettes answer the telephone.”  Punky Gurl 1 continues to listen in the receiver.  She suddenly hears someone pick up the other end of the telephone.
“Hellooo?” a deep hoarse voice on the other end of the phone says.
“Uh hello,” Punky Gurl 1 nervously says.  “Um, can I speak to Diane D please?”
Dana, who is on the other end of the phone, dressed in a short jacket and matching pants says, “Hold on.”  Dana is about to leave the phone.  She pauses a little then puzzled asks, “Who's calling by the way?”
“Who's calling?  Um, a friend.”
“A friend?  What friend?”
“A new friend of hers.  I just met her today.”
“Do you have a name?”
“My name?  Well I'm one of the Punky Gurlz.”
“One of the Punky Gurlz?”
“Yes.”
“What do you want with Diane?!”
“Well I want to speak to her.”
“What do you want to speak to her about?”
“It's personal.  Can I speak to her?”
“Oh I'm sorry Diane is busy right now, she won't be able to come to the phone.  Can I give her a message?”
“She won't be able to come to the phone?  What do you mean she won't be able to come to the phone?”
“She's busy right now.”
“Busy?  Well it's real important.  Could you put her on the phone please?”
“She can't come to the phone.”
“Why not?  I have to speak to her.”
“She's busy right now.  Do you have a message you would like for me to give her?”
“Can't you just put her on the phone real quick?”
“I can't, she's busy!”
“I need to speak to her personally.  It's real urgent.”
“Diane is busy right now, she can't come to the phone!  Do you have a message for me to give her?!”
“Please put her on the phone.  I really need to speak to her personally!”
“Are you hard of hearing?!  I said Diane is busy right now, she can't come to the phone, now do you have a message for me to give her or not?!”
“No, nevermind!  Forget it!”
“Fine!  Don't you ever call this number or any other number for Diane again!  Stay the hell away from my cousin!”  Dana slams the phone receiver down and walks away.
Punky Gurl 1 puzzled looks at the phone receiver on her end and says, “Well excuuuuse me!”  She angrily hangs up the phone receiver.
“Who was that?” Gordon asks.
“I don't know, but whoever that was on the other end of the phone, that person was certainly rude!  They refused to bring Diane D to the phone!  After a while, they started hollering at me!”
“Really?  Was it one of the Dianettes?”
“Didn't sound like any of them.  This person who answered the phone had a deep hoarse Jamaican accent.”
“A deep hoarse Jamaican accent?  Was it a man or woman?”
“It sounded like it could be a man or a woman with a deep voice.”
“It was probably Diane D's cousin Dana, you know, the one who was suspected of shooting down all those traffic cameras and the one who beat up and car chased that newspaper reporter on the highway and shot at his vehicle three times and the one who beat up those two female police officers, because Dana stays with Diane D's other grandparents at times.”
“She does?”
“Yeah.  It's her room Diane D is staying in.”
“Oh yeah?  It probably was her on the phone because she just sounded like she wanted to beat me up!   She told me not to ever call their number or any other number for Diane D again then told me to stay the hell away from her cousin!”
“What?!” the other Punky Gurlz say.
“She told you to stay the hell away from Diane D?!” Gordon asks.
“Yeah,” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “Then she slammed the phone down in my ear!“
“She slammed the phone on you?”
“She sure did.”
“Gordon, isn’t Diane D’s cousin Dana on parole?” Punky Gurl 5 asks.
“That’s what I heard,” Gordon says.  “I try not to get involved with anything that has to do with Dana, she’s dangerous, I want nothing to do with her!  I wish I would have known that there’s a possibility that Dana might pick up that other end of the phone because if I knew that, I wouldn’t have let Miss Margarita called Diane D‘s other grandparents‘ house.”
“Well I don't think we're gonna be able to get in touch with Diane D at all.”
“Me neither,” Punky Gurl 3 says.
“Hey wait a minute,” Punky Gurl 2 says.  “Doesn't Diane D have a cell phone?  Maybe we can try to contact her through her cell phone!”
“And how are we going to do that?” Punky Gurl 1 says.  “Her cousin Dana just warned me on the phone not to ever call their house number or any other number for Diane D again!  When she said that, I’m sure she meant not to call Diane D’s cell phone either!”
“Who the hell is she to tell other people not to call Diane D’s cell phone?!  She doesn’t own Diane D’s cell phone!”
“I know.  It would have been best if Miss Margarita had dialed Diane D’s cell phone in the first place instead of dialing Diane D’s other grandparents’ house number.  That way, we wouldn‘t have had to deal with her cousin Dana!”
“Ladies,” Gordon says.  “It’s best to just forget about trying to contact Diane D or try to get her to go to Paris with you, because now you‘re not just dealing with the Dianettes, you’re dealing with her cousin Dana as well.”  The Punky Gurlz worriedly look at Gordon.

The next day, a woman in a cafe is reading an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: THE DIANETTES VS. THE PUNKY GURLZ!  CATFIGHT ERUPTS BETWEEN THE DIANETTES AND THE PUNKY GURLZ AT DANCE STUDIO AS DIANE D GETS CAUGHT IN THE MIDDLE!  The woman turns to several other people and says, “Hey. Did y'all read this article about the Dianettes and the Punky Gurlz going at it at a dance studio yesterday?”
“Yeah,” a second woman says.  “It says that the Punky Gurlz wanted to collaborate and perform with Diane D and the Dianettes at Diane D and the Dianettes' next show or concert and in Paris, but the Dianettes didn't want to collaborate with the Punky Gurlz.  When the Punky Gurlz suggested that maybe just Diane D can collaborate with them alone in Paris, that's when hell broke loose.”
“Yeah I heard,” one of the men say.  “I heard the Dianettes didn't even want Diane D to collaborate with the Punky Gurlz by herself.  I heard Diane D and her family tried to stop the fight at the dance studio, then I heard the Dianettes protested to Diane D's parents against Diane D performing in Paris with the Punky Gurlz!  Then I heard the Dianettes and the Punky Gurlz started chasing after each other outside in the street then in the park, then the police came after them and they were all taking to the police station, including Diane D.”
“Wow,” a second man says.  “So is Diane D still gonna collaborate with the Punky Gurlz in Paris or what?”
“I don't think so,” the first woman says.  “Because first of all, she's not allowed to leave town because she has an attempted assault charge against her.  Second of all, the Dianettes threatened kidnapping charges against the Punky Gurlz if Diane D goes to Paris with the Punky Gurlz and third, it says the Punky Gurlz tried to get in touch with Diane D last night by calling her other grandparents' house, but couldn't reach her.  They said a family member of Diane D's who they believed might have been her cousin Dana answered the telephone and refused to bring Diane D to the phone.  It says then Dana hollered at the Punky Gurl who was on the telephone and told the Punky Gurl not to ever call for Diane D again and to stay the hell away from her cousin.  Then Dana slammed the phone down in the Punky Gurl's ear.”
“She did?” the second man asks.
“Yeah!  So the Punky Gurlz decided to give up trying to collaborate with Diane D because of the Dianettes and Diane D's cousin Dana.  They claim they don't need the pressure or attitudes.”
“Wow I don't blame them.”  The woman continues to look at the article.

A man is sitting on the subway reading an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: THE DIANETTES VS. THE PUNKY GURLZ!.

Margarita, Tomas, Mary, Barry and Nicolas are inside the organization office looking at the newspaper article with a headline that reads: THE DIANETTES VS. THE PUNKY GURLZ!  Tomas turns to Mary and asks, “Dana never said a word to Diane about the Punky Gurlz calling Gracy and Mike’s house last night?”
“No!” Mary says.
“Did Diane see this article yet?” Margarita asks.
“Yeah she saw the article already. I spoke to her on the phone this morning.”
“Did Dana see the article?” Barry asks.
“Yeah Dana saw the article.  Diane said she showed the article to Dana while they were all eating breakfast.  She said Dana looked at the article and had nothing to say about it.  Diane said she asked Dana why she didn't bring her to the telephone when the Punky Gurlz called for her.  Diane said Dana told her she forgot.  Diane didn't believe Dana so she yelled at Dana and chewed Dana out.”
“She did?” Margarita says.
“Yeah.”
“I can't believe Dana would not get Diane to the telephone to speak to the Punky Gurlz.”
“I can believe it,” Nicolas says.  “Knowing Dana.”
“Dana should have gotten Diane to the telephone.  I should have waited on the phone myself to make sure Diane came to the telephone.”
“Well it's too late now Ma,” Mary says.  “I mean Diane was trying to give it another shot to collaborate with the Punky Gurlz.”
“She was,” Barry says.  “She and Mom were working on the girls late last night, trying to change the girls' minds to get them to perform in Paris with the Punky Gurlz.  Mom and Diane said the girls seem like they were about to come around to it.  Then I spoke to Gordon on the phone this morning.  He told me the Punky Gurlz already gave up trying to collaborate with Diane because of the argument and fight with the girls and the way Dana treated them on the telephone!  Gordon said the Punky Gurlz already called another singing group late last night and decided to collaborate with that singing group in Paris instead of with Diane.”
“Man that's a shame,” Margarita says.  “Are Diane and the girls coming in today?”
“No,” Mary says.  “Diane said she and the girls are just gonna stay home for the whole next two weeks.”
“For the whole next two weeks?  You mean they're not gonna come to the organization at all?”
“No I guess not.”  They all sadly look at each other.  They then look back at the article again.



















Chapter 11

Dana Throws Contractors Out


It is a month later.  Dana and Diane D are riding on motorcycles wearing helmets with long ponytails hanging around their backs and shoulders as Dana's maternal cousin Judy from Jamaica sits on the back seat behind Dana wearing a helmet and Teresa sits on the back seat behind Diane D wearing a helmet.  Dana and Diane D pull their motorcycles to the curb in front of their grandparents Gracy and Mike’s house and stop.  Judy, who is a little taller, darker and slimmer than Dana holds on to Dana's shoulders as she gets off the back seat of the motorcycle.  She takes off her helmet showing her shoulder length dreadlocks.  Teresa holds on to Diane D's shoulders as she gets off the back seat of the motorcycle.  She takes her helmet off.  Judy and Teresa smile to each other as Dana and Diane D turn the motorcycle engines off.  Dana and Diane get off the motorcycles.  Dana and Diane D take off their helmets.  They walk towards their grandparents' front door as Judy and Teresa follow behind them.  Dana approaches the front door and unlocks it.  She lets Diane D, Judy and Teresa go inside the house ahead of her.  She then follows in behind them and closes the door behind herself.

Diane D walks into the living room as Judy and Teresa follow her.  Judy and Teresa stop as Dana walks in front of Judy and Teresa.  They all suddenly hear a lot of banging going on.  Dana turns to Diane D and asks, “What the hell is that?”
“Oh those are the contractors that are remodeling Grandma and Grandpa's kitchen,” Diane D says.
“What!  Grandma and Grandpa got contractors to remodel their kitchen?”
“Yeah.”
“I thought Sammy and Thomas told Grandma and Grandpa that they and I were gonna do and help with the remodeling!”
“Well Dana you went away for a while.  You were locked up.  While you were away, Grandma and Grandpa called someone else to remodel their kitchen.”
“Oh so in other words, they couldn't wait for me, couldn't they?”
“No I guess they couldn't.  They were gonna wait for you, but they heard about these terrific guys and hired them on the spot.”
“Oh yeah?  Well I'm gonna fire these guys, on the spot!”
“What.”
Dana puts her helmet down.  She turns and storms towards the kitchen.
“Dana!” Diane D shouts.  Diane D puts her helmet down and rushes off after Dana.  Judy and Teresa put their helmets down and follow off after Diane D.

Dana enters the kitchen doorway and looks into the kitchen as Diane D, Judy and Teresa come in behind her.  She sees three South American looking men fixing the kitchen.  The men turn and look at Dana.  Dana looks around the kitchen and shouts, “What the hell is going on here?”
“Nothing Ma’am,” one of the men says.  “We were hired to fix this kitchen.”
“How long have you been working on this kitchen?”
“We started this morning.”
“When are you supposed to be finished with it?”
“We don't know.  Maybe a week or two.”
“A week or two?  Well that's okay, you guys don't have to fix the kitchen for my grandparents.  My brothers and I are gonna fix it.”
“Dana!” Diane D shouts.
Dana turns to Diane D and says, “We're gonna fix it!”  She turns back to the men and says, “You guys can leave.”
“Leave?” the second man says.  “We already started working on it.”
“Look I don't like the way you're making my grandparents' kitchen look!  My brothers and I will finish it!  Y'all don't have to work on it anymore!”  Dana starts to pick up the men's belongings.
“But your grandparents already hired us!  They already paid us the entire bill and everything!  If we leave now, they will lose their money and won't be able to get their money back under this circumstance!”
“Don't worry about it!  Just go!”  Dana grabs the men’s belongings.
“Dana you can't throw these guys out!” Diane D shouts.
“Oh no?  Watch me!”
“But miss!” the first guy shouts.
“Don't ‘but miss’ me!  Just take your shit and get out!”  Dana picks up the men's belongings.  She takes their belongings out of the kitchen as the men and Diane D hurry behind her!

Dana walks through the living room with the men's belongings.  She heads towards the front door and opens it.  She throws the men’s belongings out the front door.  The men walk towards the front door.  Diane D goes in front of the men and tries to stop them from leaving and shouts, “No you guys can't leave!  You were paid to do a job now do it!”
“How can we do the job if she's throwing our belongings out?” one of the men says.
“I'll get your belongings back!  Just go back in the kitchen and finish doing what you were doing!”
“Diane they got to go!” Dana’s voice shouts.
Diane D turns towards Dana and shouts, “No they don't!”
“Yes they do!” Dana says as she storms back in the kitchen.
Diane D turns back to the men and says, “You guys have to finish the kitchen!”
“How can we?” the man shouts.
Dana comes back out of the kitchen with more of the men's belongings.  She goes to the front door and opens it.  She throws more of their belongings out the front door.
“Miss!” the man shouts to her.
“Man just take your things and go!” Dana shouts
“Don't you think we should at least let your grandparents know we're leaving?!”
“I'll let them know about it!  Just get out!”
“But miss!”
“I want you guys out of my grandparents' house now!”
“Fine then!”  The men grab the rest of their belongings and leave out of the house.

The men come out of the front door as Dana shouts to them, “And don't come back!”  Dana throws another of the men's belongings out the door then slams the door.  
The men look back at the front door stunned.  They then look at each other as the third man says, “Man what the hell is her problem?”
“I don’t know!” the second man shouts. “We gotta call her grandparents up later on and tell them about this!”
“I know, but for now, let's just get the hell out of here!”  The men pick up their belongings then turn and walk towards the front gate.  
The first man looks around.  He then stops and says, “Hey!  We forgot our tool belt!”  The other men stop as the first man says, “We can't leave it.  We gotta get it.”  The men turn back around and start to walk back towards the front door.  
As the men walk towards the front door, the front door suddenly swings open!  Dana ducks out the front door and throws the tool belt out the house!  The men look at the tool belt as it crashes on the front lawn!  They turn and look back at the front door as it slams shut.  The three men look at each other as the second guy whispers, “Man, what a bitch!” 
“She sure is!  Come on let's grab our things and go!”  The three men pick up their tool kit and their belongings from off the front lawn.  They then walk towards the front gate.  They head out the front gate and quickly leave the area.

Two hours later, the contractors are sitting inside their office.  The first guy turns to the others and says, “I'm gonna call that woman's grandparents up and tell them what happened.”  He picks up the telephone receiver and puts the receiver in his ear.  He dials a number on the telephone and listens into the receiver.  He speaks into the receiver and says, “Hello?  Yeah I would like to speak to Mike and Gracy Brown please.”
“Who is this?” Dana says from the other end of the telephone.
“I'm the worker who was there earlier.  I want to speak to Mike and Gracy Brown.”
“No you may not speak to my grandparents!”
“Why not?  I just want to tell them why me and my partners aren't there!”
“I already told my grandparents everything!  You don't have to call back here anymore!”
The guy hears the other end of the phone go click.  He looks at the telephone.  He hangs up the telephone receiver then turns to his partners.
“Well what happened?” the second guy asks.
“It was that bitch on the phone!  The one who threw us out!  She told me I can't speak to her grandparents!”
“She won't let you speak to her grandparents?!  Does her grandparents know what happened?!  Does her grandparents know that she threw us out of their house?!”
“She said she told them everything!  I want to speak to her grandparents so we could tell them ourselves!”
“I guess we're just gonna have to try to call up her grandparents later.  Come on let's go.”  The three guys turn and walk away towards the doorway.

Two hours later, the contractors sit in their office again.  The first guy turns to the others and says, “I'm gonna try to call that woman's grandparents again and tell them what happened.”  He picks up the telephone receiver and dials a number on the telephone.  He puts the receiver in his ear and listens.  He then speaks into the receiver and says, “Hello?  Yeah I would like to speak to Mike and Gracy Brown please.”
“Who is this?!” Dana says from the other end of the telephone again.
“I'm the worker who was there earlier who also called a little while ago.”
“I thought I told you, you cannot speak to my grandparents!  Don't call back here no damn more!”
The guy hears the other end of the phone slam down.  He looks at the telephone receiver then hangs it up.  He turns to his partners and tells them, “It was that bitch again!”
“It was?” the second guy says.
“Yeah!  She still won't let me speak to her grandparents!”
“I guess we're gonna have to try to call up her grandparents again later.”
“I know.  But I'm only gonna try one more time to call their grandparents.  If I still don't get in touch with them, I'm gonna forget about the whole thing and move on to somewhere else.  Come on let's go.”  The men turn and walk away.

Diane D is in the bedroom standing in front of the mirror fastening her shirt buttons, wearing a mini-skirt and black stockings as Teresa stands near her also in a mini-skirt.  “So what time you have to pick up Michael?” Teresa asks.
“Not until another couple of hours,” Diane D says.
“Oh okay.  Where's Dana?”
“She's in the shower right now.”
“She is?”
“Yeah.  Don't you hear the shower water running?”
Teresa looks towards the hallway and could hear the shower water running from the bathroom. “Yeah I hear it running,” she says.  She then looks at the foot of Dana’s bed and sees beautiful folded up women’s lingerie and a beige folded up army looking outfit laying there.  She approaches the foot of Dana‘s bed and says, “Whose clothes are these?”
“Those are Dana's,” Diane D says.  “She's gonna put those on when she comes out the shower.”
“Oh.”
Diane D goes sit down on the foot of the other bed.  She bends over and starts to fix her shoes.
Teresa picks up Dana’s beige army looking outfit.  She starts to unfold the outfit and holds it high up in the air.  She sees that the outfit is a very short army looking mini-dress.  “Ooh this mini-dress is beautiful Diane!  This is nice!”
Diane D looks up at Teresa.  She becomes frustrated and says, “No don't bother that Teresa!”  Diane D quickly gets up off her bed.  She approaches Teresa and angrily snatches the short mini-dress right out of Teresa's hands!  Teresa looks at Diane D stunned as Diane D folds the dress back up and says, “Dana's gonna have a fit if she sees that someone was bothering her stuff.”
“She is?”
“Of course she is Teresa.  Would you want someone to bother your stuff, especially while you’re in the shower?”
“No.  I guess not.”
“Well that’s exactly how Dana would feel.”  Diane D places the folded army looking dress back down on the foot of Dana’s bed and says, “When she comes in here and sees that someone bothered her things, the first thing she's gonna wanna know is ‘who was bothering her shit and why the hell did someone bother her stuff then say ‘don’t touch her shit’ and believe me, I am not in a mood to hear her shit right now.  I'm still upset with her for throwing those contractors out and I‘m still pissed off at her for not letting me know that the Punky Gurlz called here for me.”  Diane D and Teresa suddenly hear the shower water go off.  They look towards the hallway as Diane D says, “She just turned off the shower.  She's getting ready to come out the shower and come in here to get dressed.  Let's go down stairs so we can be out of her way.”
“Alright.”
Diane D picks up her belongings off the bed.  She then heads out the bedroom door as Teresa follows behind her.

Diane D and Teresa step out into the hallway and look towards the closed bathroom door as they head to the staircase.  Diane D heads down the staircase as Teresa follows her.

Diane D and Teresa enter the dining room and sit down on the chairs.  As Diane D bends over and starts to fix her shoe again, she and Teresa hear the bathroom door opening upstairs.  They look towards the upstairs.  They hear slight footsteps going to the bedrooms.  They then hear the bedroom door slam shut.  Teresa turns to Diane D and whispers, “Does she always slam the bedroom door like that?”
“Yep,” Diane D says.  The telephone rings.  Diane D turns to Teresa and says, “Excuse me for a minute.”  Diane D turns to the phone and picks up the telephone receiver.  She speaks into the telephone receiver and says, “Hello?  ....  Oh hi Aunt Christine.  How're you feeling?  ....  I'm okay. ....  Nothing.  I'm just sitting here in the dining room with Teresa.  So what time are you gonna get here Saturday?  .....  Okay.  .....  Oh Dana is upstairs getting dressed.  She just came out the shower.  ....  Yeah.”  Diane D hears the bedroom door opening.  “Oh wait a minute Aunt Christine.  I just heard the bedroom door opened.  I think she's coming down.”  Diane D and Teresa look towards the staircase.  They hear footsteps walking upstairs.  They then hear footsteps coming down the stairs.  They then see a frowning Dana coming down the staircase with her long hair loosed out and damp, wiping her damp hair and face with a towel and wearing the short beige army mini-dress, showing her bare muscular legs and bare feet.  “Oh Dana,” Diane D says.  “Your mom is on the phone.  She wants to talk to you.”
“Okay,” Dana says.  “I'll take it in the living room.”  Dana walks away towards the living room as Diane D looks down and starts to fix her shoe again.

Dana is in the living room sitting up on one side of the sofa with her bare muscular legs and bare feet stretched out across the rest of the sofa with one knee up and the towel wrapped around her neck, shoulders and damp hair as she speaks into the telephone receiver saying, “Hi Mom. .... Yeah I'm alright.”

The contractors are inside their office again.  Two of the contractors stand around the first guy as the third guy asks, “Are you gonna try to call that woman's grandparents again?” 
“I don't know if we should even waste our time calling their number back,” the first guy says.  “That broad just might answer the phone again!  I really don’t want to be bothered with her.”
“Just try to call that woman's grandparents one more time,” the second guy says.  “If that broad answers the phone, just hang up on her and forget about that household.”
“Alright.”  The first guy picks up the telephone receiver.  He dials the number on the telephone again as the other two guys stand beside him.  The guy puts the receiver to his ear and hears the other end ringing.

Inside Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house, Dana is inside the living room still speaking on the telephone.  She then says, “Wait, hold on Mom.  Someone is on the other line.”  Dana presses the hold button then lets go of it.  She then says, “Hello?  Hello?  Hello?”

Inside the contractors’ office, the first guy hangs up the phone.  He turns to his partners and shouts, “It was that broad again!  She answered the telephone!  I recognized her voice!”
“Damn!” the second guy shouts.  “Why is she the one always answering the fucking phone?!  Why can't the other granddaughter Diane D answer the phone sometimes?!”
“I don't know!  Maybe she beats Diane D to the phone a lot!”

Inside Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house, Dana presses the button again and lets go of it.  She continues to speak into the telephone receiver and says, “Yeah Mom, I'm back.  ....  I don't know who was on the other line.  No one answered.  ....  Uh uh.  So you and Dad still coming Saturday right?”  Dana takes a nail clipper and starts to clip her fingernails as she continues to speak on the telephone.

Inside the contractors’ office, the second guy says to the others, “Man, we might as well forget about that whole household.  We're just gonna have to wait until their grandparents call us.  Let's get out of here.”  The guys turn and leave the office.



































Chapter 12

Tension At The Dance Studio


The following day, the entire Diaz-Davidson Organization is at the organization standing in the hallway.  Diane D turns to Mary and Barry and says, “Mom, Dad, I'm gonna call Grandma Gracy right now and let her knowing I'm bringing the girls over there to stay with us for a week again.”
“Okay Diane,” Mary says.
Diane D turns away and goes to the side.  She takes out her cell phone.  She dials a number on her cell phone.  She puts the cell phone to her ear and says, “Hello Grandma?”
“Hey Diane,” Gracy says.  “How's everything baby?”
“Everything's fine Grandma.  Listen Grandma I'm bringing all the girls over there to spend a week at our place again because we all got to rehearse at the other dance studio closer to where you live.  We're gonna practice at that dance studio for the next few days.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.  Gordon’s dance studio is booked for the next few weeks so we‘re going to rehears at his other dance studio location.”
“Oh yeah?  Okay Diane, bring the girls over.  I might as well put the extra beds back into Dana's room, huh?”
“Yeah.  We'll be there in a few hours because the girls have to pack their belongings again.  We'll see you in a little bit okay?”
“Okay Diane.  I'll be here.”
“Okay Grandma.  Bye.”  Diane D hangs her cell phone and hurries away.

Three hours later, Diane D comes into the front door of Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house as the Dianettes, Michael, Mary and Barry follow her inside with the Dianettes as Michael and Barry carrying some luggage.  Barry closes the door behind himself as Diane D looks up the staircase and shouts, “Grandma, Grandpa we're here!”
Gracy comes down the stairs and says, “Hey everybody!  Hi girls.”
“Hey Grandma Gracy,” the Dianettes say.
“Hey Mom,” Mary and Barry say.  Gracy smiles and gives the Dianettes a warm hug as Michael, Mary and Barry give her hugs too.  “Where's Dad?” Barry asks.
“Oh he's upstairs,” Gracy says.  “Why don't you all go up stairs and freshen up for dinner.”
“Okay Grandma,” Diane D says.  She turns to the Dianettes and says, “Come on girls!”  Diane D goes up the stairs as the Dianettes follow up behind her.  Gracy and Mary follow up behind the Dianettes.  Michael and Barry follow up behind Gracy and Mary with the luggage.

The next day, Michael, Tomas, Mary, Barry, Tonio and Gordon are sitting inside the dance studio office drinking coffee.  Diane D and Jack enter the office with Diane D holding a large sheet of paper in her hand.  Everyone turns to them as Gordon asks, “So how is everything going?”
“Everything is going fine Gordon,” Diane D says.
“Good.  How are the Dianettes and the dancers from the Norton School getting along so far?”
“Well we haven't started rehearsing yet.”
“No?  Alright we'll give it some time.”  Gordon turns to the side and grabs a pot of coffee.  He turns to Mary, Barry, Michael, Tomas and Tonio and asks, “Would you all like some more coffee?”
“More coffee sounds great,” Tonio says.
“Okay.”  Gordon turns to Diane D and Jack and asks, “How about you two Jack and Diane?  Would you two like some coffee?”
“Yeah I can use a cup,” Diane D says.
“So could I,” Jack says.
“Okay,” Gordon says.  Gordon gets up and goes to the back.
Diane D and Jack approach Mary and Barry as Diane D tells them, “Hey Mom, Dad, check this out.”  Diane D shows Mary and Barry the large sheet of paper with twenty sets of shoe prints formed in a dance pattern.  “How do y'all like these dance step patterns Jack and I created?  We're gonna have these dance steps for everybody.”
“Wow, that looks nice Diane,” Barry says.
“It does,” Mary says.
“So y'all think we can do this routine at our next performance?” Diane D says.
“I don't see why not.  That looks real nice.”
Gordon comes back to the front with a pot of more coffee.  Suddenly Horace and a beautiful dark-skinned black female dancer named Cheryl come bursting into the room as Horace shouts, “I'm quitting!”
“So am I!” Cheryl shouts. 
“What!” everyone else in the room shouts as they look at Horace and the Cheryl stunned.  
Mary and Barry get up out of their seats and approach Horace and Cheryl as Barry asks, “What do you mean you‘re quitting?”
“We're outta here, that‘s what I mean!” Horace shouts.
“Why?!” Gordon asks.  “What's going on?!”
“The Dianettes don't want to rehearse with us!  They keep saying they don't want me for their partner!”
“What!” everyone says.
“They don’t want you for a partner?” Gordon asks.
“That‘s what they said!” Horace says.
“Don't tell me that the girls are at it again!” Mary shouts.
“Yes they are! They keep fussing with Miss Margarita, telling her that I smell bad and none of them want me for their partner!”
“They're claiming that you smell bad?” Michael asks.
“Yeah!”
“They told me they don't want me on stage with them!” Cheryl shouts.
“What!” Mary shouts.  “They told you they don't want you on stage with them?!”
“Yeah!”
“When the Dianettes all had to choose a male dance partner, they all skipped and bypassed me!” Horace shouts.  “After a while, it was only two male dancers left, me and Leonard!  When the last two Dianettes had to choose between me and Leonard, they both chose Leonard!  Then they got into an argument with each other and told the other they got Leonard and the other got the smelly one for their partner!”
“What!” everybody says.
“Yeah!  So Miss Margarita told them both that one of them is going to have me for a partner whether they like it or not!  Then they started fussing and complaining to Miss Margarita that if they have to have me for a partner, they weren't gonna participate!  Then Miss Margarita told them none of them is gonna have Leonard, Cheryl is gonna have him!  Then they both gave Cheryl a dirty look.  Then they got mad at her and told her they didn't want her performing on stage with them!”
“What!” Mary shouts.  “You know this is way out of line!  Which two of the girls were giving you two problems?”
“The last two that had to do the picks!”
“Do you know their names?” Barry asks.
“I think one is Nancy and the other one is Lonna!”
“Nancy and Lonna?”
“Yeah that's right,” Cheryl says.  “Their names are Nancy and Lonna.”
“Are you sure it was those two, Nancy and Lonna?” Mary says.  “Because Barry and I are gonna have a talk with them right now!”
“Yeah we're sure it was those two.  They're fussing with Miss Margarita right now.”
“Alright we'll go take care of them.”
“I'll come with you Mom,” Diane D says. 
“No that's okay Diane.  Stay here with Horace and Cheryl until we come back.”  Mary and Barry angrily head to the door as Gordon and Jack follow them.

Mary, Barry, Gordon and Jack look over the balcony of the dance studio looking down at the dance floor across the large room and are stunned to find Nancy and Lonna fussing with the dancers from the Norton School as Margarita try to calm them down.  Mary starts to call out, “Lonna!”
“Nancy!” Barry shouts.
Lonna and Nancy do not hear Mary and Barry calling out to them as they and the rest of the Dianettes continue to fuss with the dancers from the Norton School.  
“Nancy!” Mary calls out.
“Lonna!” Barry calls out.
“Lonna!” Mary calls out.  “Nancy!”
“Nancy!” Barry calls out.  “Lonna!”  

Down on the dance floor, Nancy gets frustrated and walks away from Margarita.  Margarita shouts to her, “A donde vas Nancy?!  Vuelve aqui!”  
Nancy angrily waves her hands towards Margarita and shouts, “I'm not dancing with no funky Romeo!”

Mary, Barry, Gordon and Jack continue to be on the balcony as Mary and Barry call out, “Nancy!  Lonna!”

Down on the dance floor, Nancy angrily leaves the area as Lonna and the dancers from the Norton School continue to argue and fuss with each other.  Margarita looks at Lonna and shouts, “Lonna!”
Lonna ignores Margarita and continues to fuss with the Norton School dancers with her hands on her hips as she shouts, “Go ahead and try it!”
“Lonna!” Margarita shouts again.
Lonna still ignores Margarita as she shouts to the Norton School dancers, “I said go ahead and try it!”
“Lonna I am speaking to you!” Margarita shouts.
Lonna still ignores Margarita as she continues to shout to the Norton School dancers, “Go ahead and try it!”
Margarita becomes frustrated.  She angrily rushes to Lonna, holds her arms and hands up, putting her face right in Lonna's face and shouts, “Lonna I am speaking to you!”
Lonna unphased moves her face away from Margarita's face completely ignoring Margarita and continues to shout to the Norton School dancers, “Go ahead and try it suckaaaa!”

Mary, Barry, Gordon and Jack continue to be on the balcony as Mary calls out, “Lonna!”

Down on the dance floor, Lonna and everyone else turn and look up at Mary.

Mary then shouts, “Come here for a minute Lonna!  I want to speak to you, come here!  Just you, come here!”

Lonna turns and walks towards underneath the balcony where Mary is.  She picks up a foam cup of drink that’s on the side and takes a few sips.  A few witnesses approach her as one of them asks, “What's going on?”  Lonna rudely walks right pass the witnesses ignoring them as she continues to walk towards underneath the balcony.

On the balcony, Barry turns to Mary and says, “While you’re dealing with Lonna, I'm gonna go deal with Nancy.”
“Okay Barry,” Mary says.  Barry turns and goes away as Mary follows him.  

Mary is walking in the hallway downstairs.  She approaches Lonna as Lonna approaches her with the cup of drink in her hand.  She then says, “Lonna, what the heck is going on out there?”
“Nothing's going on,” Lonna says as she rudely fiddles with her nails, not looking at Mary.
“Lonna I just saw you, Nancy and the rest of the girls arguing and screaming at the other dancers, then I saw Nancy angrily walk off.  What was that all about?”
“Nothing.”
“Nothing?  Lonna what's this I hear you and Nancy fussing about Horace and Cheryl, saying that none of you want Horace for a dance partner and y'all don't want Cheryl sharing the stage with you?”
“I don't know what they're talking about.”
“No?  Well Horace and Cheryl came bursting into the office a few minutes ago, claiming they're gonna quit because of you, Nancy and the rest of the girls.”
“I don't know what they're talking about.”
“I'm telling you what they're talking about!  They're threatening to quit and walk out of here like they did before because of you girls again.”
“I still don't know what they're talking about.”
“Lonna what is the problem?  Talk to me.  If you don't tell me what the problem is, I can't help you.  Now I need you to help me help you.  What is the problem with you and the rest of the girls?”
“Nothing.  Nothing's the problem.”
“I see.  So in other words, you're not gonna talk to me about it.”
“Nope.”  Lonna continues to fiddle with her nails, not looking at Mary.
Mary angrily looks up in the air.  She suddenly grabs Lonna by the collar and long necklace chain and pulls Lonna towards her, causing Lonna to spill some drink on herself!
“Aaaah!” Lonna screams as Mary violently pulls and jerks on her!  
Mary pull Lonna’s face right to her own face and says to her, “Well let me tell you what I'm talking about!  You and the rest of the girls better get this chip off your shoulders and you all better get this chip off your shoulders right now because now you're getting me started!”
“Aaaah!” Lonna screams as she tries to break away from Mary.
“Now I'm gonna tell you a message and when I finish telling you this message, I want you to pass the message on to the rest of the girls!”
“Aaaah!” Lonna screams as she still tries to break away from Mary!
Mary continues to pull and violently jerk Lonna by the collar and chain and says to her, “Now I paid these dancers a lot of money to perform at the next show!  I don't want to lose this money on a kind of you and the rest of the girls' attitude!  If I lose any money because of you all, I'm gonna put you all on a new assignment, you got that?” 
“Aaaah!  Help!” Lonna screams still trying to break away from Mary.
Mary continues to pull and violently jerk Lonna by the collar and chain and tells her, “You girls better start shaping up or you all gonna have to deal with me, you got that?!”
“Aaah!”
“Do you get my message?!”
“Aaah!  Help!”
“I asked do you get my message?!”
“Yes!”
“Do you get my message loud and clear?!”
“Yes!”
“Are you sure now?!”
“Yes!”
“Good!  Now pass the message on!” Mary says as she violently shoves Lonna away.  
“Aaaah!” Lonna screams again as she almost falls.  She quickly catches her balance and walks away from Mary.  She takes a sip from the cup giving an attitude.  Mary walks a little towards Lonna angrily looking at her.

Ten minutes later, Mary and Margarita stand there in the doorway of the dance floor underneath the balcony sadly looking in the distance as they hear a loud commotion across the dance floor.

Across the dance floor, Nancy angrily heads towards the exit door and shouts, “Because I really don't give a fuck!”  Miranda, Bernice, Charlotte and Kelly angrily follow after Nancy and grab a hold of her arms as Nancy shouts, “As far as I'm concerned, all those dancers can go to hell!”  Nancy reaches the exit door and angrily shoves the exit door, walking through it with Miranda, Bernice, Charlotte and Kelly walking through it with her.  They are then followed by a group of bystanders.

Mary and Margarita continue to stand there in the doorway of the dance floor as Margarita says, “Usted sabe Mary, no se lo que ha entrado en las ninas.”
“No se que ha metido en ellas Mama,” Mary says.  “Realmente no se.”  Mary and Margarita continue to look out across the dance floor.
















Chapter 13

Diane D’s Absence Causes Tension


The following week at the organization meeting room, Margarita, Kelly, Miranda, Charlotte, Bernice, all the members of the Diaz-Davidson band, members of the Diaz-Davidson Choir and the rest of the Diaz-Davidson Organization smile as they surround Charlotte, Nancy and a middle aged Dominican male dancer as Charlotte, Nancy and the male dancer dance to Salsa music, showing some Dominican dance moves as everyone cheers. Margarita smiles and holds on to Miranda and Lonna hugging them both as they all watch Charlotte, Nancy and the Dominican male dancer dance.  “Wait a minute,” Margarita says.  Charlotte, Nancy and the male dancer stop dancing as they and everyone else turn to Margarita as Margarita says, “Let me show you all how we danced when I was a little girl back in the Dominican Republic.”
“Alriiiight!” the crowd says.
Margarita turns to the DJ and says, “Hit it DJ!”  Margarita approaches the male dancer as the DJ starts to play salsa music.  Margarita and the male dancer twirl and dance to the salsa music showing some Dominican dance moves as everyone else cheers.  
“Now wait a minute,” Kelly says.  Margarita and the male dancer stop dancing.  They and everyone else turn to Kelly as Kelly says, “We don't know if Diane is gonna let us do those Dominican dance moves.  She just might toss it out.  We gotta wait till she gets here and see what she says.”
“Yeah we know,” Margarita says.  “We just wanted to give it a try.”  Margarita places her hands on her hips and asks, “Where is Diane by the way?  She should've been here already.”
“I know,” Miranda says.  “I tried calling her on her cell phone all morning but couldn't get through.”
“I couldn't get through her cell phone neither” Lonna says.
“Neither could I,” Bernice says.
“Maybe she shut her cell phone off?” Billy says.
“No Diane doesn't usually shut off her cell phone,” Margarita says.
“Well let's try calling her cell phone again,” Bernice says.
“Okay.”  Margarita picks up the telephone receiver and dials a number.  She listens into the receiver.  She then hangs up the receiver.  She turns to everybody and says, “There's still no answer.  Her answering service came on.”  Everyone puzzled looks at Margarita.  
Alex worriedly rushes into the room.  He approaches everybody and says, “Hey!  I thought you all said Diane wasn't going to Paris with the Punky Gurlz!”
“What!” everyone shouts as they rush to Alex.
“What are you talking about Alex?” Margarita anxiously asks.
“Didn't you all said that Diane wasn't going to Paris with the Punky Gurlz?” Alex says.
“She's NOT going to Paris with the Punky Gurlz Alex!  What's going on?!”
“Well some guy from the newspaper just called the office downstairs and asked me was Diane D going to Paris with the Punky Gurlz, because they claim they see Diane D secretly rushing luggage into a limousine with the Punky Gurlz right in front of the Marriott Hotel where the Punky Gurlz are staying!”
“What!” everybody anxiously shouts.
“The guy told me that the Punky Gurlz are supposed to fly to Paris today and that they're going to the airport and it looks like the Punky Gurlz are secretly taking Diane with them!”
“What!” the Dianettes shout.
“Is that guy from the newspaper sure it was Diane he saw with the Punky Gurlz?!” Miranda asks.
“He said ‘it is definitely Diane D with the Punky Gurlz!’” Alex shouts. “Those were his exact words!”
“Oh my God!” Margarita worriedly shouts. “Don't tell me that Diane is gonna disappear with the Punky Gurlz!”
“She probably is Grandma!” Nancy shouts.  “No wonder why we haven't heard from her all morning!  No wonder why we couldn't get through to her cell phone!  Those damn Punky Gurlz are sneaking behind our backs plotting to take Diane to Paris with them anyway after we told them they couldn't!”
“And they probably told Diane to shut off her cell phone so there wouldn't be any disturbance!” Lonna shouts.
“My God Grandma!” Charlotte cries.  “What are we gonna do?!”
“We can't let the Punky Gurlz take Diane to Paris!” Bernice cries and shouts.
“Well I heard that limo is still outside in front of the hotel right now!” Alex shouts.
“It is?!” Kelly shouts.  
“Yes!”
“Well we got to go after those Punky Gurlz and get Diane back!”
“Yeah!” Miranda shouts.  “We got to stop those Punky Gurlz from taking Diane away with them!” 
“Don’t worry girls!” Lonna shouts.  “We’re gonna get Diane back!  We’re gonna stop those damn Punky Gurlz from taking Diane with them if it’s the last thing we do!  Come on girls, y'all ready?!”
The Dianettes angrily throw their fists up in the air and shout, “Let's....get em!”  The Dianettes quickly step back then charge forward towards the doorway as Kelly and Miranda push Alex right out the way almost knocking him down as they and the rest of the Dianettes dash out the doorway!
“Girls!” Margarita shouts as she, the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band, members of the Diaz-Davidson Choir and the rest of the organization dash out the room after the Dianettes!

Several people are scattered around the organization hallway.  They suddenly hear the sound of the double doors burst open!  “Look out!” a male voice shouts.   The people turn to look.  They are shocked and stunned to see Charlotte and Lonna racing from the double doors!
Charlotte and Lonna angrily race down the hallway as Miranda, Kelly, Nancy and Bernice race from the double doors and angrily race down the hallway behind them!  Charlotte and Lonna are about to run right past the people in the hallway as the people in the hallway quickly move to the side out of their way!  Charlotte and Lonna run right pass the people in the hallway and continue race down the hallway!  Miranda, Kelly, Nancy and Bernice then run right pass the people and continue race down the hallway behind Charlotte and Lonna!  Margarita, the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band, members of the Diaz-Davidson Choir and the rest of the organization race from the double doors and race down the hallway after the Dianettes!   The crowd in the hallway then turn and race off after Margarita and the rest of the crowd!
Alex hurries from the double doors!  Monique and Harvey who are standing in the hallway approach Alex.  Alex stops as Monique asks, “What happened Alex?!  What's going on?!”
“The girls are going after the Punky Gurlz!” Alex says.
“The girls are going after the Punky Gurlz?!   Why, what happened?!”
“Someone from the newspaper just called here and said they see the Punky Gurlz sneaking Diane off in a limousine in front of the Marriott Hotel!”
“What!” Harvey says.  “Diane is sneaking off with the Punky Gurlz?!  Oh shoot let's go!”  Alex, Monique and Harvey turn and race off after the crowd!

Charlotte and Lonna burst out the back exit door and race out of it as Miranda, Kelly, Nancy and Bernice burst out the door and race out of it behind Charlotte and Lonna!

Charlotte and Lonna race across the parking lot to some vans as Miranda, Kelly, Nancy and Bernice race behind them!  
Charlotte and Lonna reach the first van and open the doors as Miranda, Kelly, Nancy and Bernice reach the van!  They all hop into the van as Lonna gets into the driver's seat and starts up the engine!  The members of the Diaz-Davidson Band rush to a second van behind it and start up the engine as Margarita rushes to the first van where the Dianettes are in!  She gets into the van with the Dianettes!  The rest of the organization members go into two other vans and start up the engines.  The first vans doors close.  It then pulls out, turns and races to the parking lot exit!  It then turns and races down the street as the second van pulls out!  The second van races to the parking lot exit!  It also turns and races down the street as the third van pulls out!  The third van pulls out, turns and races to the parking lot exit!  It then turns and races down the street after the first two vans as several people in the street look on.

Several minutes later, the vans stop at a red light with a few cars in front of them a block away from the hotel.

Inside the van, Lonna sits behind the wheel with Charlotte in the front passenger seat and Kelly, Miranda and Nancy in the second row and Bernice and Margarita in the third row.  They look towards the next block where the hotel is and see a black limousine in front of the hotel.  They suddenly see the Punky Gurlz rushing out of the hotel with luggage.  They see the Punky Gurlz hurry the luggage into the limo.  They suddenly see Diane D rush out of the hotel with luggage.  The Dianettes and Margarita become shocked as Margarita shouts, “Oh no that IS Diane!”  The Dianettes and Margarita then see Diane D go in front of the Punky Gurlz rushing the luggage into the backseat of the limo.  
“Oh my God!” Miranda shouts.  “The Punky Gurlz are sneaking Diane off to Paris with them!”  The Dianettes and Margarita stick their heads out the van and call out towards Diane D and shout, “Diane!  Diane!”  Diane D does not hear the Dianettes and Margarita as she continues to put luggage into the back seat of the limousine.  The Dianettes and Margarita suddenly see the Punky Gurlz rush Diane D into the limousine then see the Punky Gurlz rush into the limousine behind Diane D.  
“We have to step out of the van and go after her!” Bernice shouts.
“We’re not going to catch up to them!” Nancy shouts.  “By the time we run up to them, their limousine will pull off!”
“I can't believe Diane would do this!” Margarita shouts.  “I can't believe she decided to do this!  She's getting ready to do another disappearing act!  Don't worry girls!  I'm gonna have a word with her if we ever catch up to her!  And I'm gonna have a word with those Punky Gurlz too!  Lonna, let's see if we can catch up to that limousine safely, pull over to it!”  The Dianettes and Margarita then see the doors of the limousine closing behind Diane D and the Punky Gurlz.  Margarita and the Dianettes suddenly see the limousine pull out and rush off!  
“Oh no they're getting away!” Charlotte shouts.  
The Dianettes and Margarita lean their heads out the window again and shout out towards the limousine, “Diane!  Diane!”  The Dianettes bring their heads back inside.  “We gotta go after them!” Kelly shouts.
“Oh damn the light is still red!” Lonna shouts.  The traffic light remains red.  “Come on light change!” the Dianettes shout.  The traffic light is still red.  It suddenly turns green.
“Hit it Lonna!” Nancy shouts.  Lonna puts the van into high gear!

The cars in front of the van drive off!  Lonna races the van after the limousine!  The second van races of after the first!  The third van races after the first two vans!  

The limousine quickly turns a corner!  

The Dianettes lean their heads out the window again and call out towards the limousine shouting, “Diane!  Diane!”

The limousine races down the second street as Lonna races the van after it.  The other two vans turn the corner and race after the first van!  The Dianettes lean their heads out the window again and call out towards the limousine again shouting, “Diane!  Diane!”  The Dianettes bring their heads back inside.

The limousine continues to race down the street heading towards the highway with the vans in hot pursuit!

The limousine races into the highway with the three vans still in hot pursuit!  The Dianettes lean their heads out the window again and call out, “Diane!  Diane!”  They bring their heads back inside the van!  

The limousine races down the highway!  The three vans are still in hot pursuit!  The Dianettes lean their heads out the window again and call out, “Diane!  Diane!”  They bring their heads back inside the van!  

The limo races towards JFK Airport with the three vans still in hot pursuit!

The limousine speeds inside the Airport!  It then speeds towards an airport terminal with the three vans still in hot pursuit!
The limousine drives down the airport terminal roadway.  It then pulls up to the curb and stops.  The doors open.  Two of the Punky Gurlz hurry out of the limousine on the passenger side as Punky Gurl 1 and a male limo driver hurry out of the limousine on the driver's side!  

Several yards away, the three vans pull up to the curb and stop.  The doors of the first van burst open!  The Dianettes hurry out of the first van!  They turn and run right towards the limo as the members of the Diaz-Davidson organization hurry out of the second van and run towards the Dianettes!  Everyone else hurry out of the third van and run towards the Dianettes!













Chapter 14

Round 2 Of The Dianettes Vs. The Punky Gurlz!


Lonna and Bernice reach the limousine and run right to Punky Gurl 1 on the driver's side!  They start to pull, grab and pounce on Punky Gurl 1 as Punky Gurl 1 screams with Lonna shouting at her, “Didn't we tell you all that you can't have Diane?!” 
“Didn’t we tell you that Diane belongs with us?!” Bernice shouts as she and Lonna pull Punky Gurl 1’s head backwards!  They pull her away from the limousine as Miranda and Charlotte run to Punky Gurl 3 on the passenger side and Nancy and Kelly run to Punky Gurl 4 on the passenger side.
Miranda and Charlotte angrily pull, grab and pounce on Punky Gurl 3 as Punky Gurl 3 screams with Miranda shouting at her, “Didn't we tell you all not to take Diane to Paris with you?!”  Miranda and Charlotte pull Punky Gurl 3 away from the limousine and beat on her as Nancy and Kelly beat on Punky Gurl 4!  Nancy and Kelly angrily pull, grab and pounce on Punky Gurl 4 pulling her away from the limousine!  They start to beat on Punky Gurl 4 as Lonna and Bernice finish beating Punky Gurl 1!  Lonna then looks at the limousine and shouts, “Where are the other ones!”  Lonna and Bernice turn and reach into the limousine!  They grab and literally pull Punky Gurl 5 right out the limousine as Punky Gurl 5 screams and hollers!  Lonna and Bernice angrily beat on Punky Gurl 5 and bang her head right against the limousine as Miranda and Charlotte finish beating Punky Gurl 3!  Miranda and Charlotte turn and reach into the limousine!  They grab and pull Punky Gurl 6 right out the limousine as Punky Gurl 6 screams and hollers also!   Miranda and Charlotte attack Punky Gurl 6 and viciously beat on her as they bang her head right against their knees!  They then throw her body right against the limousine as she continues to scream!  They then grab her body and throw her hard against the ground as Nancy and Kelly finish beating Punky Gurl 4!  Nancy then looks at the limousine and shouts, “Where’s the other one?!”  Nancy and Kelly turn and reach into the limousine!  They grab and pull Punky Gurl 2 right out the limousine as Punky Gurl 2 screams and hollers!  Nancy and Kelly angrily beat on Punky Gurl 2!  Then they grab her by the head and bang her head and body right against the limousine then throw her head and body away from the limousine knocking her head and body hard against the ground!  A heavy crowd gathers!  Lonna and Bernice finish beating Punky Gurl 5!  They angrily rush from around the driver’s side of the limousine to the passenger side and help Nancy and Kelly attack Punky Gurl 4 as they all pounce on Punky Gurl 4!  They viciously beat Punky Gurl 4 as they grab her head and throw her head and body against the pavement!  The members of the Diaz-Davidson Band, Diaz-Davidson Choir and Diaz-Davidson Organization grab the Dianettes and try to stop them as Punky Gurl 4 continues to scream!  The doors of the limousine suddenly closes!  The Dianettes stop their vicious attack and hysterically turn towards the limousine!  They hysterically rush to the limousine as they cry out, “Diane!  Diane!”  Nancy bends down and quickly grabs a big block of cement from a piece of construction at the terminal!  “Lookout!” a male voice shouts as Nancy turns her face away from the limousine and angrily bashes the block of cement right at the front passenger side of the limousine window smashing the limousine window, shattering glass all over the place!  Nancy turns her head back forward and reaches her hand inside the broken window!  She unlocks the limousine doors and opens the front passenger limousine door as Lonna and Bernice rush back around to the driver’s side of the limousine!  Nancy gets inside the limousine and reaches for the ignition keys as the driver tries to stop her!  Miranda, Charlotte and Kelly open the limousine doors on the passenger side as Lonna and Bernice open the passenger doors from the driver‘s side!  Miranda, Charlotte and Kelly hop into the limousine from the passenger side crying out, “Diane!” as Londa and Bernice hop into the limousine from the other side crying out, “Diane!”  Nancy then steps out and hops into the back passenger side of the limousine!

The Dianettes are inside the limousine crying as they all head towards the backseat of the limousine with them all crying out, “Oh Diane how could you?!”
“Diane how could you do this?!” Miranda cries out.  
“You promised us you wouldn't go with the Punky Gurlz to Paris Diane!” Bernice cries.
“Why Diane?!” Nancy cries.  
“Yeah Diane how could y.......…” Lonna cries.  The Dianettes look at the back seat of the limousine.  They suddenly stop right in their tracks as they shockingly and stare towards the backseat.  
Margarita comes inside the limousine on the driver’s side behind the Dianettes.  She heads towards the backseat too.  She looks towards the back seat.  She stops right in her tracks also as she shockingly stares towards the back seat.  She shockingly looks at the Dianettes as the Dianettes turn their heads and shockingly look at each other with their mouths open.  “Oh my God,” Charlotte says as she shockingly looks at the the other Dianettes.  The Dianettes and Margarita turn their heads back forward and shockingly stare at a person sitting in the back seat.  Lonna then asks, “WWWWWhhhhho are yoouu?”  Margarita and the Dianettes continue to stare at the person in the back seat.  Lonna then shouts, “I asked a question!  Who are you?!”
A young woman, who shares a strikingly eerie resemblance to Diane D with bigger eyes, a smaller, slimmer built and long black hair sits there in the backseat trembling with slight tears in her eyes, nervously says, “I'm Alissa.”
“Alissa?!” the Dianettes shout.
“Yeah.  What's going on?”
The Dianettes and Margarita are speechless.  They continue to stare at the young woman stunned, seeing the strong eerie resemblance she has to Diane D.  The young woman nervously looks at all the Dianettes and Margarita.  The Dianettes and Margarita continue to shockingly stare at the woman not saying a word.  The woman turns her head and nervously looks out the limousine windows at the Punky Gurlz seeing them all hurt and beat up.  She turns her head and nervously looks back at the Dianettes.  The Dianettes and Margarita continue to shockingly stare at the young woman not saying a word.  The young woman puzzled looks at the Dianettes.  The Dianettes start to give the woman a hard stare.  The woman becomes frightened.  She turns her head away from the Dianettes and quickly opens the back door.  She quickly looks back at the Dianettes then nervously turns away from them again and rushes out the back door leaving the limousine!
“Wait Miss!” Margarita shouts.  “Come back!”

The woman frighteningly looks back towards the limo as she runs away from it, then looks forward again as she continues to run off!

“Miss come back!” Margarita shouts.  “Please, come back!”  Margarita turns and heads out the limousine.
The woman runs into the distance as the Dianettes continue to shockingly stare towards her.

The crowd on the curb sees the woman running.  One of the men in the crowd points towards the woman and shouts, “There goes Diane D right now, running away from the limousine!”
The members of the Diaz-Davidson organization start to call out to the woman, “Diane! Diane!  Where're you going?!  Get back here!  Diane!”  The woman runs and disappears into the distance.  
“We gotta go after her!”  Alex shouts.  
The crowd and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Organization are about to go after the woman.  Margarita rushes to them!  She pulls some of them back and shouts, “No don't go after that woman!  That's not Diane!”  The crowd and the members of the organization turn and look at Margarita stunned.  
“What do you mean that's not Diane?!” Harvey asks.
“It wasn't her!  It was a person who looked like her!”
“A person who looked like her?!” the crowd shouts.
“That wasn't Diane we all just saw running from out this limo?!” Alex asks.
“No it wasn't her!” Margarita shouts.  “We don't know where Diane is right now!  But she was never inside this limo!”  The crowd shockingly stares at Margarita.  All of a sudden, there is loud screaming!  Punky Gurl 1 and Punky Gurl 3 angrily approach the limo!  They grab Nancy and pull her out the limousine!  They start to attack Nancy!  The rest of the Dianettes angrily come out of the limousine!  They attack the Punky Gurl 1 and Punky Gurl 3 as Punky Gurl 1 and Punky Gurl 3 fight them back!  
The police and ambulance arrive!  The police and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band, Diaz-Davidson Choir and Diaz-Davidson Organization desperately try to break up the fight!  The police soon grab all the Dianettes and the two Punky Gurlz and pull them apart as the other four Punky Gurlz remain on the ground hurt.  The officers look at all the women!  One of them says, “Dianettes!  Punky Gurlz!  Y'all at it again?!”
“It wasn't our fault!” Punky Gurl 3 shouts.  “They just came out of nowhere and started attacking us for no reason!”
“Well tell it at the station!”
“The station?!” Punky Gurl 1 shouts.
“That's right, the station!  Let's go!”  The police officers grab all the Dianettes, Punky Gurl 1 and Punky Gurl 3 and pull them away as the other four Punky Gurlz remain on the ground with the paramedics and crowd surrounding them.

Several miles away, Diane D and Michael are at the counter of a cell phone store with a black male sales clerk.  The sales clerk pulls the charger out of Diane D's cell phone and asks, “So how long ago did your cell stopped working?”
“Early this morning,” Diane D says.
“Okay.”  The clerk hands Diane D her cell phone.  
Diane D takes the cell phone and dials a number.  She puts the phone to her ear.  She waits for a while.  She turns to Michael and says, “Wow that's strange.  No one's answering at the organization.”
“No?” Michael asks.
“Uh uh. It's always somebody there.”
“Are you sure you dialed the right number?”
“Yeah I'm sure.  No one's there.”
“Hand me the phone.”  Michael takes the cell phone from Diane D.  “I'm gonna step outside and try to call your grandma's cell number to find out where they're all at.  They're all probably wondering where we are.”  Michael turns from Diane D and walks away as Diane D turns and looks at the cell phones on display.

Three minutes later, Michael hysterically bursts back into the store and approaches Diane D as he shouts, “Diane!  We have to get out of here!  I just spoke to your grandma on the phone!  She just told me, that the girls are in police custody!”
“What!” Diane D shouts.  “The girls are in police custody?!  What the hell are you talking about Michael?!”
“The girls heard that the Punky Gurlz were going to Paris today and taking YOU with them!”
“What!  Wait a minute Michael, slow down!  Now what did you just say?!”
“The girls heard that the Punky Gurlz were going to Paris today and taking YOU with them!”
“The Punky Gurlz are going to Paris today and taking me with them?!  Michael I’m not going to Paris with the Punky Gurlz!  Where in the world did the girls hear that from?!”
“Your grandma said some guy from a newspaper called the organization up and told Alex, that they see you packing luggage into some limousine with the Punky Gurlz outside of the Marriott Hotel!  So Alex told everybody else about it and the girls got hysterical!  They and everybody else rushed out the organization, took off in the vans and rushed near the Marriott Hotel!  They stopped at a traffic light a block away from the hotel!  While the girls and your grandma were sitting in the van, they saw the Punky Gurlz and another woman who they all thought was you in front of the hotel, getting into a limousine with a bunch of luggage!”
“They saw the Punky Gurlz and another woman in front of the hotel, getting into a limousine with a bunch of luggage and they thought this woman was me?!”  
“Yeah!  They thought the Punky Gurlz were taking you and sneaking you off to Paris with them, so when the limousine raced off to the airport, the girls and everybody else raced off after the limousine and followed the limousine all the way to the airport!”
“They followed the limousine all the way to the airport?!  Now you got to be kidding Michael!”
“No I'm not kidding Diane!  Your grandma said when the girls were following the limousine, they kept sticking their heads out the van, calling your name out thinking that the woman inside that limousine was you!  Your grandma said when the girls got to the airport, they got out the van and ran straight to the limousine as the Punky Gurlz were getting out of it!  When the girls reached the limousine, they ambushed the Punky Gurlz and started beating the crap out of them!”
“What!”
“Yeah!  They attacked the Punky Gurlz!  They literally pulled the Punky Gurlz right out of the limousine and started beating them, pouncing them, banging them against the limousine and throwing them to the ground!  Then when the girls went into the limousine to cry and complain to you about how could you do this, they got the shock of their life and realized that the woman inside that limousine was not you, but somebody that looked like you!”
“Somebody that looked like me?!”
“Yeah!”
“Well who was this person?!”
“The girls asked the woman who she was and she told them that she's Alissa!”
“Alissa?!”
“Yeah!  Diane when we first met the Punky Gurlz at Gordon's dance studio, didn't they mentioned to you that you look a lot like Alissa?”
“Yeah that's right.  I remember them saying that.  I asked them who Alissa was, but they never got a chance to tell me.”
“Well Alissa is the one everybody thought was you inside that limousine with the Punky Gurlz, that's why the girls followed the limousine and attacked the Punky Gurlz, then the police came!  They took all the girls and two of the Punky Gurlz into custody!  The other four Punky Gurlz were sent to the hospital!”
“What!  Four of the Punky Gurlz were sent to the hospital?!”
“Yeah!  Your grandma said they got hurt real bad when the girls pulled them away from the limousine then beat, pounced and threw them to the ground!”
“Oh my God Michael!  We got to get to the police station!  Which police station are they at?”
“The one near the airport!  Grandma is at the station with the girls right now!  She called up your Mom and Dad and all the girls' families and they all rushed to the police station!  They and everybody else from the organization are at the police station right now!  No wonder why no one was at the organization when we called there, because they all were at the airport, now they’re at the police station!”
“Okay we gotto go!”  Diane D turns to the guy behind the counter and shouts.  “I got an emergency sir!   I can’t stay to look at your chargers!  I’ll be back another time!”
Michael grabs Diane D's hand and they both rush out the door as the guy behind the counter puzzled looks at them!

A couple of hours later, a large group of people including family members of the Dianettes, some children, the members of the Diaz-Davidson band, Diaz-Davidson Choir and Diaz-Davidson Organization stand in the lobby at the police station.  Michael, Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Tonio, Marilyn, Nicolas and Mickey come out from the back.  Everyone approaches them as Alex asks, “How are the girls doing?”
“They're fine,” Margarita says.  “They're okay.”
“Well where are they at this moment?” Lonna’s dad asks.
“They're all in a holding cell right now,” Barry says.
“A holding cell?!” the Dianettes’ family members say.  
“All of them?” Bernice’s mom asks.
“Yep, all of them,” Barry says.
“My God.”
“Well how are the Punky Gurlz doing?” Miranda’s dad asks.
“The two Punky Gurlz in the back room are still hurt,” Tomas says.
“Oh no.  Where's Diane?”
“She's in the back talking with the girls,” Mary says.
“Well how are the four Punky Gurlz that are in the hospital?” Kelly’s mom asks.
“The police got in touch with the hospital and found out that three Punky Gurlz are hurt very bad,” Margarita says.
“Oh no.”
“They said the hospital wants to keep them in there for a few days.”
“Three of them in there for a few days?” Charlotte’s dad Dante asks.  “That means they have to miss getting back to Paris for now.”
“I know,” Barry says.  “It's bad enough they missed their flight from this whole thing.  They're talking about filing charges and a lawsuit against the girls.”
“Oh no!” the Dianettes’ family members say.
“We told the Punky Gurlz we are very sorry for what happened between them and the girls.”
“Margarita what made the girls think that the Punky Gurlz were taking Diane to Paris with them?” Bernice’s mom asks.
“Because Alex said someone from a newspaper called the organization and said that they see Diane loading luggage into a limousine with the Punky Gurlz outside the hotel,” Margarita says.  “Not only that, we haven't heard from Diane all morning.  Then we went near the hotel to check it out for ourselves.  When we sitting at the traffic light a block away from the hotel, we looked and thought the woman with the Punky Gurlz was indeed Diane.  She looked just like Diane, especially from a distance!  Then the woman and the Punky Gurlz got into the limousine.  When the limousine sped away, we thought the Punky Gurlz were trying to get away from us with Diane inside the limousine, which got the girls more upset.  That's why they attacked the Punky Gurlz when the Punky Gurlz’ limousine stopped at the airport terminal.  They thought the Punky Gurlz were sneaking Diane off with them!  Then we just found out a little while ago that the reason why the Punky Gurlz were speeding off to the airport was because they were running late and they didn't want to miss their flight.  They didn't even know we were following after them.”
“Grandma,” Michael says.  “When Diane told the girls that she was not going to Paris with the Punky Gurlz, they didn't think she meant it?” 
“Of course they thought Diane meant it Michael.  But when we all saw this woman who we all thought was Diane getting into that limo with the Punky Gurlz, we thought maybe the Punky Gurlz somehow got Diane to change her mind or something.  We thought maybe the Punky Gurlz bribed Diane with a whole lot more money like they tried to do before!  At Gordon's dance studio, the girls said they overheard the Punky Gurlz in the office, bribing Diane with a whole lot of money if she sneaks off and come to Paris and perform with them!  Not only that, later on that evening, the Punky Gurlz approached me and Tomas at Gordon's dance studio and suggested to us maybe Diane can sneak off to Paris with them without the girls knowing or finding out about it until later!  What else were the girls and I suppose to think?”
A white male police officer and a black male police officer come and approach everyone with a pen and paper in their hands.  “Okay everyone,” the white male officer says.  “Now I need more information for this report.”  The white male officer turns to the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band and organization and says, “Now you all saw this woman get out the limo at the airport and thought that this woman was indeed Diane D?”
“Yes officer,” members of the Diaz-Davidson organization say.
“When did you all realize, that this woman was NOT Diane D?”
“When she ran from the limo and we were all about to go after her,“ Alex says.  “That's when Margarita pulled us back and stopped us and told us it wasn't Diane.”
The black officer turns to Margarita and asks, “Miss Margarita, when did you and the Dianettes realize that the woman sitting in the backseat of that limousine was not your granddaughter Diane D?”
“Well we realized when the girls went into the limo and started to cry and complain to Diane thinking it was Diane at first,” Margarita says.  “Then I went into the limousine and looked in the back of the limo to see Diane.  When the girls and I looked at the person, we became shocked because we thought it was Diane with bigger eyes!  We wondered, how did Diane's eyes get so big!  We know her eyes didn't get big overnight!  We looked at the woman's body frame and thought Diane looks kind of slimmer!  We wondered how did Diane get slim that fast.  We know she didn't get slim overnight.  The girls and I thought no it couldn't possibly be Diane.  That's when we all realized we made an error!  That's when Lonna asked this woman who she was!”
“And the woman told the Dianettes who she was, right?”
“Yes.  She told the girls she was Alissa.”
“Alissa?”
“Right.  Then she asked the girls ‘what’s going on‘.”
“She asked the Dianettes ‘what’s going on’?”
“Yes she did.”
“So this young woman told the Dianettes who she was, then asked a question ‘what’s going on’.  That means you all heard this woman speak, right?”
“Yes we did.”
“How did this woman's voice sounded like when you all heard her speak?  Did she sound like your granddaughter Diane D?”
“No, she didn't sound like Diane at all.  She had a much higher pitch voice when we heard her speak.”
“I see.  Do you know what this Alissa person was doing with the Punky Gurlz?”
“No.  All I know is that she was in the limousine with them.  I don't know why she was with them.”
“Do you know where this woman Alissa is or where she ran off to? Because she's a witness to this whole incident too.”
“No I don't know where she is or where she ran off to.  That's the first, last and only time I or any of the girls ever saw her.”
“Where was Diane D during this whole entire incident?”
“None of us knew where Diane was at first.  We found out later on, that her cell phone stopped working, that's why she never answered her cell phone when we were all trying to call her all morning.  She and Michael were shopping for a cell phone charger.”
“So she wasn't anywhere around when this whole incident happened?”
“No she wasn't.”
“So in other words, she never saw this woman Alissa or came face to face with her?”
“No, Diane never saw Alissa.”
“Okay this is all we need for now.”
“Are you gonna let the girls go now?” Mary asks.
“We still have to wait and see.”
“Aaahhh!” the Dianettes’ family members says.
The officers turn from everybody and walk away.

Later on that night, a heavy crowd of people and reporters are outside the police station as they surround Diane D, her family and Michael as Diane D nervously paces back and forth holding the back of her neck.  Some of the people are holding signs saying: RELEASE THE DIANETTES!  FREE THE DIANETTES!  A male white reporter approaches Diane D and says, “So Diane D, the police still aren't letting the Dianettes go?”
Diane D stops pacing and says, “Please sir.  I’m not in the mood to talk or answer any questions right now.”  Diane D then turns from the reporter and walks away.
The reporter then turns to Michael and asks, “Are the police letting the Dianettes go?”
“No, we're afraid they're not,” Michael says as he turns away from the reporter and follows Diane D.
Diane D and Michael go to the side away from the crowd.  A black man with shoulder length dreadlocks walks past them and shouts to them in a Jamaican accent, “Hey Diane D!  Don't worry!  The Dianettes will be out before you know it!  We got to keep hope alive!”  The man waves his fist in the air and shouts, “Keep hope aliiive!”  Diane D and Michael look at the man as the man continues to chant, “Keep hope aliiive!  Keep hope aliiive!”  The man then goes away.  Diane D holds the back of her neck again as she starts to pace back and forth again.  
Mary and Barry soon approach Diane D as Barry says, “Diane, you've been pacing back and forth all night.  Why don't you go home and get some rest.  I'll stay here and see what happens with the girls.”
“Dad, I can't rest at all unless I know what's gonna happen with the girls,” Diane D says.
“Yeah me neither,” Mary says.  “We'll all wait together.”  Everyone continues to wait as Diane D nervously paces back and forth again.

The following morning, Diane D, Margarita and the rest of their family are inside the lobby of Central Booking.  A male white officer approaches them all and says, “Okay, we're letting the Dianettes go.”  Everyone jumps for joy and shout, “Yippiiii!”
“But they have to appear in court in three weeks.  You all can meet them outside.”
“Thank you officer!” Margarita says.  Everyone excitedly hurries outside the building.

Twenty minutes later, Diane D and the Dianettes are walking on the sidewalk away from Central Booking surrounded by their families, reporters and a crowd of people.  The reporters follow and hurry after Diane D and the Dianettes as one of them, a male white reporter around his early 40’s with light brown hair start to call out to the Dianettes and says, “So Dianettes!  How did you all feel when you all realized, that the young woman sitting inside the backseat of that limousine was not Diane D after all?  How do you feel that you attacked the Punky Gurlz all for nothing?!  Do you all feel guilty about it?!”
“Dianettes!” a white female reporter with blonde hair shouts, “How do you all feel that you caused the Punky Gurlz to miss their flight?!”
“Dianettes!” a male black reporter shouts.  “How do you all feel that you caused four of the Punky Gurlz to land in the hospital?!  Do you feel guilty about that?!”
“Dianettes!” another white female reporter shouts.  “Do you all feel guilty or sorry for what you all done to the Punky Gurlz?!”   Diane D, the Dianettes and their families hurry away from the reporters.  The reporters run a little as they try to catch up to the Dianettes and shout, “Dianettes!  Dianettes!”  The reporters continue to catch up to the Dianettes.

At a newspaper stand, a bundle of newspapers are placed in front of the stand with a headline that reads: ROUND 2 OF THE DIANETTES VS. THE PUNKY GURLZ!

A man is sitting on the bus reading the front cover of another newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANETTES AMBUSH THE PUNKY GURLZ OUTSIDE AIRPORT TERMINAL AS MISTAKEN IDENTITY LEADS TO BRUTAL ASSAULT AT AIRPORT!

People in the street are picking up other newspapers with headlines that read: FEAR OF DIANE D AMONG PUNKY GURLZ INSIDE LIMO SPARKS A FUED!

A man is in a barber shop reading the front cover of another newspaper with a headline that reads: A CASE OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY AS A MYSTERIOUS DIANE D LOOK-ALIKE CAUSES A STIR!

A woman is sitting inside a beauty salon reading the inside article of a newspaper with a headline that reads: MYSTERIOUS DIANE D LOOK-ALIKE CAUSES A STIR!

A shopper inside a supermarket reads a newspaper article with a headline that reads: WHO WAS THE MYSTERIOUS DIANE D LOOK-ALIKE?

Three weeks later, a crowd of people and reporters surround Diane D, the Dianettes and their families outside the court building with Diane D holding on to Charlotte‘s, Nancy’s and Lonna's arms on her right side and holding Miranda‘s, Kelly’s and Bernice's arms on her left side as they all walk towards the courthouse.  The reporters question the Dianettes as a white female reporter hold a microphone to the Dianettes’ mouths and asks, “Hey Dianettes.  Have any of you apologized to the Punky Gurlz for that mistaken identity error at the airport?  Do any of you think you owe the Punky Gurlz an apology?”
A male white report approaches the Dianettes and asks, “Dianettes, do you think that maybe one day you all can just bury the hatchet and will be able to get along with the Punky Gurlz?”  The reporter holds the microphone up to the Bernice’s mouth.  Bernice keeps quiet not saying a word as she, Diane D and the rest of the Dianettes continue to walk towards the courthouse.  The reporter then says, “Do you all want to get along with the Punky Gurlz?”  The reporter holds the microphone back up to Bernice’s mouth again as Bernice remains quiet not saying a word.  Bernice, Diane D and the rest of the Dianettes continue to walk towards the courthouse.

It is three hours later.  Diane D, the Dianettes, their families and everyone from the organization are all in the hallway as they excitingly cheer!  The reporters approach Diane D and the Dianettes as a white male reporter says, “So we see you all have to pay a fine and don't have to spend any jail time, huh?”
“That's right!” the Dianettes say.
“I'm happy for you all.”
“So Dianettes,” a black male reporter says.  “We've heard you all apologized to the Punky Gurlz inside the courtroom for that mistaken identity error, is that true?” 
“Yep, they sure did!” Margarita say.
“Wow that's wonderful!  That’s great!  Well Dianettes, since you all apologized to the Punky Gurlz, maybe there's some hope for you and them after all!  Maybe one day you all can collaborate on stage together with the Punky Gurlz or let Diane D collaborate with them!  What do y'all say to that?”
The Dianettes suspiciously look the reporter.  They then look at Diane D then back at the reporter.  They turn and smile at each other.  They look back at the reporter and shout, “Nooo!”  The Dianettes grab each other's hands and excitingly hurry away, pulling Diane D away with them as Diane D puzzled shrugs her shoulders at the reporter.  The reporters stare at the Dianettes as the Dianettes pull Diane D away with them.

Everyone on the street is excited as they surround Diane D and the Dianettes.  Gracy approaches Diane D and says, “Diane, can I talk to you for a minute?”  Diane D turns and go to the side.

Diane D and Gracy stand on the side as Diane D says, “What’s up Grandma?”
“Hey Diane,” Gracy says.  “Boy I'm glad the trial is over.”
“I'm glad it's over too Grandma.”
“How are the girls holding up?”
“Oh they're doing just fine Grandma.  They're excited to be getting out of here and come home.  They're willing to forget about this whole entire incident and get things back to normal.”
“I know what they mean.  How are the Punky Gurlz doing?   Did you speak to them?”
“Yeah I spoke to them a little while ago.  I told them I'm very sorry things didn't work out between any of us.  They said they feel the same.  Then they told me they're heading back to Paris next week.  The concert they were supposed to have there had to be postponed for another two months.”
“Postponed for another two months?  Why?”
“Their doctors told them they need to rest for a while.”
“I see.”  Gracy and Diane D turn and walk back towards everyone else.

The next day, four people are reading a newspaper headline that reads: DIANETTES ARE CHARGED A FINE AT TRIAL OF ASSAULT ON THE PUNKY GURLZ!  THEY ARE RELEASED TO GO HOME, BUT ARE ON PROBATION!  One of the men turns to the others and says, “The Dianettes were charged a heavy fine and put on probation at their trial yesterday.”
“Yeah I see,” one of the women says.  “It says the Punky Gurlz are flying to Paris next week.”
“Yeah. It also says that the Punky Gurlz think the Dianettes still got over, especially literally pulling some of the Punky Gurlz right out of the limousine like that, banging them against the car and throwing them hard against the ground.”
“I know,” a second man says.  “That’s terrible.”
“It is.  All the Punky Gurlz want to do right now is fly to Paris, go on with their live concert and forget about this whole ordeal.”
“Yeah I don't blame them.  Did the media ever found out who that Diane D look-alike was and why was she inside the limo with the Punky Gurlz?”
“Yeah. They said that the Punky Gurlz hired this woman Alissa to pose as Diane D for their Paris concert?”
“What!” everybody says.  
“Hired this woman Alissa to pose as Diane D!” a second woman says.   
“Yeah!” the first man says.  “They said the Punky Gurlz had always wanted to perform with Diane D and the Dianettes.  They promised their fans in Paris that they would get Diane D and the Dianettes to come to Paris and perform with them.  They didn't know whether they would actually ever get to meet Diane D and the Dianettes so they secretly put in an ad for Diane D and Dianettes look-alikes!”
“What!” everybody shouts.
“The Punky Gurlz secretly put in an ad for Diane D and Dianettes look-alikes?!” the first woman shouts.
“Yeah!  But only a look-alike for Diane D showed up to them.  That look-alike's name turned out to be Alissa.  When the Punky Gurlz actually got to meet Diane D and the Dianettes themselves, the Dianettes refuse to collaborate on stage with the Punky Gurlz and refuse to let Diane D collaborate with the Punky Gurlz, so the Punky Gurlz realized they were in a bind.  They decided that they had no choice but to just bring the Diane D look-alike Alissa to Paris with them.  They planned to put this woman Alissa on stage with them and not put too much stage light on her so the audience wouldn't suspect that she wasn‘t really Diane D.  They wanted to pretend to the audience and have the audience think that they were actually looking at Diane D.”
“My God.  That’s wrong for the Punky Gurlz to do that. How were they planning to pull this whole thing off?  I heard that the woman Alissa don't even sound like Diane D when she speaks.  It was claimed that the woman Alissa had a much higher pitch voice than Diane D's.  Would she have sounded like Diane D when she sings?”
“No, but I heard that the Punky Gurlz took care of that part.  They weren't gonna have that woman Alissa sing alone.”
“They weren't gonna have her sing alone?” the second woman asks.
“No. They were all gonna sing on stage together, singing every word together and sing every phrase together, that way the audience will never know the difference and know that this woman Alissa's voice don't sound deep like Diane D's voice do.”
“Well can this woman Alissa do any of that other stuff Diane D does, like dance or do ballet, tap, do flips and all that acrobatic stuff Diane D does? What would have happened if the audience asked that woman Alissa to do any of that?”
“The Punky Gurlz took care of that also. They would have told the audience that they all were just gonna sing and do nothing else.”
“Wow. Well if nobody seen or heard from that woman Alissa again who knows, she could go off with the Punky Gurlz to Paris or anywhere else in the world and pull that stuff off.”  The people puzzledly look at each other.  They then look back at the article.

At the organization the next day, Michael, Tomas, Mary, Barry and Gordon are sitting drinking coffee.  “I'm happy the trial is over for the Dianettes and they were able to come home,” Gordon says.
“Yeah so are we,” Barry says.
“You know it was hard for me to get the dancers from the Norton Dance School to come rehearse with the Dianettes again.  Especially after they all heard and read about the couple of fights between the Dianettes and the Punky Gurlz.  The dancers said they didn't want any more trouble or problems with the Dianettes.  And I spoke to the Punky Gurlz yesterday.  They're supposed to fly to Paris next week.”
“Yeah we know,” Tomas says.
“Whatever happened to the look-alike the Punky Gurlz hired?” Michael asks.  “The one that unintentionally caused all this stir.  Have the Punky Gurlz been in touch with her since?”
“No,” Gordon says.  “The Punky Gurlz said they haven't seen or heard from Alissa ever since the incident at the airport.  Nobody knows where Alissa is.  The Punky Gurlz have been trying to contact Alissa through her telephone number, but couldn't get through.  All the Punky Gurlz know, is that Alissa cut out and ran away when she witnessed the Dianettes assaulting and beating them like that.  They said Alissa must have been frightened by seeing that assault coming out of no where like that.”
“From what I heard, she was frightened,“ Mary says.  “Mom told me that woman Alissa was nervous and shaking like a leaf when the girls bashed the limo window then went inside the limo shouting and looking at the woman, asking her who she was.“  Everyone stun looks at Mary.














































Chapter 15

Intimidation At The Catering Hall


Inside Cornwell’s Catering And Dance Hall, Nicolas walks with the two Latin female singers Carmen and Rachel who were singing at the Catering Hall before.  He brings Carmen and Rachel all the way to the back of the dance floor where the Dianettes, their boyfriends, Charlotte’s husband Kenny, members of the Diaz-Davidson band, members of the Diaz-Davidson Organization and a crowd of people are sitting.  Nicolas approaches the Dianettes and says, “Hey girls.”  The Dianettes and everyone else turn to Nicolas as Nicolas says, “Remember these two girls who were singing here before?  This is Carmen,” Nicolas says as he points to the slim one with the curly chest length brown hair.  “And this is Rachel,” Nicolas says as he points to the chubby plus size one with the short curly black hair.
“Hi,” Carmen and Rachel say.
“Carmen, Rachel and I were just in the back talking with Mom, Dad, Grandma and Grandpa.  Carmen and Rachel told Mom, Dad, Grandma and Grandpa that they are both interested in doing a performance with you all and Diane.”  The Dianettes look at Carmen and Rachel.  Nicolas then says, “Mom, Dad, Grandma and Grandpa said they don't mind as long as it's okay with you girls.  Would you girls and Diane like to sing and perform on stage with Carmen and Rachel?”  
The Dianettes look at Carmen and Rachel again.  Carmen then says, “These are the lyrics to the song we can all perform together.”  Carmen shows the Dianettes a sheet of paper with lyrics written on it.  She tries to hand the sheet of paper to the Dianettes, but the Dianettes do not take the sheet of paper.  They just look at it.  They then look back at Carmen and Rachel.
“So what do you say girls?” Nicolas asks.  “Are you and Diane interested in singing and performing with Carmen and Rachel?”
“No that's okay,” the Dianettes say.
Carmen, Rachel and Nicolas puzzled look at the Dianettes.  Nicolas then says, “Look, I know you girls don't want to collaborate with any other female singers, but Carmen and Rachel told Mom, Dad, Grandma and Grandpa that they would love to sing and perform with you all and Diane just one time.”
“No thanks,” Miranda says.
“We're not interested,” Nancy say.
“Well Carmen and Rachel already told Mom and Dad if you all didn't want to sing or perform with them, you're more than welcome to be an opening act for them at their College performance next week,” Nicolas says.
“No Nicolas,” Bernice says.  “We're not interested.”
“We're not interested in singing with them or being an opening act for them,” Lonna says.  “Sorry.”
“Maybe they can find somebody else to sing with them or be an opening act for them,” Charlotte says.  Charlotte and the rest of the Dianettes rudely turn away from Nicolas, Carmen and Rachel and go about their business talking to each other and to the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band.  Nicolas, Carmen and Rachel look on at the Dianettes stunned and disappointed.  Nicolas sadly turns to Carmen and Rachel.  He takes them away.  
Nicolas pulls Carman and Rachel to the side.  He then says to them, “I'm sorry ladies, I tried.”
Carmen and Rachel sadly look at Nicolas.  Carmen then says, “Well since the Dianettes are not interested in singing with us or being an opening act for us, what about Diane D?  Can we sing with her?”
“Yeah can we?” Rachel asks.
“Oh I don’t know about that,” Nicolas says, “the girls are not going to feel it.  You heard about what happened between them and the Punky Gurlz when the Punky Gurlz tried to have Diane sing with them, all hell broke loose!  It was all over the newspapers and everything!  You had to have seen and read about it.”
“We did,” Carmen says.  “But I was hoping that maybe we can just try to get Diane D to sing and perform with us if it’s possible.”
Nicolas sighs.  He then looks towards the front entrance.  He then says, “I’ll tell you what.  Why don't you ladies ask Diane yourselves.  She and Michael just walked in.  They’re at the front entrance.”
“They are?” Carmen asks.
“Yeah.”
Carmen and Rachel look towards the front entrance.  They see Diane D and Michael at the front entrance.  They turn back to Nicolas as Carmen says, “Okay we‘ll ask her.  Thanks.”
“Yeah thanks,” Rachel says.  Rachel and Carmen turn from Nicolas and look at the Dianettes.  
The Dianettes continue to talk with their boyfriends, Kenny and the Diaz-Davidson Band members, going about their business not paying any attention to Carmen and Rachel as their backs are towards the front of the dance hall.
Carmen and Rachel turn forward and start to go across the half crowded dance floor.

Carmen and Rachel approach the front of the dance floor where a crowd of people are.  They then see Diane D and Michael coming their direction.  “Diane D!” Carmen and Rachel excitingly shout.  “Diane D!”  Carmen and Rachel excitedly approach Diane D and Michael as Diane D and Michael stop.  Carmen then says, “Hi Diane D!  How are you?!”
“I'm alright,” Diane D says.
“How’ve you been,” Rachel asks.
“Okay I guess.”
“Good.” 
Carmen and Rachel look at Michael as Carmen asks, “And how are you?!”
“I'm okay,” Michael says.
“Good.  Nice to meet you two.  I'm Carmen and this is Rachel.  You remember us when we were singing on stage before?”
“Yeah I remember you two,” Diane D says.  “Y'all were great.”
“Thanks  Diane D.  We were just speaking with your brother Nicolas and your parents and grandparents in the back.”
“You were?”
“Yeah,” Rachel says.  “We told your brother and the rest of your family that we would love to sing and perform on stage with you and the Dianettes.” 
“What?” Michael says.  “You two want to sing and perform with Diane and the girls?”
“Yeah,” Carmen and Rachel say.
“I doubt that's gonna be possible ladies.”
“That's the same thing your parents and grandparents said in the back,” Carmen says.  Carmen looks at Diane D and says, “Wouldn't you like to try to sing with us Diane D?”
“Listen ladies,” Diane D says. “Personally, I would not have a problem with it.” 
“You wouldn't?”
“No.”
“Well that should settle it then.  This is the song we were hoping you can perform with us, the English version.”  Carmen hands Diane D the sheet of paper with the song lyrics written on it.  Diane D and Michael look down at the sheet of paper.  Carmen then says, “We also have a Spanish version, just in case we decide to sing the song in Spanish.  Your brother Nicolas already asked the Dianettes about it, but the Dianettes weren't too..…”  Carmen and Rachel take a quick glance towards the back of the dance floor at the Dianettes.  They suddenly become stunned as they look at the Dianettes.

At the back of the dance floor, Lonna, Miranda, Kelly, Charlotte, Nancy and Bernice are sitting on stools with their backs facing Carmen and Rachel, but their heads are facing around towards Carmen and Rachel.  They angrily stare all the way across the half crowded dance floor right at Carmen and Rachel giving them cold stares.  The Diaz-Davidson Band members and other people on the chairs look at Lonna, Miranda, Kelly, Charlotte, Nancy and Bernice.  They then look at Carmen and Rachel also.

Back across the front of the dance floor, Carmen and Rachel become nervous as they look at the Dianettes.  Diane D and Michael continue to look down at the sheet of paper, not noticing the Dianettes‘ behavior.  Carmen and Rachel quickly turn back to Diane D as Carmen says, “Um Diane D?”  Diane D looks up at Carmen as Carmen says to her, “Can we step over there for a minute?” as she points to a little hiding spot behind another group of people that are standing near the front entrance.  Carmen and Rachel take Diane D and Michael near the front entrance.  

Carmen and Rachel stand Diane D and Michael right behind the group of people, hiding Diane D and Michael away from the Dianettes’ view.  Diane D and Michael continue to look down at the lyrics on the sheet of paper.  Carmen and Rachel look at each other.  They turn from each other and secretly take a peek through the group of people and look towards the back of the dance floor.  They do not see any of the Dianettes or anybody else at the back of the dance floor.  They become stunned.  They puzzled look at each other wondering where the Dianettes go.  They turn their heads back forward and secretly take a peak through the group of people again and this time, they look towards the dance floor.  They suddenly see all the Dianettes angrily walking through the half-crowded dance floor towards the front!

Miranda, Lonna, Kelly, Charlotte, Nancy and Bernice angrily walk through the half crowded dance floor, looking towards the group of people near the front entrance trying to see Carmen and Rachel as the Diaz-Davidson Band members and other people follow them!   Miranda, Lonna, Kelly, Charlotte, Nancy and Bernice suddenly face forward and hurry through the half crowded dance floor with the Diaz-Davidson Band members and other people hurrying behind them!  

Carman and Rachel quickly turn back to Diane D as Carmen says, “Diane D we have to go.”
“Already?” Michael asks.
“Yeah.  But if you're interested in singing with us, here's our card and number.”  Carmen quickly hands Diane D a business card.  “We gotta go.  By.”  Carmen and Rachel turn and hurry away from Diane D and Michael!  They rush right to the front door!
Carmen and Rachel reach the front door.  They quickly open the front door and rush right out of it!
Diane D and Michael puzzled stare at the front door as Michael says, “What was that all about?”
“I have no idea,” Diane D says as she and Michael continue to stare towards the front door.
















Chapter 16

Controversy Over Snatched Chains As Dana Strikes Police!


A week later, Diane D's family, relatives and a lot of other people are at a church function again.  Dana’s sister Landa, one of the triplets, and her boyfriend Chad hysterically come into the church!  Landa approaches everybody and shouts, “Hey everybody!  I just got my chains snatched!”  
“What!” the entire crowd shouts as they rush to Landa.
“You got your chains snatched?!” Mary shouts.
“Yeah!  Right outside the mall!”
“Outside the mall?!” Margarita asks.  “Well how did it happen?!”
“Chad and I went to the mall!  I had the necklace chains around my neck, then we went outside the mall!  Chad went back in the mall real quick because he forgot his receipt so I waited for him outside the mall!  While I was waiting for him, some guy ran right up to me and snatched my diamond necklace chains right off me!”
“What!” the crowd says.
“Yeah!  This guy pulled my chains so hard it made me fall!  Then the guy ran off with my chains!”
“What!”  The crowd gently hold on to Landa, checking all on her.
“Are you alright Landa?!” Barry asks.  “Did you get hurt real bad?!”
“My neck hurt when he ripped the chains from it,” Landa says.  “And I got hurt a little when I fell on the ground, but other than that, I'm alright.”
“You need us to take you to the hospital?!”
“No I don't need a hospital Uncle Barry.  I'm okay.”
“Well were the hell is this guy?!  We're gonna go after him!”
“I tried to look for the guy Uncle Barry,” Chad says, “but I couldn't find him!”

A few hours later, Dana’s other sister Missy and her boyfriend James come in the church.  “Hey everybody!” Missy shouts.  “Look what James just bought me!”  Missy is wearing three diamond necklace chains.  
Everybody goes to look at Missy's chains.  “Hey!” Landa shouts.  “That's my necklace!”
“Your necklace?” Missy and James say.
“Yeah!  That's my necklace!  Chad bought that for me a little while ago!”
“How can it be your necklace Landa?” Missy says.  “James just bought it and gave it to me!”
“Yeah but it was snatched from me!  This guy snatched it from me right outside the mall and ran off with it!”
“Oh my God Landa!  You got your necklace snatched?!”
“Yeah!”
“Oh no!” James shout.  “Did you get hurt?!”
“I got hurt a little, but I'm alright.”
“James where did you get the necklace chains from?” Chad asks. 
“I just bought the necklace chains from some guy up the street who's selling jewelry,” James says.  
“Really? Well let's go up the street and find this guy.”  Chad and everybody else turns and heads towards the exit.

Around an hour later, everyone comes back in the church.  They all turn to Landa as Mary asks, “So that wasn't the same guy who snatched the necklace chains Landa?” 
“No it wasn't him Aunt Mary,” Landa says.  She turns to Missy and says, “So Missy can I have my jewelry back?”
“No,” Missy says.  “It's mines.”
“No it's my jewelry.”
“No it isn't!”
“Okay cool it girls!” Barry shouts as he and everyone else get in between Landa and Missy.

An hour later inside the church, Diane D is standing in front of a desk speaking into her cell phone as she frustratingly takes some items off the desk and throws them to the side shouting into her cell phone, “You gotto give me a chance to look for them Miss Graham!  I just got here!”  Diane D then sits down on the chair as she continues to speak into the cell phone.  She then hears bickering across the room.  She turns her head and angrily looks across the room.  She sees Landa and Missy fussing with each other.  She turns her head back and speaks back into her cell phone and says, “Hold on Miss Graham.”  Diane D angrily turns back towards Landa and Missy and shouts, “Listen you two!”
Landa and Missy look towards Diane D.  
Diane D then shouts, “If y'all don't stop arguing and fussing over there, I'm gonna come over there and break those damn diamond necklace chains!”
Landa and Missy look at Diane D stunned.  
Diane D angrily looks away from Landa and Missy and speaks back into her cell phone.  Mary comes into the room besides Diane D and hollers at Landa and Missy shouting, “Okay you two, cut it out now!”
“But the necklace belongs to me Aunt Mary!” Landa shouts.  
“No it doesn't!” Missy shouts.  “It belongs to me!“
“I don't want to hear anymore of this!” Mary shouts.  Diane D looks at Mary.  She then gets up from the chair as she continues to speak into her cell phone.  She gently holds Mary's shoulder and upper back as she passes behind Mary.  Mary gently pats Diane D's hand as Diane D leaves from behind her.  Diane D turns and swiftly walks away towards the doorway, continuing to speak into her cell phone.  She then walks out the doorway and turns, leaving the room as Mary continues to holler at Landa and Missy shouting, “Just cut it out!  And I mean it!”  Mary angrily stares at Landa and Missy.  She turns around and walks back out the room.

It is two hours later.  Landa and Missy are arguing and fussing in the church lounge as Missy shouts, “Look what you just did!  I'm gonna make you pay for this!”  Mary, Barry and everyone else come between Missy and Landa.  They see Missy’s chain broken up.  Dana and her Jamaican relatives come into the church.  Mary, Barry and everyone else sit both Missy and Landa down on the chairs.  Dana and her Jamaican relatives come to the commotion.  Landa and Missy calm down as Dana and her relatives approach them.  Dana looks at Missy and Landa and asks, “What's the matter?” 
“Landa and Missy both claim these necklace chains are theirs and we don't know which one of them the jewelry belongs to,” Mary says, “that's why they were fussing.  They started snatching the chains from each other and broke the chain apart.”
“What!” Dana’s Jamaican relatives say.
Mary shows the broken chains to Dana and says, “They broke it right in two.”  
Dana takes the chains as she and her Jamaican relatives examine them.  Dana turns to Mary and says, “I'll take the chain upstairs and see if I can fix it Aunt Mary.”  
“You will?”
“Yeah.  I'll bring it back.”
“Okay Dana.”
Dana turns away as her Jamaican relatives follow her.  She goes to the staircase with the broken chain as her Jamaican relatives go up the staircase behind her.

Twenty minutes later, Mary brings Landa, Missy and a white female police officer with brunette hair into the office.  The female police officer turns to Landa and Missy and says, “Now what I need right now, is for one of you to take a seat down on the chair in front of me, then I'll have the other one sit.”
Landa and Missy both try to sit on the chair first.  They are sitting on it at the same time.  They try to push and shove each other off the chair.  Mary steps in and pulls the chair right from underneath them.  Landa and Missy both fall on the floor landing on their behinds!  Mary turns to the female officer and tells her, “Never mind.  You don't need to make a report about the jewelry.  I'll walk you out.”  Mary and the female officer turn away and walk towards the door.

Inside the lounge area, Dana‘s other sister Londa and her boyfriend Rick and other sister Linda and her boyfriend Terrance come in all smiling and carrying shopping bags.  They suddenly hear fussing going on.  They turn to look.  They see Landa and Missy physically fighting as Mary, Barry, their relatives and the rest of the crowd go right between them again, trying to stop the fight.  Londa, Rick, Linda and Terrance rush towards the commotion!  They grab and hold Landa and Missy, trying to keep them apart, but Landa and Missy keep going at each other grabbing and holding each other!  
Dana and her Jamaican relatives suddenly come down the stairs!  They rush to the commotion!  
Dana approaches Landa and Missy.  She suddenly bends down at Landa’s and Missy‘s knees.  She bends back up and lifts both Landa and Missy high in the air by their waist and knees as Landa and Missy and the crowd frighteningly scream!  Dana hurries and carries both Landa and Missy to the couch as everybody continues to scream moving out of the way shocked and stunned at Dana‘s superhuman strength!  Dana angrily plots both Landa and Missy down on the couch as the crowd comes around them!  Landa and Missy nervously look at Dana as Dana stands over them, angrily throwing her arms towards them shouting, “Stop fighting!  None of y'all are gonna fight anymore!” 
A stocky black male police officer and three other male officers come out of nowhere and suddenly approach Dana.  “What's the problem ma'am?” the black male officer asks.
Dana turns her head towards the officer.  She puzzled looks at him.  She then turns towards the crowd and shouts, “Yo who the fuck called the cops?!”
“No one called us Miss!  We just happened to be across the street taking care of another incident when three people from inside this church ran across the street to get us, telling us that there is fighting going on inside here!”
“Yeah it was fighting going on inside here, but we don't need you.  I'll handle the situation.”
“Ma'am, when we came in the church, we saw you carry these two ladies to the couch!”
“Yeah these two ladies were fighting, but we don't need the police, we'll handle the situation ourselves.  Y'all can leave.”
“No we're not gonna leave.  We are gonna arrest these two young ladies.”
“What!” the crowd shouts.  “Arrest them?!”
“Arrest them for what officer?!” Barry shouts. 
“For disorderly conduct!”
“Disorderly conduct?!” the crowd shouts.
Dana slowly faces her body towards the officer and shouts, “I thought I told you we'll handle the situation ourselves goddammit!”  Mary, Barry, their relatives and Dana’s Jamaican relatives quickly come in front of Dana to calm her as Dana continues to shout, “These two ladies are my sisters, leave them alone!  I'll take care of them!”
“We're still gonna arrest these two young ladies, whether you like it or not Miss!” the officer shouts.
“No you're not gonna arrest them!”
“Oh yes we are!”
“Oh no you're not!  Don't put your fuckin hands on them!”
“Don't tell us what to do!  We're still gonna arrest these two women!”  The officer turns to his officers and says, “Charlie and Greg go slap the cuffs on these two ladies.”  One of the other officers go to Landa while the other goes to Missy.  Dana turns and kung fu kicks the first officer right in the groin then turns and kung fu kicks the other officer in the groin as everybody start to scream and panic!  Mary, Barry and their relatives grab and hold Dana as she tries attacking the cops!  The other cops try to grab Dana, but Dana tries attacking them as well!  More cops come into the church!  They approach Dana and subdue her!  They slap the cuffs on Dana and arrest HER instead.

The next day, Diane D’s family is inside the organization reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA STRIKES AGAIN!  DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA IS ARRESTED AGAIN!  THIS TIME SHE CAUSES THREE MALE COPS TO LAY IN HOSPITAL SUFFERING FROM INJURIES!

Two months later, several people are reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA SENT TO MENTAL INSTITUTION

Inside the living room, Nicolas’ family and relatives anxiously surround him as he hysterically speaks into the telephone receiver shouting, “I don't know why Dana!”  Nicolas takes the phone receiver from his ear and holds his hand over the phone receiver.  He turns to his family and says, “Dana just found out from her lawyer that Landa really had her jewelry snatched!  Her  lawyer asked her was she there when Landa's jewelry got snatched!  Dana didn't know what the hell he was talking about!  She asked him 'what does he mean Landa got her jewelry snatched!  Her lawyer assumed she knew about the whole thing!  When Dana's lawyer told her some guy snatched Landa's jewelry right outside the mall and Landa got hurt a little, Dana got very hysterical and told her lawyer ‘no she wasn't there‘!  Then she got angry, called here and started screaming and cursing in my ear wanting to know why the hell didn't we tell her what really happened!   She wants to know why didn't we tell her that Landa really got her jewelry snatched and why didn't we tell her Landa got hurt!”  Nicolas gets back on the phone receiver and says, “Yeah Dana, Landa did get hurt from that incident, but she's alright now!  .....  I don't know who the guy who snatched her jewelry is or where he is! .....  No I don't!  Dana, why do you want to know who the guy is or where he is?! ..... What!”  Nicolas holds his hand over the phone again.  He turns to his family and shouts, “She just yelled and said if she ever finds out who the guy is that snatched her sister's jewelry or finds out where he is, she's gonna hunt him down and go after him whenever she comes out the mental institution!”
“What!” the family shouts. “Go after him?!”
“My God we don't need another Felix Green incident!” Gracy shouts.
“No we sure don't!” Barry shouts.  “Hand me that phone!”  Barry takes the telephone receiver out of Nicolas’ hand.  He yells into the phone shouting, “Now Dana, you're gonna do no such thing!  You're not gonna go after anybody!  This is exactly the reason why we didn't tell you about this incident in the first place!  You don't need to get into anymore trouble! ..... No Landa and Missy aren't fighting anymore!  Missy decided to give the jewelry to Landa since the jewelry was rightfully Landa's in the first place!  You don't have to worry, Landa and Missy are not fighting anymore! ..... Yes I'm sure, they're not fighting! ..... Okay? ..... Good.  Now Dana, the family and I are gonna come visit you tomorrow okay?  Now get some rest.  We'll see you first thing in the morning alright?  We all love you and we want you to come home soon .....  Okay.  We'll see you tomorrow.  Bye now.”  Barry hangs up the telephone.  He turns to his family and says, “She really calmed down a lot as soon as I was sure to her that her sisters aren't fighting anymore.”
“She did?” Mary says.
“Yeah.”
“Oh that's good.”  Everybody turns and leave the living room.

Four months later, a man is at a bus stop reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA IS RELEASED FROM MENTAL INSTITUTION!

At Gracy and Mike’s house, Diane D's family and relatives are all celebrating Dana's home coming.  Nicolas approaches Mary, Barry and Gracy on the side and secretly speaks to them.  He says to them, “Y'all know what?  Dana came to me a little while ago and asked me, have I ever found out who that jewelry snatcher guy is, where he is or what he looks like.”
“What!” Mary, Barry and Gracy shout.  
“She did?” Mary asks.  “My God, she sure didn't waste any time to ask about him.”
“She certainly didn't,” Barry says, “after I told her not to get into anymore trouble.”
“Where did she go?” Gracy asks.
“She just went in the kitchen with Diane,” Nicolas says.
“Come on everybody,” Mary says.  “It's time for us to have a talk with Dana.”  Mary, Barry, Gracy and Nicolas start to head towards the kitchen.




















Chapter 17

The Motorcycle Chase!


At the organization the next day, Diane D's family and the Diaz-Davidson Choir stand around talking and fussing.  Barry approaches his family and says, “I just heard you all found out who the guy is that snatched Landa's jewelry and went to the projects where he hangs out to confront him.”
“Yeah we did Dad,” Nicolas says.
“Well who is this guy?”
“Some guy named Bubby Owens.”
“A guy named Bubby Owens?  How did you all find out who he is?”
“Because a few days after he snatched Landa's jewelry, he started bragging to the people in that neighborhood that he snatched one of Diane’s relative’s jewelry,” Mary says.  “Sooner or later, the people that he bragged to told other people about it.  Then the other people started telling everybody else about it, the word kept spreading around then the word winds up getting back to a couple of the choir members, then the choir members told everybody here about it.”
“Now everybody here knows the guy who snatched Landa's jewelry's name is Bubby Owens,” Margarita says.
“The worst thing about it,” Nicolas says, “is that the word somehow got to Dana, and now she knows the guy who snatched Landa's jewelry's name is Bubby Owens and knows where the neighborhood is he hangs out at.”
“She does?” Barry asks.
“Yeah. Mickey told us Dana told him she's gonna pay a visit to the neighborhood Bubby Owens hangs out at.”
“What!  Dana told Mickey she's gonna pay a visit to that neighborhood?!”
“Yeah.  As soon as we heard about that, we all went and yelled at Dana and told Dana she's not gonna go anywhere near that neighborhood and to stay away from it!  She told us she has a friend who lives in that neighborhood and wants to visit that friend.”
“A friend who lives in that neighborhood and wants to visit that friend?! What friend?!  What's their name?!”
“Good question,” Mary says.  “She never told us this friend's name!”
“She never?  My goodness.  Where's she at now?”
“She and Diane went riding on the motorcycles.”
“She and Diane went riding on the motorcycles?!  My God!  Did they say where they were going?!”
“Yeah,” Gracy says.  “Dana told us she was gonna go to the pharmacy to pick up her prescription.  Diane told us she's gonna go with Dana to keep an eye on Dana, to make sure Dana doesn't go anywhere near Bubby Owens' neighborhood.”
“Diane told you all that she's gonna go with Dana to keep an eye on Dana, to make sure Dana doesn't go anywhere near Bubby Owens' neighborhood?!”
“That‘s what she said.”
“That wasn’t a good idea!”
“It wasn’t?”
“No!  That was a bad move!”
“Bad move?” Grandpa Mike says.  “Why do you say that Barry?”
“I mean it’s great and dandy that Diane went to keep an eye on Dana, but who’s going to keep an eye on Diane?!  Diane is just as bad as Dana!   She and Dana both have bad tempers, they both been committed to mental institutions, they are always getting arrested and you wind up having to keep bailing both of them out of jail Dad!”  Barry then sighs and says, “Well I hope both Diane and Dana took their medications this morning.”
“Yeah they both took their medications this morning Barry,” Gracy says.  “I was with them in the kitchen when they took their medication.  I made sure they both swallowed it too.”
“You did?”
“I sure did.”
“That’s good Mom, but someone still should have went with both Diane and Dana because I‘m not feeling this.  I‘m afraid sooner or later, we‘re going to hear something about Dana or Diane or both.”  Gracy, Grandpa Mike, Mary, Nicolas and the rest of the family worriedly look at Barry.

Around 45 minutes later, Diane D and Dana enter a hospital lobby both dressed in identical black corduroy jackets, black matching pants and holding white helmets with black designs in each of their hands with their long black hair in a half-braid and half-ponytails hanging down their backs as they follow a black, male security guard.  Diane D turns to Dana and whispers, “I thought you had to go to the pharmacy to pick up your prescription Dana.”
“I do,” Dana says, “but after I visit my friend.”
“What friend?   I keep telling you, there's no visiting hours at this time.  Now if nobody else can visit patients at this moment, what makes you think you can?”
“Because it's important for me to visit my friend at this moment.  It's an emergency.  He has something of mines and I want it back.  The security guard is gonna make an exception for me.”
“He is?”
“Yeah.”
“You still haven't told me your friend's name yet.”
“I'll tell you his name later Diane.  I just have to visit him real quick.”  Dana and Diane D turn forward and approach the information desk with the security guard.  
The security guard turns to Dana and says, “Now I'm only escorting you upstairs because it's non-visiting hours right now.  But it seems so important for you to visit your friend at this moment.”  The security guard turns to Diane D and says, “Are you going up too?”
“No I'm not going up,” Diane D says.  “Dana already told me she wants to go up alone.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Diane I don't know how long I'll be up there and I don't want to keep you waiting,” Dana says.  “Why don't you just meet me back at home.”
“Meet you back at home?”
“Yeah.  Come on.  I'll walk you to the door.”  Dana turns Diane D around.  She gently hugs and holds onto Diane D's upper back as she walks Diane D towards the front exit.
“Miss!” the security guards voice says.
Diane D and Dana stop and turn their heads around towards the security guard.
“Where're you going?” the security guard asks.  “Remember this is non-visiting hours!  We have to hurry and get this visiting over with!”
“Okay!”  Dana turns to Diane D and says, “I'll see you at home.”  Dana turns away and hurries towards the security guard.  
Diane D puzzled stares towards Dana as she moves a little towards Dana's direction then stops.  She continues to stare towards Dana's direction.  She then turns back around and walks towards the exit door.  “Diane D!” a crowd’s voice shout.  “Oh my God it's Diane D!”  Diane D hears her name being called and stops walking.  She puzzled turns around to look.
A heavy crowd of adults, teenagers and children all of mixed ethnic groups excitedly rush to Diane D and shout, “Diane D!  It's Diane D!  Oh my God!”
“Hi Diane D!” a man in the crowd excitingly shouts.  “How are you?!  What are you doing here in the hospital?!”
“I came here with my cousin,” Diane D says.
“Your cousin?!  Was that your cousin Dana who was walking away with that security guard?!”
“Yeah that was her.”
“We thought that looked like her.  It's nice to see you Diane D!”  The crowd excitingly surround Diane D as the man asks, “Where are the Dianettes?”
“What are you doing with a helmet Diane D?!” a teenage boy asks. 
“Yeah we saw your cousin Dana holding a helmet too!” a lady in the crowd asks.  “Are you two riding on motorcycles?!”
“Hey look Diane D!” another man in the crowd says.  “We're wearing T-shirts with a picture of a woodpecker and you and the Dianettes' name and song title 'Country Life, City People' on it!  See?” The man and a few other adults and children smile and stand in front of Diane D, showing her a picture of a woodpecker on each of their colorful T-shirts with words that read: DIANE D AND THE DIANETTES' song 'COUNTRY LIFE, CITY PEOPLE'.  Diane D looks at all the T-shirts.  “See Diane D?” the man says.  “What do you think?”
Diane D just nods her head at all the T-shirts not showing too much emotion.
“So Diane D, where are the Dianettes?!” a boy in the crowd asks.
“Yeah we would like the Dianettes to see this too!” a woman wearing a T-shirt says.  The people continue to stand in front of Diane D smiling and showing her their T-shirts.
“Diane D!” the security guard’s voice shouts.  Diane D and the crowd turn and look.  They see the security guard and three other male security guards rush to them as the security guard shouts, “Diane D!  Thank God you're still here!  You're cousin Dana is gone!”
“Dana is gone?!” Diane D shouts.  “What the hell you're talking about Dana is gone?!”
“We don't see her anywhere!  She disappeared somewhere!  So did my gun!”
“What!  Your gun is missing?!”
“Yeah!” the second security guard shouts.  “We think your cousin Dana took his gun because he doesn't have it on his holster!”
“No wonder why your cousin was so desperate to visit a friend during non-visiting hours!” the first security guard shouts.  “She wanted to be escorted so she can be close enough to me to steal my gun!  I was wondering why she was standing so close behind me when we were waiting for the elevator!  When the elevator came, the door opened and I walked in the elevator!  I turned around towards your cousin, but I didn't see her!  She just disappeared!  The next thing I knew my gun was gone too!  I panicked and started to look for your cousin Dana but couldn't find her anywhere!  Then I alerted the rest of security, now the whole hospital is looking for your cousin!  I think your cousins Dana was planning to steal my gun all along because she never even went upstairs to this so called patient's hospital room!”
“We don't know whether or not your cousin Dana is still in the building!  Did you see her go by?”
“No I didn't!” Diane D shouts.
“She must have went out the side exit or the back exit!  We already called the police!  They're on their way over!”
“Diane D, I don't even think your cousin Dana knows you're still here!” the first security guard shouts.  “She stole my gun thinking you already stepped out of the hospital and on your way home already!  We gotta stop your cousin Dana before she gets away!  How did you two get here!”
“On the motorcycles!” Diane D says.
“Motorcycles?!  Where are the motorcycles parked?!”
“They're parked down the street!”  Diane D turns and anxiously rushes to the exit door as the security guards and crowd of people anxiously rush behind her!

Dana is rushing down the street hurrying away from the hospital.  She stops in her tracks and sees two parked motorcycles instead of one.  She is stunned to see Diane D's motorcycle still around.  She nervously looks back towards the hospital then looks back at Diane D's motorcycle.  She rushes to the two motorcycles.
Dana nervously looks back towards the hospital then looks back at Diane D's motorcycle again.  She quickly gets on her motorcycle.  She puts her helmet on then quickly starts up the motorcycle engine as it roars!  Dana starts to pull off into the street and looks back for oncoming traffic!  The coast is clear so she pulls off and races her motorcycle down the street as it roars!

Diane D, the security guards, four extra security guards and the crowd of people rush to the curb then look down the street!  They see Dana speeding away, roaring her motorcycle down the street into the distance as the security guard shouts, “There she is!  Speeding away with my gun!”
“Dammit Dana!” Diane D shouts.  She turns to the security guard and says, “I'll go after her and get your gun back!”  Diane D hurries away from the security guards and the crowd and races down the street!
“Diane D!” the crowd shouts.  The security guards and the crowd of people race down the street after Diane D!  
Diane D almost bumps into some paramedics as they pull some stretchers out of the ambulances!  Diane D anxiously waits for the paramedics and stretchers to go by.  She then continues to run down the street!

Diane D runs to her motorcycle.  She gets on her motorcycle then quickly puts her helmet on as the security guards and crowd run to her. 
“Diane D!” the crowd shouts.  
Diane D starts up the motorcycle engine as it roars!  The security guards and crowd of people reach Diane D as she starts to pull off into the street.  Diane D looks back for oncoming traffic!  The coast is clear so Diane D pulls off and races her motorcycle down the street as it roars!  The security guards and the crowd of people stand and watch as Diane D speeds and roars her motorcycle down the street into the distance!  The security guard turns to the other security guards and says, “Wow look at her go!”
“We got to follow them!” the other security guard says.  The security guards turn and race to two patrol cars!  
The third and fourth security guards quickly get into either side of one of the patrol car as the fifth and the sixth security guards quickly get into either side of the second patrol cars!  The patrol cars back up and pull out into the street!  They then go forward, racing down the street!  
The second security guard turns to the first security guard and tells him, “We gotta call the police back and tell them that Diane D's cousin Dana left the building with the gun already, going southbound down the highway on a motorcycle!”  The first security guard gets on his cell phone as everyone else continue to watch as Diane D's motorcycle roar and disappear into the distance.

Diane D races her motorcycle down the highway service road looking towards the highway.  She sees Dana racing her motorcycle down the highway.  Diane D anxiously beeps the horn!  Dana turns her head towards Diane D.

Dana is shocked and stunned to see Diane D!  She angrily faces forward and speeds her motorcycle to the left passing a car!

Diane D sees Dana speeding away!  She angrily faces forward and speeds her motorcycle down the service road!  Diane D and Dana both race their motorcycles down the highway and service road!

The patrol car races down the highway service road!

Diane D and Dana continue to race their motorcycles alongside each other down the highway and service road!

Diane D enters the highway ramp looking back for oncoming traffic!  The coast is clear so she speeds her motorcycle down the highway!  She catches up to Dana and races right behind Dana following Dana!  
Dana quickly looks back towards Diane D then looks forward and speeds her motorcycle to the right, passing a car!  
Diane D speeds her motorcycle to the left, passing another car!  Then she speeds her motorcycle to the right and speeds right behind Dana again!  Diane D continues to speed behind Dana!  Dana quickly looks back towards Diane D then looks forward and speeds her motorcycle to the right!  Diane D speeds her motorcycle to the right continuing to follow Dana!  Diane D speeds to the right again and rides alongside Dana as she and Dana start to slow down.

Several police cars race down the highway, giving chase!

Diane D and Dana have their heads back and realize police cars are after them!  They quickly look towards each other then look back forward and speed their motorcycles in separate directions, going past several cars as they speed down the highway!

The police cars continue to give chase!  The patrol cars continue to give chase!

Diane D and Dana speed their motorcycles alongside each other again, speeding their motorcycle more faster down the highway!

Police cars continue to race down the highway!  The patrol cars continue to race down the highway!

Inside the police car, a male white police officer on the passenger side gets on his police radio and shouts, “Attention, calling all units, calling all units!  I don't see Diane D or her cousin Dana anywhere on the highway!  Block off all southbound and eastbound exits!  Again weed need all southbound and eastbound exits blocked off!  Ten four!

Police cars are blocking all highway exits.  Other police cars continue to race down the highway!

As Diane D and Dana continue to speed their motorcycles, Dana quickly heads for one of the highway exits as Diane D quickly follows behind her!  Dana speeds her motorcycle up the ramp as Diane D speeds her motorcycle up the ramp following right behind Dana!

Around an hour later, the security guard is in the hospital lobby speaking into a telephone receiver saying, “The police caught up with Diane D and her cousin Dana?  ....  Okay good!  Did the police find the gun on Dana? ....  No?  Okay I'm on my way to that station!  I'll see you there!”  The security guard gets off the telephone.  He turns to the other security guard and says, “The police caught up with Diane D and her cousin Dana and took them both in!”
“Thank God!” the other security guard says.  “How did the police caught up with them?”
“They had all southbound exits and eastbound exits blocked!  They were waiting for Diane D and her cousin Dana as Diane D and Dana were getting off one of the exits!”
“That's good!”
“Why did the police take Diane D in too?” a female hospital staff member asks.
“They took Diane D in for questioning because they said it looked like she was running away from the police on the highway with her cousin like she was trying to help her cousin get away,” the first security guard says.
“Maybe she just didn't want her cousin to get arrested again.”
“Maybe so.  The police claim Diane D has been arrested with her cousin Dana more than once.  Diane D and her cousin Dana have both been thrown in jail a few times together.”
“Yeah I heard.”
“Well I'm gonna head to that police station.”
“Okay.”
The security guard turns away from everyone and leaves.

At the police station, Diane D and Dana walk beside each other, both handcuffed in the back as the police surround and lead them to the back of the station with Diane D shouting, “I don't know what the hell you're talking about officer!  I don't have anything to do with a gun being missing!”
“I don't have a fucking gun officer!” Dana shouts.  “I didn't take one!”
“You two were speeding away like you're guilty!” one of the police officer shouts.  “Let's go!”  The police continue to lead Diane D and Dana to the back.

The next day, a group of people are looking at an article in a newspaper with a headline that reads: HIGH SPEED CHASE DOWN THE HIGHWAY! DIANE D AND HER COUSIN DANA GET ARRESTED AGAIN FOR SUSPICION OF ANOTHER WEAPONS POSSESSION CHARGE AND STOLEN PROPERTY!  “Wow!” a woman says. “It was a high speed chase after Diane D and her cousin Dana on the highway yesterday?!” 
“Yeah!” one of the men says.  “The police chased after Diane D and her cousin Dana as Diane D and her cousin were speeding away on their motorcycles!”
“On their motorcycles?!” a second woman says.  “My God!”
“The police arrested both Diane D and her cousin Dana on Weapons Possession Charge and Stolen Properties!  A hospital security guard claims Diane D's cousin Dana stole his gun!  Diane D claimed to police she had nothing to do with the gun being taken.”
“Oh yeah?  Did the police ever find the security guard's gun?”
“No, they never found the gun,” the first woman says.  “They questioned Diane D's cousin Dana about where the gun is but Dana told the police she doesn't have any gun and never took a gun from anybody.  She told the police most likely the security guard misplaced his gun.  The police got angry with Dana and told her nobody is gonna misplace a gun just like that!  The police believed Dana might have tossed the gun away somewhere on the highway when she and Diane D realized the cops were after them.”
“Did the police searched the highway for the gun?” a second man asks.
“Yeah they searched all over the highway but never found the gun.  If the gun is out on the highway somewhere, sooner or later somebody else is gonna wind up finding it.  It might get into the wrong hands again.”
“Yeah it sure might.  So what happened to Dana and Diane D after the police arrested them for weapons possession?”
“Well the police couldn't find any evidence against Diane D whether or not she had anything to do with the gun being missing.  The hospital security guard told police that Diane D was no where near him the exact time his gun disappeared, so she was let go after a few hours.  Her cousin Dana is still locked up though because the hospital security guard told police that Dana was the one right near him the exact time his gun disappeared.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”  The people continue to look at the article.

The following day, a few men are inside a barber shop reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA ON ANOTHER WEAPONS POSSESSION CHARGE AND STOLEN PROPERTY!

The next day, a man is standing at the bus stop reading an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: HOW MANY GUNS OR RIFLES HAS DIANE D’S COUSIN DANA STOLEN BEFORE?  WHAT WERE HER INTENTIONS?!  The man turns to another man next to him and asks, “Did you see this article about Diane D's cousin Dana stealing a gun from a security guard at a hospital then she and Diane D get arrested for another Weapons Possession Charge and Stolen Property after a high speed chase on the highway?”
“Yeah,” the second man says.  “Those two women are always getting arrested!”
“I know.”  The man continues to read the article.

A week later, a few men inside a barber shop are reading an article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA IS RELEASED FROM JAIL AND ON HOUSE ARREST UNTIL COURT DATE!  One of the men turns to the other one and says, “Did you see this article about Diane D's cousin Dana being released from jail and on house arrest until her court date?”
“Yeah?” the second man says.  “Why the heck did she steal a gun in the first place if she did steal a gun?”
“Nobody knows.  The people at the Diaz-Davidson Organization think that Dana stole the gun to go after that dude Bubby Owens, the guy who snatched one of her sister’s jewelry after Dana found out where the guy hangs out at.  The people at the Diaz-Davidson Organization think Dana was actually on her way over to that neighborhood after she stole the gun.”
“Oh yeah?” the third man says.  “Why did they think Dana was on her way to that neighborhood?”
“Because they heard that after Dana supposedly stole the security guard’s gun, she got on the highway and started heading to that direction of the neighborhood Bobby Owens hangs out at.  She doesn't live in that direction.  If she was going home, she would have head the other direction!  If Diane D’s cousin Dana did steal that security guard's gun, she stole it for a reason and intended to use it!  She used a gun on somebody before when she tried to shoot that newspaper reporter Felix Green on the highway and she will use a gun on somebody again!”  The men worriedly look at one another.

It is three weeks later.  Diane D's family, Christine and David are in the hallway outside the court room.  They head to the courtroom as reporters with microphones in their hands follow them as one of the male white reporters asks, “What do you think the outcome is gonna be of your daughter Dana's trial?”
“We have no idea,” Christine says.
“We got to hurry and get to the courtroom,” David says.  “If you all will just excuse us.”  Christine, David and Diane D's family continue to head to the courtroom.

The next day, several people in the street at the newsstand are reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA IS RELEASED ON PROBATION AND INTO THE CUSTODY OF DIANE D'S FAMILY!  One of the men turns to the others and says, “Did y'all see this article, about Diane D's cousin Dana released on probation and into the custody of Diane D's family?”
“Yeah,” a second man says.  “So what does that mean, Diane D's family has custody of her cousin Dana?”
“Yeah.  Her family signed for custody of Dana and are responsible for Dana while Dana is on probation!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“You think she was her way to get that guy Bubby Owens?” a woman asks. 
“That's what everybody thinks.  When word got to Bubby Owens that Diane D's cousin Dana stole a security guard's gun and seemed to be on her way to that neighborhood after him, I heard he got scared and stopped coming to that neighborhood.  Nobody in that neighborhood seen Bubby Owens around there since.”
“No?”
“Uh uh.”
“Wow,” a third man says.  “What do you think happened to him?” 
“I think he‘s probably in hiding, knowing that Diane D‘s crazy cousin Dana might be after him with a stolen gun.  If Bubby Owens is in hiding, I think he did the right thing by staying away from that neighborhood fearing that this crazy woman might try to pump a bullet in him like she tried to do to that newspaper reporter Felix Green on the highway.  You don‘t want to wait until it‘s too late.  Why take the chance?”  The people sadly look at the man.































Chapter 18

Road Rage As Diane D And Dana Try To Assault Motorist!


Two months later, Diane D is riding in a passenger van sitting in the front passenger seat with a foam cup in her hand.  She sits beside Dana as Dana sits in the driver's seat driving the van down a Suffolk County highway in Long Island, New York.  Dana's Jamaican cousin Judy sits in the second row of seats right behind Diane D as Dana’s sisters Linda and Landa also sit in the second row behind Dana.  Missy, Londa and Teresa sit in the third row of seats in the back.  Reggae music is playing on the van radio.  Linda then says, “Wow, thanks for treating us all out to lunch at the Chinese buffet Dana.”
“No problem Linda,” Dana says as she continues to drive.
“Yeah Dana,” Landa says. “Thanks for paying for all that food we ate.”
“No problem Landa.”
“Yeah Dana's rich now,” Diane D smiles and says, “after winning all that money at the casino yesterday.”  Diane D, Judy, Landa and Linda smile at Dana as Dana rubs down her eyes and the front of her face then looks in the rearview mirror at her sisters.  Dana then looks straight ahead and continues to drive.  Diane D then reaches on the side and grabs a music CD.  She shows the CD to Dana and says, “Hey Dana, is this the CD you want to listen to?”
Dana looks towards the CD and says, “Yeah mon that‘s di CD, play it.”  Dana looks straight ahead and continues to drive as Diane D puts the CD into the player.
Judy leans forward and chats with Diane D.  Diane D turns her head around towards Judy.  She then looks at the back of the van and says, “Hey Missy, Londa and Teresa, are you all okay back there?”
Missy, Londa and Teresa look at Diane D as Londa asks, “What you say Diane?”
“I said are you all okay back there.” 
“Yeah mon, we‘re cool.”
“Yeah it‘s nice and cool back here Diane,” Missy says.
“In other words, we’re okay Diane,” Teresa says.
“Good,” Diane D says.  She then looks forward and adjusts the CD player as Judy leans forward and starts to chat with her again.
Dana blows her mouth and looks in the rearview mirror at her sisters again as she continues to drive.  She then frowns and looks straight ahead again.  
Suddenly, a light blue car comes out of nowhere and cuts right in front of Dana's van!  
Dana sees the light blue car and quickly slams on the brakes!  The van halts causing everyone in the van to scream and jerk forward!   Dana then shouts, “Fuckin bloodclaat!”  She then sees the light blue car continue to drive off!  She steps on the gas pedal and races the van right up to the car!  She leans to the opened driver’s window and shouts to the driver, “Godammit look wah you did!  You almost caused a crash you motherfucka!”  

The driver of the car, a Middle Eastern looking man around his late 50‘s, and his Middle Eastern looking wife around her mid 50’s who is in the passenger seat look to their right at Dana.  The wife quickly turns to her husband and shouts, “My God!  That looks like Diane D’s cousin Dana!”
“What?!” the man shouts. “You mean that crazy woman?!  Oh shoot!”  The man looks forward and starts to speed away!  

“Oh no you don't!” Dana shouts as she puts the van into high gear!  She starts to chase after the light blue car!  

Dana's van and the light blue car speed down the highway!  The man swerves his vehicle to get away from Dana but Dana’s van remains hot on his trail!  Dana's van and the light blue car start to speed faster and faster!  They start to speed at around ninety miles per hour!  
Dana's van catches up to the car!  Dana deliberately bumps the van into the car and pushes the car off the road!  The car bumps right up against the side of the highway and swerves!  Dana continues to bump the van right into the car!   She pushes the car more and more off the road into an isolated area off the highway where there are a lot of tall weeds.  She then uses a lot of force and pushes the car right into a dirt pit.  The car slides into the dirt pit.  It then stops.  The wheels of the car spin, but the car does not go anywhere.  It is stuck in the dirt.

Dana pulls the van over several feet behind the light blue car then slams on the brakes!  The van stops.  Diane D, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy open the van doors.  They jump out of the van and lean against the van.  They are quite dizzy.  Dana angrily opens the van door and jumps out the van.  She turns back towards the van and reaches under the driver’s seat.  She pulls out a large hammer.   She turns back around and walks away from the van.
Dana goes straight towards the light blue car with the hammer in her hand and shouts, “I'm gonna bash your fuckin face!”  
Diane D, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy turn and rush to Dana shouting, “No Dana no!”  Diane D, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy grab and try to hold Dana, but Dana violently jerks away from them and continues to head towards the light blue car.  Diane D, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy rush to Dana again!  They grab Dana and try to stop her again as they wrap their arms tightly around her torso and hold on to her! 

The Middle Eastern looking man and his wife frighteningly sit in their light blue car looking on at Dana as the man’s wife shouts, “Oh my God!  She was trying to come right this way with that hammer!  She was about to use it on us!  Start the car and leave!”
“The car won’t move!” the man nervously shouts as he constantly steps on the gas pedal.  “It’s stuck here in the dirt!”
“What!  It is?!”
“Yeah!”
The wheels of the car continue to spin, but the car does not go anywhere.
“Oh no!” the man’s wife shouts.  “My God!  That means we have to get out the car and try to run!”
“Run?!  Run where?!  You know we both can’t run with our arthritis!  If we try to leave, she will chase us down and definitely outrun us!  She will definitely catch up to us and use that hammer on us!  This is an isolated area!  There’re no witnesses around!  We’re dead!”
“I think you should apologize to that woman real quick for cutting her off like that!”
“I am!  While the rest of those women are holding on to her, I‘m gonna call the police!”  The man pulls out his cell phone.  He nervously starts to dial a number on his cell phone as his wife nervously look on towards Dana.  The man then puts his cell phone to his ear as he looks around the area and asks his wife, “What highway exits are we near?”
“I’m not sure!” the man’s wife nervously shouts as she looks around the area.
The man then speaks into his cell and shouts, “Hello nine one one?!  Get me the police quick!”  He frighteningly looks towards Dana.

Dana continues to try to break away from Diane D, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy.  Suddenly, Diane D lets go of Dana.  She goes around Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy, steps right in front of Dana and angrily shouts to her, “No, you‘re not gonna do shit Dana!”  Dana stops struggling as she, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy puzzled look at Diane D.  Diane D then shouts, “You just came out of the mental institution!  I‘ll handle this!”  Diane D angrily turns to Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy and shouts to them, “You guys continue to hold on to her!  And no matter what happens, don‘t let go of her!”  Diane D angrily turns around and walks away towards the light blue car as Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy continue to tightly hold onto Dana and puzzled look at Diane D.  
As Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Judy look at Diane D, Judy shouts to her, “What do you mean ‘no matter what happens’ Diane?!  What’s suppose happen?!  What you planning to do?”
Diane D slightly turns her head back towards Judy and shouts, “I’m gonna straighten out this motherfucka!”   She turns her head back forward as she continues to head towards the light blue car.
Judy quickly turns to Landa, Londa and Linda and shouts to them, “Hold Dana!  And no matter what happens, don’t let go of her!”  Judy turns to Missy and shouts, “Come on Missy!”  Judy and Missy quickly let go of Dana then turn and rush towards Diane D!  
Judy and Missy rush right to Diane D and grab her!  They stop Diane D as they wrap their arms tightly around her torso and hold onto her.  Diane D then shouts, “Judy, let go of me!” as she tries to break away from Judy and Missy.

The man and his wife continue to look on as the wife shouts, “Hey!  That was Diane D trying to come this way!  She stopped her cousin from coming this way and she was about to come this way instead!”
“What good is that?!” the man shouts.  “I hear whenever Diane D gets angry, she turns into a Doctor Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and she becomes just as dangerous as her cousin!  And right now, she looks pretty angry to me!  We need to get out of here!” 
“Are the police on their way?”
“Yeah but by the time they get here, we’ll probably be already dead!  We have to try and make a run for it now while those other women are holding onto Diane D and her crazy cousin!”  The man and his wife open their car doors.  

Diane D continues to try to break away from Judy and Missy as Judy shouts to her, “You’re not going to do anything either Diane!”
Diane D stops struggling and shouts, “What the hell are you talking about Judy?!  Did you see what the fuck this guy just did?!  He almost caused us to have an accident!  We all could have been hurt or killed because of him!  Let go!”
“No Diane, you’re upset right now!” Missy shouts.  “Let me and Judy talk that driver!”
“No!”  Diane D tries to break away from Missy and Judy again, but Missy and Judy pull her back as their arms remain tightly around her torso!  
Dana suddenly tries to break away from Landa, Londa and Linda with the hammer still in her hand, but Landa, Londa and Linda scream and pull her back as their arms remain tightly around her torso!  Dana angrily looks at the man inside the light blue car as her sisters pull her back.  Landa quickly smacks Dana on the back.  Dana suddenly stops struggling then looks on towards Diane D, Judy and Missy as Landa rubs her on the back.  Landa, Londa and Linda look at Dana.  They then turn their heads and look on towards Diane D, Judy and Missy.  
Diane D continues to try and break away from Judy and Missy.  She then stops struggling, looks at Judy and firmly says, “You better get off of me Judy.”
“No!” Judy shouts.
“I’m serious!” Diane D shouts as she suddenly bends her knees and lowers herself to the ground.  
“I don’t caaare!!” Judy shouts as she continues to tightly hold on to Diane D‘s torso.  Diane D suddenly gets superhuman strength as she starts to slightly drag Judy and Missy towards the light blue car!  Judy and Missy scream as their arms remain tightly around Diane D‘s torso desperately trying to pull her back!  “You‘re not going to do anything Diane!” Judy shouts. 
Dana suddenly tries to break away from Landa, Londa and Linda again with the hammer still in her hand as Landa, Londa and Linda scream!  Dana suddenly bends her knees and lowers herself to the ground.   She suddenly gets superhuman strength also as she starts to slightly drag Landa, Londa and Linda towards the light blue car!  Landa, Londa and Linda continue to scream with their arms remaining tightly around Dana’s torso desperately trying to pull her back also!  

The man and his wife are outside of their car.  They frightening look on towards Diane D and Dana as the man shouts, “Oh my God!  Diane D and her cousin are practically dragging those other women!”  The man hurries to his wife. He and his wife frighteningly hold each other as they stand against the weeds shockingly looking on towards Diane D and Dana.  

Diane D angrily drags Judy and Missy closer to the light blue car!  Judy and Missy scream as they bend their knees and desperately struggle against Diane D’s pull as their feet start to slide against the grass and dirt!  
Dana drags Landa, Londa and Linda closer to the light blue car also!  Landa, Londa and Linda scream as they bend their knees and desperately struggle against Dana’s pull as their feet start to slide against the grass and dirt also!  

The man and his wife continue to frighteningly and shockingly look on at Diane D and Dana.  The man then shouts, “We’re out of here!”  The man pulls his wife by the hand then they both turn and try to run the other way!   

Diane D sees the man and his wife trying to run off!  She stops and shouts, “Dammit he’s getting away!”  She starts to drag Judy and Missy more towards the man as Judy and Missy scream and continue to struggle against Diane D’s pull with their feet continuing to slide against the grass and dirt! 
Dana starts to drag Landa, Londa and Linda more towards the man also as Landa, Londa and Linda scream and continue to struggle against Dana’s pull with their feet continuing to slide against the grass and dirt also!  
Judy then turns to Landa, Londa and Linda and shouts, “Where’s Teresa?!  What she doing?!”  Judy, Missy, Landa, Londa, and Linda turn their heads towards the van and call out to Teresa shouting, “Teresa help!  Help!”

Teresa, slowly and nervously emerges from the van.  She leans against the van as she looks out towards the commotion.

“Teresa!” Judy shouts.  “Call Uncle Barry, Uncle Tonio, Nicolas, Mickey and Michael!”
“And call dem right away!” Londa shouts as she, Landa and Linda struggle to pull Dana back.  

Teresa nervously pulls out her cell phone.  She trembles as she tries to dial a number on her cell phone.  Her cell phone suddenly drops on the ground. 

“Teresa!” Londa angrily shouts.
“She’s scared Londa!” Missy shouts as she and Judy struggle to pull Diane D back.  “One of y‘all is a gonna have to call Uncle Barry!”
“We can’t!” Landa shouts.  
Diane D and Dana continue to drag Judy, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda towards the man as Judy, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda scream and shout desperately trying to hold Diane D and Dana back!  
Police cars soon arrive.  Diane D and Dana stop struggling.  They turn their heads and see the police as the police hurry out of the police cars and approach them.

The man and his wife stand several yards away from their car, frighteningly holding each other as they face towards Diane D, Dana and the police.  They breathe a sigh of relief as they look at the police.   They then turn and nervously look at each other.  “Thank God the police finally arrived,” the man’s wife says.
“Yeah thank God,” the man says.  He and his wife then look back towards Diane D, Dana and the police.  

Several hours later inside the lobby of the police station, most of Diane D's family members and relatives are there all upset surrounding Judy, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda as Judy, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda sit on the police lobby bench leaning their heads on each other all tired and worn out.   Grandpa Mike says to them, “Are you all okay?”
“No Grandpa, we’re not!” Landa shouts.  “We‘re all tired and worn out from trying to restrain Dana and Diane!”
“Y‘all look worn out!” Mary shouts.
“We are Aunt Mary!” Missy shouts.  “Dana and Diane are no joke!  They were a handful!”
“I bet they were!”
“So you all were saying that this car came out of no where and cut right in front of the van, causing Dana to slam on the brakes?” Grandpa Mike asks. 
“Yeah Grandpa!” Londa shouts.  “That‘s exactly wah happened!”
“And you all had to hold on to both Dana and Diane trying to restrain them?” Gracy asks.
“Yeah Grandma!” Linda shouts.  “Judy and Missy were holding onto Diane trying to restrain her, while me, Landa and Londa were holding onto Dana trying to restrain her!”
“Y’all didn’t mention Teresa,” Margarita says.  “Where was Teresa all that time?”
“Staying in the van,” Judy says.  “She was scared.”
“She was scared?” Barry ask.  “Well where is she now?” 
“She’s standing over there.”
Everyone turns around towards Teresa.  They all walk towards Teresa as Judy, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda slowly get up off the bench.  Everybody approaches Teresa as Margarita asks, “Teresa, are you alright?”
Teresa nervously looks at Margarita and cries, “I’m sorry Miss Margarita.  I’m sorry I wasn’t able to help hold Diane or Dana.  I was too scared to do anything!”
“She was,” Missy says.  “She was a nervous wreck.  We saw her.”
“I’m sorry again Miss Margarita.”
“Were you able to see what happened when Dana almost had the collision?” Margarita asks.  
“No, I was sitting way in the back of the van, I didn’t know what happened.  All I know is that the van jerked then we all jerked forward and screamed.  I wasn’t able to see any car cut in front of Dana’s van from where I was sitting.”
“Okay Teresa.”
“Did you see Diane and Dana yet?”
“Yeah we saw them.”
“What’s going to happen to them?”
“Well right now they’re both being charged with attempted assault,” Barry says.
“Attempted assault?”
“Yes.”
“Oh no!” 
“According to the police, they saw Diane and Dana both literally dragging Judy, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda right towards the other motorist trying to go after the other motorist.  Did you see Diane and Dana dragging Judy, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda towards the other motorist?”
“Yeah I saw it.  That’s what scared me.”
“Well the police said Diane and Dana both stopped trying to go towards the motorist when they arrived.” 
“Yeah I saw that too.  Are Diane and Dana gonna go to jail?”
“We don’t know Teresa,” Margarita says.  “Diane is telling the police that she wasn’t trying to assault the other motorist.  She told the police she just wanted to talk to the other motorist, that’s all, so the police asked her why were her two relatives holding on to her trying to stop her.  Diane told the police she don’t know why her family members were holding on to her trying to stop her, when all she wanted to do was talk to the other motorist to try and find out why he pulled that stunt.”
“That’s what she told the police?”
“Yep, that’s what she told them.”
Grandpa Mike turns to Missy and asks, “Missy, why were you and Judy holding on to Diane trying to stop her if she‘s telling the police all she wanted to do was talk to the other motorist?  Did you knew Diane just wanted to talk to the other motorist?”
“No we didn’t know that Grandpa,” Missy says.   “We didn’t know what Diane’s intentions were.  When she walked towards that car all angry and shouted to us that she was going to straighten the guy out, we didn’t know what she meant by that.”
“She said she was going to straighten the guy out?” Tomas asked.
“Yeah that‘s what she said.  And we all know when Diane says she‘s going to straighten someone out, she usually goes after that person with a vengeance!”
“She does,” Judy says.  “That’s why Missy and I went and grabbed her right away because we didn’t want to take any chances with Diane!”
“I don’t blame you!” Mary shouts, “knowing Diane!”
“Grandpa,” Missy says, “we all know Diane has a violent history just like Dana!  They’ve both been in and out of jail before AND mental institutions!  What else were we suppose to think?”
“I understand Missy,” Grandpa Mike says.  “You all did the right thing.  I‘m glad you all stopped Diane and Dana both from attacking that other motorist if Diane was actually trying to assault him.” 
“I think she was actually trying to assault him Grandpa, even though she might not admit it.”
“And you should know Missy,” Mary says, “you all were there.”
“And it’s a good thing you all were there Missy,” Margarita says.  “We don’t know what would have happened to that other motorist if none of you were there to stop both Diane and Dana because those two can really get out of hand.”
“That’s why we’re all still worn out, from trying to stop them both!” Judy says.
“Yeah mon,” Londa says.   “We still feel drained out.  We lost all our energy from all that pulling and dragging!”
“Well that’s exactly why Diane and Dana are both where they are right now Londa, because they cannot control their violent tempers,” Barry says. 
“Come on everybody,” Grandpa Mike says.  “I’m gonna see if Diane and Dana are going to get bail, then I’m going to bail them both out.”
“You’re going to bail them out Grandpa?” Missy asks.
“Of course I’m going to bail them out if they get bail Missy, they’re my granddaughters.  Let’s go.”  Grandpa Mike turns and walks away as everyone else turn and follow him.
Michael, Nicolas and Tony suddenly approach everybody as Nicolas tells them, “The police are gonna let Diane go.”
“What!” everyone else shout.  
“They’re letting Diane go?” Mary asks.
“Yeah,” Nicholas says.
“Why are they letting Diane go?” Barry asks.
“Because she’s sticking with her story,” Michael says.  “She still claiming to the police that she just wanted to talk to the other motorist, not attack him.”
“So they believed her story?”
“I guess they did, they’re letting her go.”
“Well what about Dana?” Grandpa Mike asks.  “They’re not letting her go?”
“Well Dana is the one who was caught with the hammer in her hand when the police arrived there.” 
“Plus the other motorist and his wife both claim to the police that they heard Dana threatening him with the hammer, telling him that she was going to bash his face as she was walking towards their car,” Tony says.
“What!” the family shouts.
“Dana threatened the other motorist with the hammer, telling him that she was going to bash his face as she was walking towards their car?” Barry asks.
“That’s what the other motorist and his wife said,” Nicolas says.  “That’s why the jail is keeping her.”
“My God.”
“Well,” Grandpa Mike says.   “Now that Diane is being let go, we got one down and one to go.  I guess all I have to do now, is just bail Dana out.”
Barry turns to Mike and says, “Bail Dana out?”
“That’s right.”
“You know you really need to just keep Dana locked up Dad.  You just heard that she threatened to bash the other motorist in the face with the hammer!”
“Barry, Dana is my granddaughter!  I’m going to pay her bail!  Now I want you all to go get Diane while I‘ll go pay for Dana‘s bail!”  Grandpa Mike turns from everybody and walks away as everyone turns and stare at him.
Barry turns to everyone and says, “Come one everybody, let’s hurry and get Diane.”  Barry turns and walks away as everyone follows him.

The next day, four middle aged women of different ethnic backgrounds are sitting around a table inside a café drinking coffee as one of them looks at an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D AND HER COUSIN DANA GET ARRESTED TOGETHER AGAIN!  “Hey,” one of the woman says.  “This article says that Diane D and her cousin Dana got arrested yesterday.”
“Yeah I heard,” a second woman says.  “Those two women are always getting arrested.”
“They sure do.”
“What did they get arrested for this time?” a third woman asks.
“For attempted assault on a motorist.”
“What?” the fourth woman says. “Diane D and her cousin Dana got arrested for attempted assault on a motorist?”
“Yeah.  This article says that the police charged both Diane D and her cousin Dana with attempted assault yesterday on another driver that Dana was chasing after on a highway in Long Island after the other driver cut her off and the police charged Dana and the other driver with reckless endangerment.”
“Reckless endangerment?  Diane D’s cousin Dana chased after another driver on the highway, just like she did with that newspaper reporter Felix Green?” 
“Yeah.”  
“Did she shoot at the other driver too?” the third woman asks.
“No not this time.  This time, she tried to use a hammer as a weapon!”
“A hammer?!” the fourth woman asks.
“Yeah.  It says that the other motorist and his wife told police that after Diane D’s cousin Dana pushed their car off the road.”
“Wait a minute.  Diane D’s cousin Dana pushed the other car off the road?”
“That’s what the other motorist and his wife told police.  They told the police that after Dana pushed their car off the road, Dana jumped out of her van then started walking towards their car with the hammer in her hand then they heard her threatening the man telling him that she was going to bash his face.“
“They heard Dana telling the man that she was going to bash his face?”
“That’s what this article says.”
“My God.”
“I heard Diane D, Dana’s sisters and a Jamaican relative of theirs named Judy jumped out of the van to stop Dana,” the second woman says.  
“What?” the fourth woman says.  “You mean to tell me that Diane D’s cousin Dana, was about to do an assault and attack right in front of her very own sisters and their relative?”
“When you have a violent temper like Dana, you’re not thinking about who’s around you, you’re just enraged.”
“It’s true,” the first woman says.  “This article says that when Diane D, Dana’s sisters and their relative Judy grabbed Dana to stop her, Diane D stopped holding Dana and told Dana’s sisters and their relative Judy to continue to hold Dana.  The next thing Dana’s sisters and their relative Judy knew is that Diane D herself started going towards the driver of that car.”
“Oh yeah?” the third woman says.  “What was Diane D planning to do?”
“Well it says right here that Dana's sisters and their relative Judy didn’t know what Diane D‘s intentions were, but said it looked like she was planning an assault herself so they didn’t waste any time trying to find out.  They didn’t want to take any chances with Diane D, knowing Diane D’s violent tempered history, so two of them went to grab and hold onto Diane D while the other three stayed and held on to Dana.  That’s when the police came and arrested both Diane D and her cousin Dana for attempted assault on the other driver.”
“Did they go to jail?”
“Yeah they both went to jail.  It says right here that Diane D was let go first because she told the police she only wanted to talk to the other motorist.  The police couldn‘t really prove that she wanted to harm and assault the other motorist.  Being that Dana was the one who was actually caught with the hammer in her hand and actually threatened to use it on the other motorist, she was kept in the jail and of course her rich grandfather comes to her rescue and bails her out of jail again.”
“Her rich grandfather,” the third woman says.  “Ain’t she lucky.  Didn’t Diane D’s cousin Dana just came out of the mental institution weeks ago for beating up male cops at a church function?”
“Yep, she sure did.”
“And wasn’t Diane D in a mental institution herself a year ago for attacking that poor little boy Marcus right inside of an elementary school the night she appeared there?” 
“Yep, she sure was.”
“Well maybe the mental institution should have just kept both Diane D and her cousin Dana in there.”
“It should have.  This article says that Diane D’s cousin Dana and that other driver are gonna have to appear in court for the reckless endangerment charge and Dana have a case for the attempted assault charge.”  
“My God,” the fourth woman says.  “It was bad enough that Dana’s sisters and their relative Judy had to deal with trying to stop Dana from assaulting that motorist and then they had to try and stop Diane D herself from assaulting him?  Thank goodness Dana’s sisters and their relative Judy was there to stop both Dana and Diane D from about to assault that other motorist.”
“Isn’t Diane D on medication?” the third woman asks.
“That’s what I heard,” the second woman says. “I heard the mental institution she was in put her on medication, so she has to keep taking that medication to calm her nerves.”
“Is her cousin Dana on medication too?” the fourth woman asks.
“I don’t know.  If she’s not, she needs to be.  I heard that Dana had kicked a woman real hard in the chest when she was a teenager!”
“She did?  My God, why did she do that?”
“The woman and Dana were arguing and grabbing over a stolen bike. Dana claimed the bike belonged to her brother and the woman said no the bike belonged to her son.  The woman told Dana to let go of her son's bike.  Dana refused and told the woman no, she's not letting go of her brother's bike.  The woman got upset and told Dana to get lost and cursed at Dana.   The next thing people knew is that Dana kicked her foot high right into the woman's chest!”
“Oh no!”
“I heard the woman fell out on the ground.  Then the ambulance came and took the woman to the hospital.”
“My goodness!  Did the woman turned out alright?”
“Yeah.  I heard she stayed in the hospital overnight then came home the next day.”
“Thank goodness.  Was Dana ever put away for it?”
“Yeah.  I heard she was put away in a juvenile detention for a month.”
“She was put in juvenile detention for a month?”
“Yeah.”
“My God, she started out very young didn‘t she?  You know being that Diane D and her cousin Dana keep getting arrested for assault, and the fact that Diane D beat up that helpless little kid Marcus right inside of that third floor school hallway after she finds out that this kid Marcus was behind a hoax that lied to her and her family, a person like her shouldn‘t be a role model for kids.  Kids can‘t have an ex-con like Diane D being a role model for them!”
“You consider Diane D an ex-con?” the first woman asks.
“Of course I consider her an ex-con, she keeps getting locked up doesn’t she?  The kids at the elementary school I work in had wanted Diane D to appear at the school earlier this year, but after what the principal and I heard what she did to that little boy Marcus, we decided we didn‘t want Diane D anywhere near our school or anywhere near the students.”  
“Diane D claims not to remember beating up that little boy Marcus.  She thinks he‘s making that story up.”
“Why would that kid make up a story like that?”
“She thinks he’s making that story up just to get attention.”
“Well maybe she really doesn’t remember beating that little boy Marcus up, but still, what if she ever comes to our school and one of those children there approaches her and tells her something that upsets her, then she winds up going off on that child beating the crap out of that child too, then winds up not remembering that either.  We don’t want history repeating itself.”
“You’re certainly right about that.”  The women look at each other then look towards the article as they drink their coffee.

A week later, on a cloudy windy afternoon, Diane D and Teresa are walking barefoot together along a deserted beach with Diane D dressed in a navy blue sweater shirt and blue denims with her long black hair all loosed out around her chest, sides and back blowing against the wind as she walks with her thumbs in her pocket chewing on gum, looking to her left out towards the ocean.  Teresa who is walking on the right side of Diane D is dressed in an identical brown sweater shirt and dungarees also as she looks towards the ocean too.   Teresa looks at Diane D and says, “Are you sure you’re okay Diane?”
Diane D turns her head towards Teresa and says, “I’m okay Teresa.  The ocean helps me get my mind off things that’s all.”
“That good.  So when is Dana going to court?”
“Next month.”
“Oh yeah?  Do we have to be at the court too.”
“Yeah we have to be there Teresa.  We were all in the van with Dana so we have to be there.”
“Okay.”
“Anyway, I didn’t come here to think about court, I came here to get my mind off court, so right now, let’s just enjoy this beautiful breeze and this beautiful ocean, okay?”
“Okay.”  Teresa and Diane D look back towards the ocean.  Teresa points towards the ocean as Diane D continues to look out towards the ocean.  A group of geese suddenly fly above their heads going towards the ocean.  Diane D and Teresa turn their heads up and look up at the geese.  They turn their heads and watch the geese fly out over the ocean.  They smile at the geese.  The geese start to disappear out of sight.  Diane D and Teresa continue to smile at the geese as the geese disappear out of sight.  Diane D and Teresa look forward.  Diane D then looks down at the sand and stops.  She bends down to the sand on one knee resting one hand on her knee as Teresa stops beside her.  Diane D picks up some shells with her other hand.  She stands back up.  She turns to Teresa, gives the shells to Teresa and says, “Here you go Teresa, this is for you.”  
Teresa looks at the shells.  She then smiles and says, “These shells are wonderful.  Thank you Diane.”
“You’re welcome.  Let’s go.”  Diane D turns and starts to walk forward as Teresa walks beside her.  Diane D starts to run a little.  Teresa starts to run a little.  Diane D and Teresa then turn and face each other as they skip sideways along the beach.

On another windy sunny afternoon, Diane D is riding a bike along the beach shore dressed in a gray sweater shirt, tight black pants bearing her muscular shaped legs and black sneakers with her hair out and wind blowing against her hair as Teresa rides on another bike behind Diane D dressed in a beige sweater shirt, black pants and black sneakers smiling at Diane D.  
Diane D continues to ride the bike down the beach shore as Teresa follows her.  Then she turns her head around and upper body sideways to look at Teresa as Teresa lags behind continuing to ride the other bike following Diane D.  
Diane D continues to ride the bike down the beach shore with the wind blowing against her hair with one hand on the handle bar and the other hand resting on her lap as she stares back at Teresa.  She then turns forward and rides further down the shore as Teresa continues to follow her.


























Chapter 19

The Dianettes Got The Fashion Bug


A week later, Margarita is inside the organization office sitting on a large office chair behind her desk as Mary, Barry, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn surrounding her talking with her.  Suddenly there is a tap at the door.  “Grandma,” Nancy’s voice says.   Margarita, Mary, Barry, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn turn and look towards the doorway.  
The Dianettes excitingly come into the office carrying large shopping bags.  They approach Margarita, Barry, Mary, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn as Margarita says, “Wow, you girls are in a good mood today.”
“We sure are,” Charlotte smiles and says.  Charlotte turns to the rest of the Dianettes and says, “Well tell them girls.”
“Tell us what?” Mary asks.  “What’s going on?” 
“Guess what,” Miranda says.  “We went to Manhattan and purchased this beautiful yellow material.”
“Beautiful yellow material?”
“Yeah,” Lonna says.  “Check it out.”   Lonna excitingly reaches into one of the shopping bags and pulls out a large shiny yellow material as Charlotte excitingly reaches into another shopping bag and pulls out a different shiny yellow material.  Mary, Barry, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn come from around the desk and look on as Margarita gets up from her chair.  Margarita goes around to the front of the desk next to Tomas as she, Tomas, Mary, Barry, Tonio and Marilyn puzzled look at the yellow materials.  
 Lonna, Miranda, Kelly and Bernice unfold the large yellow material of the other shopping bag and spread out as they spread out the material.   Nancy and Charlotte unfold the other yellow material and spread out as they spread out the material.  They all start to hold the materials up.  Nancy excitingly turns to Margarita, Tomas, Mary, Barry, Tonio and Marilyn and says, “Well, what do you all think about these materials?”
“Well,” Margarita says, “the materials are very beautiful girls.  But what are the materials for?”
“It’s for Diane.”
“Diane?” Margarita, Mary, Barry, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn say.
“Yeah.”
“What do these materials have to do with Diane?” Barry asks.
“We’re planning to have this material made into a corset,” Miranda says.
“You’re planning to have this material made into a corset?” Mary asks.
“Yeah.”
“A corset for what?” Tomas asks.
“For Diane to wear,” Charlotte says.
“For Diane to wear?”
“Yeah,” Lonna says.  “We’re planning to have this entire material made into a beautiful corset, shirt, skirt and pants so we can put it on Diane and have her wear it when she sings in the music video.”
“What?” Margarita, Mary, Barry, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn say.
“Wait a minute,” Margarita says.  “Am I hearing this right?  You all are planning to have this material made into a corset outfit, so you can put it on Diane and have her wear it in the music video?”
“That’s right Grandma Margarita,” Bernice says.  “We’re going to dress her in it.”
“Oh really?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?” Marilyn asks.
“So she can advertise the corset outfit while she performs in it,” Kelly said.
“Advertise the corset outfit while she performs in it?”
“Yeah.”  
“Oh I get it,” Tonio says.  “You all want Diane to model in the corset outfit at the same time she’s performing in the music video?”
“Exactly Daddy,” Nancy says.  “And we want to put matching yellow bows in her hair for when she sings in the music video.”
“Matching yellow bows?” 
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
“Because the matching yellow bows will look so cute on her while she’s wearing the corset outfit Uncle Tonio,” Miranda says.
“It will?”
“Yeah.”
“Do any of you even know Diane’s measurements?” Margarita asks.
“We don’t know her exact measurements yet because we don‘t have a tape measure.  Once we get the tape measure, we’ll be able to take Diane’s measurement and make the outfit for her.”
“Wow this is so exciting!” Lonna says.
“It is!” Kelly says. “Wow I can‘t wait til we make this material into a corset outfit and put it on Diane.”
“Me either!” Charlotte says.
“Now hold on girls,” Tomas says.  “Wait just a minute here.  Does Diane know about this?” 
“No, we didn’t get a chance to tell her yet Grandpa.”
“What?  You mean you didn’t let her in on this?”
“Not yet, Grandpa Tomas,” Lonna says.
“So far, she’s totally unaware of this great terrific plan that you all have in store for her, huh.”
“That‘s right Grandpa,” Nancy says.  “Diane doesn’t know about this yet.  We just wanted to hurry and purchase the material and get it made for her, that‘s all.”
“Well you know we’re gonna have to see the outfit and check it out before you all even put it on Diane.”
“Of course you all get to see the outfit before we put it on Diane Grandpa.  You all will be the first to see it.”
“Yeah as a matter of fact, you all can come with us later and watch the material be made into the outfit,” Miranda says.
“Watch the material be made into the outfit?” Margarita says.
“Yeah.”
“Well this, I got to see.”
“Me too,” Marilyn says
“Well that settles it then,” Nancy says.  “But before we get the outfit made, we got to go buy a tape measure.”
“You’re going to buy a tape measure now?” Mary asks.
“Yeah right now.”  
Lonna turns to the rest of the Dianettes and says, “Come on girls.  We better hurry and buy the tape measure so we can get this material started so the outfit can be done by the time Diane does the music video.” 
The Dianettes excitingly  turn to Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn as Nancy says, “We‘ll be right back.”  Nancy and the rest of the Dianettes turn and excitingly hurry towards the doorway with the yellow materials and shopping bags.  They then hurry into the hallway and leave the room.
Margarita, Barry, Mary, Tomas, Tonio and Marilyn puzzled stare at the doorway.  They turn their heads to each other as Tonio says, “You remember when all the girls were little, and they used to love dressing up their little dollies with different clothe outfits and put bows and ribbons on their dollies’ hairs?”
“Yeah we all remember that,” Barry says.
“Well I don’t think they’ve outgrown it.  I think they’re still doing the same thing, instead of doing it with dolls, they’re doing it with Diane.  I think they just adopted Diane as their personal doll,” Tonio smiles and says.
“I think so too Tonio,” Margarita smiles and says.  “I think so too.”  They all smile and laugh a little.

Later on that day, Diane D and Michael are in the organization office.   Margarita approaches Diane D and Michael and says, “Hey you two.”
“Hi Grandma,” Michael says.
“Hey Grandma,” Diane D says.  “What’s up?”
“Diane,” Margarita says.  “Remember when you used to wear bows in your hair?” 
“Yeah I remember Grandma.  Why?”
“Because get ready.  All the girls came to me, your mom, your dad, your grandfather, your uncle Tonio and your Aunt Marilyn earlier today and told us all, that they’re planning to dress you up in a yellow corset outfit they’re going to have made for when you sing in the music video.”
“What?” Diane D puzzled says.  “The girls told you all, that they’re planning to dress me up in a yellow corset outfit they’re going to have made for when I sing in the music video?”
“They sure did.  They also said they’re planning to put matching yellow bows in your hair to go with the outfit.”
“What?” Diane D says.  “Matching yellow bows?”
“That’s what they told us.  Isn‘t that exciting?”
“Exciting?”
“Well the girls think it’s exciting.”
“They do?”
“Yeah.  How ‘bout you?  Do you think it‘s exciting to have bows put back in your hair?”
“Grandma, I haven’t worn hair bows in my hair since I was around eleven years old.”
“Well how would you like to start wearing them again?”
“Me, wear hair bows again?  Seriously Grandma?”
“Yes Diane.  The girls said they’re planning to dress you in one of their yellow corset outfits and put yellow bows in your hair.”  
“So what the girls wanna do, is have Diane look like a little flower girl, huh?” Michael smiles and says.
“Flower girl?” Margarita smiles and says. “I don’t know about all that Michael.  They’re planning to start having the outfit made very soon.”
“Oh yeah?” Diane D says.
“Yeah.”  Margarita puts her arm around Diane D‘s shoulders and says, “Come on Diane.  Let’s go see what the girls got.”
“Okay Grandma.”  Diane D, Margarita and Michael turn and walk away as Diane D puts her arm around Margarita.

.
























Chapter 20

The Soda Challenge


Around two week later, Quench Soda Company is preparing a photo shoot inside a commercial studio.  Quench Soda Company’s logos are all over the studio.  Doug, a white male director around his mid forties, stands over the set as around ten staff members work on it.  He then shouts, “Okay everybody!   Diane D and The Dianettes should be here soon!  Let's get this set ready for them!”  The staff members continue to work on the set.  A male Hispanic staff member around his mid thirties approaches Doug and says, “Excuse me Doug, but there's someone on the line for you.”
“Oh yeah?” Doug says.  “Who is it?”
“It's someone from Diane D's family.  I think it's her older brother, Nicolas.  He just phoned here and said that Diane D and The Dianettes won't be able to make it to the studio for the photo shoot today.”
“What!  They're not gonna make it to the photo shoot?!  Well why not?!”
“He said a relative of theirs just had an accident at home.”
“A relative of theirs just an accident at home?!”
“That's what he said.”
“Let me go speak to him.”  Doug and the staff member turn and hurry away.

Doug enters an office and walk to a desk.  He sits down at the desk and picks up the telephone receiver.  He speaks into it and says, “Hello?”
“Hello,” Nicolas says from the other end of the phone.  “Is this Doug, the director from the Quench Soda photo shoot?” 
“Yes I'm Doug, the director.  Is this Diane D's brother, Nicolas?”
“Yes.”
“Hello Nicolas.  What's this I hear that Diane D and The Dianettes cannot make it to the photo shoot today?  What's this I'm hearing that a relative of yours had an accident at home?”
“Yes, a relative of ours had an accident!  Our cousin Dana!”
“Your cousin Dana?!”
“Yes!”
“You mean the cousin who was suspected of shooting down all those traffic cameras?  The cousin that was arrested with Diane D for drunk driving and weapons possession charges and stolen properties?!  The cousin who chased and shot at that newspaper reporter on the highway and the same cousin who beat up those two female police officers?”
“Yep that‘s the one!”
“Well what happened to her?!”
“She fell off a ladder!”
“She fell off a ladder?!”
“Yeah!  In the kitchen of our grandparents' house!”
“Oh yeah?!  Well how did that happen?!”
“Well Dana was helping remodeling my grandparents' kitchen!  She was doing some finishing touches on the ceiling!  She was way on top of the ladder painting the ceiling!  Our little cousins were running around the house!  Then they ran into the kitchen and ran right into the ladder!  They knocked the ladder down to the floor while Dana was on top of it, so Dana fell all the way to the floor from the ceiling!  She crashed to the floor pretty hard and landed right on the ladder, then her whole body rolled right on the paint that was sitting on the floor!  She hit her head against the cabinet on the way down!  She's messed up real bad!  The paint was all on her clothes, her hair and her skin!  The paint had to be cleaned off her entire body, then she had to be taken here to the hospital by ambulance!”
“You’re at the hospital now?”
“Yeah!”
“What!  I don't believe that story!”
“What do you mean you don't believe the story?  It's true!”
“I don't believe it!”
“Why the hell would I make this story up?”
“Because I think you're making up this excuse for your sister so she and The Dianettes won't have to show up for this photo shoot!”
“Now why the hell wouldn't I want my sister and the girls to show up for the photo shoot?!”
“Because this is not the first time that Diane D and the Dianettes canceled a photo shoot!  This is the third time they canceled a photo shoot on us!  They canceled a photo shoot on us last year and they canceled a photo shoot on us the year before last and now they're canceling again!  This is the third year in the row!  What is going on with them?!”
“I don't know what happened with the first two cancellations!  My mother had something to do with that!”
“I know your mother had something to do with the first two cancellations!  I remember your mother calling here canceling the photo shoot for Diane D and The Dianettes both of those times before and claimed that someone in the family got hurt!  And now someone in the family got hurt again?!  Every time Diane D and The Dianettes are suppose to come here for a photo shoot, your mother would call here and claim someone in the family got hurt and Diane D and The Dianettes wind up canceling!  That sounds pretty strange!”
“I don't know why my mom canceled the first two photo shoots!”
“I know why she canceled them!  I found out why!”
“You did?”
“Yeah!  I found out from a source that your mother canceled the first two photo shoots for Diane D and The Dianettes because a better offer came up for them somewhere else!  Your mother decided to take the better offer for Diane D and The Dianettes!  That's when she would call here and claim someone in the family got hurt because she didn't want this soda company to know that she made Diane D and The Dianettes ditch us for a better offer somewhere else!  Then we heard from another source that your mother signed a contract with that other place not to ever have Diane D and The Dianettes have a photo shoot with us!  Your mother never planned to have Diane D and The Dianettes have a photo shoot with us, but she just didn't tell us!  She was just stalling to keep us from being upset with her!  Even though we found all this out, we still decided to give Diane D and The Dianettes another try, because we know it's not their doing!  Then this happens again!”
“I'm sorry, I wasn't there when my Mom called you up about the first two cancellations, but I'm here now and I'm telling you, someone in the family did had an accident and did get hurt and my sister and the girls can't make it there to the photo shoot!  My mom has nothing to do with it this time!  She's not even around!  We just called her up and told her about the accident a few minutes ago!  And now she, my dad and the rest of our family and relatives are all on their way here to the hospital to see Dana now!”
“Oh yeah?  You know this soda company putted out a lot of money getting the set ready for Diane D and The Dianettes!  We putted out a lot of money the first two times, then we hear Diane D and The Dianettes weren't gonna show up, and now the same damn thing is happening again!  If Diane D and The Dianettes don't show up for this photo shoot, we'll lose all the money again we put into it!”
“Can't you make the photo shoot for another day?”
“No we can't make the photo shoot for another day, I have to make the photo shoot today!  The money for the production was spent to get this set ready today so we have to use it today!  Diane D and The Dianettes must show up today!”
“Can't your company get another singing group to take my sister and the girls' place?”
“No we can't get another singing group to take their place just like that!  Diane D and The Dianettes names are on the contract!”
“I'm telling you, there was an accident in the family!  That is why my sister and the girls can't make it to your photo shoot!  Diane asked me to call you to tell you that she and the girls can't make it today!  She wanted me to do the calling because she is too upset and emotional to make this call herself!  She told me to tell you she's very sorry for any inconvenience, but says in cases like this, family comes first!”
“I don't believe there was an accident in your family, I just don't believe it!”
“You don't want to believe it!  I'm just telling you that my sister and the girls can't make it there, just accept it!”
“No I will not accept it!  We'll just bring a lawsuit against Diane D and The Dianettes, that's all!”
“A lawsuit?!”
“That's right a lawsuit!  We're gonna have a lawsuit against them for breaking a contract!”
“They broke a contract because there was an accident in the family!  Can't you understand that?!  Is money so important to you that you refuse to believe an accident can happen?”
“Accidents can happen, but I don't think it's happening in your sister and the Dianette's case!”
“Listen, do what the hell you have to do, okay!  I've said all I have to say!  Bye!”  Nicolas slams the phone receiver and hurries away.
Doug looks at the telephone receiver.  He angrily hangs up the telephone.  He turns and walks away.

The next day, several people in the street are reading articles in two newspapers with headlines that read: QUENCH SODA PLANS TO SUE THE DIAZ-DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION FOR THIRD CANCELATION OF PHOTO SHOOT!   QUENCH SODA PLANS LAWSUIT AGAINST THE DIAZ-DAVIDSON ORGANIZATION FOR BREAKING THIRD PHOTO SHOOT CONTRACT!  A woman turns to the others and says, “Do y'all see the headlines?  Quench Soda is planning to sue the Diaz-Davidson Organization for canceling the photo shoot they were supposed to have yesterday.”
“Yeah I saw it,” one of the men says.  “This article right here says that there was an accident in the family, that Diane D's cousin Dana had fell off a ladder at their grandparents’ home and had to be taken to the hospital.”
“Dana?” a second woman says.  “You mean the cousin that was arrested with Diane D for drunk driving and weapons possession charges and stolen properties?”
“Yeah.”
“And she's the same one who shot down all those traffic cameras, chased and shot at that newspaper reporter on the highway then beat up those two female police officers, right?”
“Yep, that's the ooone.  That's why Diane D and The Dianettes couldn't make it to the Quench Soda photo shoot.  It says Diane D's brother Nicolas called the Quench Soda Company on the phone and tried to explain the accident to the Quench Soda Company, but the Quench Soda Company didn't buy it.”
“Why didn't they believe it?”
“It says because Diane D and The Dianettes canceled a photo shoot a couple of times before in the past and caused the Quench Soda Company to lose all that money.  Now the Quench Soda company wants all their lost money back.”
“They don't understand that someone in the family got hurt?”
“I guess they would understand it if they believed it was true.  If someone in the family did get into an accident and got hurt this time, why did Diane D and The Dianettes canceled the first two photo shoots they were gonna have with the Quench Soda Company?”
“I read it was Diane D's mom who called the Quench Soda Company up and canceled the first two photo shoots and claimed someone in the family got hurt,” a second man says.
“Oh did somebody in the family got hurt both of those time too?  Every time Diane D and The Dianettes are supposed to go for a Quench Soda photo shoot, someone in the family gets hurt?”
“That sounds strange.”  The people continue to look at the article.

The following evening, several Quench Soda managers, three male whites around their late forties and early fifties and Doug, sit at a table in the office.  Barry, Nicolas, Michael, Tomas and Mickey suddenly barge into the office as a few staff rush in behind them.  The Quench Soda managers and Doug become stunned and get up from their seats.  Seth, the head manager asks, “What's going on?”
“We tried to stop them!” a few staff members shout.  
Barry angrily approaches the managers and waves a couple of newspapers in their faces and shouts, “Look!  My family and I don't like what the hell we see in these headlines!  What the hell you doing talking about you're going to sue our organization?!”
Seth looks at the staff members and says, “It's okay.  You guys can leave.”
The staff members turn and leave the office.  Seth turns to Barry as Barry says, “Didn't my son Nicolas called here on the phone yesterday and said there was an accident in the family?!”
“Yes he did call here,” Doug says.  “I spoke to him.”
“And you refused to believe what I told you on the phone!” Nicolas shouts.  “Listen, you guys can take this issue to court if you want to, but we have proof to show the court why my sister and the girls couldn't make it to your photo shoot yesterday!”
“What do you mean you have proof?” Seth asks.
Michael waves a newspaper in his hand and shouts, “We have a copy of the accident report right here!”
“Not only that,” Nicolas shouts, “it was luckily for us that the sound and aftermath of the accident was caught on video!  That way we can show the court there really was an accident in the family!”
“How did you happen to get the sound and aftermath of the accident on video?” Seth asks.
“Because Diane received a letter from a sick child who is confined in a hospital,” Michael says.  “The child is a little girl named Stacy who is handicapped who said she wanted to meet Diane and the girls, but Diane and the girls couldn't visit the sick child Stacy because they had to do the photo shoot with you guys!  Since Diane and the girls couldn't visit Stacy, they decided to send her a personal video of themselves singing to her.  Mickey was holding the video camera.  He was video taping Diane and the girls singing to Stacy through the camera, then suddenly the accident happened.  The only thing was when the accident happened, Mickey kept the video camera rolling.  That's how the sound and aftermath of the accident got caught on video!”
Barry turns to his family and says, “Shall we show the video to them guys?”
“Yeah let's show it to them,” Mickey says.  “Here Dad.”  Mickey hands the DVD to Barry.  Barry hands the DVD to Seth.
“The accident is on this DVD?” Seth asks.
“Yes it is,” Barry says. 
“Okay.  I'll load it into the DVD player.  You all can have a seat.”  Seth loads the DVD into the DVD player as Barry and his family take a seat.  Seth then takes a seat as everyone in the room faces the large TV set.  The DVD starts to play as everyone in the room starts to watch it.

ACTION IN VIDEO:

Three little boys, one of them a little chubby, run down the stairs inside Gracy and Mike‘s house.  The three boys then run around the stairs towards the back of the house.  Diane D comes in the front door holding several different color outfits wrapped in plastic bags.  She is followed by Nicolas and all the Dianettes.  They come into the living room where Michael and six members from The Diaz-Davidson Band are sitting on the sofa with instruments surrounding them.  Diane D, Nicolas and the Dianettes greet the fellows.  Diane D looks at Mickey and the camera and says, “You got that camera rolling already Mickey?  The girls and I aren't ready to sing to Stacy yet.”
“I know Diane,” Mickey’s voice says.  “I thought I would just get a head start with it.”
Diane D turns away from the camera and says to the Dianettes, “Okay girls, we have to hurry and get upstairs to change.  Let's go.”  Diane D walks towards the staircase as Miranda, Charlotte, Nancy and Kelly turn from the guys and head towards Diane D.  Diane D goes up a few steps as Miranda, Charlotte, Nancy and Kelly come behind her.  Diane D turns towards the living room and shouts, “Bernice, Lonna let's go!  We gotta go upstairs and get changed!”  Bernice and Lonna turn from the guys and head towards Diane D, Miranda, Charlotte, Nancy and Kelly.  Diane D heads up the steps.  The Dianettes follow up the steps behind her as Nancy loses her footing.  Nancy, Kelly and Charlotte start to fuss a little as they all continue up the stairs.

The video skips to an hour as Nicolas, Michael and members from the Davidson Band still sit on the sofa as Michael talks on the telephone.  “What's taking Diane and the girls so long to get changed?” Mickey’s voice says.  “They've been upstairs for over an hour already.”
“Well you know how women are,” Nicolas says as he opens a can of beer.  “They take a long time to change and get dressed.”
“They sure do,” Mickey’s voice says.  “I hear them coming now.” 
Lonna, Miranda and Kelly come down the stairs laughing, each dressed in identical bright orange long sleeved shirts with a Quench Soda logo on it and matching orange leggings with their long hair hanging around their sides and backs.  They wrap their arms around each others' shoulders, turn and enter the living room smiling.  “That's right girls, walk that runway,” Vincent says.  Lonna, Miranda and Kelly laugh as they walk into the living room.  They then sit on some chairs.  Nancy, Charlotte and Bernice come down the stairs, each dressed in the same identical bright yellow long sleeved shirts with a Quench Soda logo on it and matching bright yellow leggings also with their long hair hanging around their sides and backs.  They turn and stop as the three little boys run right past them, heading into the living room.  Nancy, Charlotte and Bernice enter the living room.  They go sit on the chairs next to Lonna, Miranda and Kelly.  They all start to talk and laugh.  
The three little boys run out of the living towards the back of the house again as Nicolas shouts to them, “You guys better stop running around the house before y'all get hurt or break something!” 
“Are you girls ready to sing?” Mickey’s voice says.
“No not yet Mickey,” Lonna says as she looks at Mickey.  “We gotta wait for Diane.”
“Well where is she?  Never mind, I hear her coming.”  The camera moves away from the Dianettes and goes to the staircase.  
Dana comes down the staircase dressed in a light gray turtleneck shirt and light gray denim pants with a long thick braid behind her back as Diane D, dressed in a bright green long sleeved shirt with a Quench Soda logo on it and matching bright green leggings with her long hair hanging around her sides and back, comes down the stairs right behind Dana.  Dana and Diane D look towards Mickey and the camera.  They then turn and look towards the living room.  Dana then turns and heads towards the kitchen as Diane D turns and follows her.

Dana enters the kitchen and goes to some cream colored paint that is sitting on the floor.  She bends down to the paint and reaches for some tools.  She gets on her knees and starts to stir the paint as Diane D gets on her knees and helps her.  “Diane, are you ready to sing for the little girl Stacy so you can send her this video?” Mickey’s voice says.
Diane D looks at Mickey and says, “Yeah I'm ready Mickey.  I just want Dana to promise me that she's not gonna throw anymore contractors out of the house, causing Grandma and Grandpa to lose all that money.”
“I told you I wasn't gonna do that anymore Diane,” Dana says as she stirs the paint.
Diane D turns to Dana and says, “I want you to promise me that Dana.”
“I promise.”
“Are you sure now?”
“Yeah I'm sure.”
“Are you positive?”
“I'm positive Diane.”
“Good.  I'm gonna hold you to that Dana.”  
“Okay Diane let's hurry and send the video to the little girl,” Mickey’s voice says.  “Remember, you have a photo shoot with Quench Soda later on.”
“Okay Mickey, I’m coming.”  Diane D gets off her knees and stands back up.  She heads towards the camera as Dana gets off her knees and stands back up.  Dana goes to the ladder.  She starts to climb the ladder.  Diane D turns around and looks at Dana.  She sees Dana going all the way to the top of the ladder.  Diane D becomes worried and says, “My God be careful up there Dana.”
“I will Diane,” Dana says.
Diane D continues to look at Dana.  She then turns away and starts to head to the living room as Dana goes about her business on the ladder.

Diane D enters the living room.  She approaches the Dianettes, each of them with a microphone in her hand as they talk and laugh with Michael and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band.  “Okay everybody!” Diane D shouts.  The Dianettes stop talking and laughing and turn towards Diane D as Diane D goes and sits on a stool in front of the Dianettes.  Diane D reaches to the side and grabs a letter.  She opens the letter then picks up a microphone.  She speaks into the microphone as her hoarse baritone voice booms out of the stereo speakers saying, “Okay guys and girls.  We have a letter from a sick child.  A little girl named Stacy who’s ten years old.  She is handicapped and confined in a hospital.”  
“Handicapped and confined to a hospital?” Melvin says.  “Diane how do you know it’s not another hoax?”
“Because my grandparents went to the hospital Stacy is in to see her to make sure she was a real kid.  They confirmed she is real and do exist.”
“Oh okay, that’s good.  Just wanted to make sure.”
“No problem Melvin.”  Diane D turns her head and looks into the video camera talking to Stacy through it and says, “Hi Stacy, how are you feeling?  Stacy, the Dianettes and I are gonna do a photo shoot for Quench Soda later on today.  Stacy, since the Dianettes and I cannot be with you in person, we'll sing a song for you on this video, then send this video to you.  My brother Mickey is gonna video tape us as we sing to you.  How that sounds?”  Diane D turns to the Dianettes and says, “Okay, ready to sing a song for Stacy girls?”
“Yeah we're ready Diane,” the Dianettes say.
“Good.   So what song should we sing for Stacy?”
“Let's sing 'All I Need To Know'” Charlotte says.
“'All I Need To Know'?”
“Yeah, how about that?” Kelly says.
“Aaariiiight!”  Diane D, Charlotte and Kelly sway their bodies and bounce their shoulders as they smile at each other.
“No I don't want to sing that yet,“ Miranda says.  “Let's sing 'I Love You'.”
“'I Love You'?” Lonna says.  “I don't want to sing that now.  Let's sing 'Dance With Me'.”
“'Dance With Me'?” Nancy says.  “I don't want to sing that either.  Let's sing 'All Night Long'.”
“Hey ,how about 'Satisfied'?” Kelly says.
“'Satisfied'?” Miranda says.  “Let's sing 'Our Love Will Cherish'.”
“Hey I have a good one!” Bernice says.  “Let's sing 'I Will Fight For Everything'.”
“Yeah, let's do that,” Charlotte says.
“Hey, how about 'Slept All Night'?” Nancy says.
“Now that's a good one,” Kelly says.
Diane D looks at the Dianettes.  She then looks into the video camera and says, “Well Stacy, hopefully the girls will decide on which song to sing by, Christmas.”  Diane D looks back at the Dianettes.  The three little boys run back into the living room again.  One boy hits the other and runs away.  The other boy becomes angry and goes off after the other boy as a third boy follows and run.  They dash to the back of the house.  Diane D looks towards them and shouts, “Hey Stevie!  I thought I told you guys to stop running around the house!”
“He keep hitting me,” Stevie’s voice says.
“Just stop running around the house before you or someone else gets hurt, alright!”  Diane D turns back to the camera and says, “I'm sorry about that Stacy, but we've been telling these kids to stop running around the house all day.”  Diane D turns back to the Dianettes and asks, “So what song are we gonna sing for Stacy girls?”
“Let's sing 'All I Need To Know' like I first suggested,” Charlotte says.
“'All I Need To Know' is it!  That's the song we're going to sing!”
“We’re going to sing that?” Nancy asks.  “Oh come on Diane, I want to sing 'Slept All Night'.”
“We ARE going to sing that song.”
“Oh good.”
“But not today.”  The Dianettes look at Diane D as Diane D turns to Michael and says, “Turn the radio off Michael and start the instruments please.”  Michael turns the radio off.  He takes a guitar as he and the members from the Diaz-Davidson Band get ready to play the instruments.  They start the instruments and play music.  Diane D turns to the camera again and says, “Okay Stacy, this song is for you.”  Diane D turns back to the Dianettes and says, “Ready girls?!”
“Yeah we're ready!”
“Good!”  The three little boys run from the back of the house into the living room again.  Diane D becomes angry and yells at the little boys as she points her finger at them and shouts, “Listen guys, I'm only going to tell you one more time!  Stop running!”  The music stops playing as the three little boys stand quietly.  “We're trying to sing a song for somebody!  Now go in the back!  Now!”  The three little boys quietly leave the living room.  “And don't come back out!”  The three little boys walk slowly towards the back.  They then run a little towards the back of the house.  Diane D turns back to the camera and says, “I'm sorry again Stacy.”  Diane D turns to Michael and says, “Start the music again guys?”  Michael and the Diaz-Davidson Band members play the instruments again as Diane D turns to the Dianettes and says, “Ready girls?”  Nancy, Charlotte and Bernice secretly speak with each other again.  Diane D sees them not paying attention and shouts, “Excuse me!”  Nancy, Charlotte and Bernice turn to look at Diane D as Diane D says, “If you three in the back aren't ready yet, I'm not gonna have you three sing in the video!”
“We were ready Diane,” Bernice says.
“No y'all weren't!” Diane D says.  
“Yes we were Diane,” Charlotte says.  “Honest we were ready.”  Charlotte, Nancy and Bernice look at Diane D as the music stops again.  The three little boys suddenly run from the back of the house and run straight into the kitchen as Diane D turns her head towards them.  Suddenly, there is a loud crash coming from the kitchen, then two loud thumps.  
“What the hell was that?” Mickey’s voice says.  Diane D, The Dianettes, Michael and everyone else in the living room jump up and rush towards the kitchen!  Lite music comes back on the radio.

Diane D, the Dianettes, Michael, members from Diaz-Davidson Band and the camera enter the kitchen.  They all become shocked and start to scream as they see Dana covered from head to toe in paint as she lays across the kitchen floor hurt with the ladder on the floor beside her and one of the boys laying across the kitchen floor.  They all become hysterical and come to Dana's aid!  They bend down to Dana and surround and hold her as she moans and groans in pain.  “Dana,” everyone says.  “Dana!  Dana!”
“My God,” Nicolas says. “She has paint all over herself.”
Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura and several more relatives rush into the kitchen!  They start to scream!  They rush to Dana's aid also!  They bend to Dana and surround and hold on to her and call out, “Dana!  Dana!”  The little boy gets up off the floor.  Diane D and Michael angrily get up from the floor and go after the little boy.  Diane D and Michael grab the little boy as Diane D shouts to him, “Didn't we tell you guys to stop running around the house?!  Didn't we tell you that?!”
“This is exactly why we told you guys to stop running!” Michael shouts.  “This is exactly why!”
“They were still running around the house?!” Aunt Celest asks.
“Yeah,” Michael says.
Diane D and Michael go back to Dana and bend down to her.  They hold onto Dana as Dana continues to moan and groan.  The three boys become hysterical as they see Dana laying across the kitchen floor hurt.  They start to cry.  Lonna tries to calm Diane D as Diane D talks to Dana and says, “Dana it's gonna be alright!  Just hold on!”
“She's hurt real bad!” Michael says.  “We gotto call the ambulance!”
“She can't go in the ambulance with paint all over herself!” Aunt Celeste says.  “It's gonna dry up on her!  What are we gonna do?”
“We gotto clean the paint off her!” Diane D shouts, “and we got to do it fast!”  Diane D turns to her aunts and shouts, “Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean and Aunt Laura, I need you all to help me clean this paint off her!”
“You're gonna clean the paint off her now Diane?” Michael says.  
“Yeah,” Diane D says.  “We gotta clean the paint off her before it dries up!”
“How are y'all going to do that Diane?” Nicolas asks.
“We gonna remove all the clothes off her, put them on the side, then clean her entire body up with soap and water, then put clean clothes on her!  We got to do it real quick!”  Diane D turns to the Dianettes and says, “Girls we got to get several bed pans and fill them all up with soap and water!  We're gonna get the shampoo, soap, the water pans and her clothes from upstairs and bring them down!  Come with me girls!  The rest of you all stay with Dana!”
“I'll help with the water too!” Michael says.
“Me too,” Nicolas says.
Diane D rushes out of the kitchen as all the Dianettes, Michael and Nicolas hurry behind her!  Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, the other relatives and members from The Diaz-Davidson Band continue to surround and hold on to Dana as Dana has her head back continuing to moan and groan.

A couple minutes later, Diane D rushes back into the kitchen carrying a plastic pan of water, several wash cloths and several large towels.  Michael and Nicolas rush back into the kitchen with large plastic pans of water, several wash cloths, several large towels, soap and a large blanket.  They place the pans of water and soap on the floor beside Dana.  They place the blanket on the floor.  They place the wash cloths and the towels on the blanket.  The Dianettes rush back into the kitchen carrying extra clothes, shampoo and soap.  They place the extra clothes, shampoo and soap on the blanket beside Dana.  They bend on the floor and unfold a few patterned dark blue corsets with strings on the shoulders.  They unfold a few short shirts.  They unfold some pants.  Nancy turns to the other Dianettes and says, “Hey.  We forgot to get the other corset.  Come on.”  The Dianettes get back up off the floor.  They turn and hurry back out the kitchen.  
Aunt Laura looks at the Dianettes as they leave the kitchen.  She then turns and looks at the corsets.  She then says, “Those are beautiful corsets Diane.  I didn’t know Dana have corsets.  I didn‘t even know she owns or wears them.”
“She doesn’t,” Diane D says.  “Those are my corsets.”
“Your corsets?  I thought they looked something like your corsets Diane.  Why did the girls bring your corsets down here?”
“When they were upstairs before looking for something for Dana to wear, they came across my corsets and decided to pick out my corsets for her.  They asked me can they put one of my corsets on her and dress her up in it after we clean the paint off her.  I told them to go ahead, it‘s no problem.  You know the girls are into fashion Aunt Laura, they’re crazy about corsets.  They want to put the corsets on Dana and dress her up in them.”
“I see.”  
The Dianettes rush back into the kitchen carrying extra clothes and extra corsets.  They put one of the short shirts, a dark blue shirt, on the side.  They put a dark blue corset on top of it.  They then put one of the pants, a matching dark blue leggings, next to the dark blue shirt.  They then put the corsets right next to the dark blue shirt and dark blue pants.  They then unfold some dark blue socks.  Diane D then shouts, “Okay Aunt Celeste, Aunt Laura and Aunt Jean, we gotto get ready to undress her real quick!  Surround her!”  Aunt Celeste, Aunt Laura and Aunt Jean get up and surround Dana.  They bend back down to Dana and hold each of her limbs far apart as they prepare to pull up her shirt.  Lonna and Bernice hold each of Dana's legs and feet.  Diane D turns to everyone else and shouts, “Now what I need now, is for everyone else to clear out the kitchen!”
“Clear the kitchen?” Melvin says.  “Why?  Dana is hurt!  Can't we all stay in here with her?”
“No Melvin everybody cannot stay in here with Dana, we're getting ready to undress her!  We're gonna remove all her clothes so we can clean her up!  So I need everybody out the kitchen!”
“I want to stay with Dana,” Stevie says.
“You don’t need to stay with Dana Stevie!  You're the cause of her getting hurt and now you want to stay with her?!  The only thing you can do for Dana right now is to leave the kitchen!”  Diane D shouts to the crowd, “Come on everybody, you all gotto hurry and clear the kitchen so we can clean the paint off Dana before the ambulance gets here!  Everybody leave the kitchen, now!”
“We want to stay with Dana,” Stevie says.
Diane D angrily grabs and jerks Stevie by the arm and shouts, “Listen man!  Don’t give me a hard time alright?”  She then shoves Stevie right out the kitchen towards the living room and shouts, “Just go!”  Aunt Celeste, Aunt Laura and Aunt Jean continue to hold on to Dana and look on as Diane D pushes Stevie, the other little boys and the relatives into the living room.  Diane D turns to the other people and shout, “Okay I need everybody on this side out the back door!”
“Does the camera have to leave the room too?” Melvin asks.
“Oh yes definitely, especially the camera!  Everybody out!”  The camera, Michael, Nicolas and the rest of the crowd go out the back door of the kitchen as Diane D pushes them all out.

The video camera, Michael, Nicolas and the crowd are outside the house in the back yard.  Diane D comes in the back doorway and says, “Michael, we should have Dana cleaned up and changed by the time the ambulance gets here.”
“Alright Diane,” Michael says.
Diane D turns to her aunts and shouts, “Okay Aunt Celeste, you all start undressing her!”  Diane D shuts the back door and locks it.

Fifteen minutes later, everybody is standing in front of the house on the sidewalk waiting for the ambulance.  “Where is the ambulance?” Melvin asks.  “They should've been here by now.  Are you sure you called for the ambulance Michael?”
“Yeah I called the ambulance Melvin,” Michael says.  “The operator said the ambulance will be on its way.”
“Then what's taking it so long?” Nicolas asks.
“I don't know.”
“Let me call them.”  Nicolas takes Michael's cell phone and dials a number.  He speaks into the cell phone and walks away as everyone looks on tense.

A few minutes later, Nicolas hysterically comes back to Michael and says, “Michael, did you give the operator the correct address here?”
“Sure I did,” Michael says.  “I think I did.”
“What address or street did you tell them?”
“I'm not sure what address or street I told them.  I was too nervous to realize what I was saying to them.”
“They said you told them two thirtieth street?”
“I did?”
“Yes!  This is not two thirtieth street, this is two thirty-three!  You sent the ambulance three blocks away from here!”
“Oh no!  I'm sorry!  I told you I was too nervous to realize what I was saying to them!”
“It's okay.  I told them the correct address and street number.”
“Well if the ambulance is on two thirtieth, I better go catch it!”
“You're gonna go three blocks?” Melvin asks.
“Yeah.”
“How are you going to get there?”
“I'm gonna run.”
“Run?!”
“Yeah.”
“I'll run with you Michael,” Nicolas says.
“Okay.  But before we run there I better tell Diane about the mix up.”
“I'll come with you,” Melvin says.  Michael, Melvin, the camera and everyone else go to the back of the house as Nicolas stays in the front.

Everyone walks towards the back steps.  They see a water hose going into a small opening in the kitchen window.  “What are they doing,” Michael asks, “hosing her down?” 
“I think so,” Melvin says.
Michael approaches the steps to the back door.  He goes up the steps, knocks on the back door and shouts, “Diane!  Diane!”
The sound of footsteps hurry to the other side of the door.  “Yeah?!” Diane D’s voice shouts.
“Diane when I called for the ambulance, I accidentally gave the operator the wrong address!”
“You gave the operator the wrong address?!”
“Yeah!”
“What address did you give them Michael?!”  
“I told the operator two thirtieth street instead of two thirty-three!  I accidentally sent the ambulance three blocks away!”
“You did?!”
“Yeah!  Nicolas and I are about to run and catch the ambulance!”
“You two are gonna run three blocks away?!”
“Yeah!  We would take the car, but the street is all blocked with construction work!”
“Where's Nicolas at now?!”
“He's in the front waiting for me!”
“Wait a minute, hold on!  I'm coming out there!  Is the camera there at the door?!”
“Yeah the camera's at the door!”
“Well turn it away from the door, because I'm about to open the door and Dana is not dressed yet!”
“Okay!”  Michael turns to Mickey and says, “Turn the camera away from the door Mickey.”  The camera turns away from the door.  The sound of the back door unlocks.  It then opens, then shuts.  The camera turns back towards the door.  Diane D is standing outside the back door with a towel covered in paint in her wet hands as Michael asks, “What's up with the water hose Diane?” 
“Aunt Celeste and Aunt Jean are hosing Dana down now,” Diane D says.
“Oh yeah?  How's she doing?”
“Not good.”  
“Did y'all get the paint off her?”
“We got most of it off.”  Diane D comes down the steps as Michael comes down the steps behind her and says, “There's still some on her skin and her hair.”
“What else is the matter with her?” Melvin asks.
“She has a bump on top of her head.”
“She has a bump on her head?”
“Yeah and it's bleeding.”
“Bleeding?  Oh no, let us get in there to her!”  Melvin and everyone else try to go up the steps.
Diane D holds her hands up to them and stops them, then shouts, “No y'all can't go in there yet, Dana's not dressed!  We're right in the middle of rinsing all the soap off her skin and her hair!  Michael if you're going to catch the ambulance, I'm gonna go with you!  I want to make sure that ambulance get right over here!  Especially get them here through this messed up street!  Let me tell Aunt Celeste and them I'll be back.”  Diane D turns and goes back up the steps as Michael goes up the steps behind her.  She knocks on the back door and shouts, “Aunt Celeste!  Aunt Celeste!  Come to the door!”
The sound of footsteps hurry to the other side of the back door.  “What's up Diane?” Aunt Celeste’s voice says.
“Listen Aunt Celeste, I'm gonna go run and catch the ambulance with Michael!  I'll be right back!  Continue to take care of Dana!  Finish rinsing her off then dry her up then put the clean clothes on her!”
“Gotcha Diane!”
“And don't let anybody else back in the kitchen until she is decent enough, alright?”
“Alright Diane!”
“Lock the door!  I’ll be back!”  
“Okay!”  The sound of the back door locks.  
Diane D turns around and says, “Come on Michael, let's go catch that ambulance!”  Diane D wipes her hand then throws the towel to the side as she and Michael run down the steps and run from the back door.  They turn and run towards the side of the house as the camera and everyone else follows them.

Diane D, Michael and a few members from The Diaz-Davidson Band run towards the front of the house.  

Diane D, Michael and a few members from The Diaz-Davidson Band reach the front of the house and run to Nicolas as Diane D shouts, “Ready Nicolas?  Let‘s go.”  Diane D, Michael and Nicholas turn and run down the street.  Everyone else stands in front of the house looking on nervous and tense.

Several minutes later, the video camera goes to the back of the house again.  The camera goes up the steps to the back door.  Mickey knocks on the back door and shouts, “Aunt Celeste!  Aunt Celeste!  Aunt Celeste!”
The sound of footsteps hurry to the other side of the door.  “Yeah?” Aunt Celeste’s voice shouts.
“Do y'all have Dana dressed yet?  I want to come in there now!”
“No we didn't get her dressed yet Mickey!  We just finished drying her up!  We're getting ready to put her underwear on her!”
“Her underwear?”
“Yeah!”
“Okay, I'll wait a few minutes!”
“Okay!”
The camera turns away from the back door.

Ten minutes later, the video camera turns back towards the back door.  Mickey knocks on the back door again and shouts, “Aunt Celeste!   Aunt Celeste!”
The sound of footsteps hurry to the other side of the door again.  “Yeah?” Aunt Celeste’s voice shouts.
“Is Dana decent yet?”
“No not yet Mickey!   The girls have to put her pants on her and the corset top on her!”
“Oh, alright!  I'll wait another few minutes!”
“Okay!”
The camera turns away from the back door.

Ten minutes later, the video camera turns back towards the back door.  Mickey knocks on the back door again and shouts, “Aunt Celeste!  Aunt Celeste!”
The sound of footsteps come to the other side of the door again.  “Yeah Mickey,” Aunt Celeste’s voice says.
“Is Dana decent yet?  Did y'all finish getting her dress?”
“Practically!  We're just trying to dry off her back and neck!”
“She still has water on her?!”
“Yeah a little bit!”
“So her back is not covered yet?!”
“No not yet!”
“Is the rest of her covered up?”
“Yeah!”
“So is she decent enough for me to bring the camera back in there?”
“No, wait till the girls finish putting the corset top and shirt on her!  Once the girls finish putting the corset top and shirt on her, you can bring the camera in!”
“Okay.”  The camera turns away from the back door.

Five minutes later, the video camera turns back towards the back door.  Mickey knocks on the back door again and shouts, “Aunt Celeste!  Aunt Celeste!”
The sound of footsteps come to the other side of the door again.  “Yeah?” Aunt Celeste’s voice shouts.
“Is Dana decent yet?”
“Yeah, she‘s decent now!  The girls already put the corset top on her, they‘re now just putting the shirt on her!”
“Alright!  Let me in!”
“Okay!  Hold on!”
The camera turns away from the door.  The sound of the back door unlocks, then opens.  The camera turns back towards the back door.  The back door is opened.

The video camera enters back into the kitchen as Aunt Celeste goes to the living room.  The three little boys and other family members from the living room re-enter the kitchen.  Everybody sees shampoo, hair sprays, lotion, powder, perfumes and mineral ice sitting all on the kitchen floor around the Dianettes.  They see two water hoses, one coming from out the kitchen window and the other one connected to the sink faucet laying on the floor near the Dianettes.  Everybody sees Dana's paint soaked former clothes laying on the side on a stack of newspapers.  They see all the Dianettes down on their knees on the floor entirely surrounding Dana’s head and upper body and Aunt Laura and Aunt Jean around Dana’s waist and hips as Dana lays face down on the floor on a large body pillow dressed in dark blue leggings and dark blue socks with her legs and feet spread apart.  They see Miranda and Bernice on Dana's right and Charlotte and Lonna on Dana's left with Miranda and Charlotte holding Dana's arms and hands high up over behind her lower back almost bringing her hands together as they, Bernice and Lonna pull the short dark blue shirt all the way up on Dana's arms all the way up to her back, shoulders and neck putting the short dark blue shirt right on her from the back as Kelly and Nancy comb Dana's long wet hair.  “Dana,” a few voices say.  Miranda, Charlotte, Bernice and Lonna then spread Dana’s arms apart as they continue to put the short dark blue shirt all the way on her from the back.  “Is she okay?” Mickey’s voice asks.  “Is she conscious?”
“We‘re not sure Mickey,” Aunt Jean says.  “She's in a lot of pain right now.”
“Okay everybody!” Uncle Willie shouts.  “Stand back and give them some room!”  Everybody stands back and look on.
“Dana,” the three little boys start to cry out.
“When's the ambulance gonna get here?” Aunt Celeste asks.
“We don't know Aunt Celeste,” Mickey’s voice says. “Diane, Michael and Nicolas ran to get it.  They had to run three blocks away to get it because the ambulance was sent to the wrong street.”
“Yeah we heard.”
Uncle Willie gets on the floor and help Aunt Celeste, Aunt Laura, Aunt Jean and the Dianettes tend to Dana as Dana lays quietly and motionless face down on the body pillows.  Kelly then braids Dana's long hair trying to make it into one long thick braid as Nancy helps hold Dana's hair.  “Dana,” the three little boys start to cry out again.  The three little boys and some of the crowd start to approach Dana.  
Uncle Willie shoves the three little boys back and shouts, “Some of y'all have to get back!  They need room!  Give them some space, especially you three!  Give them some space!”  The three little boys and some of the people step back.  Other relatives approach Dana.  They sit on the floor surrounding Dana's legs and hips as Aunt Celeste, Aunt Laura, Aunt Jean and the Dianettes continue to help Dana.  “Okay let's turn her over,” Aunt Laura says.
“Okay,” Aunt Jean says.  Aunt Jean turns to Dana and says, “We're gonna turn you over Dana.”  
“Come on let's lift her,” Aunt Celeste says.  “One two three go!”  Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura and the Dianettes reach beneath Dana's left side.  They lift the left side of Dana’s body all the way up having Dana’s body facing sideways.  They lose their grip on Dana’s left side, causing Dana's body to fall down on a couple of their hands.  Dana’s body lays face down on their hands as she lays there with her eyes closed.
“My hand is stuck beneath her,” Lonna says as her right hand holds onto Dana’s lower back and her right hand is stuck beneath Dana's belly.  
“My hand is stuck beneath her too,” Charlotte says as her right hand holds onto Dana’s upper back and her right hand is stuck beneath Dana's chest.  “Wow, I can feel her heart beating.”
“You can?” Aunt Celeste asks.  “That’s a good sign then.  That means she’s still alive.  We'll help lift her off your hands.  Come on everybody let’s lift!”  Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, the Dianettes and everyone near Dana's legs lift the left side of Dana's body turning her body sideways again.  Charlotte and Lonna pull their hands out from beneath Dana’s body.  Everyone else then turn Dana over face up towards the ceiling as the strings and straps of the corset hang from off her shoulders.   Dana’s body practically comes off the side of the body pillow as everyone holds her.  
“We gotta lift her entire body up,” Uncle Willie says.  “One two three lift!”  Uncle Willie and everyone else lifts Dana’s entire body up a little.
“Ah she's a heavy one,” Aunt Laura says.  They bring Dana's body back over the body pillow then gently bring her body back down, having her lay face up on the body pillow with her head back a little, her arms down on the side against the floor and the short dark blue over shirt wide open baring her muscular shoulders, her muscular chest, her muscular cleavage, the short dark blue corset, her abdominal area and her entire 6-pack abs.  Everyone near Dana’s face strangely look at Dana's eyes as she lays with and her eyes slightly open, eyeballs hidden beneath her eyelids and face a little sweaty.  
“Is she okay?” Uncle Willie asks.  
“I think so,” Aunt Celeste says.  Everyone standing stares at Dana's eyes.  Kelly then takes a damp hand towel and gently wipes Dana's eyes with it closing Dana‘s eyelids.  She then wipes Dana‘s sweaty face as Nancy takes another damp hand towel and wipe off Dana's neck and upper chest area with it.  Charlotte, Lonna, Bernice and Miranda take another damp hand towel and wipe Dana's sides and abdominal area with them.  
Kelly and Nancy finish wiping Dana's face, eyes and chest area.  Kelly then pulls the strings and straps from the top of Dana’s corset on Dana's left side.  She tries to tie the strings over Dana’s left shoulder as Nancy pulls the strings and straps from the top of Dana’s corset on Dana's right side and tries to tie the strings over Dana‘s right shoulder.   “I don‘t know whether these shoulder strings and straps should be loose or tight right now,” Kelly says.  
“I don‘t know either,” Nancy says.  
“I'll come over there and help decide that,” Bernice says.  Bernice gets up off the floor.  She goes around Miranda and Kelly and goes around Dana’s head to the top of Dana's right shoulder where Nancy is.  She gets down on the floor near Dana's head and right shoulder.  She then says, “We‘re not gonna make the strings too loose or too tight right now.  We‘re gonna have it just right for now.”  Bernice takes the strings on the front right side of Dana's corset and the strings from the back right side and says, “You go like this.”  She starts to tie the strings together in a knot right on top of Dana's right shoulder.  She then ties the strings into a bow.  She then pulls the strap on the front right side of Dana's corset and the strap from the back right side.   She starts to fasten the corset straps together.  
“Those strings and straps seem kind of complicated,” Aunt Celeste says.  “Why didn’t you all just put a simple tank top on her?  Dana has plenty of tank tops.”
“But we like these corsets Aunt Celeste,” Kelly says.   
“Yeah look at them,” Miranda says as she holds up the other three corsets.  “Aren’t they pretty?”
Nancy takes one of the three corsets and holds up a pretty short, bright red rose print corset that has red straps and strings over the shoulder parts also.  She then turns the corset around.  She shows the strings and fasteners on the back of it and says, “This corset is so pretty just like this one.”  
“They are very pretty,” Aunt Celeste says.  “There’re so much strings and straps on the shoulder parts and in the back parts.  I just hope Dana doesn’t have a hard time with those strings and straps when it’s time for her to take this corset off.”
“We got it covered Aunt Celeste,” Bernice says as she adjusts the corset straps around Dana's right shoulder.  “When it’s time for this corset to come off her, we’re gonna unloosen the strings and straps ourselves then remove this corset off her ourselves.  After that, we’re gonna put one of the other corsets on her and tie the strings and straps again, simple as that.”  
“How about just putting a simple tank top on her Bernice.  That‘s what she usually wears.”
“We got corset bras for her to wear beneath her tank tops Aunt Celeste.”
“Corset bras for her to wear beneath her tank tops?”
“Yeah Aunt Celeste,” Lonna says.  “We have corset bras that are suppose to be worn underneath clothing as under garments and we have corsets that can be worn outdoors.”
“Oh yeah?” Aunt Celeste says.  
“Yeah.”
“Let me see.”
Lonna turns to the side.  She grabs 2 shiny white bra corsets that have strings and straps around the shoulder parts.  She holds up the 2 white bra corsets.  She turns the corset bras around.  There are strings, snaps and fasteners in the back of the corset bras as Lonna says, “These white bra corsets are to be worn underneath her tank tops and the other corsets can be worn outside on the street.”
“Those bra corsets have strings on them too?”
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
“Because we like these corsets Aunt Celeste.”
“Yeah, we want to put it on her,” Bernice says as she finishes adjusting and tightening the corset straps making the straps fit just right around Dana’s right shoulder.   
“Don’t worry Aunt Celeste,” Miranda says. “We’re good with the strings and straps.  We‘ll take care of them.” 
“Okay then,” Aunt Celeste says.
Bernice then goes around Dana's head to Dana's left shoulder where Kelly is.  She takes the strings on the front left side of Dana's corset and the strings from the back left side.   She starts to tie the strings together in a knot right on top of Dana's left shoulder.  She then ties the strings into a bow.  She then pulls the strap on the front left side of Dana's corset and the strap from the back left side.   She starts to fasten the straps together.  She looks at Dana's neck and says, “I thought y'all cleaned her neck up.”
“We did clean her neck up,” Charlotte says.
“Then what's that on it?”
The Dianettes, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura look at Dana's neck.  Miranda gently touches and pulls the skin on Dana's neck and inspects it.  She looks at her fingers and rubs her fingers off.  She touches and pulls the skin on Dana's neck again and says, “I don't know.  It looks like a bruise.”
Nancy touches and pulls the skin on Dana's neck and inspect it too.  “No I don't think that's a bruise,” she says.  “I think that's dirt.”
“Dirt?” Lonna says.  “How would dirt get on her neck?”
“From when she fell.  Let me wipe it off and see if it comes off.” Nancy takes the damp towel and wipes Dana's neck.  The spot doesn't come off.  “It is a bruise,” she says.
Everyone sadly looks at Dana's neck.  Aunt Celeste gets up off the floor.  She comes near Dana’s head.  She gets on the floor near Dana’s head and takes a small damp cloth.  She presses it on Dana’s neck.
“Did y'all get the paint off her ears?” Uncle Willie asks.
“Yeah we got it all off,” Aunt Laura says.
Bernice finishes adjusting and tightening the corset straps making the straps fit just right around Dana's left shoulder.  Lonna, Charlotte, Miranda and Aunt Jean start to pull the bottom of Dana's corset down on her as her six-pack abs and belly button continue to show, but the corset doesn't come down any.  “I think we have to pull it down from the back first,” Aunt Jean says.  “Okay let's lift her up.”   Aunt Jean and everyone else near Dana’s torso and hips reach their hands beneath Dana's body.  They lift the middle of her body up.  They reach their other hands way beneath Dana's back and bring her corset down in the back.  They gently bring Dana’s body back down.  They gently pull Dana's corset down as much as they can in the front and sides.  “Now let's close her shirt,” Aunt Jean says.  Aunt Jean, Lonna, Miranda and Charlotte close Dana's dark blue over shirt, covering her cleavage, chest and abdominal area.  They all then take Dana’s arms and hands from the sides and place her hands right over her lower chest beneath her breasts and fold them.  Nancy takes a small damp towel and presses it right on the top of Dana's head.  Dana hisses and moves her legs and body a little, wearing a frown on her face with her eyes closed as everybody tries to hold her still.
“Is she okay Nancy?” Aunt Jean asks.
“Oh I don‘t know,” Nancy says.  “I was just trying to hold the towel on her bump.”  
“She has a bump on her head?” Uncle Willie asks.
“Yeah,” Aunt Celeste and the Dianettes say.  
Uncle Willie and some relatives come near Dana’s head as Nancy gently places the towel down on the side.  Uncle Willie and the relatives bend down to Dana’s head and look at the top of her head.  “Where’s the bump at Nancy,” Uncle Willie asks.
“It’s right here,” Nancy says as she puts her fingers on the top of Dana’s head then moves some hair on the top of Dana’s head apart.  
Uncle Willie puts his fingers on the top of Dana’s head and puts his fingers through her hair.  He feels for the bump and says, “Yeah I can feel the bump,” he says.  
“Let me feel it,” Mickey’s voice says as he points the video camera towards the top of Dana’s head.  He puts his fingers on the top of Dana’s head and puts his fingers through her hair too.  He feels for the bump and says, “I can feel the bump too.”  
Suddenly the far away sound of the ambulance siren is being heard approaching.  “The ambulance is coming!” one of the three little boys says.
“Good,” everyone says.  Everyone hears the siren getting closer and closer.  They then hear the siren stop.
The camera goes to the back door.  The back door opens and the camera goes to the back yard.

The video camera goes to the side of the house and waits for a couple minutes.  Diane D, Michael, Nicolas and a team of three male paramedics suddenly appear and rush towards the back yard with a stretcher.  Nicolas turns to the paramedics and says, “She's right in here guys!”
Diane D turns to Mickey and says, “How's Dana doing Mickey?!”
“She’s still the same Diane,” Mickey’s voice says.  The camera turns and goes back to the back door.  The camera reaches the back door and goes back into the kitchen.

The Dianettes, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura and everyone else continue to surround Dana on the floor as they look down at her face while her eyes remain closed and face still a little sweaty.  Lonna sprays Dana's neck with some perfume as Kelly wipes the sweat off Dana's face.  Diane D, Michael, Nicolas and the paramedics rush in the back door with the stretcher.  They rush to Dana as Diane D points to Dana and shouts, “She's right here guys!”  Diane D, Michael and Nicolas hurry to Dana as the paramedics hurry behind them with a stretcher.  Diane D, Michael and Nicolas bend on the floor to Dana as Diane D says, “Dana the paramedics are here for you, okay?  Just hang on.”
“Okay we got her,” one of the paramedics says.  The paramedics bend down on the floor and tend to Dana.  They and everyone else lower the stretcher to the floor.  They gently grab Dana and lift her up.  They gently place her on the stretcher.  The paramedics put a sheet over Dana, tuck her in then roll the stretcher towards the doorway as Diane D and everyone else follows them.

It is an hour later.  Diane D's relatives and members of the Diaz-Davidson band are inside the hospital lobby surrounding the Dianettes as the Dianettes sit on the chairs.  
Diane D nervously paces back and forth several yards away.  Michael and Nicolas approach Diane D.  Diane D stops pacing and looks at Michael and Nicolas as Nicolas tells her, “Diane I called Mom, Dad, Grandma, Grandpa, Aunt Christine, Uncle David and everybody else a little while ago.  They all got hysterical when I told them what happened to Dana.  They're all on their way up here.  I also called Tony.  He's on his way up here too.”
“Okay good,” Diane D says.  “Did y'all file the accident report with the police yet?”
“Yeah they took the report already.  They gave us a copy.”  Nicolas shows Diane D a paper.
“Good.”
“Try to relax Diane,” Michael says.
“Michael how can I?  I'm worried about Dana.”
“I know.  You want me to get you some coffee?”
“That's not a bad idea.”
“Okay.”
“Nicolas do me a favor?  Call up Quench Soda and tell them that we can't make it to the photo shoot today?  I would call them myself, but I'm too emotional and upset right now.”
“No problem Diane,” Nicolas says.  “I'll call them right away.”  Nicolas goes to the side.
Michael turns to the crowd and shouts, “Anybody want some coffee while we wait because I'm heading to the coffee shop!  Girls y'all want some coffee?!”
“Yeah we want some coffee,” Bernice says.  
“We'll come with you Michael,” Lonna says.
“Okay!” Michael says.  Michael and Diane D turn and go towards the exit as Bernice, Kelly and Lonna get up from their seats.  Bernice, Kelly and Lonna follow Michael and Diane D as some of Diane D's relatives and some members of the Diaz-Davidson band follow Bernice, Kelly and Lonna.

Bernice, Kelly, Lonna, Diane D's relatives and the members of the Diaz-Davidson Band go through the vestibule and go out the front exit glass door as Diane D and Michael come through the vestibule with their arms wrapped around each other.  Diane D turns to Michael and says, “Y'all go ahead Michael.  I want to wait around to hear about Dana.”
“Okay Diane,” Michael says.  “We'll be back.”
“Okay.”
Michael pats Diane D on the shoulder then goes out the front exit.  Diane D stays inside the vestibule and worriedly watches them all.  She then backs a little and starts to pace back and forth again being worried and nervous as she holds the back of her neck.
“Try to relax Diane,” Mickey’s voice says.
Diane D stops pacing.  She looks behind the video camera at Mickey and says, “How can I Mickey?!  Not knowing what's going on with Dana.  I wish they hurry and tell us something.”
“They will.”
“Diane D!” teenage girls’ voices suddenly shout.  “Oh my God!  It's Diane D!”
“Who's that?”
Diane D quickly looks behind the video camera at Mickey then turns and looks towards the front exit.  The video camera turns towards the front exit.  Three black pre-teen girls from outside excitingly run to the exit door.  They open the exit door and excitingly come into the vestibule.  They approach Diane D and shout, “Diane D!  Oh my God it's you!”   The girls look behind the camera at Mickey and say, “And your brother!”  The girls look back at Diane D and say, “Hi Diane D!”
“We thought that looked like the Dianettes walking out there with your husband and some other people!” the first girl says.  “How are you all doing Diane D?!”
“We're okay so far,” Diane D says.
“Wow that's good!” 
“Wow,” the second girl says.  “Those are nice Quench Soda outfits you and the Dianettes have on!” 
“Thanks,” Diane D says.
“So what are you all doing here Diane D?!” the third girl asks.  “What are you doing here in the hospital?!”
“Well my cousin had an accident at home and she's here in the hospital.”
“Your cousin had an accident at home?”
“Yeah.”
“Which cousin?”
“Dana.”
“Dana?!” the first girl says. “You mean the one who was arrested with you before?  And the one who was suspected of shooting ……..”
“Yep!  That's the one.”
“Oh.  Well what happened to her?”
“She fell off a ladder in my grandparents' kitchen.”
“She fell off a ladder in your grandparents' kitchen?”
“Yeah.”
“How that happened?”
“My little cousins were running around the house, ran into the kitchen and ran right into the ladder while Dana was on top of it painting the ceiling.  The ladder slipped right from beneath Dana and fell to the floor so Dana fell and crashed right to the floor and got hurt real bad.  That's why she's in here.”
“God.  I hope she'll be okay.”
“Yeah we all hope so t…,” Diane puzzled looks down at the girls' hands and asks, “What are those in your hands?”
The first girl and the other two girls hold their hands up, each holding a cigarette between their fingers as the first girl says, “These are cigarettes.”
“Cigarettes?!  You're smoking?!”
“Well, yeah.”
“My God, how old are you?!”
“Twelve,” the first girl says.
“Eleven,” the third girl says.
“Twelve,” the second girl says.
“Twelve year olds and an eleven year old!” Diane D shouts, “and you're smoking?!  You're too young to be smoking, what's wrong with you?!  Don't you know cigarettes are bad for your health?!”
“Calm down Diane,” Mickey’s voice says.
The girls nervously look at Diane D as Diane D shouts to them, “You girls shouldn't be smoking cigarettes at all!  Y'all should be ashamed of yourselves, smoking cigarettes at your age!  Do your parents know you do this?”
“Well.…,” the girls nervously say.
“I didn't think so.  Listen, I want you girls to do me a big, big a favor, alright?  I want you three to take your cigarettes and throw them right there in the trash can,” Diane D says as she angrily points to a trash can on the side of the vestibule.  The girls nervously look at the trash can.  They nervously look back at Diane D.  “Well what are y’all waiting for?” Diane D shouts.  “Throw the cigarettes in the trash can!”    The girls nervously look at the trash can again.  They nervously look back at Diane D.  “Well,” Diane D says.  “I see y'all don't want to throw your cigarettes away.  Fine, I'll take the cigarettes!  Hand me your cigarettes please!”  Diane D says as she holds her hand out to the cigarettes.  “Come on hand it over!”  The girls nervously hand Diane D their cigarettes.  Diane D takes the cigarettes out of the teenage girls’ hands.  “There,” she says.  She angrily waves her index finger at the girls and says, “Now I don't ever want you three to smoke anymore cigarettes, especially at your age, do you hear me?”  The girls sadly look at Diane D.  “I said do y'all hear me.”
“Yes,” the girls nervously say.
“Good.” Diane D holds the three cigarettes up and looks at them.  She starts to admire the cigarettes.  She looks towards the front door and sees Boris approaching it.  She then calls out to him and shouts, “Hey Boris!”  Diane D walks away from the teenage girls with their cigarettes in her hand.  She walks towards the exit door as the teenage girls puzzled look at her.
“Diane, what are doing?” Mickey’s voice asks.
“I'll be back Mickey,” Diane D says.
Diane D opens the front exit door and stands in the doorway as Boris approaches her.  “Hey Boris,” she says.  
“What's up Diane?” Boris says.
“I have a few cigarettes.  You got a light?”
“Do I have a light?”
“Yeah.”
“Where did you get cigarettes from Diane?”
“Don’t worry about where I got the cigarettes from.  Do you have a light?”
“Yeah I got a light.”
“Good.  You wanna go for a smoke?”
“Go for a smoke?  I guess we can go for a smoke.”
“Cool, let‘s go.”  Diane D pushes the exit door more open and goes out the front door.  
“Where are you going Diane?!” Mickey’s voice shouts.  Diane D and Boris turn and walk away from the exit door and disappear outside as Mickey shouts, “Diane!  Diane!”  The exit door closes.  
The pre-teen girls puzzled look towards the exit doors.  Then they turn to each other as the first girl shockingly says, “She took our cigarettes.”  The girls puzzled look at one another then turn towards the camera and puzzled look at Mickey.

The next afternoon in the video, the video scene shows Diane D, dressed in a shiny long sleeved cream colored blouse with a shiny cream colored corset underneath and shiny cream colored pants with her hair back in one long wavy thick ponytail with a shiny cream colored bow behind the back of her head at the top of her pony tail, and Michael walking through the hospital corridor towards a hospital room.  Dana's sisters, Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda, their cousin Judy and several Jamaican relatives are at the doorway.  “Hey everybody,” Diane D says.
“What's up everybody?” Michael says.
“Hey Diane,” Landa says.
“Hey Michael,” Linda says.
Diane D and Michael give Dana's sisters and relatives a hug.  Dana's sisters and relatives then hug Mickey.  “Yuh still got dat camera Mickey?” Londa asks.
“Yep,” Mickey’s voice says.  “I still got it.”
“So what's up?” Diane D says.  “What’s going on in there?”
“Well everybody is in there surrounding Dana,” Missy says.  
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.  How're you guys doing?”
“Okay.”
“Wow Diane,” Linda says.  “You look so pretty.”
“Thanks baby.  How's Dana?”
“Oh she's sleeping right now,” Judy says.
“Yeah,” Landa says.  “She‘s been asleep ever since we got here.”
“Oh yeah?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah.  Mom, Dad, Grandmas and Grandpas are all in there.”
“You mean the family and relatives from Jamaica came up?” Michael asks.
“Yeah.”
“Tony's in there too,” Judy says.
“He is?” Michael asks.
“Yeah.”
“It’s not too much room in there,” Linda says.  “Thas why we're out here.”
“Well let me squeeze in there and see what's going on,” Mickey’s voice says.  Mickey heads the camera into the hospital room.

The video camera comes into the hospital room.  The hospital room is crowded with Dana‘s family and relatives from Jamaica, West Indies.  Tony, Gracy, Grandpa Mike, David, Christine, Christine's parents Winston and Marie, Marie's sister Merlene and around nine or more of Christine's other family and relatives surround Dana's hospital bed near her head talking, smiling and admiring Dana as Dana lays face up in the bed sound asleep with a blanket up to her hips, dressed in a shiny long sleeved dark red rose print blouse with the shiny bright red rose print corset underneath and shiny dark red leggings with her hair back in one long thick braid with a shiny dark red bow near the bottom of her long thick braid as her long thick braid rests on top of the side of her chest.  She has one knee up underneath the blanket, her right hand resting on her lower chest and her left arm and hand resting underneath the back of her head.  “Did she eat yet?” Gracy asks
“Yeah,” David says.  “The nurse said she only ate a little breakfast this morning.”
“She only ate a little breakfast?” Grandpa Mike asks.  “How come?”
“I guess she didn’t have much of an appetite, because her head still hurts from the bump on it.”
“Oh I see.”
“Wow,” Merlene says.  “She looks so beautiful laying here like dis.” 
“She sure does,” Marie says.  “And what a lovely outfit she’s wearing too.”
“It sure is,” Christine’s sister Patricia says.  “I got to get me one.”  Everyone laughs a little as Dana remains asleep with her eyes closed.  
“Hey everybody,” Diane D’s voice says.  Dana's family, relatives, Tony and the video camera turn and see Diane D, Michael and Judy enter the room.  
“Hey Diane, Michael,” Dana‘s family and relatives say.
“What's up guys?” Diane D says.  Diane D, Michael and Judy go to Dana's bedside and approach Christine and David.  Diane D and Michael give Christine and David hugs and kisses.  They all then turn and look down at Dana as Diane D asks, “So what's going on right now?  How's she doing so far?”
“Well her head is a little warm,” Christine says.
“It is?”
“Yeah.”  Christine and Diane D feel Dana's forehead.  They then remove their hands from off her forehead.
“They took care of the bump on her head and said they want to keep her in the hospital for a few days for observation,” David says.
“Yeah they told us the same thing yesterday,” Diane D says.
“They said when she comes home, she might have to use a cane to help her walk and get around for a month,” Gracy says.
“Yeah we heard,” Michael says.
“Your Mom, Dad, your Grandma Margarita and your Grandpa Tomas left here twenty minutes ago Diane,” Christine says.
“They did?” Diane D asks.
“Yeah mon.  They're suppose to come back later on.”
“Okay.”
“Dana has a nice scent on her Diane,” Marie says.
“She sure does,” Winston says.  “Wah soap or ointment is that on her?”
“It’s the Ginger Peach soap, bath oil, shower gel and lotion,” Diane D says.
“Ginga Peach soap, bath oil, showa gel and lotion?”
“Yeah.”  
“I've seen that somewhere before,” Christine’s brother Alan says.  “Who put it on her?”
“Oh the girls and I came here this morning and bathed her with the Ginga Peach soap.”
“You and the girls came here this morning and bathed her?” Merlene asks.
“Yeah.”
“Was she awake at that time?” Marie asks.
“Yeah she was awake.  Her eyes were half open because she was still sleepy.”
“She was?”
“Yeah.  After the girls and I bathed her, we put the bath oil, shower gel and lotion on her.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, it’s smells so nice,” Merlene says.  “We also love this beautiful red outfit she has on.  Whose outfit is this?”
“That’s my outfit Aunt Merlene.”
“Your outfit?”
“Yeah.”
“It’s so pretty,” Marie says.  “But why is your outfit on Dana?”
“The girls wanted to put my outfit on Dana, so they did.”
“You mean they put this entire outfit on her?”
“Yup, they sure did.”
“Wow,” Christine says.  “What about this pretty red corset she has on underneath her shirt?  Where did she get this corset from?”
“That’s one of my corsets Aunt Christine.”
“One of your corsets?”
“Yeah.”
“What’s it doing on Dana?”
“The girls wanted to put it on her.”
“They put the corset on her too?”
“Yeah, they put everything on her.”
“But Dana doesn’t normally wear corsets Diane,” Marie says.
“I know she doesn‘t normally wear corsets Grandma Marie, but the girls wanted to put the corset on her anyway.  After Dana got hurt yesterday, the girls wanted to try one of my corsets on her after we cleaned the paint off her, so they chose my blue corset and put it right on her.  They saw how nice my blue corset looked on Dana, that’s why they wanted to put my red corset on her this morning with my red outfit.”
“So what happened to your blue corset the girls had on her yesterday?” Gracy asks.
“The girls had to take it right back off Dana when it was time for her to get an X-ray.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“So how did you all wound up with this red corset outfit on her?” Christine asks.
“Well after we bathed Dana this morning, the girls had a few corsets with them and started fussing over which corset to put on her.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.  I told them that if they don’t stop fussing and hurry up and decide which corset to put on Dana, I was going to decide myself which corset to put on her.”
“Oh yeah?  So what did they do?”
“They made a quick unanimous decision and decided to go with this red corset.  That’s why you see this red corset on Dana.”
“Wow, it looks very pretty on her.”
“It does.  Then the girls wanted to put matching colors on her to match the corset, so they put my red shirt on her.”
“Wow, it looks very pretty on her too.”
“It does.  They even putted my red leggings on her.”
“Yeah we see it,” Christine says as she and everyone else look at the top of the shiny dark red leggings around Dana‘s waist. 
“Wow,” Judy says.  “It looks very pretty on her too.”
“It does.  And what about this pretty red bow on her braid?”
“The girls put that bow on Dana‘s braid after they combed her hair then braided it again,” Diane D says.
“They combed her hair too?” Merlene asks.
“Yeah.  They dressed her from head to toe.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow,” Christine says.  “How did they match this red outfit and red bow on her so perfectly?”
“Because the girls are into fashion Aunt Christine.  They want to start and create their own fashion line.”
“Yeah your mom, dad, Margarita and Tomas was telling us.  They said the girls already started attending some fashion school in Manhattan.”
“Yeah Aunt Christine, the girls go to fashion school.”
“Wow, that is fantastic Diane!”
“It is!” Winston says.  “What kind of clothing designs do the girls want to create?”
“They want to design corset outfits with matching over shirts, skirts and leggings like this red one, and they want to design corset bras and other lingerie,” Diane D says.
“Corset outfits with matching over shirts, skirts, leggings, corset bras and other lingerie?” Patricia asks.
“Yeah.  They already designed and created some corset bras and some corset outfits.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, that’s interesting Diane!” Christine says.
“It is!” Marie says.  “Well where are their corset bras and corset outfits?”
“You’re looking at one of them,” Diane D says.  “I’m wearing this cream colored corset outfit that the girls designed and created themselves.”
“They designed and created that corset outfit you‘re wearing?!” Christine asks.
“Yep, they sure did.”
“You’re kidding Diane.”
“No I’m not kidding Aunt Christine.  The girls did design and create this corset outfit.”
“Wow, that is so pretty Diane!”
“It is,” Patricia says.  
“Well where are the other corset outfits that they designed and created?” David asks.
“They have it at home,” Diane D says.
“They do?” Marie asks.
“Yeah.”
“Did you design or create any corset bras or outfits too Diane?”
“No I can’t design or create clothes.”
“You can’t?”
“No.  I’ve tried to, but my design and creation didn’t turn out right.  I’m not good at designing or creating clothes at all like the girls are, so what the girls are planning to do, is put their corset design outfits right on me and practice their fashion techniques on me.”
“What?” Christine says.  “They’re planning to put their corset design outfits on you and practice their fashion techniques on you?”
“Yeah.  Last week, Grandma Margarita came to me and told me to get ready, because she said all the girls came to her, mom, dad, Grandpa Tomas, Uncle Tonio and Aunt Marilyn and told them all, that they’re planning to dress me up in a yellow corset outfit that they’re going to have made for me when I sing in the music video.” 
“What,” Christine laughs.  “The girls told your family that they’re planning to dress you up in a yellow corset outfit that they’re going to have made for you when you sing in the music video?”
“Yeah.  Grandma also said that the girls are planning to put matching yellow bows in my hair when I sing in the music video?”
“They’re planning to put matching yellow bows in your hair too?”
“Yeah.”
“So in other words, the girls are planning to have you model in their clothes while you’re singing in the music video?”
“It certainly seems that way Aunt Christine.”
“Well who else is going to be in the music video with you?”
“No one.  I’m going to be singing in the music video by myself.”
“You are?”
“Yeah.”
“And you didn’t know that the girls were planning to dress you up in their clothes and put bows in your hair for the music video?”
“No I had no idea at all, not until Grandma Margarita came to me and told me about it.”
“I see.  Well who did your hair and put that pretty matching bow on the back of it?”
“The girls did it this morning before we came here.”
“They did your hair and put that bow on the back of it?” 
“Yeah.”
“Wow that outfit and bow looks nice on you Diane.  I think that is so nice that the girls want to dress you up in their clothes and put bows in your hair for the music video.  
“It is nice,” Merlene laughs.  “So like your Grandma Margarita said Diane, ‘get ready for the girls to dress you up in their clothing line and put bows in your hair for the music video.”
“Yeah Diane,” Marie laughs.  “Get ready.”
“Well you guys better get ready too,” Diane D says, “because the girls are planning to come here tomorrow morning and dress Dana up in their clothing line too.”
“What?” Dana’s relatives say.
“Oh yeeeaah.  They saw how nice and pretty my corset outfits looked on her yesterday and today, so now they’re planning to practice their fashion techniques on her too.”
“You’re kidding Diane,” Christine says.
“No I’m not kidding Aunt Christine.  When the girls come here tomorrow morning, they’re planning to bring those corset outfits they designed and created back here with them, and put one of the corset bras and shirt and pants outfits right on Dana.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”  
“Which corset bra Diane?” Gracy asks.  
“You know, the white satin one with the strings and straps around the shoulders, and hooks, strings and fasteners on the back?”
“Oh that one?”
“Yeah.  After they put that corset bra on Dana, they’re going to put a shirt and pants outfit on her over the corset bra.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”
“So the girls are planning to practice their fashion techniques on Dana while she’s in the hospital?” Merlene asks.
“Yes while she’s in the hospital and when she comes out the hospital.”
“When she comes out the hospital too?”
“Yeah.” 
“But why?” Marie says. “Dana doesn’t usually wear corsets Diane.” 
“Well she does now Grandma Marie.  She does now.”
“So wahs going to happen to the tank tops she usually wears?”
“Oh she‘s still going to wear those tank tops.  That’s wear the corset bras come in for Dana to wear beneath her tank tops, that’s all.  The girls are crazy about corsets.  Once they saw how pretty the corsets looked on Dana, believe me, that was it.  They made plans to practice their fashion techniques on her right away.  They’re planning to put corset bras and outfits on both me and her.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.  The girls got lots of plans for their fashion clothing line.  Believe me, they got plans.”
“Wow.”
“So what are they going to do with this red corset and the rest of this outfit?” Merlene asks.  
“They’re going to take it off Dana when they come here tomorrow morning,” Diane D says.  “After they take this outfit off her, they’re going to help bathe her again then put one of their corset bras and outfits on her.  Then we‘re going to bring the red outfit home.  So by the time you all get here tomorrow afternoon, you will see Dana in a completely different corset bra and outfit that the girls designed and created themselves.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow I’m so excited!  I can’t wait to see the other corset outfits that the girls designed and created!”
“Me neither!” Christine says.  “Wow Diane.  It sounds like the girls are planning to have both you and Dana modeling their corset outfit clothing line.”
“It certainly looks that way Aunt Christine,” Diane D says.
“Well obviously their fashion techniques seem to work because you and Dana look so nice in these outfits, you two look like princesses.”
“Princesses?  We do?”
“Yeah mon.  I see the girls did a great job on you two.”
“They sure did,” Marie says.  “Where are the girls at anyway Diane?”
“They’re in Fashion School Grandma Marie,” Diane D says.  “They got classes right now.”
“They do?”
“Yeah.  After we left here this morning, the girls had to hurry and get to the Fashion School so they can be there on time.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh oooh Diane,” Patricia says.  “You know what that means?”
“No Aunt Patricia, I don’t.  What does it mean?”
“It means to ‘get ready’ because the girls are gonna come for you and Dana to dress you two up in more of their corset clothing lines and hair bows.”  
Everybody smiles and laughs as Diane D points to Patricia and says, “Oh don’t worry Aunt Patricia, because after the girls finish with me and Dana, they might come for you next, then you’ll be wearing corset outfits and hair bows right along with us, bam!”  Diane D throws her fist up in the air as they all laugh then look at Patricia.   Patricia smiles and nods her head at Diane D.  They all then look down and smile at Dana as Dana remains asleep.

The next morning in the video, the camera is inside Gracy and Mike’s house.  The Dianettes are in the living room excitingly holding and gathering a bunch of corset bras and corset outfits and mini-skirts of different colors, designs and patterns wrapped in plastic garment bags.  
Margarita is sitting down on a chair in the living room as Barry and Tonio stand next to her with a cup of coffee in each of their hands drinking the coffee and talking to her.
Charlotte, Lonna and Miranda turn and walk towards Margarita, Barry and Tonio with several corset outfits and mini-skirts in garment bags.  
Charlotte, Lonna and Miranda approach Margarita, Barry and Tonio as Charlotte says, “Grandma, Uncle Tonio, Uncle Barry?  The girls and I are having a hard time deciding which corset bra and corset outfit to put on Diane and which corset bra and corset outfit to put on Dana.”
“Yeah Grandma Margarita,” Lonna says as she holds up a white corset bra, a white corset outfit with bright green and blue leave patterns on it and a light blue corset outfit with white polka dots.  “Should we put this corset bra and corset outfit on Diane and should we put this corset bra and corset outfit on Dana?” Lonna says as she holds up 2 white corset bras, a dark brown long sleeved blouse with a bright white tank shirt underneath with a dark brown collar and dark brown paisley print on it, dark brown leggings and a white short sleeved blouse.  
“Or should we put the green, blue and white or silver outfit on Diane and the polka dot or brown outfit on Dana?” Miranda says as she holds up a green, blue and white print outfit, a silver tank top, a silver short sleeved blouse, a light blue polka dot corset outfit, a white short sleeved blouse and shiny gray pants.
“Wow those are lovely patters girls!” Margarita says.  
“They are,” Tonio says.
“I think so too,” Barry says.
“Thanks Grandma, Uncle Tonio, Uncle Barry,” Charlotte says.
“Well I think all those outfits will look great on both Diane and Dana,” Margarita says.  
“You think so Grandma?”
“I know so.  Are all those outfit’s the same size?”
“Yeah,” Lonna says. “Diane and Dana practically have the same measurements.  They wear the same size clothes.”
“Yeah I know.”
“Well since Diane and Dana wear the same size clothes, I guess it doesn’t make a difference which outfit to put on who,” Tonio says.  
“Yeah that’s true,” Barry says.  “Put either outfit on either of them.”
“Okay,” Charlotte says.  “You talked us into it.” 
“So we’ll go upstairs and put the white corset bra, these silver shirts and these gray pants on Diane,” Miranda says, “then we’ll go to the hospital and put the other white corset bra and these white shirts and brown leggings on Dana.  That settles it.”
“Okay,” Margarita says.  “What time are you all going to the hospital?”
“As soon as we finish putting this corset bra and outfit on Diane.  After that, we’ll go straight to the hospital to put the other corset bra and outfit on Dana, then after that, we’ll go to school.”
“Okay, you all better hurry because it’s getting late.”
“Okay Grandma,” Charlotte says.  “What time are you all going to go to the hospital?”
“Oh we’re going to be there this afternoon while you all are still in school.”
“Okay Grandma.  We left some lingerie, some shirts, skirts and some pants on your bed for you, my mom and Aunt Mary to wear to the hospital.”
“Okay baby.  Thanks.  We‘ll have it on when we go to the hospital.”
“Okay.”
Miranda turns to Charlotte and Lonna and says, “Come on girls.  Let’s hurry and get upstairs so we can put this corset bra and outfit on Diane then get to the hospital to put the other outfit on Dana.”
“Okay,” Charlotte says.  Miranda, Charlotte and Lonna turn and excitingly hurry back to Nancy, Bernice and Kelly with the garment bags.   
Miranda, Charlotte and Lonna turn and excitingly hurry towards the staircase as they continue to hold the garment bags.  Nancy, Bernice and Kelly turn and excitingly follow them as they continue to hold onto their garment bags.  They all excitingly head up the stairs.
Margarita, Barry and Tonio stare up the stairs at the Dianettes.  Barry then turns to Margarita and Tonio and says, “You know I don’t think the girls just adopted Diane as their personal doll, I think they adopted Dana too.”
“I think so too,” Tonio says.  He then looks at Margarita and says, “I think they’re about to adopt all you women Ma.”
“Well that‘s what girls do,” Margarita smiles and says.  “They like to help and play dress up.”  Margarita, Barry and Tonio continue to smile and chit chat with each other.

That same afternoon in the video, the camera is in Dana’s hospital room again.  The hospital room is crowded with Dana‘s family and relatives again as they surround her hospital bed near her head talking, smiling and admiring her again as she lays sideways in the bed sound asleep with one hand beneath her head, the other hand resting against her side with the blanket up to her hips, dressed in the bright white tank shirt with the dark brown collar with dark brown paisley print on it, the white short sleeved blouse over it bearing her muscular arms and dark brown leggings with her hair back in one long thick braid again with a bright white bow near the bottom of her long thick braid as her long thick braid rests on the side of her.  “Well, Diane was absolutely right yesterday when she said that we were gonna see Dana in a completely different outfit today,” Christine says.
“Yeah she sure was right,” David says.  “I guess the girls came here this morning, changed her clothes then hurry and left for Fashion School.”
“Most likely,” Merlene says, “because Dana looks so beautiful laying here today just like she did yesterday.”
“She does,” Marie says.  “This is a beautiful outfit just like the red one she had on yesterday.”
“It is,” Alan says.  “Did she get up at all?  Is she able to walk around?”
“Yeah she’s able to walk around Alan,” Gracy says.
“She is?”
“Yeah.  As a matter of fact, Dana got up and walked right to the restroom around an hour ago before you all got here.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.  Then she came back out the restroom and got right back in the bed.  She‘s been asleep ever since.”
“Did she eat anything?”
“She still only ate a little breakfast this morning.  She still doesn‘t have much of an appetite.” 
“I see.”
Dana remains asleep with her eyes closed as her family and relatives continue to admire her.  
“Good afternoon everybody,” Diane D’s voice says.  Dana's family and the camera turn and see Diane D and Michael enter the room with Diane D dressed in the silver tank top, the silver short sleeved blouse bearing her muscular arms, the shiny gray pants and a silver bow behind her head at the top of her long thick braid. 
“Wow look at her,” Dana‘s family and relatives smile and say.
“You’re looking sharp and pretty today Diane,” Marie says.
“Thanks,” Diane D says.  Diane D and Michael go to Dana's bedside and approach Christine and David again.  They give Christine and David hugs.  They all then turn and look down at Dana as Diane D asks, “So how’s she doing right now?”
“Well she got up and went to the restroom around and hour ago,” Gracy says.
“She did?”
“Yeah.”  
“Well Diane,” Alan says.  “We see you kept your promise when you said we are going to see Dana in a completely different outfit by the time we come back here this afternoon because look, she’s in a completely different outfit just like you said.”
“Well the girls did say that they were gonna come back here this morning and change Dana’s clothes and they did,” Diane D says.  
“Did you all bathe her again before you changed her clothes?” Merlene asks.
“Yeah we bathed her again.”
“Was she awake at that time?” Marie asks.
“Yeah her eyes were open, she was awake.  She was still sleepy though.”
“Oh I see.”  
“She still smells nice Diane,” Merlene says.  
“She does,” David says.  
“Wah happened to the red outfit she had on yesterday?” Winston asks.
“The girls and I brought it back home, then the girls had to hurry and get to Fashion School,” Diane D says.  
“They’re in their Fashion School classes right now?”
“Yeah.”  
“Diane is this outfit Dana is wearing the same outfit that you were talking about yesterday, that the girls designed and created themselves?” David asks.
“Yeah that’s the outfit Uncle David,” Diane D says.
“Wow, they did a fantastic job.”
“They sure did,” Marie says.  “Does she get to keep this outfit she‘s wearing Diane?”
“Of course she gets to keep the outfit Grandma Marie,” Diane D says.  “The girls gave it to her.”
“I see.  Did the girls design and create the outfit you‘re wearing right now?”
“Yeah they designed and created this outfit too, and I get to keep it.”
“Wow,” Christine says.  “Those are marvelous outfits Diane, but I don’t see corset tops on either you or Dana.  I see you two are wearing tank top shirts underneath your outer shirts.”
“That’s because the corset bras are underneath our tank top shirts Aunt Christine.”
“Oh you and Dana are wearing corset bras underneath your tank top shirts?”
“Yeah, it’s not the kind of corsets you wear out in the street, it’s the kind that’s hidden and worn underneath our clothes.  It‘s actually our undergarments, that‘s why you don‘t see it.”
“Oh your under garments?”
“Yeah.”
“I see.  Wow that is so nice Diane.  How does the corset bras feel on you and Dana, is it comfortable on you two?”
“Yeah it feels very comfortable on me Aunt Christine.”
“It does?”
“Yeah.”
“What about Dana?” Merlene asks.  “Is the corset bra comfortable on her?”
“Well at first, the girls couldn’t fasten and hook the back of the corset bra on her.”
“They couldn‘t?” Marie says.
“No, the fasteners and hooks couldn’t reach each other.”
“No?  Why not?”
“Because the corset bra was too small for Dana I guess, so the girls had to take the corset bra off her and replace it with a larger corset bra that they brought here.”
“They brought a larger corset bra here?”
“Yeah.”
“Did the larger corset bra fit Dana?  Were the girls able to fasten and hook the back of it on Dana this time?”
“Yeah they were able to fasten and hook the back of the larger corset bra on her.  She’s wearing it underneath her tank top shirt right now.”
“She is?”
“Yeah.”
“So what happened to the other corset bra that didn’t fit her?” Gracy asks.
“We brought it back to Grandma Margarita‘s house with the red outfit.”
“So what are the girls planning to do with that corset bra since it didn’t fit Dana?”
“They’re planning to add a little more material to it and adjust it so it can fit her.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”
“How long will that take?” Grandpa Mike asks,
“Maybe a week or less.”
“Dana will most likely be out of the hospital by then.”
“That’s okay.  The girls said if Dana is already out of the hospital by the time that corset bra is adjusted and finished, they’ll just bring the corset bra over to your place and put it on her there.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”  
“Wow, these outfits the girls designed and created look so nice and cute on both you and Dana Diane,” Christine says.
“Thanks Aunt Christine,” Diane D says.  
“I love the way they match the colors and everything.  I see they still put the cute matching bows on both of your hair.”  Everyone laughs a little.  Christine then says, “It looks like the girls still have both you and Dana modeling their corset outfit clothing line and they did a great job on you and Dana again because you and Dana still look like princesses.”
“They sure do Christine,” Marie says.  
“Let me know when the girls start selling their corset outfit and lingerie clothing line because I’m going to definitely buy some of their clothes.”
“So am I,” Merlene says.
“So am I,” Marie says
“Yeah me too,” Patricia says.  
“Wow,” Diane D says.  “I‘m glad you all are interested in buying some of the girls’ clothing line, because the girls are planning to drop some free samples of their clothing line off to you all before you all leave and head back to Jamaica.”
“What?” Marie excitingly says.  “They’re planning to drop some free samples of their clothing line to us before we go back to Jamaica?”
“Yeah.”
“You mean they’re going to give us some corset bras and corset outfits, just like they gave you and Dana?” Merlene asks.
“Yeah, so you can wear the clothes and help advertise their clothing line when you all get back to Jamaica so their clothing line outfits can get free exposure.”
“Free exposure,” Christine says. 
“Yeah, and hopefully help their clothing line get into some of the stores and hotel resorts down there.”
“Get into some of the stores and hotel resorts down there?”
“Yeah.  Grandma Margarita wants to try to get the girls’ clothing line into some of the stores and hotel resorts in the Dominican Republic too.”  
“Yeah she was telling us that.  Wow that is so cool Diane.  I’ll definitely help the girls’ clothing line get free exposure.  I’m going to help advertise their clothing line at my clinics in Jamaica.”
“You are?”
“Of course I am Diane, you‘re my family.  It’s good to support each other and help each other out.”
“Oh thank you so much Aunt Christine. The girls will definitely appreciate it.  As soon as the girls advertise the outfits and clothing line on the organization’s website, I’ll let you all know.”
“Oh they’re going advertise and sell their clothing line from the organization’s website?” Marie asks.
“Yeah and we’re going to try to get the clothing line into some stores here too.”
“You are?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, that is so fantastic Diane!” 
“It is,” David says.  “By the way Diane, the girls don’t happen to have any free men’s wear to give away do they?”
“Free men’s wear?” Diane D asks.  “Sorry Uncle David.  The girls didn’t design or create any men’s wear.”
“I didn’t think so.  I just thought I’d ask anyway.”  Everyone laughs a little.  
Christine then says, “Well congratulations to the girls‘ corset and lingerie clothing line Diane and I wish their corset and lingerie clothing line all the success.”
“Thanks Aunt Christine,” Diane D says. 
“You’re welcome baby.”
Everybody then looks down and smile at Dana as Dana remains asleep.

BACK TO THE PRESENT:

Back in the Quench Soda office, the video goes off.  The Quench Soda executives sadly look at each other.  They then look at Diane D's family.  “I'm sorry,” Seth says.  “We had no idea this happened.  We didn't know your niece Dana got hurt.  It's a good thing you showed us the video.”
“I'm sorry too guys,” Doug says. “Like you said, in situations like this, family comes first.”
“Yeah I'm sorry too,” the second executive says. “I'm sorry your family went through a tragedy like this.  How is your niece Dana doing by the way?”
“She's doing okay,” Barry says.  “She's still in the hospital.  The last part of that video was shot this afternoon.”
“It was?” Seth asks.  
“Yes.”
“I see.  Well how are Diane D and The Dianettes doing?”
“They're all okay.  They're hanging in there.”
“That's good. All I can say is that, Diane D, the Dianettes and the rest of your family were like pros the way they took care of and handled the situation.”
“Yes they were.”
“We saw the wonderful Quench Soda outfits Diane D and the Dianettes were all wearing.  We even saw the fashion line clothes that the Dianettes created.  Their fashion line clothes were very nice.”
“Thank you.”
“Listen guys, there won't be a lawsuit.  You don't have to worry we will not go to court.  Maybe we can schedule another photo shoot for Diane D and The Dianettes sometime in the future, if it's okay?”
“I don't see why not,” Barry says.  “We'll talk to the rest of our family about it.”
“Okay.”  All the men get up and shake hands.  “Thanks for showing us the video,” Seth says.  “Do y'all have other copies of the video?”
“Yes we do.  We have several copies.”
“Well could we buy the rights to this copy?”
“Buy the rights to the copy?  What for?”
“Because I would like to show it on television.”
“Show it on television?” Barry and Tomas say.
“Yes.”
“Why do you want to show this video on television?” Tomas asks.
“Well it seemed like such a heartwarming video of everything that happened in there, especially Diane D and the Dianettes and everybody else handling the situation.  I would like to share it with the world.”
“Share it with the world?”
“Yes.”
“And you also want the world to see Diane and the girls wearing the Quench Soda outfits, don't you?” Barry says.
“Well, I'll admit that's part of it too.  It shows Diane D and the Dianettes being superheroes wearing the Quench Soda outfits while they‘re helping your niece Dana after her accident.  There’s one thing in the video I’m sort of puzzled about.”
“And what’s that?”
“Does Diane D smoke?  The video shows her taking the cigarettes away from the three little girls who came into the hospital entrance and approached her.  Then the video shows Diane D leaving the hospital building with the little girls’ cigarettes in her hand then walk away with some fellow to smoke the cigarettes herself.  I thought Diane D preaches against smoking.”
“She does,” Tomas says.  “We questioned Diane about the cigarettes she took from those little girls.  She told us she didn’t really smoke the cigarettes.  She told us as soon as she left the hospital building, she tossed the cigarettes right into a trash can that was outside so the little girls won’t be able to find them.”
“Are you sure?  Because in the video, she asked that fellow at the hospital entrance door did he want to go for a smoke.”
“We know she did.  All we can go by is what Diane told us.  She told us she didn’t smoke any of those cigarettes.”
“Okay.   If we purchase the video from you, we’ll leave the cigarette part with the three little girls and Diane D taking their cigarettes out of the video.  We don‘t care to show that.  We don‘t want to upset the little girls’ parents and we don’t want to set a bad example for the viewers.”
“I see,” Barry says.  “Well, we would have to get everybody's permission who's in the video.  Especially we would have to get Dana's permission because she's the one who got hurt.  She and everyone else would have to see the entire video before we can make any decision.”
“Okay no problem, you got it.”  
“If we do give you the video, we’re only going to give you the part of the video that shows Diane and the girls wearing the Quench Soda outfits, not the other parts that shows Dana in the hospital or the girls’ clothing line.  The part of the video that shows the girls’ clothes from their clothing line is for us to advertise ourselves.”
“I have no problem with that.”  Seth takes the DVD out of the DVD Player.  He hands the DVD to Barry and says, “If you get the okay from everybody who appeared in the video, especially Dana, you can bring the edited version of the video right back here to us and we'll pay your family the rights for it.”
“Pay us the rights?”
“Yes.  Allowing us to show it on television.”
“We'll have to talk about it.  I'll call you tomorrow.”
“Okay.  We'll be here.”
“Okay.  Take care gentlemen.”
“You too.”  
Barry and his family turn and head towards the door.  They open the door and leave out of the office as the Quench Soda executives look on at them.

The next day, Gracy is in her living room.  She speaks into the telephone receiver and says, “Hello is this Rodriguez Contractors?”
“Yes, this is Rodriguez Contractors,” a male Hispanic manager says.
“Hello, my name is Gracy Brown.  My husband Mike Brown and myself are the ones who hired you guys to fix our kitchen before, but you guys never got a chance to finish fixing our kitchen because our granddaughter Dana threw you guys out.”
“Yes we're the ones who got thrown out by your granddaughter.  What is the problem now?”
“The problem is that Dana got hurt a couple of days ago painting the ceiling when the ladder she was on top of fell right from under her because my great grandchildren and a friend of theirs ran right into it causing Dana to fall and crash right to the floor.  Dana is in the hospital recuperating right now.  She's gonna be in the hospital for a few more days.  I just want to know, could you guys come back to my house and do the job while she's in the hospital and complete it before she gets out the hospital?”
“My men said they don't want anything to do with your household after the way your granddaughter treated them!”
“I don't blame them, but my granddaughter is not here right now.  She's in the hospital.  While she's in the hospital, you guys can come fix my kitchen real quick and have it done before she comes back home.  When she comes home from the hospital, she won't be able to work on the kitchen anyway because she has to rest and recuperate.  So I need you guys right now.  If you agree to finish my kitchen, I'll pay you more money.”
“Pay us more money?  What about the money that was paid to us already?”
“That's your money, keep it.  I'll pay you more money.  What do you say?”
“Well.  Okay, we'll be there tomorrow morning.”
“Tomorrow morning?  Tomorrow morning is fine.  Thank you.”
“You're welcome. Are you sure your granddaughter won't be there?”
“No she's in the hospital and she won't be back home for another two or three days.”
“Okay.  We'll be there in the morning.”
“Thank you.  See you then.”  Gracy happily hangs up the telephone.

The following day, a black man around his early 30’s and his girlfriend, a black woman around her early 30’s are in the street reading a newspaper with an article that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA FALLS OFF LADDER AT GRANDPARENTS' HOME!  SOUND AND AFTERMATH OF ACCIDENT IS CAPTURED ON VIDEO!  QUENCH PAYS MULTI-MILLION FOR RIGHTS OF VIDEO TO BE SHOWN ON TELEVISION!: “My God,” the woman says.  “Quench Soda company paid Diane D's family millions of dollars for the rights to the video of her cousin Dana's aftermath of her accident!”
“Yeah I saw it,” the man says.  “Quench Soda wants to show the video on national TV.  It says Diane D's family went to the hospital and asked her cousin Dana's permission for Quench Soda to show the video on television.  Dana said no at first because she doesn't want anything to do with being in the public eye.  Diane D's family told Dana that Quench Soda is willing to pay her and her family the rights for the video.  Then it says Dana finally agreed so she and her family can get the money.  It says Dana and the rest of Diane D's family said Quench Soda could show the video on TV as long as there is no nudity in the video.”
“No nudity?”
“Yeah, no nudity.  It also says Diane D’s family edited a lot of parts out of the video before they gave the copy back to Quench Sodas.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“What part of the video did they edit out?”
“I heard they edit out all the parts that didn’t have the Quench Soda outfits and logos in it, like Dana’s hospital stay and the Dianettes’ clothing line.”
“I understand they edited out the part of the video that had Dana’s hospital stay in it because that‘s personal, but did they have to edit out the part of the video that had the Dianettes’ clothing line in it?  I would like to see their clothing line.”
“You’ll get to see the part of the video that has the Dianettes’ clothing line on a separate video that the Diaz-Davidson organization is going to produce.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah, they’re going to have that part of the video separate from the part of the video that has the Quench Soda outfits and logos on it.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow, that’s good.”
“It is.  Boy I can't wait to see both parts of the video on television, even though I wouldn‘t have mind seeing Diane D, her cousin Dana or any of the Dianettes in the nude because they are all hot!  They are some gorgeous chicks!”  
The woman angrily looks at the man and slightly smacks him on the back of his head.  
The man smiles at the woman and says, “And you‘re hot too.”  The woman smiles at the man as she and the man look back at the article and continue to read it.

It is a few days later.  Dana is home at her grandparents’ Gracy and Mike’s house laying in the bedroom face up in the bed sleeping under the blankets with both hands behind her neck one knee up as Diane D, their entire family and relatives, Michael, Tony, Margarita and Tomas surround her looking at her.  “Nice to have her back home,” Diane D says.
“It is,” Tony says.
“Where's her cane?” Uncle Willie asks.
“Oh it's right here Willie,” Christine picks up a dark wooden cane beside Dana's bed and shows it to everybody.
“How long would she have to use that?”
“Until she gets better to move around without it.  That'll be only for a short while.”
“Was she up yet?” Margarita asks.
“Yeah.  She was walking around with it downstairs this afternoon, then she got tired and decided to take a nap.”
“Well I think we should let her get more rest,” Gracy says.  “Let's all go downstairs and let her sleep.”  Gracy and Christine fix Dana's blanket a little as Dana remains asleep.  They all smile at her as they turn and walk towards the door.  They all walk out and close the door behind themselves.

The next day at the organization, Diane D and everyone else is all hostile as they surround Charlotte and Kenny who are arguing with each other.  Margarita angrily steps in and shouts, “What is going on?!”
“Charlotte and Kenny are arguing again Grandma!” Diane D says.
“Charlotte, what is this all about?!”
“I'll tell what's this all about!” Kenny shouts.  “She threw her ring at my face!”
“Okay Charlotte!  Why did you threw your ring at him?!”
“He deserves it thrown at him!” Charlotte shouts.
“Now Charlotte, you can give a better answer than that!  Where's the ring?!”
“Right here,” Kenny says.
“Hand it to me!”
Kenny hands the ring to Margarita.  
Margarita turns to Charlotte and says, “Here Charlotte!  Now I want you to put this ring right back on your finger where it belongs!  Take it!”  Charlotte takes the ring from Margarita.  She then throws the ring right back at Kenny's face!  
Kenny becomes more angry.  He is about to go after Charlotte, but Diane D quickly steps right in his way, blocks him with her arms out and shouts, “You hit my cousin and I swear I'll kick your ass and your front!”
“Diane!” Margarita shouts.  
“Just don‘t hit my cousin!”
“She hit me first!” Kenny shouts.  “I should throw this ring right back in her face!”
“You better not throw that ring at my cousin’s face!”
“I will throw it at her face!”
“Oh yeah?!  Try it motherfucka!”
“Diane please!” Margarita shouts. 
“Just don’t throw that ring at my cousin’s face dammit!” 
“Diane!  Ir al lado!”
“But Grandma!”
“Ir al lado Diane!  Por favor!”
Diane D holds her hands up and goes to the side.  She puts her hands down, turns around and faces back towards Margarita as she places one hand on her hip.
Margarita turns to Kenny and shouts, “And Kenny, no more fighting!”
“Didn't y'all see what Charlotte just did?!” Kenny shouts.  “She threw her ring at me again!”
“I know, I’m gonna deal with Charlotte!  Just bare with me Kenny!”
“Alright then!  I'll just see her when I get home from work tonight that's all!”
“No you won't!” Diane D shouts.  Everyone puzzled looks at Diane D as she walks back towards Kenny and shouts, “You won't be seeing her when you get home from work tonight because she's not gonna be there!”
“What?  What do you mean she’s not gonna be there?!”
“She's gonna stay with me!”  Everybody puzzledly looks at Diane D.
“Stay with you?!” Kenny says.  “What do you mean she's gonna stay with you?!”
“She's gonna stay with me at my Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike's house!”  Diane D turns to Charlotte and says, “And you're gonna stay there with me for a couple of weeks!”
“What?!” Charlotte says.  “For a couple of weeks?!”
“That's right, a couple of weeks, maybe three!  So right now we're gonna go to your place so you can pack your things!”
“Pack my things?!  I'm not gonna pack my things Diane!  I'm not gonna leave Kenny!”
“Yes you are Charlotte!”
“No I'm not, I can't leave Kenny!  We're married now!”
“Charlotte you can leave Kenny for a short while and you will!  You two need another break from each other!  So let's go to your place and pack your bags!”
“But Diane...!”
“No ifs, ands, or buts about it Charlotte!  I mean this fight you and Kenny keep having is too much!  So right now, we're going to your place to pick up your stuff!”
“Diane....!”
“Let's go pack your bags Charlotte!”  Diane D angrily turns Charlotte around and shoves her.  Charlotte frustratingly walks away as Diane D leads her away.  Kenny and Diane D's family puzzled look on at them.  
Kenny tries to go after Charlotte and Diane D, but Diane D's family steps right in his way.  “Can I talk to her for a minute?” Kenny asks.
“You heard,” Tomas says.  “She's not staying with you right now.”
“Alright then fine!  Have it your way!”  Kenny angrily turns around and storms out of the exit door.

Several minutes later, Diane D stands at the doorway of the organization and firmly looks out towards the street with one hand on her hip as Charlotte, Mary, Margarita and Tomas gather themselves behind her and looks out towards the street also.  “Are you sure Kenny's gone Diane?” Mary asks.
“I think so Mom,” Diane D says.  “Let me hurry and call Grandma Gracy and tell her I'm bringing Charlotte over.”
“Okay.”
Diane D takes out her cell phone.  She turns and goes inside of the lobby and dials a number on the cell phone.  She then speaks into her cell phone and says, “Yeah Grandma, it's me Diane.  Listen Grandma, Charlotte and Kenny just got into another fight.”
“Again?” Gracy says.
“Yes again.”
“Oh my God, what did she throw at him this time?”
“Her wedding ring.”
“Her wedding ring?!  Last time it was her shoe!  Before that, she threw a rock!”
“I know.  She's emotionally upset right now.  So I want her to stay with us again for a couple of weeks so I can keep my eye on her.”
“Okay Diane that's fine.  So you want the extra bed back in the room with you and Dana?”
“Yeah.  How's Dana doing by the way?  What's she doing right now?”
“She was downstairs earlier, then she went back upstairs to bed and fell asleep.  Well Nicolas and Mickey can bring the extra bed back down from the attic and put it in the room again.”
“Okay Grandma.  We're getting ready to go to Charlotte and Kenny's place right now so we can pack some things for her then we'll be there later on.”
“Okay Diane.  I'll be here waiting for y'all.”
“Okay, thanks Grandma.  I'll see you later.”
“Okay Diane.”  Gracy hangs up the phone.

Later on that evening, Diane D, Charlotte, Mary and Barry come in the front door of Gracy and Mike’s house with two large suitcases and a small one.  They close the door behind themselves as Diane D looks towards the kitchen and shouts, “Grandma we're here!”
Nicolas and Mickey come down the stairs.  “Hey what's up y'all?” Nicolas says.
“Hey Charlotte,” Mickey says.  Mickey and Nicolas hug and kiss their family.
“Charlotte, Kenny didn't throw a hand on you did he?” Nicolas asks.
“No he didn't,” Charlotte says.
“Did y'all put the extra bed in the room yet?” Mary asks.
“Yeah we just finished,” Mickey says.
“Where's Grandma?” Diane D asks.
“Oh Grandma is putting the sheets and blanket on the bed.  It's all being set.”
“Good.”  Diane D turns to Charlotte and says.  “Come on upstairs Charlotte.”  Diane D grabs Charlotte by the arm and starts to pull Charlotte up the steps.
Charlotte stops Diane D and says, “Diane can't I just call Kenny first?”
“You can call him later.  Right now let's just get you upstairs and get you settled in.  Come on.”  Diane D continues to take Charlotte up the stairs as Mary grabs Charlotte's other arm and walks up the steps too.  Barry, Nicolas and Mickey take the suitcases and follow the women up the stairs.

A few days later, Diane D, Gracy and some other relatives are in the front lawn of Gracy and Mike’s house with their knees on the ground fixing the garden.  Aunt Celeste comes out of the house.  She approaches them all and says, “I'm getting ready to head back home Mom.”
“Okay Celeste,” Gracy says.  “You're gonna stop back by for dinner tonight?”
“Yeah I'll be back.  Why are the contractors still working on the house?  It's been a few days already.  I thought they'd be finished by now.”
“Well your dad didn't like the first paint the contractors used,” Diane D says.  “He said the color was too light and he didn't like the finishing touches they did either, so the contractors are doing the whole thing over and using a much darker paint now.”
“Oh.  I see Dana sitting on the chair right at the kitchen watching the contractors like a hawk.  Why is she doing that?  I wanted to ask her myself, but she seems sort of grumpy.”
“Celeste, you know Dana is always grumpy.  It's nothing new.”
“But why is she watching the contractors?”
“Well actually Dana still wants to do the paint job and work on the kitchen herself.”
“Nooo she still does?”
“Yeah.  She doesn't want those contractors there.  But being that she can't do the job herself right now, she wants to make sure they're doing the job right.”
“I see.  Why does she have string bows on top of her shoulders underneath her tank top?  Diane what did you put underneath Dana's tank top?”
“Don't look at me Aunt Celeste,” Diane D says.  “I didn't put those string bows or anything else underneath Dana’s tank top.  The girls did that.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.  They came over this morning with the corset bra that they had to adjust and put it back on Dana.”
“You mean the first corset bra they brought to the hospital that didn’t fit her?”
“Yeah that corset bra.  They added a little more material to it so that the snaps, hooks and fasteners on the back of it can reach each other then they can be able to snap, hook and fasten the back of it when they put it back on Dana.  They finished the entire thing by yesterday, so they came over here this morning and brought the corset bra.  They put it back on Dana to try and see if it would fit her this time.  They were able to snap, hook and fasten the back of the corset bra on her this time.”
“They were?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s good.  I didn't know the girls came by this morning.  No wonder why I saw six pairs of ballet shoes lined against your dresser Diane.”
“Yeah I almost tripped over those ballet shoes.  I didn't see them at first.”
“You didn‘t?”
“No.”
“Are you okay?”
“I'm fine Aunt Celeste.”
“That’s good.  So how does the newly adjusted corset bra fit Dana now?”
“It fits her pretty good Aunt Celeste.”
“It does?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s good.  But when the corset bra didn‘t fit Dana the first time the girls tried it on her at the hospital, why didn‘t they just give it away to somebody else or sell it?”
“The girls say they like that corset bra.  They said it‘s so pretty, that’s why they wanted to fix it so they can be able to put it back on Dana.  So since this corset bra fits Dana now, the girls now know what size corset bras to make for her in the future.”
“They’re planning to make more corset bras for Dana in the future?”
“Yeah.”
“With string bows, snaps, hooks and fasteners on them?”
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
“I told you all that the girls are crazy about corsets.”
“Are you wearing one of their corset bras on you now Diane?”
“Yeah.  Didn’t I tell you all that the girls were planning to practice their corset fashion techniques on me and Dana?  Didn’t I tell you all that?”
“Yeah you told us that Diane, but since the girls want to practice their fashion techniques on you and Dana, why can’t they just leave those doggone string bows off the corset bras?”
“Because they like the string bows on the corset bras Aunt Celeste so they‘re gonna put it there and probably keep it there.”
“That’s right Celeste,” Gracy says.  “You know once the girls get started on doing something, they don't stop.  Didn‘t you like the corset bra they dropped off for you the other day?”
“Yeah I like it Mom,” Aunt Celeste says.  “I just can’t deal with all the strings and bows attached to them.  Where're the girls at now?”
“Oh they went to Fashion School today,” Diane D says.  “They have classes right now.”
“They do?”
“Yeah.”
“Did Charlotte go to Fashion School too?”
“Yeah, she skipped out of here and followed the rest of the girls right to the school.  I told her don't try and sneak to go see Kenny after Fashion School or else she's gonna have to deal with me.”
“Have to deal with you?!   Nooh Diane you didn't tell her that did you?”
“She sure did,” Gracy says.  “I witnessed it.”
Diane D looks towards the front gate and says, “Well well well, look who's here.”  Everyone else turn and look towards the front gate.  They see Teresa and a taller black female with very short hair around her late 20's coming through the front gate.  
Teresa and the friend approach Diane D and her relatives.  “Hello everyone,” Teresa says.
“Hey Teresa,” everyone says.
Diane D gets up off the ground.  She approaches Teresa as Teresa gives her a hug.  Diane D and Teresa turn and walk towards the other female as Teresa says, “You all remember my cousin Felisha, right?”
“Yeah we remember her,” Diane D says.  “How you doing Felisha?”
“I'm okay, and yourself?” Felisha says.
“I'm doing good.”
“So what's going on?” Teresa asks.
“Oh nothing much. We're just trying to fix up this garden that's all.”
“I see.  How's Dana doing?”
“Oh she's still in a little bit of pain?”
“She is?  She still has the bump on her head?”
“Well most of the bump went away, but she still has a slight fever though.”
“She does? How's her ribs?  Does she still need the cane to help her walk?”
“Yeah her ribs are still in a little pain so she still has to use the cane.”
“Oh.  Well where is she?  Felisha and I want to see her real quick.”
“She's right inside.”
“Yeah we got the contractors painting the kitchen again and Dana's sitting right there keeping an eye on them,” Gracy says.
“Oh really?” Teresa asks.  “Why?”
“She wants to make sure they're doing a good job.”
“Why did the contractors come back?”
“Because Grandpa and I wanted the kitchen finished so I called the contractors back to do the job real quick before Dana gets out the hospital.  Unfortunately Grandpa didn't like the paint job that's why the contractors came back.  So if you two want to see Dana, just go ring the bell.”
“Okay.”  Teresa turns to Felisha and says, “Well, I guess we better go ring the bell.”  Teresa turns back to Diane D and says, “We'll be back Diane.”
“Okay Teresa,” Diane D says.
Teresa and Felisha turn and walk towards the front door.  

Teresa and Felisha approach the front door.  They suddenly hear a loud bang coming from inside the house.   They suddenly hear Dana’s voice shout, “Can't y'all fix the kitchen right goddammit!” 
“We're trying to Miss!” the contractor’s voice shout.
“No you're not!  You're fucking up my grandparents' kitchen!”  
Teresa and Felisha nervously look at each other.  They nervously turn their heads and look towards Diane D.  They turn their heads and look back at the door.  They look back at each other as Felisha says, “Teresa, maybe we shouldn't bother Dana right now.  I‘m not feeling her mood swings, especially with all that profanity she just used.”
“I know,” Teresa says, “but it's too late now Felisha.  If we turn around and leave, Diane and her family are gonna ask us why didn't we ring the doorbell.”
“And?  Why can’t we just tell Diane and her family the truth?  I‘m sure they‘ll understand.”
“Yeah, you’re right.  Let’s just ring the doorbell one time.  If the door don‘t open, then we‘ll just leave.”
“Okay.”  
Teresa nervously rings the doorbell.  She and Felisha nervously look at each other again.  They hear someone behind the door opening the door.  They see the door open halfway.  They see Dana's angry face and right shoulder peak out as she looks at Teresa and Felisha.  “Hey Dana,” Teresa nervously says.  Dana opens the door a little more.  She turns and walks away from the door with a limp, wearing a mint green tank top bearing her muscular arms with string bows on top of both shoulders underneath the shoulder straps of her tank top and dark green leggings, using a cane as she limps.  Teresa nervously goes inside the front door, followed by Felisha.

Dana slightly limps through the living room, walking with the cane.  She stops and turns her head back towards Teresa and Felisha and firmly says, “Close the door behind you.”  Felisha closes the door behind herself.  Dana turns her head back forward and continues to limp with the cane towards the kitchen.
Teresa and Felisha slowly walk into the living room.  Teresa then says to Dana, “So how you feel Dana?  Are you alright?”
“I'm okay,” Dana says.
“Good.  You remember my cousin Felisha, right?”
“Yeah.  Just have a seat.”
“Okay.”  Teresa and Felisha sit down on the sofa as Dana goes near the kitchen entry way and sits down on a chair there.  Teresa and Felisha look and see the three contractors painting inside the kitchen.  Teresa and Felisha then look at Dana and see her holding one foot on top of her opposite knee as she leans forward looking at and rubbing her toe nails.  Suddenly there's a drop sound coming from the kitchen.  Dana turns her head and looks into the kitchen.  She rests her elbow on top of her foot and knee and frustratingly looks at the contractors.  The contractors pick up the object that fell.  Dana continues to watch the contractors.

Inside the kitchen, the three male Hispanic contractors look at Dana, then look at each other.  They start to work again.

Dana continues to sit in the living room at the kitchen entry way watching the contractors as her elbow remain on her foot and knee.  She then turns her head forward and angrily gets up off the chair.  She turns and limps away from the chair with the cane and heads towards the staircase.  She turns her head to Teresa and says, “I'll be back Teresa.  I'm gonna change my clothes.”  Dana turns her head back forward.
“Okay,” Teresa says.  “You need any help?”
“No.”  Dana starts to limp up the stairs with the cane as Teresa and Felisha watch her.  They see Dana disappear into the upstairs hallway.  They then hear one of the doors upstairs bang shut.  Teresa and Felisha look up towards the staircase.  They then look at each other as they continue to wait in the living room.  

Around several minutes later, Teresa and Felisha hear one of the doors upstairs opening.  They then see Dana limping back downstairs with the cane, wearing different clothes which is a dark brown corduroy pants, a dark brown shirt and a matching short dark brown corduroy jacket.  Dana heads to a wall unit and rests her cane on the side.  She spreads her legs apart and tiptoes, reaching both her hands for the top drawer.  She pulls the drawer open and grabs a set of keys.  She closes the drawer back.  She grabs some tissues out of the tissue box.  She looks into the mirror and starts to wipe her face and mouth as she pokes her mouth from one side to the other.  She finishes and grabs her cane.  She turns to Teresa and Felisha and says, “Let's go out to the front.”  Dana limps towards the front door with the cane as Teresa and Felisha get up off the sofa.  Teresa and Felisha follow Dana to the front door.  Dana opens the front door and walks out of it as Teresa and Felisha follow out behind her.

Dana, Teresa and Felisha are outside the front door with the front door slightly open as Teresa and Felisha stand behind Dana.  Dana turns her head towards Teresa and Felisha and firmly says, “Close the door please.”  Felisha turns around and pulls the front door close behind her, but it doesn't shut.  It opens back up a little.  She pulls on the door handle and tries to close the door again, but the door still doesn't shut all the way.  It slightly opens back up.  She tries a third time.  The door still does not shut all the way.  Teresa pulls on the door knob and tries to close the door.  The door still does not stay shut.  Suddenly, Dana points her cane handle towards the door knob, raises the cane and slams the handle of her cane right down on the doorknob!   She pulls the doorknob with her cane handle with force and slams the front door shut!  Dana removes the cane from off the door knob as the door remains shut.  Dana angrily turns forward and looks down as she goes down the steps.  Teresa and Felisha puzzled look at Dana, then at each other.  Teresa and Felisha turn their heads forward and come down the steps.  Dana limps towards Gracy as Teresa and Felisha slowly follow behind her.  
Dana approaches Gracy who is still down on her knees and alone at the garden.  She says to Gracy, “I'm gonna drive to the store Grandma.”  She turns to Teresa and Felisha and says, “Y'all can stay here.  I'll be back.”
“What?” Gracy says.  “No you can't go to the store now Dana.  You still have to get some rest and recuperate.”
“I'm alright.  Where's Diane and everybody else?”
“They all went to the back yard to fix the garden back there.”
“Well tell them I'll be back.”
“No don't go to the store Dana!  You still got a fever!  Whatever you need from the store, we'll get it!”
“No that's okay Grandma.  I just need to get some air that's all.  I'll be back.”  Dana goes pass Gracy and limps away.
Gracy looks at Dana and shouts, “Well what about Teresa and Felisha?!  They came here to see you, you know!  You're just gonna walk away from them and leave them like that?!”
Dana turns her head towards Gracy and shouts, “Just send them in the back to Diane!  I'll be back!”  Dana turns her head back forward and continues to limp away.  She limps out the gate then limps right to her dark blue car as Gracy, Teresa and Felisha all watch her.  They see Dana get into her car, start up the engine and speed off.




























Chapter 21

The Sniper Shooting!


A couple hours later, a lone white female police officer around her late 30's with dirty blonde hair sits behind the wheel in a patrol car talking into the police radio.  She suddenly hears two gun shots way in the distance.  She becomes startled and looks up out the window.  She sees a dark blue car way in the distance speeding and screeching its tires down the street then making a quick illegal turn and speeding in another direction then disappearing!  She speaks into the police radio and shouts, “That vehicle was just speeding down the street after I heard a couple of gunshots and made an illegal turn!  I'm gonna go after it, roger!”  The female officer puts on her siren and speeds her patrol car down the street!  She goes after the speeding vehicle!   

A couple of minutes later, the police car catches up to the speeding vehicle and drives behind it.  The female police officer yells into the speaker and shout, “Pull over to the right!”
The dark blue car does not stop.  It continues to drive.  
The female officer yells into the speaker again shouting, “Pull over to the right!”
The dark blue car continues to drive.  
The officer yells into the speaker again shouting, “I said pull to the right!”
The dark blue car makes a quick turn.
The police car makes a turn and follows the dark blue car.  The female officer yells into the speaker again shouting, “Pull to the right now!” 
The dark blue car continues to drive.  It makes another turn.  
The police car makes another turn and continues to follow the dark blue car.  The officer yells into the speaker again shouting, “Pull over to the right!”
The dark blue car makes another turn.  The police car makes another turn and goes after the dark blue car as the female officer shouts, “Are you hard of hearing?!  I said pull to the right!”
The dark blue car makes another turn.

The dark blue car goes into an isolated area.  
The police car continues to follow the dark blue car.  
The dark blue car finally pulls to the right and stops.  The police car pulls up fifteen feet behind the dark blue car and stops.  
The female officer puzzled looks at the dark blue car.  She then looks out the window at the area.  She looks back at the dark blue car.  She starts to think out loud and says, “Why the hell did this driver stop in this isolated area?”  The officer gets out of her patrol car.  
The officer closes the car door and looks around the area.  She sees that the area is totally isolated.  She looks at the dark blue car again.  She walks towards the dark blue car.  
The dark blue car suddenly makes a turn and goes to the side and stops as the female officer quickly approaches it.  The female officer approaches the driver's door.  She looks into the car.  She sees Dana in the driver’s seat.  She asks, “Miss?  Why did you move your car over here?  Can I see your license?”
“I don't have my license on me,” Dana says.
“What do you mean you don't have your license on you?  Where is it?”
“I left it home.”
“You left it home?  Why?  You know you're suppose to have your license on you whenever you drive.  Why were you speeding before and why didn't you pull over immediately when I yelled for you to pull over?”
“I didn't hear you.”
“You didn’t hear me?”
“No.”
“Oh don't give me that!  I don't buy it!  I heard two gun shots just before I saw your car speeding down the street away from the sound of the gunshots!  Why were you speeding away after I heard the two gun shots and why did you make an illegal turn?  Were you running from something?”
“No I wasn't.”
“It looked like you were!  You seem very suspicious about something!  I'm gonna have to ask you to step out the car!”
Dana looks forward and does not move.
“You must be hard of hearing!” the female officer shouts.  “I said step out the car!”
Dana slowly opens the car door.  She gets up and limps out of the vehicle with her cane as she painfully holds her left rib.  
The female officer puzzled looks at Dana.  She starts to recognize Dana and shouts, “Hey!  I know you from somewhere!  You're Diane D's cousin Dana, aren't you?”
Dana puzzled looks at the officer.
“You're the one who beat up that newspaper reporter outside a catering hall and chased him down the highway, shooting at his vehicle three times, then you beat up those other two female police officers!”  The female officer becomes frightened.  She quickly pulls out her gun and points the gun right at Dana.  
Dana puzzled looks at the gun then at the officer.
The female officer continues to point her gun at Dana and says, “I'm gonna have to search your vehicle and see if you have any weapons in there, then I'll have to search you, but before I search you, I'm gonna call for back up because I don't trust you.  You're not gonna do to me what you did to those other two female officers!  Step to the side!”
Dana looks at the officer.  She then limps to the side with her cane as she continues to hold her left rib.  The officer looks into Dana's vehicle as she keeps the gun pointed at Dana.  She then looks at Dana and says, “Well I don't see anything suspicious in there yet.  I'm gonna have to search your trunk.  Take your keys and open the trunk.”
Dana limps to the car.  She leans inside her car and slowly takes the keys out of the ignition.  She leans back out the car and limps to the trunk of the car with her cane.  She unlocks the car trunk and opens it.
“Okay step to the side while I look in the trunk,” the officer says.
Dana limps to the side.  
The officer looks into the trunk as she keeps the gun pointed at Dana.  She closes the trunk.  She says to Dana, “Well I don't see anything suspicious in there.  I'm gonna call for back up.  When the back up gets here, then I'll have to search and frisk you.  Turn around and put your hands up against the car until the back up comes!”
“Why?  I don't have any weapons on me.”
“I'll be the judge of that!  Turn around and put your hands up against the car for when I search you later!”
“Officer, you can search my vehicle, but you cannot search me.”
“I'm not gonna search you, yet!  I'm gonna call for back up first and wait for them to arrive, then I'll frisk you!”
“You're not gonna frisk me.”
“Why not?  You have something to hide?”
“No I don't.”
“Well if you have nothing to hide, there shouldn't be a problem with me frisking you when the back up arrives!”
“I don't care when the back up arrives.  Don't put your hands on me.”
“You don't seem to want to co-operate with me.  You might as well just co-operate with me because I am going to call for back up!  So you might as well just turn around and put your hands up against the car while I call for back up!  Turn around and put your hands up against the car, now!”
Dana limps as she slowly turns around.  She is about to put her hands up against the car.  Suddenly she trips over her feet and falls to the ground.  The officer looks down at Dana and panics!  “Oh my God,” she says.  “Are you alright Miss?   Are you okay?”
Dana holds her side in pain as she lays on the ground.
“Don't worry!” the officer shouts.  “I'll help you up!”  The officer tucks her gun away.  She then bends down to help Dana.  She reaches her arms and hands down to Dana.  Suddenly, the officer is kicked hard in the stomach!  The officer screams and holds her stomach in pain!  She is then whacked hard across the side of her head with the cane!  The officer screams again and holds her head in pain!  She is whacked hard across the other side of her head with the cane with such great force as the cane breaks in two!  The officer screams again and is suddenly kicked hard in her private area!  The officer screams again and holds her private area as Dana quickly gets up off the ground!  Dana starts attacking the officer!   She throws several hard loud blows to the officer's face and head.  Blood starts to splatter!  Dana then throws her fist and gives the officer an uppercut throw to the jaw!  Suddenly Dana jumps and quickly spins her entire body around kung fu kicking the officer's legs right from under her!  The officer falls to the ground!  Dana grabs the officer's head and bangs her head four times against the ground real hard!  Dana then throws the officer's head to the ground then bends back up as the officer's body bounces off the ground.  Dana angrily turns away from the officer as the officer lays motionless.  She picks up the two pieces of the broken cane.  She limps back to her car.  She opens the back door and puts the two pieces of the broken cane inside a plastic bag.  She closes the back door and gets back into the driver's seat.  She closes the driver’s door, starts up the engine!  She then drives her car behind the police vehicle and speeds off!  Her car tires screech as she speeds away into the distance leaving the female officer motionless on the ground!

The next day, Diane D, her family, relatives and everyone else at the organization are reading a few newspapers with different headlines that read: NEWSPAPER REPORTER FELIX GREEN HAS BEEN SHOT BY A HIGH POWERED RIFLE!  “Oh my God!” Nicolas shouts.  “Felix Green has been shot!  Grandma, Grandpa did y’all see this?!”
“I saw it!” Margarita shouts, “but I don't believe it!” 
“Well believe it!” Tomas says.  “It says that Felix Green was shot by a high powered rifle!  This time, the bullet didn't miss him!  It actually struck him!”
“My God!” Barry shouts.  “Does it say who shot him?!” 
“No!” Nicolas shouts.  “No one knows!  It just says that Felix Green and some other newspaper employees were leaving the building of their newspaper firm.  As they were walking to their cars, that's when they heard two gun shots!  They all ducked down and didn't know where the shots were coming from!  Then they didn't hear anymore shots!  When they looked, that's when they noticed Felix Green laying on the ground bleeding real heavy around his side and stomach area!  They realized he had been shot!”
“Oh Lord!” everyone says.
“They have him in the hospital in critical condition!  The doctors aren't sure if he's gonna make it!”
“Did the police catch anybody?!” Michael asks.
“No!  They don't have any suspects yet?”
“Do they know who would want to shoot or kill Felix Green?” Tomas asks.
“They don't have any idea who would want to shoot him Grandpa nor do they know the motive for it yet!  And did you all see this article too?”  Nicolas, Diane D, their family and relatives and everyone at the organization see another newspaper with a headline that reads: FEMALE POLICE OFFICER BEATEN AND LEFT FOR DEAD YESTERDAY!:  PASSERBY SPOTS FEMALE POLICE OFFICER LAYING ON THE SIDE OF ISOLATED ROAD NEAR HER PATROL CAR!:  FEMALE POLICE OFFICER LAYS UNCONSIOUS IN THE HOSPITAL, SUFFERING MAJOR BLOWS TO THE HEAD AND OTHER PARTS OF HER BODY FROM AN UNKNOWN ATTACKER!:  Diane D’s family and the people at the organization are in disbelief.  “Another female police officer was beat up an left for dead!” Nicolas says.
“My God!” Margarita shouts.  “That is horrible!”
“Both of these incidents with this female police officer and Felix Green happened yesterday?” Diane D asks.
“Yep,” Nicolas says.  “They both happened yesterday.  Almost around the same time.”  Everyone continues to look at the article.

Several people in the street are reading the different headlines that read: NEWSPAPER REPORTER FELIX GREEN HAS BEEN SHOT BY A HIGH POWERED RIFLE!  FEMALE POLICE OFFICER LEFT FOR DEAD!:  PASSERBY SPOTS FEMALE POLICE OFFICER LAYING ON THE SIDE OF ISOLATED ROAD NEAR HER PATROL CAR!:  FEMALE POLICE OFFICER LAYS UNCONSIOUS IN THE HOSPITAL, SUFFERING MAJOR BLOWS TO THE HEAD AND OTHER PARTS OF HER BODY FROM AN UNKNOWN ATTACKER!:  “Wow,” one of the men says.  “That newspaper reporter Felix Green was shot!  This article says he was shot with a high powered rifle!  And this article says another female police officer was beaten up an left for dead!  It says passerby spots female police officer laying on the side of isolated road near her patrol car. And now she's laying unconscious in the hospital suffering major blows to the head and other parts of her body from an unknown attacker.  Who the hell would shoot a newspaper reporter and who the hell would want to hurt a police officer, especially a female officer?”
“I guess the same kind of person who shot at that newspaper reporter Felix Green before when they chased him on the highway and the same kind of person who had hurt the first two female officers that were beat up and left for dead,” a second man says.
“The woman is laying unconscious in the hospital.  The police aren't able to get a statement from her until she comes out of her coma, if she ever comes out of it.  What was her patrol car doing in an isolated area anyway?”
“I know.  That is strange.”
“And this other article says the doctors don't know if that reporter Felix Green is gonna survive this shooting.”
“Oh no,” one of the women says.  “Both of those incidents with this female police officer and Felix Green happened yesterday?”
“Yeah they both happened yesterday around the same time, just like the first time that reporter Felix Green was shot at and the first two female officers were beat up.  Both of those incidents happened on the same evening around the same time.  That's a strange coincidence.”
“It is,” the second man says.  “You think there might be some kind of connection there?”
“I wonder, just like it was a connection before with the first incidents which Diane D's cousin Dana was behind.  I wonder if she's behind these two recent incidents also.”
“I wonder that too.”  The people continue to look at the headline and article.

The next day, men in the street are reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA GETS ARRESTED AND QUESTIONED FOR THE SHOOTING OF NEWSPAPER REPORTER FELIX GREEN!  “My God,” one of the men says.  “It says Diane D's cousin Dana got arrested and questioned for the shooting of that newspaper reporter Felix Green.  The police questioned her for five hours.  Then the police had to let her go for lack of evidence.”
“They couldn't find any evidence against her?” the second man asks.
“No, according to this article.  She claimed she had nothing to do with the shooting of Felix Green.”
“Wow.”  The men continue to read the article.

It is one week later. Diane D's family and relatives are at the organization reading another headline in the newspaper that reads:  FEMALE POLICE OFFICER COMES OUT OF COMA AFTER SPENDING SIX DAYS.  Nicolas says, “Did y'all read the article about the female police officer who was in the coma since last week?”
“Yeah,” Margarita says.  “I read she just came out of the coma after being in it for six days.”
“She did.  The doctors said this woman was near death!  They said she suffered a fractured skull a busted ear drum, permanent vision impairment a broken jaw a broken arm and suffers from other injuries!”
“Yeah I read that too,” Barry says.  “They said she lost some permanent hearing in her ear!”
“That's terrible,” Margarita says.
“It says her family never really wanted her to be a police officer, because they felt the job is too dangerous,” Nicolas says.
“It is a dangerous job,” Barry says. “Did this woman identify her attacker yet?”
“No not yet.  The police are having a hard time communicating with her, being that she lost some of her hearing.”  Barry sadly looks at Nicolas.

The next day at the organization, Diane D is walking holding a cup of coffee in one hand and a newsletter in the other hand as she looks at the newsletter.  She takes a sip of coffee.  Kory approaches Diane D as he holds a newspaper.  Diane D stops and looks at Kory as he says to her, “Boy Diane.  You sure can't keep your name out of the headlines, can't you?”
“Keep my name out of the headlines?” Diane D asks.  “What the hell are you talking about Kory?”
“Read this!”  Kory shows Diane D the newspaper and points to a headline.
Diane D looks at the headline that reads: FEMALE POLICE OFFICER IDENTIFIES DIANE D'S COUSIN AS HER ATTACKER!  Diane D becomes hysterical and shouts, “What!  What the hell is this?!  What do they mean this woman identifies my cousin as her attacker?!”
“This female officer is saying the same cousin of yours who beat up the other two female police officers beat her up!  I'm sure we all know which cousin of yours this officer is talking about!”  
Diane D angrily looks at Kory.  
“Yeah Diane!  It says right here that this officer identified the same cousin of yours who was arrested with you on the drunk driving and weapons possession charges!”
“Oh my God!  Does my family know about this?!”
“Yeah, they all know about it!  They're all downstairs reading the article in another newspaper right now!  They're very shocked and devastated by this!  They're shocked to find out that your cousin Dana was this woman's attacker too and left her for dead also!”  Kory and Diane D suddenly hear a lot of noise approaching them.  Diane D and Kory turn their heads to look.  They see Diane D's entire family, relatives and other people in the organization hysterically hurrying to them!  
Diane D's family, relatives and other people approach Diane D and Kory as Mary asks, “Diane did you see the paper yet?!” 
“Yeah,” Diane D says. “Kory just showed it to me.”
“My God!  We got to call up Christine and David!”
“They're not gonna be happy to hear about this Mom.”
“I know, but we got to tell them!  We can't keep it from them!”
“They said the time and date this attack happened, which was last Sunday!” Barry shouts.  He then turns to Gracy and says, “Ma, wasn't Dana home with you that whole day?”
“No,” Gracy says.  “That's the day she had went out to the store and came back later!”
“Oh no!” everyone shouts.
“What time did she leave to go to the store that day?” Barry asks.  “How long was she gone for?”
“She walked out the house and got into her car around two o'clock last Sunday afternoon while we were fixing the garden!” Gracy shouts.  “It was around five o'clock when she came back home, so she was gone for around a few hours!”
“And it says right here, this female officer stated that the attack on her happened around three or four o'clock on that same day, the time while Dana was gone from the house!”
“Ma,” Aunt Celeste says.  “Did Dana say anything or doing anything strange when she came back home that day?  How was she behaving?”
“She was behaving the way she always behave,” Gracy says.  “Mean and grumpy!”
“What about her cane?” Barry asks.  “Did Dana have the cane when she came back home?”
“Yeah she had the cane when she came back home.  She was still using it.”
“Yeah I saw her with the cane too when she came back home,” Uncle Willie says.
“I know Charlotte and I saw Dana with the cane that Sunday night in the bedroom,” Diane D says.  “I know when Dana went to bed that night, Charlotte and I saw her put the cane right on the side of the night stand then she fell asleep.”
“Is that the same cane she left the house with earlier that day?” Barry asks.  “Because this female officer stated right here that Dana whacked her across the head with the cane twice!  And when Dana whacked her across the head the second time, she said Dana whacked her so hard that the cane broke in two!”  Everyone shockingly looks at Barry.  He then says, “She said she felt and saw the cane break in two, then Dana started beating her all in the face and head just before she blacked out!  Now if you all saw Dana come back home with the cane, then it can't be the same cane she left out the house with!  I don’t think anybody can take two broken pieces of a cane and make it whole again!”
“They sure can’t,” Margarita says.  “Obviously she must have hurried somewhere and purchased the exact same kind of cane so nobody could notice the difference!”
“Well I think Charlotte noticed the difference that night,” Diane D says.
Everyone looks at Diane D stunned as Margarita asks, “Charlotte noticed the difference that night?  What do you mean she noticed the difference?”
“Well after Dana fell asleep that night, Charlotte and I still kept the light on.  We stayed up all night talking.  Later on while Dana was tossing in her sleep, the blanket fell off her on the floor so Charlotte went to fix the blanket and put it back on Dana.  While Charlotte was fixing the blanket, she noticed the cane, then she asked me how many canes does Dana have.”
“How many canes does Dana have?” Mary says.  “Why did she asked that?”
“I asked Charlotte why did she asked me that.  She told me because she thinks it's a different cane.”
“What?” everyone says.
“I told her no it's not a different cane, why would it be a different cane.  She said she notice two scratch marks that was on the cane before weren't there anymore and the bottom of the cane looked a little different.”
“What?”
“I told Charlotte she's just imagining things that it IS the same cane.  Then I asked her what's the big deal if the two small scratch marks disappeared.  They probably just faded away.  She told me she guess I'm right.  Then Charlotte and I went to bed and never thought anything else about the cane.  Then we both fell asleep.”
“Oh my God,” Gracy says.
“Diane, did Dana say anything to you about this incident?” Mary asks.
“No,” Diane D says.  “She never said a word to me about it.  Just like she never said a word to me about the rifles she hid inside the trunk or about chasing Felix Green down the highway shooting at him three times, nor did she say anything about beating up the first two female police officers.”
“You know Dana,” Barry says.  “When she does stuff like this, she is very secretive about it.”
“I know,” Mary says.   Mary turns to Gracy and asks, “Ma, is Dana home now?”
“Yeah,” Gracy says.  “She's home with Grandpa and the rest of them.”
“Well I think we all better hurry and get there.  Now that the police know about this, they're gonna be at the house any minute to pick up and arrest her.”
“Yeah that's true,” Barry says.  “Let's go.”  Barry and the rest of them all turn around and hurry towards the staircase.

The female police officer is in the doctor’s office with her husband, a white male around his early 40's.  The female officer’s eyes and face are still swollen and bruised.  She has a white bandage wrapped around her head and her arm in a cast and sling as her husband speaks to a doctor, a stocky male white around his late 50's.  “Will she ever get the hearing in her ear back Doctor?” the female officer’s husband asks.
“I'm afraid not,” the doctor says.  “There's permanent damage to that inner ear.  I don't think she'll ever hear out of that ear again.”  The woman starts to cry on her husband's shoulder.  “I'm sorry,” the doctor says.  “I wish I could tell you otherwise, but I would be lying if I did.  You say the other doctors told you the exact same thing, right?”
“Yeah they did,” the husband cries.  “They also told us some of her vision might be permanently damage, because she almost lost her eye from this attack!  She's seeing double vision all the time!”
“I know.  That's terrible.”
“It is!  See Doctor, I never really wanted my wife to be a police officer, neither did her parents, because we all know how stressful and dangerous the job can be, but she wanted to become an officer!  So her parents and I supported her anyway!  Now this happens!”
“Yeah, I know.  When is her trial case?”
“The trial is in two days!  We were hoping she would get some of her hearing back in that ear by the time the trial comes!  We were afraid she won't be able to hear or answer any of the questions when she gets on the witness stand and testifies against her attacker!”
“Her attacker is the one who's related to Diane D, right?”
“Yeah! The attacker is Diane D's cousin Dana!”
“My God.  Is she still in jail?”
“No!  Her grandparents bailed her out yesterday!”
“She came out?”
“Yeah!  I hear that woman's grandparents are always bailing her out of trouble!”
“Yeah I think I read something like that in the paper too.  I hear her grandparents are very wealthy.  I hear that her grandfather was born rich.  I hear that he is an heir to some fortune worth multimillions of dollars that was started and left from his white paternal grandfather.”
“I heard that also.  Well obviously most of their fortune is all going towards constantly getting their granddaughter Dana out of trouble!”
“Obviously it is.  They should use that fortune to keep her in a mental institution because she is crazy.”
“She is!”
“Well I hope everything goes well for you guys at the trial.”
“I hope so too.  Well thanks anyway doctor.”
“You're welcome.  I wish I could do more.”
“You did your best.  Thanks.”
“Take care.”
“You too.”
The woman limps away as she and her husband sadly leave out of the doctor's office.

The woman and her husband are walking on the sidewalk.  They approach a parked car as she cries and weeps on her husband’s shoulder.  Her husband unlocks the passenger door and opens it.  The woman gets inside the car.  Her husband closes the door behind her.  He walks in the street around to the driver's side.  He starts up the engine and is about to pull off.  A stray bullet suddenly hits the passenger side of the car!  The passenger window and the windshield window both shatter into pieces and fall onto the woman as the woman screams and keel over to her husband.  The husband becomes frightened and screams!  He quickly speeds off into the distance!

Around an hour later at the hospital, the woman's husband is all hysterical as several police officers surround him!  “Someone just shot at our car!” the female officer’s husband shouts. 
“Do know where the bullet came from?!” a male white police officer shouts. 
“No, I have no idea!  All I know is that our car was parked right near a big park and trees!”
“You say the bullet entered your car through the passenger window?!”
“Yes!”
“Did the passenger side of the car face the park?”
“Yes it did!  If you came out the passenger side of the car, you would have been facing the park!”
“You know who would want to target you or your wife?”
“No!  Obviously somebody that doesn't want us to appear in trial the day after tomorrow!  Whoever did this don't want my wife to appear in court!  She was left for dead when she was attacked!  And now I think whoever left her for dead wants to finish the job!”
“Well we have police and detectives over the area your car was parked at right now.”
A white male doctor approaches the husband.  The husband looks at the doctor and asks, “How's my wife doctor?!”
“She's alright right now,” the doctor says.  “She suffered a lot of cuts and bruises from the broken glass, but the bullet didn't hit her.”
“Thank God for that!”
“Are her parents or other family members coming here?”
“Yeah, her parents are on their way over here.  They're bringing our two kids.”
“Okay.  You can go up and see her now.”
“Thanks.”
“You're welcome.”  The husband hurries away with the officers.

The next morning, two people in the street read several newspaper articles with headlines the read: FEMALE POLICE OFFICER GETS SKINNED BY STRAY BULLET FROM A HIGH POWERED RIFLE AS SHE IS ABOUT TO TAKE OFF IN CAR WITH HUSBAND: - FEMALE POLICE OFFICER GETS SKINNED BY STRAY BULLET FROM A HIGH POWERED RIFLE THE DAY AFTER DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA IS BAILED OUT OF JAIL: - FEMALE POLICE OFFICER GETS SKINNED BY STRAY BULLET FROM A HIGH POWERED RIFLE TWO DAYS BEFORE THE TRIAL OF DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA:

Diane D's uncle Willie sits in the subway.  He looks around and sees four different adult passengers reading different newspapers.  He suddenly spots the front page headline on one of the paper that reads: FEMALE POLICE OFFICER GETS SKINNED BY STRAY BULLET FROM A HIGH POWERED RIFLE THE DAY AFTER DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA IS BAILED OUT OF JAIL: Uncle Willie starts to panic.  He looks at the front page headline of the other passenger's paper that reads:  POLICE FEAR DIANE D'S COUSIN IS ON THE ATTACK AGAIN!: - Uncle Willie panics again!  He looks at the front page headline of the other passenger's paper that reads:  POLICE PREPARE TO QUESTION DIANE D'S COUSIN: He looks at the front page headline of the other passenger's paper that reads:  POLICE FEAR DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA MAY HAVE STOLEN ANOTHER RIFLE: Uncle Willie jumps out of his seat!  He rushes to the exit doors!  He impatiently waits for the train to stop!  The train finally stops.  The exit doors open.  Uncle Willie dashes out the subway car!

An hour later, Diane D's family and relatives are all hysterical as they follow Uncle Willie to his bedroom closet!  “I hurried here as soon as I spotted those headlines on those passengers' newspapers who were reading them on the subway!” Uncle Willie shouts as he hysterically unlocks the combination.
“Hurry Willie!” Barry shouts.
“I am!   I hope these rifles are still here!”
“Yeah we all hope so!” Gracy says.
Uncle Willie finally unlocks the combination and opens the door.  They all look inside.  They see both of his rifles inside the closet.  They all become relieved.  “My God,” Mary says.  “That was a scare.  Good thing these rifles are still in here!”
“Unless someone could have stolen them and put them back,” Barry says.
“Let's hope not because nobody knows the new combination to this lock but me!” Uncle Willie says.
“That's good.  So far this is good news.”
“It is.”  Uncle Willie closes his closet door and locks it.  He turns to everybody.  They all give a sigh of relief.  Uncle Willie then says, “Come on everybody.  Let's get back downstairs.”  They all turn and walk towards the door, talking and breathing a sigh of relief.

The next day, a man and woman in the street are reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA GETS ARRESTED FOR BEING SUSPECTED OF BEING BEHIND STRAY BULLET ATTACK ON FEMALE OFFICER!  FEMALE POLICE OFFICER'S TRIAL DATE CANCELED AND POSTPONED, DUE TO HER ALMOST GETTING HIT WITH STRAY BULLET!  “This article says Diane D's cousin Dana got arrested yesterday!” the man says.  “The police arrested Dana and questioned her for five hours about the stray bullet on that female officer!  She claimed she had nothing to do with the incident!  Then it says the police couldn't find any possible evidence against her in either case, so they let her go!”
“What!” the woman says.  “They let her back out on the streets again?”
“Yeah, according to this article.  They're also postponing her trial for another three weeks.”  The man and woman look at each other.  They then look at the article again.

At the organization the next day, Diane D, her family, relatives and Michael read a newspaper with a headline that reads: NEWSPAPER REPORTER FELIX GREEN'S CONDITION IMPROVES!  DOCTOR'S SAY HE'LL SURVIVE SHOOTING BUT MAY SUFFER PERMANENT DAMAGE TO HIS INSIDE ORGANS!  “Oh wow,” Nicolas says.  “This article says that Felix Green is making a pretty good recovery from the shooting!”
“Oh thank God for that,” Diane D’s family say.
“But may suffer permanent damage to his inside organs!”
“Oh no!”
“Nicolas, does that article say what permanent damages Felix Green is suffering?” Margarita asks.
“Well he's gonna have to wear a catheter and a waste bag on his side for the rest of his life!” Nicolas says.
“What!” Diane D’s family shout.  “A catheter and a waste bag?!”
“Yeah!  A waste bag to collect his waste!  They said his insides and intestines were so damaged from that shooting that he's not gonna be able to go to the bathroom the normal way anymore!”
“Not go to the bathroom the normal way?!” Mary shouts. 
“Oh my God!” Margarita shouts.
“Whenever Felix Green recovers, he's not gonna be able to work anymore!” Nicolas shouts.  “He's gonna have to be on permanent disability, just like those three female police officers!”
“Permanent disability?!”
“Yeah!”
“Sorry to hear he might have to be on permanent disability, but thank God he's still alive!  The most important thing is, the doctors saved his life!”
“What’s so good about the doctors saving his life Grandma?!”
“What’s so good about it?”  
“What do you mean ‘what’s so good about it’ Nicolas?!” Barry asks.
“It's not gonna make a difference that the doctors saved Felix Green’s life if he's thinking about killing himself?” Nicolas shouts.
“What!” the family and relatives shout.  “Killing himself?!”
“Yeah!  It says right here that Felix Green is so upset about his condition that he's thinking suicide!”
“Suicide?!” Margarita shouts.  “Oh no!”
“He's on a suicide watch!   He doesn't want to live with that condition and I don't blame him!”  Nicolas and the rest of the family look at each other stunned.

It is three weeks later.  Diane D’s family and relatives are inside the courtroom looking on anxiously as Diane D, Michael and Tony come down the aisle then turn and walk inside the rows to take a seat.
Prosecutor Jacob Blair is outside the courtroom in the hallway yelling at David and Christine shouting, “This is the third female police officer your daughter Dana beat up and attacked!  What is her problem?!  She seems to be having a field day on female police officers!  First she caused Officer Janice Cooper to lose her unborn child!  Second, she injured Officer Janice Cooper so bad that Officer Janice Cooper might not ever be able to have any children at all in the future!  Third, she literally threw Officer Liz Martinez right into harm’s way of a live bullet that was meant for her, using Officer Liz Martinez as a human shield, causing her to get shot in the spine making her crippled for life!  Number four, she broke this last female officer's jaw and caused her to have permanent hearing loss in one ear and some permanent vision impairment!  All three of these female officers wind up having to leave the police force!  They all became so devastated by what happened to them!  Now they all have to get permanent disability because of the permanent injuries they sustained while on the job, they can't even work anymore, all because of your daughter Dana!  She attacked police officers when two of her sisters were fighting inside that church, causing three male police officers to lay in the hospital suffering from injuries put on them!  What the hell is wrong with your daughter Dana?!  She doesn’t seem to have any regard for authority figures or for human life at all!  Why did your daughter Dana do all that?!”
“We all asked Dana why did she go crazy and attacked these female officers!” Christine shouts.  “All she kept telling us is that those officers putted their hands on her!”
“We keep telling her those female officers putted their hands on her because they needed to frisk her because they felt she was armed and dangerous!” David says.  “We told her those female officers were only doing their job!”
“Now newspaper reporter Felix Green has to be on permanent disability too!” Jacob Blair shouts.  “He’s suffering permanent injuries to his intestines because he was shot with a high powered rifle!   He was shot around forty-five minutes before that last female officer was found beaten up and left for dead!  I think your daughter Dana shot Felix Green!  I'm gonna make sure she do some real hard time for these crimes because she is a danger to society!”  Jacob Blair angrily walks away as Christine and David anxiously follow him.

The next day, two men and a woman in the street are reading an article in the paper with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA GETS ACQUITTED IN THE SHOOTING CASE OF NEWSPAPER REPORTER FELIX GREEN AND STRAY BULLET OF FEMALE OFFICER!  NO EVIDENCE COULD BE FOUND AGAINST HER, BUT SHE WILL GET SENT TO PRISON FOR BEATING FEMALE OFFICER!  “Did y'all read this article?” one of the men says.  “Diane D's cousin Dana got acquitted in the shooting case of that newspaper reporter Felix Green and the stray bullet of that female police officer when the female police officer was getting into the car with her husband!  No evidence could be found against Dana, but she's gonna spend a year in prison and a year of probation for attacking this last female officer!”
“What!” the woman says.  “No evidence could be found against her?!”
“No!  They can't find the weapon or anything!  But still, Dana is being sent to prison again!”
“Yeah I heard,” the second man says.  “She's only gonna get a year in prison and a year probation!  That's nothing compared to all she did!”
“I know.  Her grandparents keep hiring these good lawyers for her!”  The people continue to look at and read the article.

It is eight months later.  Teresa is inside her apartment.  She is about to walk out her front door. The telephone rings. Teresa turns and goes to the telephone.  She picks up the telephone receiver.  She speaks into it and says, “Hello?”
“Hey Teresa,” Diane D says from the other end of the phone.
“Hey Diane!  What's going on?!”
“I have good news again!”
“You do?”
“Yeah.”
“Well what is it?  Lay it on me.”
“They're releasing Dana from prison next week!”
“They are?!”
“Yeah!”
“No kidding!  A year didn't pass yet!  Dana's only been in jail for eight months!  Why are they letting her out early?”
“Good behavior again!”
“Good behavior?!”
“Yeah!  My family is gonna meet her next week when the authorities bring her down to the city!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“That's good!”
“It is.  Well I gotta go Teresa.  I just wanted to tell you the news real quick.  I'll see you when I come by your place tonight.”
“Okay Diane!  I'll be here!”  Teresa excitingly hang up the phone.

It is two weeks later.  Diane D's entire family and relatives are inside Margarita and Tomas’ mini-mansion.  They sadly and tearfully look at a newspaper headline that reads: NEWSPAPER REPORTER FELIX GREEN HAS COMMITTED SUICIDE!  HIS BODY WAS FOUND HANGED IN HIS FAMILY'S BATHROOM!  The doorbell rings. Marilyn turns and goes to the front door.  She looks through the peephole then opens the door.  Teresa sadly and worriedly comes inside the house.  Marilyn closes the door behind Teresa.  Teresa slowly and nervously walks into the living room.  She approaches everyone and says, “Hey everybody.”  Teresa sees everyone looking at the headline.  She then says, “I guess you all read about what happened to that newspaper reporter Felix Green huh?” 
“Well he succeeded in killing himself Teresa,” Nicolas says.
“Yeah,” Margarita tearfully says.  “It's so sad.”
“Are you all sure it was suicide?” Teresa asks.
“According to his family it was,” Barry says.  “It says right here that Felix Green was home with his family in their apartment when it happened.  His family stated that he told them he was going to the bathroom.  So when Felix Green went to the bathroom, his family noticed that he hasn't come back out the bathroom for a long time.  They became worried and went to check on him.  They knocked on the bathroom door, but he didn't answer.  When they opened the bathroom door, to their horror they found his body hanging from a clothe line in the bathroom!”
“Yeah I read that too.  Is his family sure it wasn't murder?”
“No one else was in the bathroom with Felix Green Teresa,” Michael says.  “There was no one else in the apartment but Felix Green and his family.”
“That's right,” Nicolas says.  “The bathroom didn't have any windows where anybody could come in or go out of, but Felix Green stated that ever since he came out of surgery from being shot, that he did not want to live with the condition his body was in!  He was put on a suicide watch for several months.  After that, everything seemed to be going normal with his state of mind.  No one thought he was still having suicidal thoughts. Obviously he was still thinking about killing himself without letting anyone on to it.”
“That's terrible,” Teresa sadly says.  “Where's Diane?”
“She's upstairs lying on the bed,” Mary says.
“She is?  Can I go see her?”
“Yeah, I guess you can Teresa,” Margarita says.  “Come on.  I'll walk you up.”
“Okay.”
Margarita leads Teresa away towards the staircase.

Diane D is in the bedroom lying face down on the bed fully dressed in a shirt and pants with her legs spread apart, hands beneath her head as she faces away from the door, firmly staring at the window out into space.  There is a knock at the door.  Diane D does not answer.  She ignores the knock as she stares at the window into space.  There is another knock at the door.

Outside the bedroom door, Margarita and Teresa are standing there facing the door.  Margarita turns the door knob and opens the bedroom door.  She looks into the room at Diane D.  She goes into the room as Teresa follows her in.

Margarita walks towards the bed.  She comes around the side of the bed to where Diane D is facing.  She sees Diane D‘s eyes open staring at the window and says, “Hey Diane.  Are you okay baby?”  
Diane D looks at Margarita and says, “I’m alright Grandma.”
“Okay.  I just want to let you know Teresa is here.”
Teresa comes around the side of the bed and waves to Diane D a little.  Diane D looks and sees Teresa.  She rolls her eyes and stares into space again.  
Margarita turns to Teresa and says, “I‘ll let you two be.”
“Okay Miss Margarita.”
Margarita goes back around the other side of the bed.  She goes towards the doorway.  She leaves the room and closes the door behind herself.
Teresa nervously looks at Diane D and says, “Hey Diane.  You mind if I sit down?”  Diane D does not respond.  Teresa slowly sits down on the bed beside Diane D.  She nervously looks at Diane D.  Then she turns her head and looks out the window.  She turns her head back towards Diane D and asks, “Are you okay Diane?  I heard and read about Felix Green's suicide.”  Teresa tearfully says, “It's so sad what happened.  Diane, I know what Felix Green did was wrong when he threatened to expose you and Dana in the newspaper, then calling you that horrible name then your family wind up attacking him for it, but you and your family put that all behind y'all, didn't y'all?”
Diane D turns her body over.  She slowly sits up on the bed, firmly faces Teresa and says, “No we didn't put that behind us Teresa.  Why would we put that behind us?”
“Well I thought y'all did.   Diane can I ask you something?  Do you think Dana had anything to do with shooting Felix Green?”
“I don't know Teresa.”
“Well a lot of people think she did?”
“Felix Green admitted that he's slammed other people in his newspaper before.  Maybe one of those people shot him.”
“But Diane, Felix Green claimed Dana tried to shoot at him before when she chased him down the highway.  He had told police since Dana tried to shoot him before, she can probably do it again.  Not only that.  I heard that the last female officer who was beat up had stated in court, that while she was sitting in her patrol car, she saw Dana's car speeding away from the distance she heard the gun shots coming from, which is close to where Felix Green worked and which is around the time he was shot.  The female officer claimed that's when she chased after Dana's vehicle and pulled Dana's car over.  That's when Dana came out of her car then winds up beating the female officer.  Diane, does Dana know about Felix Green's suicide?  Did she see the article yet?”
“Of course she saw the article.  My Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike said they showed the article to Dana earlier.”
“Oh yeah?  How did she react?”
“I don't know, I wasn't there.  All I heard, is that Dana said my family and I should all be glad that Felix Green's not around anymore.”
“What?  She said you all should be glad that Felix Green's not around anymore?”
“That's what my other grandparents told us she said.”
“Is Dana still at your other grandparents' house now?”
“Yeah, so far she still is.”
“Diane, it wasn't right what Felix Green said about you and said what he was gonna write about you and Dana, but your family was gonna try to reason with him and keep it from Dana.  Your family didn't want Dana to even know about this at all, right?”
“No they didn't.  But Mickey felt Dana had the right to know about it and told her about it anyway.”
“So Dana winds up finding out about that whole thing and this seems to be the entire result.  A newspaper reporter gets chased down the highway and gets his vehicle shot at three times, three female officers beat up, one of them gets a miscarriage, loses her unborn baby and will never be able to get pregnant again which means she will never have children, the other female officer gets shot in the back and winds up paralyzed and is confined to a wheel chair for the rest of her life, they both wind up having to leave the police force then be on permanent disability, the third female officer’s vision and hearing is damaged for life, she winds up having to leave the police force then be on permanent disability also, the newspaper reporter gets shot, his inside organs gets ruined for life, he winds up committing suicide because of it.  All of these people had permanent injuries Diane!” Teresa cries.  “Diane, when Dana came out of prison for beating up the first two female officers, I overheard someone in your family said, that Dana approached Mickey and asked him, if he knew Felix Green's home address or business address on the day she came out of prison!  It was like she didn't waste anytime trying to look for him!  It sounds like she was thinking about Felix Green the whole entire time she was in prison!  I heard that Mickey told Dana that he doesn't know Felix Green's home or business address and that he asked Dana ‘why she wanted to know‘.  I heard that Dana told Mickey that she wanted to send Felix Green something.  What in the world would she want to send to Felix Green?”
“I don't know Teresa, but I’m sure it wasn't a Christmas card.”
“I'm sure it wasn't either.  I heard that when Mickey asked Dana what she wanted to send to Felix Green, I heard that she told him never mind, then she just turned around and walked away.  Did you or your family ever found out what Dana wanted to send Felix Green?”
“Yeah.  She told my family she just wanted to send Felix Green a letter of apology.”
“A letter of apology?  That's what she said?  Y'all didn't believe her did y'all?”
“Of course we didn't believe her Teresa.  We didn't know what Dana really wanted to send Felix Green.  All we know, is that someone sent him a bullet to the stomach.”
“My God Diane.  I heard being the fact that Felix Green killed himself because of what the shooter did to him, the authorities want to charge the shooter with murder.”
“No one knows who shot Felix Green Teresa.”
“Diane, that last female officer saw Dana's car fleeing from the scene where the gunshots were coming from!”
“They still couldn't prove it at the trial that Dana did it!  They couldn't find the shooting weapon!   No evidence could be found against her, that's why she winds up being acquitted!”
“I know.  I hear they're supposed to have Felix Green's funeral and wake Friday morning.  Are you or your family going to it?”
“I don't know whether my family is gonna go to it or not.  I know I'm not going to be there.”
“You're not?”
“No.”
“Diane, it kind of sounds like you haven't forgiven Felix Green either for what he said and threatened to write about you and Dana.”
“No Teresa, I guess I haven't.”
“Oh. Okay.  Well, I would like to be there at the funeral and show Felix Greens' family some moral support.”
“Teresa, you might not be able to show Felix Green's family any moral support at all because I heard most of his family isn't even going to be at the funeral.”
“His family isn't going to be at the funeral?  Well why not?”
“They're the ones who found his body hanging!  I heard they were so shocked by the horror that three of them had to be committed!”
“Three of them had to be committed?!”
“Yeah.  I heard their state of mind is not right.  None of them can make it to the funeral.”  
Teresa frighteningly looks at Diane D as Diane D frustratingly lays back down on the bed then turns face down with her arms and hands beneath her head as she faces away from Teresa.  Teresa sadly stares at Diane D.

Three days later at the funeral, the Diaz-Davidson Choir sings 'Praise Him'.  Hundreds of people and reporters walk crying with eyes full of tears, looking down at Felix Green's body as it lays in a casket.

The following day, Diane D's family, relatives and a whole lot of other people are at a church function.  There are around a hundred people there.  A lot of them are reading newspaper articles with the headline that reads: NEWSPAPER REPORTER FELIX GREEN LAYS TO REST!  They all sadly look at the article.  























































Chapter 22

Lost In The Woods


One month on a nice cool spring day in Upstate, New York, Diane D, her family, around forty relatives including Dana, her sisters Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda, some of their Jamaican relatives, Tony, Michael, members of the Diaz-Davidson Band, Teresa and Joseph are setting up the campsite.  Michael smiles with his hands on his hips as he looks around the scenery.  He then says, “Wow, what a beautiful scenery here way Upstate.  We're about half-way to Canada.”
“Yeah we are,” Grandpa Mike says.  
Diane D sets up the tables.  Teresa approaches Diane D and says, “Diane, are we still gonna go hiking in the woods?”
“Yeah in a little while Teresa,” Diane D says.  “I'm gonna help set up the camp first.”
“Okay, I'll help too.”  Teresa starts to help Diane D as Diane D continues to set up the table looking up at the table umbrella adjusting it.

Several hours later, Diane D and around twenty-five of them including, Dana, her Jamaican relatives, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda, Mickey, Michael, Tony, Gracy, Aunt Celeste, Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, other relatives and Teresa are hiking through the woods in three lines with Dana at the head of the line slowly walking backwards between two of her Jamaican male cousins who are wearing dreadlocks as she faces the crowd watching everybody on the line.  Dana slowly turns around and faces forward.  She is wearing a shotgun strapped around her back and shoulder with her long black hair loosed out around her back and sides.  Everyone continues to follow her and her two Jamaican male cousins.  Diane D walks in the middle of the pack holding a long stick, firmly moving the weeds and bushes out of her way.  Teresa nervously comes beside Diane D.  She taps Diane D on the shoulder.  Diane D turns to Teresa and stops as Teresa stops and whispers to her, “Diane, why is Dana carrying a shotgun strapped to her back?”
“She's carrying it for protection Teresa, just in case we run into some wild animals like a bear or something,” Diane D says.
“Oh really?   Well I wish she wouldn't wear that.  That shotgun scares me.  I think of Felix Green when I see that shotgun with Dana.”
“Don't worry Teresa, everything's gonna be alright.  Just try not to think about Felix Green, alright?”  Diane D looks away from Teresa and walks up ahead as Teresa nervously looks at her.

An hour later, Dana, Diane D, Michael, Mickey, Teresa and the rest of the crowd are still walking through the woods.  Missy, Landa, Londa and Linda talk and laugh with each other as they walk in the front of the line near Dana.  Landa throws a peanut on the ground.  As they all continue to walk, Landa looks to the side.  She then shouts, “Ooh there goes some deer!”  Everyone stops and looks to the side.  They see three deer way in the distance.  Two big ones and one small one.  They all stop to admire the three deer.  
“Oh look how cute they are,” Gracy says.
“Let's go pet them,” Missy says.
“No we shouldn't go near the deer and disturb them,” Aunt Jean says.  “They might run off.  Let's just keep watching them from the distance.”  They all continue to watch and admire the three deer.
“Come on everybody,” Diane D says.  “Let's hike some more.”  Everybody turns away from the deer and start to walk forward again.

Everyone continues to walk through the woods.  “I'm getting hungry,” Linda says.
“So am I,” Landa says.
“Okay,” Gracy says.  “I think we better turn back around and head back to the camp because it's getting late.”  They all turn and start to head towards the camp.

It is one hour later.  Diane D stands with her hands on her hips, holding the long stick looking around the woods as everyone stands behind her looking around the woods also.  “We can't find our way back to the camp,” she says.
“I know,” Michael says.  “It's almost getting dark and we need to find our way back to the camp while it's still some daylight so we can be able to see.”
“I'm hungry,” Landa says.
“Don't worry Landa,” Aunt Jean says.  “We'll make it back to the camp.”  They all continue to walk.

Thirty minutes has past.  Diane D and everyone else slowly walk as they all look towards the side.  “We still can't find our way back,” Diane D says.  “I don't believe this.”
“I don't believe this either and it's almost dark,” Aunt Celeste says.  “We're really not gonna find our way back!”
“I'm hungry,” Londa says.  “I want to hurry and find our way back to the camp.”
“Yeah me too,” Missy says.
Dana approaches her sisters and tells them, “Don't worry girls, I'll get some food for y'all and feed you.  I'm gonna get some food for everybody.”
Everybody puzzled looks at Dana as Aunt Celeste asks, “Get some food for everybody?”
“How are you going to do that Dana?” Aunt Jean says. “There's no food around here.” 
“Yeah Dana,” Diane D says.  “Did you see berries somewhere?”
“Just wait right here everybody,” Dana says.  “I'll be back.”  Dana turns away and leaves.  She goes and disappears into the woods.

An hour later, everyone is looking around puzzled.  “Where did Dana go?” Diane D asks.  “She's been gone for an hour.”
“She has,” Michael says.  
“Well I’m going to call her cell phone again,” Aunt Celeste says.
“Celeste, we tried ten times to call Dana’s cell phone and she didn’t pick up,” Gracy says.
“I hope no wild animal got to her,” Londa says.
“I hope not either,” Michael says.  “Let's sneak around and follow where she might have went.”  Michael and everyone else walk through the woods looking and sneaking around for Dana.  
“Where could she have gone?” Diane D says.
“I don't know Diane,” Michael says.  “We don't see a sign of her anywhere.”
“I'm getting scared,” Landa says.
“Yeah me too,” Missy says.  Everyone nervously looks at Missy and Landa.
“Don't worry girls,” Gracy says.  “We'll find Dana.”  Everybody continues to walk, looking and sneaking around for Dana.  

Twenty minutes later, everyone continues to walk through the woods.  Missy looks to the side.  She then says, “Hey.  There goes those three deer again!”  Everybody looks to the side.  They suddenly spot the three deer way in the distance again walking.  They stop and look at the three deer again.  They smile and admire the three deer slowly walking away in the distance.  All of a sudden, they hear a gunshot coming from a distance and see the three deer turn and frighteningly run off!   
Everyone becomes startled as Mickey shouts, “What the ....!”  Everyone looks where the gunshot sound is coming from.  To their horror, they see Dana way in the distance on a hill aiming and pointing the rifle right towards the deer!  Diane D and everyone else then see Dana jump down the hill and charge right after the deer with the rifle as Dana's long black hair bounces around her!  Everyone starts to scream and shout, “Dana noooo!”
“What are you doing Dana?!” Gracy shouts.  “Noooo!” 
Michael turns to everyone and shouts, “She doesn't see or hear us!  We gotto go stop her!”  Michael, Diane D, Mickey and everyone else start to race towards Dana!

On the other side of the woods, Dana continues to charge after the three deer!  

The three deer continue to frighteningly run for their lives!

Back on the other side of the woods, Michael, Diane D, Mickey and everyone else continue to race towards Dana!

On the other side of the woods again, Dana continues to charge after the three deer!

The three deer continue to run for their lives! 

As Dana continues to charge after the deer, she suddenly jumps up on a log and stands with her legs and feet spread apart as her hair flows around her shoulder!   She points and aims the rifle right at the three deer again!  She then shoots at the three deer!

One of the two big deer get shot down and scream as the other two deer continue to frighteningly run off!  The deer that got shot down whimpers.  

Back on the other side of the woods, everyone stops running and shockingly look towards the deer in the distance.  They turn back towards Dana and see her on top of a hill!  They scream out, “Dana noooooo!”

Dana hears her family and turns her head towards them.  She becomes shocked to see them.  She angrily jumps down from the hill!  She starts to race right towards her family with the shotgun!  

Everyone shockingly looks at Dana in the dim distance as she rushes right towards them with the shotgun!  
Dana angrily approaches her family as she holds the shotgun.  She shouts to them, “What the hell are y'all doing following me?!”
“Why the hell did you shoot that deer Dana!” Aunt Jean shouts.
“What the hell you mean why did I shoot that deer?!  Missy and the triplets were saying that they were hungry!  So I shot the deer so they and the rest of us can all eat it!”
“What!” Aunt Celeste.  “So they and the rest of us can all eat it?!”
“You expect us to eat that deer Dana?!” Diane D shouts.  “Just like that?!”
“Dana why didn't you tell us you were gonna shoot that deer?!” Mickey shouts.
“If I would have told you all what I was gonna do, y'all would have tried to stop me!” Dana shouts.
“You damn right we would have tried to stop you Dana!” Aunt Jean shouts.
“That's why I didn't tell you!”
“We are not gonna eat that deer Dana,” Aunt Laura shouts.  “You shouldn't have shot it!”
“If you all don't eat the deer, that means I shot it all for nothing!”
“You damn right you shot the deer all for nothing Dana, because we're not going to eat it!” Aunt Jean shouts.
“Come on, y'all bloody eat meat everyday!  Why is it different when I go to kill an animal for meat?!”
“We don't normally witness animals getting shot Dana!” Michael shouts.
“Well y'all wouldn't have witnessed this animal getting shot either, if y'all hadn't snuck around and followed me!”
The whimpering sound of the dear continues.  It then disappears.  Everyone puzzled looks to where the whimpering sound was.  They all stare towards the area.  They look back at Dana as Gracy says, “Dana, I don't hear the whimpering sound anymore.  Is the deer still alive?”
“I don't know yet Grandma,” Dana says.  “I'm gonna go to it and find out.  If the animal is still alive when I get there, I'm gonna shoot it again.”
“What!” everybody shouts.  “Shoot it again?!”
“What the hell you're gonna shoot the animal again for Dana?!” Michael shouts.
“That's right Dana!” Aunt Jean shouts.  “We're all hungry, but we're not THAT hungry!” 
“Dana don't shoot the animal again,” Missy pleads.  “Please don‘t!”
“Why not Missy?!” Dana shouts.  “If y'all hadn’t complained y’all were hungry, I wouldn’t have shot the damn thing!”
“We didn’t expect you to do something like that Dana!” Linda shouts.
“Look!  If y’all not gonna eat the damn thing, I might as well just sell its meat to a butcher shop!”
“Sell its meat to a butcher shop?!” everybody shouts.
“That's right sell it to a butcher shop!  I'm gonna go finish it off.”  Dana turns away as she angrily gets the shotgun ready.  
“Nooo Dana!” Aunt Jean shouts.  “Don't do it!”  Dana ignores Aunt Jean as she walks back towards the woods.  
“Dana please!” Missy shouts.   Dana ignores Missy as she disappears into the woods.  
“Godammit Dana!” Aunt Jean shouts as she and Missy angrily start to run after Dana!  Everyone screams as they quickly grab and pull Aunt Jean and Missy back!  
Michael comes right in front of Aunt Jean and Missy and says, “Aunt Jean, Missy, don't try to stop her, the deer is already hurt!  Maybe this will be best, that way the deer will be out of its misery!”
“No Michael!” Missy shouts.  “I don't want to hear another gunshot!”
“Maybe we won't hear another gunshot Missy, the deer is probably already dead!  If we don't hear another gunshot, that means the deer is already dead.  If we DO hear another gunshot, that means the deer was still alive.”  Everyone worriedly looks at Michael.  They nervously look out towards the dark woods and wait.  They suddenly hear another gun shot way out in the dark distance as they all jump!  They become startled as they hear the dear screaming loudly!  They jump and become startled again as they hear another gun shot!  They hear no more sound from the deer.  They all become sad as Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Teresa start to cry.  Some of Diane D's relatives try to comfort them as Diane D stands there staring at them.  
Dana suddenly comes out of the woods.  She comes back to everybody with the shotgun.  Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Teresa quickly stop crying as they and everyone else look at Dana.  Dana looks at everybody and says, “The animal is dead.”  She looks away from everybody and walks several yards away to a nap sack that‘s on the ground.  She bends down on the ground and places the shotgun on the side.  She grabs the nap sack and pulls some large trash bags out of the nap sack as everyone stunned looks at her not knowing what to do or say.  Dana finishes pulling the large trash bags out of the nap sack as everyone continues to stare at her.  She then turns to everybody and firmly says, “Does anybody want to come help me wrap the deer's body?”  Everyone nervously looks at Dana.  
Michael, Mickey and two of the male cousins look at each other, then back at Dana.  “We'll help you Dana,” Michael says.
Dana stands back up.  She bends down and picks up the shotgun.  She turns to Michael and says, “Okay let's go.”  Dana turns away and goes back towards the woods as Michael, Mickey and the two male cousins follow her.  They all disappear into the woods.

Twenty minutes later, Michael, Mickey and the two male cousins bring and carry the deer's body wrapped in the trash bags as Dana firmly walks behind them.

It is now dark.  Everyone continues to walk through the woods with Michael, Mickey and the two male cousins walking at the end of the line carrying the deer's body as Dana follows them with the shotgun strapped back on to her back.  Londa looks ahead and shouts, “Hey, here comes Nicolas and the rest of them!  They found us!”
“Alriiiight!” everyone else shouts as they all see Nicolas, the rest of their family and three state troopers approaching them with flashlights.  Londa and the rest of them all run to them.

A half hour later, everybody is back at the campsite.  Diane D's family and the rest of the relatives surround the back of the pick-up truck as five of the men pick-up the dead deer's body and put it on the back of the pick-up truck.  The deer's eyes and face sadly peek out beneath the trash bag.  Aunt Jean, Aunt Laura, Missy, Landa, Londa, Linda and Teresa stand several yards away sadly staring at the deer's eyes and face.  They see some blood seep out of the bag.  Nicolas covers the blood and deer's eyes and head with the trash bag as he and the rest of the men start to tie the deer's body down with strings.  
Dana approaches with some extra string.  She starts to help tie down the deer's body.  She looks across the pick-up truck at her uncle Kevin as he helps tie the deer's body down.  She then says, “Uncle Kevin, I want to bring this deer to the butcher shop tomorrow morning, could you and Uncle Ronald come with me?”
“Sure we'll come with you Dana,” Uncle Kevin says.
“Good.  I want to bring it there first thing in the morning.”
“You got it Dana.”
Aunt Jean gives Dana an angry stare as she stands there with her arms folded.  Everyone continues to look at the deer's body wrapped under the trash bags as Dana and the men tie it down.

Two days later, a man is sitting in the barber shop, reading an article in the newspaper with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA SHOOTS AND KILLS BAMBI!  

Diane D's family and Michael are at the organization.  They are inside the office reading a different newspaper with a headline article that reads: DIANE D'S COUSIN DANA SHOOTS AND KILLS A DEER WITH A RIFLE IN THE UPSTATE WOODS!  DID DEER AND FELIX GREEN GET SHOT BY THE SAME PERSON?  Alex comes into the office holding a newspaper in his hand.  He approaches everyone and says, “I see y'all reading the article too.  So your niece Dana actually did shoot and kill a deer in the woods Upstate?”
“Yeah she did Alex,” Barry says.
“How do y'all feel about this whole thing?”
“We're all sad about it.  Especially with them all getting lost, getting hungry and Dana had to go kill an animal for it and they all witnessed it.”
“Yeah,” Aunt Jean says.  “I got emotionally sick by what happened.  I didn't have an appetite at all.  I completely lost my appetite when I saw the deer get shot.”
“It was very gross when me, Mickey and our cousins first saw the deer's bullet riddled body and started wrapping it up,” Michael says.  “It was blood all on the weeds.”
“I kept thinking about the deer the whole time we were riding back home and kept thinking about it all day yesterday.  Especially seeing that deer's blood all over the back of the pick-up truck when we all got home and seeing the sad look in it‘s eyes.”
“Oh yeah?” Alex says.  “I heard Dana and two of her uncles went to the butcher shop to sell the deer meat yesterday morning.”
“Yeah they did,” Barry says.  “The butcher shop paid Dana a lot of money.  Right after that, Dana took the money and went shopping at the supermarket.”
“She did?  How much money did the butcher shop pay her?”
“We don't know. Dana never told us how much money the butcher shop paid her, but my brothers said Dana bought and paid for three full shopping carts worth of groceries.  They helped Dana bring all the groceries home to my parents' house.  Later that night, Dana cooked a lot of the food and fed everybody in the house.”
“Really?  Wow.  Obviously killing a deer didn't bother her, did it?”
“Nope it didn't,” Aunt Jean says.  “She didn't have any emotions about killing the deer.”
“She's not sorry about it at all?”
“The word ‘sorry’ is not even in Dana’s vocabulary.  The only thing Dana is sorry about, is that we all refused to eat the deer.”
“Wow.  How in the world, did this information about Dana shooting a deer in the Upstate woods wind up in the newspaper anyway?”
“Well when Dana and my two brothers took the dear's body to the butcher shop, the butcher shop guys recognized Dana as Diane's cousin from all those incidents that was in the headlines,” Barry says.  “They found out that Dana shot the deer in the Upstate woods.  After Dana sold the deer meat, she and my two brothers left the butcher shop.  The next day we know, is that this headline and article about Dana shooting and killing Bambi is in the newspaper.”
“My God.  You think the butcher shop guys went and told the story to the newspaper?”
“Either they did or they told somebody else about it and that person told the newspaper about it.  All we know, is that none of us told the story to the newspaper.  The newspaper is now comparing the deer shooting incident to the Felix Green shooting incident, questioning did the deer and Felix Green get shot by the same person.”
“Yeah I know.  Can you imagine that?  How do Dana's sisters feel about this whole thing?”
“Well they feel it's their fault the deer got killed,” Aunt Jean says.
“They do?  Why?”
“They said if they never complained that they were hungry, the deer wouldn't have got killed.  I told Dana's sisters it is not their fault the deer got killed, they didn't know that it was gonna happen.  I told them we all were getting very hungry, but none of us expected THAT to happen.  We didn’t expect to witness something like that.  Now Dana's sisters are all afraid to tell Dana the next time they get hungry.”
“I don‘t blame them.  By the way, is your niece Dana some sort of sharp shooter?”
“Sharp shooter?” Barry asks.
“Yeah.”
“Not that we know of.  Why?”
“Because it sounds to me, like this isn’t the first time she’s shot and killed an animal.  It sounds to me, like this isn’t the first time she’s shot anything!  When some of the staff members were reading the article downstairs, they said it sounds like Dana has shot at things plenty of times before because she sounds too experienced when it comes to shooting something, especially from a far distance!”  Everyone puzzled stares at Alex.  Alex then says, “Where's Diane by the way?”
“She and Dana went out somewhere together,” Mary says.
“They did?”
“Yeah.” 
“Did they go to the butcher shop?”
“To the butcher shop?”
“Yeah.”
“No Alex, why would they go to the butcher shop?  Dana already sold the deer meat to them.  She already made a huge profit out of the deer meat, she doesn’t need to go back there.”
“Well after people saw and read the article about Diane D’s cousin Dana shooting and killing a deer in the Upstate woods then selling the dead deer to the butcher shop, I heard a lot of people flooded to that butcher shop.”
“What?” everybody says.
“A lot of people flooded to that butcher shop after they saw and read about Dana shooting and killing a deer then selling the dead deer to the butcher shop?!”
“Yeah.”
“You’re kidding Alex,” Barry says.
“No, I’m not kidding!  I hear there are a lot of people lined up at the butcher shop right now.”  
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“No wonder why those butcher shop guys somehow got the story of Dana killing a deer then selling it to them in the newspaper, so their butcher shop can get publicity and they can make a profit out of it!”
“Well obviously, the publicity worked for them because I hear they got customers lined up right outside their butcher shop door, waiting to get a glimpse of the deer meat or buy a piece of the deer that Diane D’s cousin Dana shot and killed.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.  I heard the line at the butcher shop is so long, that the butcher shop is thinking about raising the price of that deer meat to make a bigger profit out of it.  So if anybody out there wants to buy a piece of the deer that your niece Dana shot, killed and brought in the butcher shop herself, they better hurry to that butcher shop while the deer meat is still there and before the price goes up.  
“Wow.”  Everyone puzzled looks at Alex.  Barry then turns to his family and says, “Come on everybody.  Let‘s go see what‘s going on at that butcher shop.”  They all turn and rush towards the doorway.

Twenty minutes later, Barry’s car pulls to a curb not too far from the butcher shop.  There is a long line of people outside the butcher shop.

Inside the butcher shop, people shove and crowd around a glass case looking down at pieces of the deer meat as they anxiously say to each other, “This is the deer she shot and killed.”
“Oh my,” an older lady says.  “And she brought the deer in here herself?”
“I think so,” a middle aged man says.
Another lady looks up and asks the butcher shop guys, “Is this the deer Diane D’s cousin Dana shot and killed?”
“Yes that’s the deer she shot and killed,” the butcher shop guy replies.
“She brought the deer in here herself?” another man asks.
“Yes she brought in here with her two uncles.”
“Her two uncles?”
“Yeah.”
“Did Diane D come in here too?“
“No we didn’t see Diane D.  We just saw her cousin Dana and her two uncles.“
“When did Diane D’s cousin Dana and her two uncles bring the deer in here?” a third lady asks.
“They brought the deer in here yesterday morning.”
“Yesterday morning?”
“Yeah.”
“How long did they stay here?”
“They didn’t stay here too long.  After they brought the deer in here, we asked them ‘where did they get the dear from‘, they told us they got it from Upstate in the woods.  We asked them ‘how did the dear died’.  Dana’s uncles said she shot and killed the dear in the woods so she and her family can eat it when she and her family got lost up there.  Dana said her family had no interest in eating the dear, that’s why she and her uncles brought the deer meet here and sold it to us.  After Dana and her uncles sold us the deer, they split.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Well I would like to purchase three or four pounds of the deer meat,” another woman says.
“You got it Ma’am.”
“And I want to purchase five pounds of it,” another man says.
“You got it Sir.”
Everybody starts to purchase large pounds of the deer meat as Barry, Mary, Alex and some organization staff members stand far on the side looking on in disbelief.

























Chapter 23

Diane D Angrily Walks Off Stage And Socks Reporter!


One evening, there is a large crowd of people standing at the concert hall.  A male announcer is on the side of the stage behind the curtain with a microphone in his hand.  He turns around to Michael and asks, “Are the Dianettes gonna perform with Diane D tonight?”
“No,” Michael says.  “The girls aren't here.  They're visiting their families right now so just announce Diane's name.  She's gonna perform with the male dancers.”
“Okay.”  The male announcer turns back around.  He goes in front of the curtain and walks out to the front of the stage.  He speaks into the microphone and shouts, “Ladies and gentleman, here is, Diane D!”  The crowd screams and cheers.  Music starts to play as the curtain opens.  Big bold lighted up letters that read: DIANE D are on the back stage wall.  A double platform is on the stage with two black male dancers standing on opposite sides of it.  Diane D, dressed in a light blue shirt with elbow length sleeves and light blue jeans and thick black shoes, bangs across her forehead, her long hair all around her back, shoulders and sides and wearing a head microphone comes out on the platform singing, ‘Heeere I am.  Heeere I am.  Heeere I cooome.  Heeere I cooome’.  Here I am.  Here I am.  Heeere I cooome.  Heeere I cooome.  She sways a little as the crowd screams and cheers more.  Diane D then walks to the male dancer all the way on the left side of the stage as she sings to him and gently touches him. The male dancer sways as Diane D sings to him.  Diane D finishes singing to the male dancer and gently moves away from him.  She goes toward the male dancer all the way on the right side of the stage as she sings to him, gently touching him also.  The second male dancer sways also as Diane D sings to him.  Diane D finishes singing to the second male dancer and gently moves away from him.  She goes toward the center of the stage as the two male dancers start to follow her.  Ten other black male dancers come out of nowhere and go toward the center of the stage.  They and the first two male dancers start to dance around Diane D as she continues to sing.  Diane D stops singing and dancing as the male dancers face forward and start to dance in sequence with Diane D.  The crowd continues to scream and cheer.  The crowd is struck in aw as they see Diane D and the twelve male dancers dance in perfect sequence with each other.

In the audience, a four white male reporters, Matthew, Ted, Scott and Morgan are in the center of the crowd watching Diane D's performance.  They are in aw of Diane D and the male dancers performance also.  As Diane D starts to sing again, Matthew yells out to Diane D shouting, “Oh my God Diane D!  Did you drug these dancers too!  Huh?  Did you drug these dancers too!”

Diane D stops dancing and angrily looks at Matthew.  The male dancers puzzled look at Diane D and slow down.

Matthew, Ted, Scott and Morgan puzzled look at Diane D.

The male dancers are no longer dancing and look towards the reporters.  They then look back at Diane D as Diane D angrily turns her body to her left and points her finger at Matthew, singing to him, 'Here I Come'.  Diane D then angrily leaves the male dancers and heads to the side of the stage as she angrily jerk the head microphone off her head.  The music stops.

Matthew, Ted, Scott and Morgan nervously look towards Diane D as Scott says, “Oh oh, I think she's coming over here.”

An angry Diane D steps down to the side of the stage right near the crowd and two security guards as she tucks her head microphone into her jean pocket loop.  The crowd at the front of the audience scream and become excited as Diane D comes near them.  The security guards hold their arms out to Diane D as one of them shouts, “Diane D!  Where are you going?  You can't go in the crowd!”  Diane D angrily shoves the security guards arms away from herself and goes right past them and the crowd at the right.  The crowd excitedly stretch out their arms and hands and gently try to touch Diane D as she goes right past them around to the front of the audience.  The security guards go and follow Diane D.  The male dancers hurry off the stage and follow the security guards and Diane D.

Matthew, Ted, Scott and Morgan continue to see an angry Diane D coming their way.  Scott nervously shouts, “She's gonna chew us out right here in front of everybody!  I think we better hurry up and hide from her!”  Scott, Matthew, Ted and Morgan nervously back up.  They turn around and ease towards the back of the crowd, trying to hide away from Diane D.

Michael and the band members are in the upstairs booth looking on through the glass as Ralph shouts, “What’s Diane doing?!  She walked right off the stage!“
“What the hell is going on down there?” Melvin says.  
“I don't know,” Michael says, “but I'm definitely going down there to find out.”  Michael and the guys turn around and hurry out the door.

Diane D angrily goes through the center of the crowd with the security guards and the male dancers following right behind her.  The crowd in the center scream and become excited as Diane D goes past them also.  Some of them stretch their arms and hands out trying to touch Diane D as she goes past them while others stretch their arms and hands out trying to give Diane D a Hi-Five.  Diane D ignores the crowd and continues to head to the middle of the crowd as the crowd scream and stretch out their arms and hands trying to touch her as she goes past them.  Some of the crowd excitedly start to follow Diane D, the security guards and the male dancers.

Matthew, Ted, Scott and Morgan see and angry Diane D approaching their way with the two security guards, the male dancers and the crowd right behind her.  Diane D catches up to them.  She angrily approaches Matthew.  She points her finger right in his face and shouts, “Listen asshole!  I am sick, and I am tired of you goddamn reporters making that fucking statement and that fucking accusation about me!”
“I didn't say anything!” Matthew shouts.
“Don't hand me that bullshit!  I heard what you said while I was on the stage!”  The crowd surrounds Diane D as she shouts to Matthew, “First of all, you interrupted my performance, humiliating me while I was on stage and made me look like a fool!”  The crowd tries to calm Diane D by gently patting  her on both of her shoulders and holding on to both of her arms as she continues to shout to Matthew, “Now if you and your partners keep fucking with me with that statement and that accusation, I swear there's going to be trouble, right in here!”  Some of the women in the crowd gently touch and admire Diane D’s long black shiny wavy hair.  They gently move her hair away from her face and eyes as she continues to shout to Matthew, “Don't you or any of your partners or any other reporters out there ever humiliate me or disgrace me again, especially while on stage, you got it!”
“I don’t have to listen to this!”
“You're the one who started this whole bullshit and I'm going to finish it!”
“Oh yeah?!  Well I’m outta here.”  Matthew turns away from Diane D and is about to walk away.
Diane D takes her right hand and quickly grabs Matthew by the collar.  She stops him and shouts, “I'm NOT finished with you yet!”
Matthew turns back around towards Diane D and pushes Diane D's hand away shouting, “Don't be grabbing me!”
Diane D violently jerks Matthew by the collar again as the crowd continues to hold on to her arms!  She suddenly gets superhuman strength and quickly swings her entire left arm and fist into a circle throwing an uppercut, bashing her left fist right underneath Matthew’s throat and jaw practically lifting Matthew off his feet into the air!  Her left arm and fist continue to go straight up in the air practically bringing the crowd up in the air with it as she bashes her right fist right into Matthew’s nose!  Matthew falls backward onto the crowd behind him!  Matthew and the crowd behind him fall hard to the ground which causes Matthew to land right on top of the crowd behind him!  The security guards and four of the male dancers grab Diane Das the crowd lets go of her!  The security guards and male dancers wrap their arms around Diane D, struggling to hold her back as she tries to go after Matthew again as Matthew lays motionless with his face and nose bleeding!  
Diane D is still trying to go after Matthew as the security guard shouts to her, “No leave him alone Diane D, stop it!  Leave him alone!”  The security guards and the four male dancers have a tight grip on Diane D as she breaths heavy, angrily staring at Matthew!  Security and tons of people crowd around Matthew and the injured people on the floor and bend to them!  “Is he breathing?!” one of the security guards asks.  
“I don't know,” another security guard says.  “It looks like he might be unconscious!”  The security guards try to snap Matthew out of being unconscious.  Matthew suddenly gasps for air. 
“He came out of it,” the third security guard says.
“Thank God,” the fourth security guard says.
Matthew starts to hold his bloodied nose.  More security race through the crowd.  The security guard looks up at the other security guards who are holding on to Diane D and shouts to them, “Take her away!”  The security guards and the four male dancers take Diane D away.

Matthew continues to lay on the ground in agony with a lot of the crowd surrounding him and several security guards bending down tending to him.  One of the security guards turn to the other and asks, “What did he say to Diane D that made her come off the stage and attack him?!”
“I don't know,” the other security guard says.  “Obviously he said something she didn't like.”

The other security guards continue to take Diane D away.  Diane D pulls her arm and hand away from the security guards as they let go of her.  Michael and some of the band members finally get through the crowd!  They approach Diane D and the security guards as Michael shouts, “Diane what happened?!  Are you okay?!  Why did you walk off the stage?!”
“Yeah what happened Diane?!” Melvin asks.
“Nothing happened!” Diane D shouts. “We gotta continue the performance!”
“What!” Michael shouts.  “Continue the performance?!  What do you mean continue the performance?!”
“We're gonna get back on stage and continue the performance right where we left off!  We're gonna finish it then get the hell out of here!  Tell the guys upstairs to start the music again!  Tell them to start where we left off!”
“What!”
“I said tell the guys upstairs to start the music again!   Tell them to start where we left off!”  Diane D reaches into her pants loop for her head mic then turns to the male dancers and shouts, “Come on guys get back on the stage!”
“Get back on stage?!” one of the male dancers shouts.  “What do you mean get back on stage Diane?!  We can't get back on stage!  You just assaulted that reporter!  He and other people are laying back there hurt!  I'm sure the police are gonna come after you!”
“That's why we gotta hurry and finish the performance before the police get here!”  
“You just assaulted a reporter Diane?!” Michael shouts.  “A reporter and other people are hurt?!  My God, what happened?!”
“Why did you assault a reporter Diane?!” Ralph asks.
“I don’t have time to tell you about it now!” Diane D shouts.  “I’ll tell you about it later!”  Diane D turns to the male dancers and shouts, “Come on guys let's hurry and get back on the stage!  These people paid money to see this show so we‘re going to finish it for them, let's go!”  Music starts to play again.  Diane D starts to run towards the front of the crowd near the stage as the male dancers and the security guards run right behind her.
Diane D starts to run to the right side of the crowd in the front as the male dancers, the security guards and the crowd follow her.  The right side is blocked with screaming excited fans shouting, “Diane D!”  
“My God we can't get through there!” one of the male dancers shouts.  
The crowd at the left side scream out, “Over here Diane D!  Over here!”  Diane D turns around and starts to head towards the crowd at the left as the male dancers and the security guards follow her.  
The left side is blocked with screaming excited fans also shouting, “Diane D!”  
“My God we can't get through there either!” the male dancer shouts.   
The crowd at the right side scream out, “Over here Diane D!  Over here!”  Diane D turns back around and starts to head towards the crowd at the right as the male dancers and the security guards follow her.  
The crowd at the left side of the stage scream out again, “No over here Diane D!  Over here!”  Diane D turns back around and starts to head towards the crowd at the left as the male dancers and the security guards continue to follow her.  Diane D turns around to the dancers and shouts, “We don't have much time guys, we just gotta finish the performance right here!”
“Right here?!” the male dancer says.
“Yeah right here, let's go!”  Diane D quickly puts her head microphone back on her head.  She turns and faces each side of the crowd back and forth as the entire audience scream and cheer.  Diane D starts to turn her body around real fast as the twelve male dancers join her and turn their body's around real fast.  The crowd backs up a little and looks on as Diane D and the male dancers continue to turn their bodies around with the male dancers practically surrounding Diane D.  Diane D and the male dancers stop spinning and face the crowd as they perform a dance routine right inside the crowd.  Diane D and the male dancers jump.  As Diane D spreads her legs apart, a short black male dancer spins and jumps right in front of Diane D and bends to the floor doing the dance routine right between Diane D’s spread out legs.  Diane D practically dances right over the short guy as she angrily sings into the head mic.  Diane D and the male dancers do several more steps.  The music stops.  Diane D and the male dancers stop dancing as Diane D angrily points her arm and finger towards Matthew and shouts, “You don't fuck with me!”  Diane D quickly backs up, turns her head to her left and shouts to the male dancers, “Okay guys we're out!”  Diane D turns to her left and races towards the side of the concert hall as all the male dancers turn and race right behind her!  The short male dancer grabs onto Diane D's pants loop and races along the right side of her as the other male dancers race behind them!  The security guards race behind them!  
The crowd on the side move out of the way as Diane D and the short male dancer race right past them!  The rest of the male dancers continue to race behind Diane D and the short male dancer as the security guards follow right behind them!  Diane D and the short male dancer race right through the exit door and disappear out of sight!  The other male dancers race right through the exit door and also disappear out of sight!   The security guards race up to the exit door and stop!  The crowd tries to follow Diane D and the male dancers through the exit door, but the two security guards and several other security guards stop them.  They then push the crowd back!  Michael, Melvin and Ralph approach through the crowd as Michael says, “We gotta get through officer!”
“Okay!” the security guard says.  The security guard lets Michael, Melvin and Ralph go through the exit door as the crowd stare towards the exit door.

Several more security guards rush through the crowd where Matthew is laying!  They lead several paramedics through the crowd with a stretcher.  The police also rush through the crowd!  The paramedics, the police, the security guards and Ted bend down to Matthew.  The entire crowd surround them looking on.  They see heavy blood all over Matthew’s face.  “Aaaah!” Matthew screams.
“My God,” one of the paramedics says.  “His nose is all broken!” 
“It is?” one of the officers asks.
“Yeah, so is his jaw  I think his neck might be broken too and I think he has a concussion!  His eyes are all swollen, my God his whole face seem broken!  He was practically unconscious for a minute!”
“Really? A broken nose, a broken jaw, maybe a broken neck and a concussion?!  My goodness!”
“We're gonna have to hurry and turn him sideways before he chokes on his own blood!”  The paramedics turn Matthew over to his side.  
“Aaaaah!” Matthew shouts.
The police officer turns to Ted and asks, “You said Diane D did all this to him?”
“Yeah,” Ted says.  
“My goodness, what did she hit him with?!”
“Her fists!  She just walked right off the stage, came up to us, yelled at Matthew then assaulted him when he started to turn away from her and tried to push her arm away from him!”
“Assaulted him?   In front of everybody?!”
“Yeah right in front of the entire crowd!  She didn't seem to give a damn who was around when she assaulted him!”
“Where's she at now?!”
“I don't know.”
The police officer turns to the security guards and asks, “Do y'all know where Diane D is at this moment?”
“I don't know,” the third security guard says.  “Last thing we know is that she and her male dancers raced right out of the exit door.  I'm gonna radio the security upstairs and see if Diane D is still in the building.”
“Okay.”
The third security guard gets on his walkie talkie and says, “Hey Officer Jones, is Diane D upstairs, is she and her male dancers still in the building? ....  They left a couple of minutes ago?  .....  Because the police are here right now  .....  Okay, I'll tell them, thanks.”  The third security guard gets off his walkie talkie.  He turns to the police officer and says, “The security guards upstairs just told me Diane D and those dancers left the building a couple of minutes ago.  He says they're going back to her family's organization.”
“Diane D and the dancers are going back to her family's organization?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay.  We're gonna make a stop at the Diaz-Davidson Organization.”
“Okay.”
The paramedics and security guards lift Matthew into a stretcher.  They then carry the stretcher out the back.  The police follow after them.

Outside the concert hall, several police officers get into four separate police cars as Ted gets into one of the police cars.  The police cars put on their sirens and pull off!  They start to speed down the street!

Around an hour later, Ted and three police officers approach the front door of the Diaz-Davidson Organization.  
The front door of the Diaz-Davidson Organization is wide open.  
Ted looks in the open doorway.  “There she goes!” he shouts.  “That's her!  That's the one who did it!  That's the one who broke Matthew’s jaw and nose!  I want you to arrest her!”
“Okay we'll handle it,” the police officer says.

Inside the lobby of the Diaz-Davidson Organization, Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Gracy, Grandpa Mike, Michael, Nicolas, Mickey, the band members and male dancers completely surround Diane D having their bodies face her as they have their heads back looking towards the front door.  Diane D firmly leans against the wall very calm with her head back against the wall, motionless and expressionless, staring outside the front door at Ted with one foot on a stool, one hand resting on her lap as she holds a can of beer.

Back outside the front door, Ted shouts to the police, “Go ahead and arrest her officers!”
“We are going to arrest her sir!” the police officer shouts.  “Just let us handle it!”
Another officer takes Ted to the side as the other officers turn towards the front door.

Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Gracy, and Grandpa Mike approach the officers.  “What's going on officers?” Mary asks.
“We understand there's been a problem at the concert hall where your daughter Diane D was performing,” the police officer says.  “We understand that she assaulted a reporter there, so we have to take her in.”
Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Gracy, and Grandpa Mike sadly look at the officer.

Inside the police station lobby, a police officer comes from the back and walks into the lobby.  Diane D's entire family approach the officer as Barry asks, “So what's gonna happen officers?”
“We're gonna send your daughter Diane D to jail,” the officer says.
“To jail?!” Diane D’s family shout.
“Yes.  She has an assault charge against her.”
“But officer!” Tomas shouts.  “We heard that this reporter was harassing and heckling my granddaughter while she was performing on the stage!”
“That's right!” Mary shouts.  “That reporter had no right to harass and heckle our child!  
“Especially while she's performing!” Margarita says.  “We didn’t send her to perform on stage so she can be harassed!”
“I understand that Miss Margarita,” the police officer says, “but that still doesn’t give your granddaughter Diane D the right to just come off the stage, come up to the reporter and hit him!  Those reporters are still pressing charges against your granddaughter!”
“Oh really!” Grandpa Mike says.  
“Yes.”
“Well if those reporters press charges against our granddaughter, we're gonna press charges against them for harassment!”
“Harassment?”
“Yeah, for harassing Diane while she was performing on stage!” 
The officer worriedly looks at Mike.

The next day, a man is sitting on the bus reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D GETS OUT OF CONTROL AGAIN!

Another man is sitting on a city bench reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D GETS ARRESTED AND THROWN IN JAIL AGAIN!

A man is sitting in a barber shop reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D ANGRILY STEPS OFF THE STAGE RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF HER PERFORMANCE TO CONFRONT REPORTER THEN ASSAULTS HIM!  

Inside a beauty salon, a woman is sitting reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D STEPS OFF STAGE DURING HER PERFORMANCE AND GOES RIGHT INTO THE CROWD OF SPECTATORS AS SHE CONFRONTS A REPORTER WHO HECKLED HER!

A man is standing on line inside a supermarket reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D SOCKS IT TO REPORTER RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF STUNNED FANS!

A man is sitting in the subway reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D LITERALLY KNOCKS REPORTER OFF HIS FEET RIGHT IN FRONT OF SHOCKED FANS!

A man is sitting in a coffee shop reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: SHOCKED FANS WITNESS DIANE D BREAKING A REPORTER'S NOSE AND JAW AND PRACTICALLY KNOCKING HIM UNCONCIOUS RIGHT BEFORE THEIR EYES!

Inside the jail lobby, Diane D's family and relatives stand around anxious.  Michael approaches Mary and says, “Mom, did you call the girls?”
“I didn't have to call the girls Michael, they called me,” Mary says.  “They saw all the headlines and articles in the papers about Diane getting arrested for viciously assaulting a reporter.”
“They saw the papers?”
“Yeah.  They all got upset and hysterical and now they're all on their way here.”
“They are?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay.  So we're going to speak to the lawyers later, right?”
“Of course we are!” Grandpa Mike shouts.  “We're gonna counter sue that reporter and his whole staff for harassing and heckling Diane while she was performing.”
“That's right,” Margarita says.  “We gotta meet up with the lawyers this afternoon.”  Everyone continues to stand around anxious.

The next day, a man is sitting in the barber shop reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D'S FAMILY THREATENS COUNTER LAWSUIT AGAINST REPORTER FOR HARRASSING AND HECKLING DIANE D WHILE SHE WAS PERFORMING ON STAGE! 

A man sitting on the bus is reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads:  WITNESSES COME FOREWARD AND SPEAK AGAINST REPORTER'S HECKLING!

Inside the hospital room, Matthew’s face is till slightly bruised and broken as his wife Jill and fellow reporters Scott and Morgan stand around him.  Scott then says, “I think you should really consider dropping the charges against Diane D Matthew.”
“What?!” Matthew shouts.  “Are you crazy?!  She came right off the stage and attacked me!  Didn't some witnesses from the concert come forward?!”
“Yeah witnesses from the concert did come forward alright!  The witnesses who were standing very close to you claim, that they heard you yell something out to Diane D while she was on the stage!”
“Yeah,” Morgan says.  “They said they heard you yell out asking her, ‘did she drug her male dancers too‘!  The next thing they know, is that she stopped right in the middle of her performance and came right off the stage and came after you!  In other words, these witnesses are claiming that you provoked Diane D!”
“What!” Matthew shouts.  “They're saying that I provoked her?!”
“Yes!  They're saying that you provoked Diane D to come off the stage and come after you!  They said if you had never yelled out what you yelled out to her, she would have never come off the stage and come after you in the first place!  They said she would have stayed right on the stage and went on with her performance as usual and there would not have been any problems!”
“I can't believe these witnesses are speaking against me, saying that I provoked Diane D to come after me and attack me!”
“Well that's what they're saying Matthew,” Scott says.
“She still had no right to hit my husband!” Jill shouts.
“She might not have the right to hit him,” Morgan says, “but still, no witnesses came forward and spoke against her!  They all spoke against your husband instead!”
“Why didn't these witnesses speak against Diane D?  She still does not have the right to attack my husband!  Why didn't they speak against HER!”
“Well obviously these witnesses are her fans!” Scott shouts.  “They seem to be kind of loyal to her and not speaking anything against her!”
“That‘s right,” Morgan says.  “I saw the way they all crowded around her, trying to comfort her when she first came and confronted you Matthew.  I saw the way they were all giving her a pat on the back and shoulders while she was chewing you out!”
“Yeah I saw it too.  So Matthew, you should really think about dropping the charges against Diane D because her entire family is talking about bringing harassment charges against our whole staff!”
“What!” Matthew shouts.  “Bringing harassment charges against our whole staff?” 
“That’s right!  You know Diane D’s family is not going to take this thing lying down, especially her grandfather Mike!  He's ready to legally go after ANYBODY who causes trouble for his family!  You see how he’s always bailing his other granddaughter Dana out of trouble!  He doesn’t play.”
“That’s right Matthew,” Morgan says.  “You mess with Diane D, then you got her entire family to deal with.  That reporter Felix Green learned that the hard way.”
Matthew worriedly looks at Morgan.

Two days later, a man at a news stand is looking at a newspaper article with a headline that reads: REPORTER DROPS ASSAULT CHARGES AGAINST DIANE D!

A group of people are sitting in an office building reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D IS RELEASED FROM JAIL!  SHE IS PLACED INTO HER FAMILY'S CUSTODY AND PUT ON PROBATION!   One of the men turns to the others and says, “Hey.  This article says Diane D is released from jail and placed into her family's custody,” 
“Yeah I heard,” one of the women says.  “I heard that reporter dropped the charges against her.  Why did he drop the charges against her?”
“He kept getting pressure from his colleagues and the community to drop the charges against Diane D.”
“He did?”
“Yeah.  Plus Diane D's family was threatening a counter lawsuit against the reporter's company for harassment, saying that the reporter started the whole entire thing by heckling Diane D in the first place while she was performing on stage, and some witness told the cops that they heard the reporter heckling Diane D, so I think the reporter and Diane D's family made some kind of out of court settlement.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“Isn't Diane D's cousin Dana still in her family's custody too?” a second woman asks.
“Dana?  You mean the one who chased that newspaper reporter Felix Green on the highway and shot at his car three times and the one who shot that dear in the Upstate woods and did those other alleged shootings?”
“Yeah, her.”
“Yeah she‘s still in Diane D‘s family‘s custody. Now Diane D and her cousin Dana are both in their family's custody.  They’re like two peas in a pod.”
“They sure are.  I wouldn’t want to cross those two.”
“Neither would I.”  The people continue to look at the article.

A man is at a newsstand looking at a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DON'T HECKLE MISS D!

A month later, a car pulls up to the curb outside of Gracy and Mike’s house.  David is in the driver‘s seat as Christine sits on the passenger side.  The back door opens.  Dana comes out of the back seat and steps out the car dressed in dark green pants, an opened short sleeved white buttoned shirt and a mint green corset underneath.  She closes the back door behind herself then goes to the back of the car to the trunk as it opens.  She bends into the trunk and pulls out a few garments inside some plastic cleaner bags.  She then closes the trunk back and walks towards the front gate carrying the garments as David asks, “You got it Dana?”
Dana turns towards David and says, “Yeah I got it Dad.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah I’m sure.”
“Okay.”
“And make sure you get some rest Dana,” Christine says.
“Okay Mom,” says Dana.  Dana turns from her parents and walks to the front gate.  She reaches the front gate and opens it.  She closes back the front gate and walks through the front lawn towards the front door.  She reaches the front steps then goes up the steps.  She opens the mail box and looks into it.  She takes a little mail out and closes back the mail box.  She then takes her keys, unlocks the front door and opens it.  
“Okay we’ll be right back Dana!” Christine shouts.  
Dana turns her head towards Christine and waves a little.  She then turns her head forward and steps into the house carrying the garments with her.  The front door then closes and locks behind Dana.  
David then pulls out the curb and drives off down the street.

Thirty minutes later, Gracy is in Dana’s room standing over Dana as Dana lays face up on the bed still fully dressed as she has her eyes closed.  Gracy says to her, “Are you sure you okay Dana?”
“Yeah I’m okay Grandma,” Dana says as she annoyingly rubs and scratches the back of her head.  She then says, “I still have a slight headache and feel pain all over myself,” as she sucks her teeth.
“You do?”
“Yeah.”
“Well the CAT scan you had on your head after you fell off the ladder came out normal.  You shouldn’t still be in pain from that fall.”
“I don’t know wahs happening Grandma.  All I know is that I need some rest right now.”
“Okay Dana.  I’ll bring you something to eat later, okay?”
“Okay Grandma.”
“Have you spoke to Tony today?”
“Yeah he called me earlier.”
“Oh yeah?  When is he and his family suppose to come back from Maryland?”
“I think they’re suppose to come back next week.”
“Next week?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay.  I’ll let you get some rest.  See you later.” 
“Okay.”
 Gracy sadly stares at Dana.  She then turns and heads towards the bedroom doorway.  She reaches the doorway and looks back at Dana as Dana rests with one knee up, one hand across her belly and the other hand behind her neck with her eyes closed.  Gracy then turns and leaves the room.   

Gracy comes down the stairs and turns towards the living room.  Suddenly the doorbell rings.  Gracy goes to the door.  She looks through the peephole.  She then opens the door and says, “Hi Michael.”
Michael steps inside the house and says, “Hi Grandma, how you doing?”
“I’m doing okay. How is everything?”
“Everything is good.  Diane told me earlier that Dana wasn’t feeling too well, so I came to see how she is.  Is she here?”
“Yeah she’s upstairs.  David and Christine dropped her here from a doctor’s appointment a little while ago.”
“They did?”
“Yeah.”
“Well can I see how Dana is?”
“Yeah go ahead up there.   Just knock on the door before you enter the room.”
“Okay Grandma.”  Michael turns away from Gracy and heads up the stairs as Gracy goes into the kitchen.  

A minute later, Michael is coming down the upstairs hallway.  He heads towards Dana’s bedroom doorway.  He stops at Dana’s bedroom doorway.  He looks into the room and sees Dana resting on the bed with her eyes closed.  He then sees Dana scratching the back of her head then sees her turn her body over resting face down on the bed with both her arms beneath her head as she faces away from the bedroom door towards the window with her legs and feet slightly spread apart.  Michael knocks on the opened bedroom door and calls out “Dana?”  Dana does not answer.  She continues to rest with her arms beneath her head.  “Dana are you okay?” Michael calls out.  “I heard you weren‘t feeling well.  Dana?”  Dana still does not answer.   Michael knocks on the bedroom door again and calls out “Dana?”  Dana still does not answer.  Michael then steps inside the bedroom.  
Michael goes around the bed on the side facing the window.  He approaches Dana.  He looks down at Dana as she lays on the bed with her eyes closed not responding to Michael.  Michael again says, “Dana?”  Dana still does not respond.  She is fast asleep.  Michael stares at Dana.  He then looks up towards the bedroom doorway.  He suspiciously looks back down at Dana.  He looks back up towards the bedroom doorway again then turns and heads towards the bedroom doorway.  He reaches the bedroom doorway and pokes his head out the bedroom doorway looking out into the hallway.  He doesn’t see anyone around.  He then pokes his head back into the bedroom.  He turns and looks back at Dana.  He looks back out in the hallway, then he suddenly closes the bedroom door behind himself.  
Out in the hallway, the bedroom door suddenly locks.
















Chapter 24

Michael Makes A Shocking Confession To Diane D


It is four weeks later.  It is 12:00 noon.  Diane D is working inside one of the hospital offices looking at some hospital samples.  Suddenly, there is a knock at the door.  Diane D puzzled turns to the door and says, “Come in!”  The door opens.  Michael hysterically steps into the room.  Diane D puzzled looks at Michael and says, “Michael, what are you doing up here?  I thought you’re suppose to meet me for lunch downstairs.”
“I was,” Michael says as he closes the door behind himself.  He then approaches Diane D and says, “I’m sorry Diane, but I have to tell you something.”
“You have to tell me something?”
“Yeah.  There‘s too many people downstairs, that’s why I came up here to talk to you.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay, what is it?  What‘s the matter?”
“It’s about Dana.”
“Dana?”
“Yeah.”
“Well what about her?  Is she alright?  Did she get hurt again?  Did something happen to her?”
“Dana is alright right now Diane.”
“She is?”
“Yes she is.”
“Oh that’s good.  So what’s the problem then?”
“I have a confession to make to you,” Michael worriedly says.
“You have a confession to make to me?”
“Yeah.”
“A confession about what?”
Michael turns his head and worriedly looks away from Diane D towards the door.  He then turns his head back towards Diane D.
“What is it Michael?” Diane D says.  “What is it about Dana you want to talk to me about?”  
Michael worriedly looks at Diane D with slight tears in his eyes.

Ryan, a black male hospital employee around his early 40’s is walking down the hospital hallway pushing a cart.   He is about to pass by the hospital office door when he suddenly hears Diane D’s voice shout, “What!  Are you serious Michael?!”
“Lower your voice Diane,” Ryan hears Michael’s voice say.   Ryan stops and listens outside the door as he hears Michael‘s voice say, “I didn’t mean for that to happen!”
“You are so stupid Michael!” Diane D’s voice angrily shouts.  “How the fuck can you make another mistake like this happen again?!  Didn’t you learn the last time?!”
“I’m sorry Diane!”
“Sorry?!  Sorry about what, for making another mistake, or for being stupid?!  What the hell is the matter with you?!  What the hell were you thinking?!  I can’t believe you would be so stupid to allow something like this to happen again!  I just can‘t believe it!  What is the family going to think if they ever find out about this?!  We can‘t let this information out!  We can’t let the family find out and know what you did!  They can never know about this!”
“I know Diane!  What are we gonna do?!”
“I don’t know Michael!  I’m still shocked by this!”  
Ryan continues to listen and eavesdrop outside the door.

Inside the office, Diane D continues to shout, “Boy I can’t believe you made the same mistake again Michael!  Now I have to go to Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house tonight to give Dana a pregnancy test!”
“What?” Michael says. “You’re going to give Dana a pregnancy test tonight?” 
“Yeah I have to!  I have to know whether she’s pregnant by you or not!  Tonight I’m gonna stop by the all-night drug store and buy a home pregnancy test kit, then I’m gonna bring the home pregnancy test kit to Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house in the wee hours of the night and morning and secretly give Dana a pregnancy test without the rest of the family knowing about it!”
“Oh yeah?  How are you going to do that?” 
“The same way I did before!  Do that while the rest of the family are all asleep!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes!”
“But what if Dana is asleep?”
“I’ll just have to wake her up and bring her into the bathroom to do the pregnancy test on her, like I did before!”  Diane D starts to worriedly pace back and forth with one hand over her head and the other hand on her hip.  
“I’m so sorry Diane,” Michael says.  Diane D angrily waves her hand at Michael as she continues to worriedly pace back and forth.

Outside in the hallway, Ryan continues to listen and eavesdrop outside the door stunned.

The next day, Ryan is in the hospital hallway pushing carts again.  He looks down the hospital hallway and sees Diane D angrily walking in the distance down the hospital hallway.  He sees her turn and go into the office.  He then hears the door shut.  He secretly rushes to the door.

Inside the office, Michael rushes to a fuming Diane D and shouts, “Diane!  What happened last night or this morning?!  Your grandma Gracy and your grandpa Mike called me earlier and said that you were fuming and was flipped out about something when you left their house!  They said they didn’t know what you were fuming and flipping out about, so they called me to find out what was going on and wanted to know if I knew anything!  I told them ‘no I don’t know anything‘!  What happened?!”
“I’ll tell you what happened Michael,” Diane D firmly says.  “When I went to Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house in the wee hours of the night and morning to give Dana a pregnancy test, guess what happened.”
“I don’t know, what?”
Diane D swings her right arm and back slaps Michael right across his head as her mouth pouts with anger!
Michael falls backward against the office furniture holding his head in pain!  He looks at Diane D and shouts, “Hey!”
“You fucking asshole!”
“What happened?!”
“What the hell you think happened?!  The pregnancy test came back positive!”
“What!  The pregnancy test came back positive?!”
“Yes it did!  Dana is pregnant!”
“What!  Dana is pregnant?!  Are you serious?!”
“Yes I’m serious!”
“I mean, are you sure?!”
“Wasn’t I sure the first time you accidentally got Dana pregnant?!  When I gave her a pregnancy test the first time you accidentally got her pregnant, the pregnancy test came back positive then, and it came back positive again, this time.”
“Oh my God!  So she’s definitely pregnant?”
“Yes she is!”
“I’m so sorry Diane!  I didn’t mean for this to happen!”
“Oh Michael!” Diane D cries.  “I’m so scared that this incident of my own husband getting my own cousin pregnant again might get back to the family and to the community!”
“I’m so sorry Diane!”
“How can you be so careless Michael?!”
“I don’t know!  It’s just that I got caught at the spur of the moment!   When I saw Dana laying on the bed sleeping, I somehow got horny, then I decided to close the bedroom door, lock the door, then I went right back over to Dana, woke her up and had sex with her!  I didn’t mean to get her pregnant!  Are you sure Dana is pregnant Diane?!”
“Yes she‘s pregnant!  I did the pregnancy test on her myself!”
“You did?”
“Yes I did!  When I got to Grandma Gracy and Grandpa Mike’s house, I went right up to the room, woke Dana up and brought her right into the bathroom with the home pregnancy test kit right in my hand.  I closed the bathroom door, then opened the home pregnancy test kit and did the pregnancy test on Dana right then and there.  After Dana left the bathroom, I stayed in the bathroom to wait for the result, and when I saw that the result was positive, I wanted to hang you right then and there!”  
“My God!” 
“She is definitely pregnant!  I got so angry about you that I wind up flipping out!”
“I’m sorry Diane!”
“Sorry my ass Michael!” 
“Does Dana know she’s pregnant?!  Did you tell her about the pregnancy test result?!”
“I didn’t get a chance to tell her anything!  I was so flipped out about you!”
“So she doesn’t know she’s pregnant?!”
“No she doesn’t know yet!  All Dana knows right now, is that she’s been feeling sick lately and she doesn’t know why!  The rest of the family and I didn’t know why either until you confessed to me yesterday that you had sex with her four weeks ago!  Now you and I both know why Dana’s been feeling sick lately and she’s been feeling sick lately, thanks to you!”
“Oh Diane!  It might not even be my baby!  The baby might not even be mines!”
“How can the baby not be yours Michael?!  Yesterday you came in here and confessed to me that you had sex with Dana four weeks ago, and you think you might have accidentally gotten her pregnant!”
“Yeah but what if somebody else had sex with Dana around that time Diane?!  What if it’s somebody else’s baby?!  Are you sure that Dana is pregnant by me?!”
“Well let’s see!  Tony wasn’t anywhere around four weeks ago during the supposed time of conception!  He had a death in his family!  Everyone knows that he and his family had left town for a couple of weeks to go all the way to Maryland for the funeral!  We don’t know if anybody else had sex with Dana around the supposed time of conception while Tony was away, but since you confessed to me that you HAD sex with Dana four weeks ago, which is the supposed time of conception, you can’t deny that the baby is possibly yours, but most likely, the baby is probably yours Michael!  Why the hell did you take a chance to have sex with Dana without using a goddamn condom, you know she can’t take birth control pills all the time, they give her side affects!  You know she doesn’t like the side affects birth control pills give her, so she probably didn‘t take her birth control pills at all while Tony was away, because she probably felt she didn‘t need to take them while he was gone, then you come along and take the risk of having sex with her without using a condom!  Why did you risk having sex with Dana without using a condom Michael?!”
“Like I said Diane, I got caught at the spur of the moment, I didn’t have a condom on me and I didn‘t have time to go to a drug store to get one!”
“So you risked having sex with Dana, accidentally getting her pregnant, knowing that she skips taking her birth control pills at times, huh.”
“I guess so.”
“See Michael?  See what I have to do now?  Now I have to try to fix your stupid mistake again!”
“What?  Try to fix my stupid mistake, again?   What do you mean ‘try to fix my stupid mistake, again’ Diane?  Wwwwhat are you planning to do?”
“The same thing I tried to do before.”
“The same thing you tried to do before?  Wwwhich thing you tried to do before, the thing you tried to do with me before, or the thing you tried to do with Dana?”
“Both.”
“Both?!   No Diane, don‘t try to do that again!  Please don‘t!”
“I have no other choice Michael.  I have to try and do that again.”
“Diane please don‘t do that!  Don‘t even think about doing that!”
“Oh I am thinking about doing that Michael.  I am planning to do it.”
“No you’re not Diane!”
“Oh yes I am Michael, yes I am.  Now the first thing I’m going to do, is call to request to work in both of those areas of the hospital again and see if I can be an assistant again and start working inside one of those areas, today.”
“What?  You’re gonna try to work inside one of those areas today?”
“That‘s right, today.  If I give myself more lessons, maybe this time, I’ll get it right.”
“Maybe this time, you’ll get it right?!  No Diane, I won’t let you try to do any of that stuff again with me or with Dana, especially with Dana!  This time, I’ll have to stop you!”
“Stop me?”
“That‘s right!”
“Why didn’t you stop yourself from risking getting my own cousin pregnant, then I wouldn’t have to be in this situation in the first place now, would I?”
“But what if the police come after you again?!”
“Michael, the police won’t come after me again, as long as they don’t know about it.”  Diane D angrily stares at Michael.  She then turns and goes to the telephone on the desk.  She picks up the telephone receiver and starts dialing a number.   
Michael nervously and worriedly looks at Diane D as he whispers to himself, “What have I done?”  He worriedly stares at Diane D.

Ryan continues to listen and eavesdrop outside the door.

It is one week later, two hours after midnight.  Shane, a black male hospital employee with a very short haircut around his late 30’s, and Josh, a white male hospital employee with short black hair also around his late 30’s, are pushing boxes and carts around the corner inside the second floor level of a dimly lit hallway in the back area of the clinic.  They suddenly hear the sound of a stairwell door open from around the corner.  They puzzled look at each other.  They creep to the corner of the hallway.  They poke their heads around the corner to look.  They become stunned as they peak around the corner.  They suddenly hear one of the clinic room doors down the other end of the hallway open, they then hear it shut.  They then hear the door lock.  Shane and Josh stare around the corner for several seconds.  They then poke their heads back in the corner and look at each other stunned as Shane whispers, “That was Diane, walking down the other end of the hallway, sneaking her cousin Dana into one of the empty clinic rooms again, then she shut the door behind herself and her cousin Dana, then locked it.”
“I know,” Josh whispers.  “What are they doing here now?”
“Diane requested to work the night shift again.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.”
“How come?”
“I don’t know.  I think she and her cousin Dana are up to something again.”
“I think so too.”
“Let’s go sneak up behind the door and find out what they’re up to, this time.”
“Okay, but we got to be careful with those two chicks.  You know how Diane and her cousin Dana can get whenever they get mad or angry, they both turn into a wild beasts.  Remember what we heard happened to those security guards that Diane D kicked in the groins injuring them, landing them in the hospital with permanent injuries causing those security guards to be on permanent disability?”
“Of course I remember that.”
“And remember what we heard happened to those correction officers inside the jail cell they were trying to keep Diane in, right?”
“Of course I remember hearing about that story too.  I also remember hearing and reading about the little kid Diane beat up, right inside of an elementary school hallway one night, landing that little kid in the hospital too, and she claims not to remember beating him up!”
“Yeah I remember hearing about that story too.  I hear it caused that kid to have permanent injuries too.”
“He has permanent injuries for what Diane did to him?!”
“That’s what I heard.  And remember hearing and reading about her walking off the stage to confront a reporter, practically knocking the guy out right in front of the entire crowd, because he heckled her while she was on stage?”
“Yeah I remember hearing and reading about that story too.  She was bold to come off that stage to do something like that, especially right in front of the entire crowd.”
“’Bold’ is not the word Shane, ‘crazy’ is more like it.”
“I know.  Not only that, when witnesses came forward and told the police what happened, all of the witnesses took Diane’s side.”
“They sure did.  That reporter was getting pressure from a lot of people, including his own colleagues to drop the charges against Diane, so he caved in and did.  I wouldn’t want to heckle Diane.”
“I wouldn’t want to heckle her either.”
“And remember how whenever Diane gets out of control and her family tries to stop her, and she be dragging her family members, all at once?!”
“I know!  How in the world does she do that, drag several people all at once?!”
“I don‘t know.  Her family claims, that whenever Diane gets angry and out of control, it seems like some supernatural force or spirit suddenly takes over her body, and she would suddenly get superhuman strength and would be able to do something like that, that a normal person would not be able to do.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“What kind of supernatural force or spirit?”
“Diane’s family claim they don’t really know.  They say it’s something that cannot be explained, but they can feel this supernatural force or evil spirit right there inside of her.”
“They can feel it?”
“That‘s what they claim.  Not only that.  Diane’s family believe they’ve been encountered with some supernatural force or evil spirit because they claim after it‘s all over, Diane would never remember any of it.”
“She wouldn’t?“
“No, she would never remember dragging her family members.”
“Wow.  That sounds pretty scary.”
“It does.”
“But what about her cousin Dana?  We heard her cousin Dana did the exact same thing when she and Diane both tried to assault and attack the motorist who cut Dana off on the highway out in Long Island.  I read in the newspaper that the motorist and his wife both claimed to have witnessed Diane and her cousin Dana dragging all four of Dana‘s sisters and a Jamaican cousin of theirs all at once, causing their feet to slide against the grass and dirt when Dana‘s sisters and their Jamaican cousin tried to stop both Diane and her cousin Dana from assaulting or attacking that other motorist!  That motorist and his wife both claimed, it appeared as if Diane and her cousin Dana both had superhuman strength.  Did some supernatural force or evil spirit take over Dana and gave her superhuman strength too?”
“I don’t know, I have no idea.  All I know, is that no normal person can do what Diane and her cousin Dana did, dragging several people at once!”
“Well maybe Diane D and her cousin Dana aren‘t normal.  Remember those three female police officers her cousin Dana beat up and injured for life, causing one of them to lose her unborn baby and be infertile for life and causing the officer’s partner to be shot in the back, and paralyzed for life?”
“I know.  The third female officer she beat up have permanent double vision.”  
“I know man.  Isn’t that something?  She put all three of those female officers on permanent disability!”
“She sure did, and she seems to have no remorse about it.”
“No she doesn‘t seem to have any remorse about it at all.  Remember that reporter Felix Green she chased after and shot at on the highway and then allegedly shot him injuring him for life?”
“Yeah.  He was about to be on permanent disability also, until he took his own life. Both Diane and her cousin Dana be putting people out on permanent disability!  That’s why we have to be careful with these two chicks because if they catch us eavesdropping on them, then the next thing you know, is that they’ll attack us, then we’ll be injured for life and have to be on permanent disability ourselves!  I don’t want that to happen to us, so let’s be careful with those two dangerous women.  They both been in and out of Mental Institutions and I hear they’re both on medication.  I don‘t want to take any chances with them.”
“I don‘t want to take any chances with them either.  So let’s just ease outside the door and make sure they don‘t hear and catch us.”
“Okay.”  Josh and Shane quietly go around the corner.

Josh and Shane quietly tiptoe down the dimly lit back hallway of the clinic.  

Josh and Shane reach the other end of the dimly lit back hallway.  They hurry and quietly tiptoe right towards the outside of the clinic room door.  They nervously look at each other, gesturing each other to keep quiet.  They stop, then pin their ears to the door to listen through it.  They faintly hear the large sheet of paper that’s on top of the clinic table moving.  They then hear the sheet of paper being pulled then ripped.  They faintly overhear Diane D’s voice say, “Okay you can just lie down on the table here.”  Shane and Josh faintly hear a second person laying down on the sheet of paper that’s on top of the clinic table.  They then hear objects moving and clanking.  They then overhear Diane D’s voice say, “Okay, are you ready?”   Josh and Shane then faintly hear Dana’s voice say, “Yeah.  Let‘s do this.”  They then overhear Diane D’s voice say, “Okay.”  Josh and Shane do not hear anything.  Then they faintly hear the sound of the sheet of paper moving.  They then hear the paper jerk.  They overhear Dana hissing then shout, “Ah!”  Then they overhear Diane D’s voice say, “Are you okay?”  Josh and Shane do not hear Dana responding.  They then overhear Diane D’s voice say, “Try to keep still.”  They then hear the sound of the sheet of paper moving again.  They hear it jerk again.  They overhear Dana hissing again then shout, “Ah!”   Josh and Shane then hear Diane D’s voice say, “Just hang in there Dana.”   They then hear the sound of the sheet of paper moving again.  They hear it jerk again as they overhear Dana hissing again.  Josh and Shane look at each other stunned as they remain quiet outside the clinic room door shockingly looking at each other.   

Forty-five minutes later, Josh and Shane are still outside the clinic room door anxiously listening through it.  They then overhear Diane D’s voice say, “Come on.  Get dressed.”  Josh and Shane hear the sound of the sheet of paper moving again.  Then they hear Dana getting off the table and hear her feet landing on the floor.  They faintly hear the sheet of paper being pulled and ripped from off the table.  Josh and Shane quietly back away from the door.  Shane gestures for Josh to come on as they turn and hurry back down the other end of the hallway.   

Josh and Shane reach the other end of the dimly lit back hallway and quickly turn the corner.

Josh and Shane quickly lean their backs against the wall quietly out of breath.

Fifteen minutes later, Josh and Shane suddenly hear the sound of the clinic room door open from around the corner.  They then hear the clinic room door close.  They poke their heads around the corner to look.  They then hear the sound of the stairwell door open, then hear it shut.  Shane and Josh stare around the corner for several seconds.  Shane and Josh poke their heads back in the corner.  They turn their heads to each other and look at each other stunned.  Shane then whispers, “Diane and her cousin Dana just left that clinic room.”
“I know,” Josh says.  “What were they doing in there?  Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“Yeah.  Diane and her cousin Dana were trying to do the exact same thing they were suspected of doing before.”
“I know.”  Josh and Shane shockingly stare at each other.  Then they look back towards the edge of the corner and go to poke their heads back around the corner again.   

That same day on Monday afternoon, Michael and Tony are worriedly and nervously standing in the hallway of the hospital outside a hospital room leaning against a wall.  The door of the hospital room suddenly opens.  Michael and Tony anxiously turn to their right towards the door as Diane D steps out of the hospital room looking down at a towel she‘s holding.  “How is Dana Diane?” Tony anxiously asks.
“Is she okay?” Michael anxiously asks.
“She’s okay for now,” Diane D says.  “The doctor is with her.”   
“He is?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s good.”
Diane D suddenly swings her entire left arm towards Michael and angrily grabs him by the shirt then turning her head to him pushing him right against Tony, pinning Michael into Tony and Tony into the wall as she angrily says, “Listen you two, let me get something straight, okay?”  Michael and Tony nervously look at Diane D as Diane D angrily points her finger to them and says, “Dana is my cousin and I love her dearly.  I’m not going to allow you guys or any other guy near her for the time being.  I swear the next motherfucka who knocks Dana up, is gonna have to deal with me, you two got it?!”
“Yes ma‘am,” Michael says.
“We got it Diane,” Tony says.
“Good,” Diane D says.  She lets go of Michael and says, “Now I’m going to go back in there and place this towel back on Dana’s forehead.  You two wait out here.”  Diane D angrily turns around to the door and opens the door.  She walks into the room and closes the door behind herself.   Michael leans from off Tony as Tony leans from off the wall.  They worriedly and nervously look at the door.  They then turn towards each other and worriedly look at each other. 











































Chapter 25

The Beast Within Returns


It is now one hour after midnight.  Shane and Cody, another white male hospital employee with light brown shoulder length hair and a slight beard also around his late 30’s who‘s slightly taller than Shane, are pushing carts around the corner of the second floor level of the dimly lit hallway in the back area of the clinic.  They suddenly hear a stairwell door open from around the corner.  They creep to the corner and poke their heads around the corner to look.  They suddenly see Diane D walking alone in the distance way down the other end of the dimly lit back hallway with her back towards them.  They see her scratching the back of her head as she walks down the other end of the hallway.  They then see her turn and go into one of the empty clinic rooms.  They then hear the clinic room door shut.  They then hear the door lock.  Cody and Shane poke their heads back in.  They leave from the corner then look at each other as Shane whispers, “That was Diane again.  I think she’s up to something again.”
“I think so too,” Cody whispers.  “What do you think she’s up to this time?”
“I have no idea.”
“Where’s her cousin Dana?”
“I don’t think her cousin Dana came here with her this time.  I didn‘t see her.  Let’s go find out what Diane‘s up to now.”
“Okay, but we have to be careful with Diane Shane.  You know how violent and vicious she can get whenever she gets angry.  I don‘t want my private parts to be on the receiving end of her kung fu kicks, then I‘ll end up injured and laying inside this very hospital just like those security guards she attacked before.”
“I know Cody.  I don’t want my private parts to be on the receiving end of her kung fu kicks either.  I already went through this discussion about Diane and her cousin Dana seeming to have superhuman strength with Josh last night.”
“You did?”
“Yeah.”
“Where is Josh by the way?”
“He’s off tonight.  It’s his night off.”
“I see.”
“We’ll just ease outside the door like Josh and I did last night.”
“Okay.”  Cody and Shane quietly go around the corner.

Cody and Shane quietly tiptoe down the dimly lit back hallway of the clinic.  

Cody and Shane reach the other end of the dimly lit back hallway.  They hurry and quietly tiptoe right towards the outside of the clinic room door Diane D went into.  They stop and pin their ears to the door to listen through it.  They nervously look at each other, gesturing each other to keep quiet.  Then they faintly hear Diane D’s voice already talking on the phone saying, “Come on Michael.  I need you to get over here to the hospital.  Come meet me upstairs inside one of the clinic rooms.  I got the table ready for us.”  Cody and Shane shockingly look at each other.  Then they faintly hear Diane D’s voice say, “Yeah I do.  I got everything ready for you, so you should come to the hospital now.  ….  I know what I’m doing this time Michael, come to the hospital, the table is ready.  …..  You won’t come?  ….  Why not?  ….   I know what I’m doing this time, so get over here to the hospital.  ….  What?  ….  I need you to get over here to the hospital, now Michael.  ….  Look Michael, get over here now, I don’t have all night in this room.  Get over here now while no one is around.  ….  Come on Michael, get your ass over here, now!  ….  You’re still not going to come? ….. Why not? ….  But I need you here Michael!  Get your ass over here!  ….  So you still won’t come?  ….  You definitely won’t come? …. Oh it’s like that?  Fine then, stay there, have it your way!   I’m outta here!  And when I get home, I‘m going to fix your ass real good!   I‘m on my way!”  Cody and Shane hear Diane D angrily slamming her cell phone.  They quickly back away from the clinic room door.  They turn and quietly hurry back down the other end of the hallway.   

Cody and Shane reach the corner of the dimly lit back hallway and quickly turn the corner.  They quickly lean their backs against the wall quietly out of breath. They suddenly hear the sound of the clinic room door open from around the corner.  They quietly hold their breaths and look towards the edge of the dimly lit corner.  They quietly tiptoe back towards the corner and hear the clinic room door shut.  As they are about to poke their heads around the corner, suddenly, Shane accidentally bumps right into one of the carts causing the metal tray on top of it to fall and crash right to the floor making a loud noise!  Cody and Shane become shocked and frightened!  They anxiously look down at the tray as it rumbles and vibrates on the floor!  Then they anxiously look up at each other.  They nervously look towards the corner of the dimly lit hallway and remain quiet.  They do not hear anything.  They nervously look at each other again.  Then they suddenly hear slow eerie footsteps coming down the hallway from around the corner.  They hear the footsteps coming their direction!  They nervously look towards the corner of the dimly lit back hallway again.  They continue to hear the slow eerie footsteps coming down the back hallway getting closer.  Cody looks at Shane and quietly points to the stairwell door at the back end of their corner.  He quickly and quietly heads to the stairwell door as Shane quickly and quietly follows behind him.  Cody quietly opens the stairwell door and quietly hurries into the stairwell as Shane quietly hurries into the stairwell behind him!  Cody and Shane quickly and quietly close the stairwell door behind themselves!

Cody and Shane run in the dimly lit stairwell and quietly dash down the first flight of steps!  They then turn and quietly dash down the next flight of steps!

Back upstairs at the corner of the dimly lit hallway, a pair of feet in thick black sneakers stands next to the tray that has falling.  Diane D appears at the corner of the dimly lit back hallway next to the tray that has dropped puzzled looking down at the tray.  She is dressed in a short dark gray denim jacket with a short orange shirt, dark gray jeans and the thick black shoes.  She turns her head and puzzled looks up at the stairwell door.  She suspiciously looks back down at the tray.  She suspiciously looks back at the stairwell door.   She looks back down at the tray and starts to walk away towards the staircase door.  She turns her head back forward and angrily goes to the stairwell door.  She opens the stairwell door and goes right into the stairwell.

Diane D angrily enters the dimly lit stairwell.  As she is about to go down the first flight of steps, she suddenly stops right in her tracks as she looks down the flight of stairs.  She closes her eyes and almost loses her balance as if she’s about to pass out.  She quickly grabs onto the railing with one hand and takes her other hand and holds on to her forehead.  She turns her body sideways and stands there leaning her back against the stairwell wall, then turns her head and looks back towards the second floor stairwell door as she continues to hold her forehead.  She turns her head back around and looks back down the first flight of stairs.  She then turns her head back and continues to stand there leaning her back against the stairwell wall.  She then closes her eyes again and leans the back of her head against the stairwell wall as she continues to hold her forehead.  

Cody and Shane are on the first floor level of the dimly lit back hallway of the clinic area.  They desperately try to open one of the clinic room doors to hide from Diane D, but the door is locked.  They cannot open the door.  They try again.  They still cannot open the door.  They turn around and quickly go to another clinic room door on the other side of the hallway. They desperately try to open that clinic room door too, but it is locked also.  They cannot open the door.  They try again.  They still cannot open the door.  They turn around again and quickly go to a third clinic room door on the other side of the hallway.  They desperately try to open that door, but it is locked also.  They cannot open the door.  They then turn around and see a storage room door on the other side of the hallway which is slightly open.  They rush to the storage room door!  They push on the storage room door and try to get it open wider, but the storage room door does not open any further.  Cody tries to push open the storage room door harder.  It does not budge.  It remains slightly open.  “Why won’t the door open all the way?” Shane whispers.
“I don’t know,” Cody whispers.  “I think something is stuck behind it.”  Cody and Shane look through the open slit of the door.  They can see part of a tall file cabinet inside the storage room leaning against the door.  “Oh my God!” Cody whispers.  “The file cabinet fell against the door!  That’s why the door won’t open all the way!”
Shane peeks through the open slit of the door.  He backs up a little and says, “Let me give it a push.”  Shane backs up all the way to the other wall.  Then he runs right to the storage room door and tries to kick it open, but the storage room door only opens an inch further.  
Cody then backs up all the way to the other wall.  He also runs right to the storage room door and tries to kick it open also, but the storage room door only opens two more inches.  “The file cabinet is too heavy!” Cody whispers.  “It won’t budge!”  
Shane backs up all the way to the other wall again.  As he is about to run to the storage room door again, he and Cody suddenly hear the slow eerie footsteps again coming down the stairwell from around the corner.  Shane stops right in his tracks as he and Cody quickly turn their heads towards the corner and look.  “That’s her footsteps!” Shane frighteningly whispers.  Cody then looks the other direction down the other end of the hallway towards some carts and boxes.  He turns back to Shane and points towards the carts and boxes.  Cody and Shane quickly hurry down the other end of the dimly lit first floor hallway.  
Cody and Shane reach the other end of the dimly lit hallway and hurry to the carts and boxes!  They quickly and quietly go behind the carts and boxes!  They bend down to the floor and hide behind the carts and boxes.  They nervously peak through the carts and boxes and look down the other end of the hallway.  They hear the slow eerie footsteps still coming down the stairwell from around the corner.  They then hear the footsteps approaching the stairwell door.  They hear the stairwell door open, then hear it close.  They hear the slow eerie footsteps coming from the stairwell towards the corner of the other end of the hallway as they nervously continue to peek through the boxes.  They suddenly see Diane D down the other end of the dimly lit hallway coming from around the corner.  They see her stop and suspiciously look around.  Cody turns his head to Shane gesturing for Shane to remain quiet.  Cody turns his head and looks back at Diane D as he and Shane nervously continue to watch her.  They see Diane D still looking around.  They then see her look at the first clinic room door that they had went to.  They see her go to the first clinic room door.  They see her turn the door knob and anxiously try to open the clinic room door, but the door is still locked.  Diane D cannot open the door.  Cody and Shane see Diane D turn and look around again.  They then see her look right at the second clinic room door that they had went to.  They see her go right to the second clinic room door and turn the door knob anxiously trying to open that door.  It is still locked.  Diane D cannot open the door.  Cody and Shane see Diane D turn and look around again.  They then see her look at the third clinic room door that they had went to.   They see Diane D go right to the third clinic room door.  They see her turn the door knob and anxiously try to open the third clinic room door.  It is still locked.  Diane D cannot open the door.  

The storage room door suddenly closes a little and makes a squealing sound.  Diane D hears the squealing sound.  She quickly turns around and looks right at the storage room door!  Her eyes are eerily swollen, puffy and half closed with her eyeballs mostly hidden behind her very swollen, puffy eyelids having an eerie blank look in them.  She appears to be in a state of trance.  She sees the storage room door closing more.  She becomes more suspicious.  She quickly goes right to the storage room door!   She looks through the open slit of the storage room door and tries to look inside the storage room.  She then tries to push the storage room door open more further, but the storage room door does not open any further.  Diane D anxiously tries to peek through the open slit of the storage room door and tries to look inside the storage room again!  The storage room door suddenly makes another sound and closes even more!  Diane D becomes more and more suspicious!  She then becomes desperate!  She anxiously tries to peek through the open slit of the storage room door and tries to look inside the storage room again!  She desperately tries to push the storage room door open more further again, but the storage room door still does not budge.  Diane D anxiously tries to look inside the storage room again!   The storage room door closes even more, causing Diane D to become even more suspicious, frustrated and angry!   She suddenly steps back.  She steps all the way back to the other wall as she looks right at the storage room door.  Then she spreads her legs and bends down with her knees apart, getting into a kung fu position.  Then she huffs and she puffs as she continues to look right at the storage room door.  

Cody and Shane slightly tap each other’s shoulders as they puzzled and nervously watch Diane D.

Suddenly, Diane D runs right to the storage room door!  Then she leaps, spins her entire body, bends her upper body and head down in mid air, continues to spin her upper body and head lower to the floor with her left leg aiming higher and gives a high kung fu kick to the storage room door with such a loud ‘BOOM’ that the storage room door practically breaks right off its top hinges and bangs wide open hard against the file cabinet behind it as Diane D’s other foot lands on the floor!  There are loud crash sounds coming from inside the storage room as the tall file cabinet and large furniture behind it is heard falling and crashing hard to the floor!  Diane D bends her body back up as the door leans and swings closed.  Then she spins her entire body around again and kung fu kicks the storage room door wide open again with another loud ‘BOOM’ causing the storage room door to break further off its hinges making it lean further!  Diane D bends her upper body back and angrily kicks the storage room door out of her way then bends back up and goes straight into the storage room!  The light is seen coming on inside the storage room.  Diane D is then heard pounding and banging the furniture all around inside the storage room!  

Cody and Shane frighteningly stand behind the carts and boxes leaning their backs and heads against the wall in a state of shock, sweating, trembling and frozen in fear with their eyes and mouths wide opened!  They’re not able to move as Cody frighteningly whispers, “Is that the superhuman strength you and Josh were talking about last night?”
“Yep, it sure is!” Shane frighteningly whispers.
“Then what the hell are we waiting for?!  Let’s get the hell out of here before that superhuman strength finds us!  Because the next thing she kung fu kicks won’t be a door, it’ll be us!”
“I know!  We’re out of here!”  Shane and Cody quickly and frighteningly ease from behind the carts and boxes!   They start to run back towards the other end of the dimly lit first floor hallway!  They are about to run right pass the storage room!  As they are about to run pass the storage room, the banging and pounding sounds inside the storage room become louder, harder and stronger as if some supernatural force is lifting up the heavy furniture, then tossing and throwing the heavy furniture around inside the room!  Cody and Shane frighteningly stop right in their tracks!   They are frozen in fear again as they hear and feel the vibration of the loud, hard pounding and banging inside the storage room!  Cody suddenly gets his grip again and secretly runs right pass the storage room!  He quickly runs back down the other end of the dimly lit hallway!
Cody makes it back to the corner of the other end of the hallway!   He looks and notices that Shane is nowhere near him!  He stops right in his tracks and turns his head around!  He becomes shocked and stunned to see Shane still standing near the storage room with his eyes and mouth wide open still frozen in fear as they continue to hear loud, hard banging and pounding coming from inside the storage room!   Cody quickly turns back around and quietly runs right back towards Shane!
Cody runs right pass the storage room again as he continues to hear loud pounding and banging coming from inside of it!  He reaches Shane and quickly grabs Shane by the arm!  He pulls Shane forward as he turns back around and runs right pass the storage room again, pulling Shane right along with him!  Cody and Shane quickly run back down the other end of the dimly lit hallway!
Cody and Shane both make it back to the corner of the other end of the hallway and quickly turn the corner!
Cody and Shane run down the shorter hallway as Cody continues to pull Shane with him!  They see the stairwell door and quickly and quietly run right towards the stairwell door!  
Cody and Shane reach the stairwell door!  Cody quietly opens the stairwell door and hurry into the stairwell pulling Shane into the stairwell with him!  He quickly and quietly closes the stairwell door behind himself and Shane!

Cody and Shane run in the dimly lit stairwell again and quickly run right up the first flight of steps!  They then turn and quietly run right up the next flight of steps not looking back!

Fifteen minutes later, Cody and Shane are in a different building of the hospital.  They are on the 5th floor in one of the well lighted upstairs hallways where the patient rooms and receptionists’ desk are.  They are leaning against the wall sweating and out of breath as they remain in a state of shock, trembling and frozen in fear with their eyes and mouths wide opened staring into the air.
Several yards away is the receptionists’ desk where an Asian female receptionist around her mid 40‘s, an Indian female receptionist around her late 40’s and a stocky black female receptionist who’s wearing glasses and has shoulder length straight processed hair also around her late 40’s, are sitting behind the desk.  
As Cody and Shane continue to remain in a state of shock, staring into the air with their eyes and mouths open, Shane shockingly whispers, “Did you see that?  I mean, did you see, the way Diane kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open, like if she was Bruce Lee himself?!”
“I saw it, but I don‘t believe it,” Cody shockingly says.  “And that’s the exact door you and I tried to open, and we couldn’t even get it opened!  Yet Diane got that door wide open with just one kung fu kick, causing the door to knock all that furniture down that was leaning behind it!”
“She sure did!  I think that WAS the spirit of Bruce Lee, right there inside of her!”
“I think so too!  Did you hear that loud ‘boom’ when she kung fu kicked that door wide open?!”
“I didn’t just hear the loud boom, I felt the vibration of it too!”
“I felt the vibration also!  It felt and sounded like that door got banged open by a bulldozer or something!”
“It sure did!  I was so frozen in fear when I heard that and felt the vibration!   I couldn’t even move!”
“I couldn’t move either!  We both were frozen in fear when we saw, heard and felt Diane kung fu kicked that door wide open!”
“I know!  I’m still frozen in fear!”
“So am I!  You heard the way she was banging, pounding and lifting that heavy furniture around while she was inside that storage room, desperately looking for somebody, because she thought whoever caused that tray to drop was probably hiding in there?”
“Yeah I heard, I felt the vibration of it too!”
“I felt the vibration also!  It felt and sounded like as if the heavy furniture, was being lifted up, then tossed and thrown around inside the room by an angry giant or something!”
“It sure did!  I was so frozen in fear when I heard and felt that vibration!  I couldn’t move again!”
“I couldn‘t move again either!  We both were frozen in fear when we heard and felt that vibration!”
“I know!  I’m still frozen in fear by that too!”
“So am I!”
“If we were hiding inside that storage room when she busted in there, she would have definitely found us and God knows what she would have done if she had saw us in there!”  Shane then turns his head to Cody and whispers, “It‘s a good thing we didn‘t go in there!”
“It WAS a good thing we didn‘t go in there, because if we were actually hiding inside that storage room when she kung fu kicked that door wide open, all that heavy furniture, would have probably fell down on us?”  Cody then turns his head to Shane and whispers, “We could have been seriously hurt or killed!”  
“I know!  Not only that!  What if she HAD found us hiding inside that storage room and kung fu kicked us, instead of that door?!  We would have wound up seriously hurt and injured, just like those security guards and that little boy Marcus!”
“Well wasn’t I right when I told you ‘let’s get the hell out of there‘?”
“You sure was right, because I think you and I actually witnessed that supernatural force or that evil vicious entity right there inside of Diane!  I think we almost became encountered with that evil vicious entity, just like those security guards, the correction officers and that little boy Marcus did!”  Shane and Cody frighteningly look at each other.  “Did you notice that her eyes kind of appeared like they were half closed, practically having the eyes of someone who‘s in a trance?!”
“I couldn’t really tell from the distance and being that the hallway was very dim, but her eyes did appear like they were half closed!   I thought it was just me who noticed it!”
“No it wasn’t just you, I noticed it too!   All I can say, is that I would never want to come across Diane in a dark alley!”
“What’s the difference?!  We almost came across her in a dark hallway, just like that little boy Marcus did!”
“I know!  I would never want to come across her in a dark hallway or a dark alley!  With that superhuman strength she seems to possess whenever she gets angry and out of control, she can literally break a man in two, especially with her king fu kicks!”
“She ALREADY broke a few men in two, that‘s why they all ended up in the hospital!  Maybe that’s the reason why her husband refuse to show up here at the hospital when she was talking to him on the phone!  He knew what state of mine she was in and didn‘t want to get caught in it!”  Cody and Shane frighteningly stare at each other.  Cody then says, “I think we better keep our distance away from working down in that clinic hallway for now, as long as Diane is working the night shift!   I don‘t want to come encountered with that vicious entity we saw inside of her!  I don‘t even want to see it again!  Seeing what we saw downstairs in that clinic hallway, was very frightening.” 
“It was.  It gave me the shivers!”  
“It gave me the shivers too!  Now I know what that little kid Marcus went through!”  Cody and Shane frighteningly stare at each other again.  Cody then says, “Come on.  Let’s try to stay and work in this building of the hospital, away from where that She-Hulk is!”   Cody and Shane frighteningly stare at each other.  They then lean from off the wall slightly trembling.  They start to walk away.  
As Cody and Shane start to walk away, Shane looks down the end of one of the hallways.  He suddenly stops right in his tracks and frighteningly whispers, “Oh shit!”
Cody stops and nervously turns around towards Shane.  He puzzled looks at Shane and whispers, “Oh shit?  Oh shit what Shane?  What‘s the matter?”
“Don’t turn around, but I think the She-Hulk is way down the end of the hallway!”
“What!”  Cody’s eyes become wider as he shockingly asks, “Diane is down the end of the hallway?!”
“Yeah!”
“Are you serious Shane?!”
“Yeah I‘m serious!”
“What the hell, is she doing in this building in this part of the hospital, on this floor, of all places?!  I thought we escaped from her!”
“I thought so too!”
“So why is she in this part of the building, on this floor?!  She doesn‘t work up here!”
“I know she doesn‘t work up here!”
“So what is she doing up here then?!  
“I don’t know!  I’m not looking directly at her, but from the corner of my eyes, I think she’s walking and looking around!”
“Walking and looking around?”
“Yeah!  It looks like she‘s still looking for whoever caused that tray to drop!”
“Oh oh!”

Diane D is slowly coming from down the end of the 5th floor hallway with her head to the side looking around with a look of anger on her face and her fists balled with her face slightly sweaty, her eyes still eerily swollen, very puffy and half closed with her eyeballs still mostly hidden behind her very swollen, puffy eyelids still having an eerie blank look in them.  She still appears to be in a state of trance as she stops and angrily looks towards the patients’ rooms.  She slowly starts to come down the hallway again as she stares at the patients’ rooms.  

Shane frighteningly watches Diane D.  He nervously whispers, “She’s coming down the hallway coming this direction!”
“She is?!” Cody frighteningly whispers.
“Yeah!  It still looks like she’s looking around for whoever caused that tray to drop!   She looks determined to find whoever was down there!”
“My God!  What makes her think, that whoever caused that tray to drop would be up here in a different building, far from that clinic area?!   She never actually saw who was over there, she only heard something dropped over there!  By the time she got there, we were gone!   She never saw us there!”
“I know!”
“So what in the world would lead her to this building to this floor, where WE are?!”
“I don’t know!”
Cody turns his head and nervously looks towards Diane D.  

Diane D turns her head towards the other side of the hallway.  She stops as she continues to angrily look towards the patients‘ rooms with her fists balled.  She slowly walks towards the doorway and looks into the patients‘ room.  She sees an older Hispanic male patient and a younger white male patient laying in their beds sleeping with their TVs on.  The male patients do not see or notice Diane D as Diane D stands outside their room angrily looking at them.

Cody and Shane secretly watch Diane D as Cody frighteningly whispers, “She’s looking right inside the patients’ rooms!”
“I know!” Shane nervously whispers.  “I sure hope she doesn’t intend to go inside any of those patients’ room trying to look for whoever caused that tray to drop!”
“I hope not either, because she seems to have her fists balled like she‘s ready to fight whoever was down there!  Thank God all those patients’ doors are open!  That way she cannot kung fu kick and bust any of their doors open, frightening them to death!”  
“I know!”  Shane and Cody nervously continue to watch Diane D.

Diane D slowly comes down the hallway again with her fists remaining balled as she continues to angrily look at the patients‘ rooms.  She turns her head and looks towards the opposite side of the hallway towards other patients’ rooms as her eyes remain swollen, puffy and half closed.  She stops again, then slowly walks towards the doorway and looks into other patients‘ room.  She sees elderly male patients laying in their beds.  She sees a white female nurse standing over an elderly black male patient looking down at the patient taking his blood pressure.  The nurse and the male patients do not see or notice Diane D as Diane D stands outside their room angrily looking at them.

Cody and Shane nervously continue to watch Diane D.  Cody then turns to Shane and whispers, “Her eyes still appear half closed like she’s in a state of trance or something!”
“I think she IS in a state of trance!” Shane whispers.
Cody turns his head and looks back at Diane D.  He then says, “I don’t think it’s safe to have Diane walking and wandering around alone with her state of mind like that!  She might go off again and literally attack a person this time!  I think we should call security or the police!”
“Call security or police?!  For what?!  So she can attack them again and put them in the hospital like she did before?!  The next thing you‘ll know, is that they‘ll be laying right in this very same hospital, right in those very same rooms along with those other patients in there!”
“Well can’t the police tase her or something?!”
“The police have tased Diane before Cody!  And they tased her cousin Dana before too!”
“They have?!”
“Yeah!”
“So what happened?!”
“Nothing!  The Taser had no effect on either one of them!”
“It didn’t?!”
“No, they were still out of control!  Whenever they become possessed, they would get that superhuman strength and become very powerful, nothing seems to effect them!”
“Well I’m just curious about one thing!”
“What’s that?!”
“Have the police ever try to shoot any of them?!”
“Well one of those female officers DID try to shoot Dana!  But Dana wind up turning the tables and caused one of them to get shot!”
“My God!”
“Now the poor woman is paralyzed for life, thanks to Dana!”
“Oh my God!  Well what else are we gonna do?!  We can’t just stand here and have Diane wander around loose with her state of mind like that!  We got to call somebody!”  
“How about her family?!  I’ve never heard of her attacking her own family!   She only drags her family when she gets angry and out of control, but I never heard of her literally attacking them or kung fu kicking ANY of them!  I think they’re the ones we should REALLY call!  I think they should come get her!”
“I think so too!”  Cody and Shane continue to nervously watch Diane D. 

Diane D slowly starts to come down the hallway again.  She continues to angrily look towards the patients‘ rooms with her fists balled as she gets closer to the receptionists’ desk area.

Cody turns to Shane and whispers, “She’s getting closer!  I think we should leave out of here, and I mean now!”
“But if we leave as soon as she comes over here, she’s gonna get suspicious!” Shane whispers.  “We can’t draw attention to ourselves, we have to stay here!”  Shane nervously pulls out his ipod from his pants pocket and pretends to use it as he takes a quick glance at Diane D.  He then looks back down at his ipod and nervously whispers, “She’s still getting closer, so no matter what you do Cody, let’s try not to look towards her direction again!  I don’t want her to get suspicious that we’re the ones who were down there in that clinic hallway!  Just act normal because from the corner of my eyes, I can see she‘s looking at us.”
“What!  She’s looking at us?”
“Yeah.”
“You’re kidding Shane.”
“No I’m not kidding Cody, she’s looking right at us!”
“Oh oh.”
“That’s why I said just act normal and not look her way!”
“Okay.”  

Diane D slowly approaches the reception desk area as she angrily and suspiciously looks at Shane and Cody.  

Shane continues to look down at his ipod pretending to use it, trying not to act nervous.  He then looks up at Cody and says, “So Cody.  Did you get tickets for ‘The Mets’ Game this season?”
Cody also trying not to act nervous and says, “No not yet, but I’m sure planning to.”  
“I’m planning to also.  Hey.  Why don’t we try to purchase tickets on-line right now.”
“You’re gonna purchase them now?”
“Sure, why not?”  Shane looks back down at his ipod and pretends to use it again.  He secretly glances towards the receptionists’ desk and whispers, “She stopped at the receptionists’ desk.”
“She did?” Cody whispers.
“Yeah.”
“She’s at the receptionists’ desk now?” 
“Yeah.  She has her back turned towards us.”
“She does?” 
“Yeah.  She’s talking to one of the receptionists right now.”
“She’s talking to them?” 
“Yeah.”
“Okay!  So let’s break out of here!  Let’s try to leave out of here now while she’s occupied talking to the receptionist!”
“Okay.  We’ll leave one at a time.  I go first, then you leave several minutes later.”
“Leave several minutes later?”
“Yeah.”
“So you want to leave me up here alone, with that Female-Bruce Lee?!  You really want to put me in danger, don‘t you?”
“You won’t be alone Cody!  The receptionists are right there behind the desk!”
“They’re not much protection!  You really think I’m suppose to be protected and safe around THEM?!  You saw what Diane did downstairs!  Listen, if that She-Hulk can kung fu kick a door that has heavy office furniture stuck behind it wide open, the exact same door us two men couldn’t get open, if she can put three male security guards in the hospital with permanent injuries after she kung fu kicked them in the groins almost busting out their testicles, and is not effect by a Taser, and can literally drag several people all at once, and can beat the crap out of a little kid by kung fu kicking him a couple of feet in the air, and can come right off a stage and almost knock out a reporter who heckled her, then what makes you think, that I would be safe around those three female receptionists?! After witnessing what we witnessed downstairs, I don’t want to take any chances!  I don’t even want to be in the same room with Diane!  I still got the shivers from witnessing what we saw her do down there in that clinic hallway!   And I still got the shivers from being practically close to it and I hope I never witness or be close to anything like that ever again!   I’ll tell you what.  Why don‘t I go first and you stay here alone with that She-Hulk.”  
“Why don’t we both leave and get out of here, because she’s sitting behind the receptionists’ desk.”  
“What?  Diane is sitting behind the receptionists’ desk?”
“Yeah.”
“What is she doing sitting there?”
“She’s speaking on her cell phone.”
“She’s speaking on her cell phone?”
“Yeah.  I can see from the corner of my eyes, that she’s looking right at us while she‘s talking on her cell phone.”
“She‘s looking at us again?”
“Yeah.”
“Why is she looking at us?”
“I don’t know!  Just continue to act normal!”
“Okay.”  
Shane pretends to use his ipod again.

Diane D is calmly sitting behind the receptionists’ desk right next to the Indian female receptionist, quietly speaking into her cell phone looking slightly tired with her left leg slightly raised.  Her face is still slightly sweaty, her eyes are less puffy, more wide open and eyeballs much more visible.  She has her upper body leaned towards her left leg gently swaying her upper body up and down with her head tilted gently rubbing her left leg as she suspiciously looks right at Cody and Shane while she quietly speaks on her cell phone.  The black female receptionist is sitting right on the other side of the Indian female receptionist.  The Asian female receptionist is standing right behind the black female receptionist with a pen and clipboard in her hands writing something as the black female receptionist and the Indian female receptionist smile and chit-chat with each other, looking around for something on the desk.  Diane D continues to sit there next to the receptionists quietly speaking into her cell phone with her head tilted as she continues to sway her upper body back and forth, suspiciously staring right at Cody and Shane.

Shane continues to pretend using his ipod as he whispers, “She’s still looking at us.”
“She is?” Cody whispers.
“Yeah.  She keeps staring over here.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.”
“Why she keeps looking at us?  You think she’s on to us?  You think she knows that we were the ones in that clinic hallway?”
“I don’t know, I have no idea.  Either way, we have to continue to act normal.  Start talking again and just say something normal, you know, strike up a conversation again.”
“Okay.”  Cody then says, “So Shane, let’s go out for a smoke.  I want to stop by that all-night gas station market up the street and purchase a coffee and another scratch-off ticket.”
“You want to purchase another scratch-off ticket?”
“Yeah. The guy behind the counter told me that a customer won five thousand dollars last week!”
“What?  A customer won five thousand dollars from the scratch-off?!”
“That’s what the guy behind the counter told me!”
“Wow.  I think I should purchase one of those scratch-off tickets myself and play a game.  They’re only a dollar or two.  I mean, what the hell,” Shane nervously laughs.  Shane and Cody pretend to laugh as they turn and walk away.  

Diane D suddenly stops swaying as she watches Cody and Shane walking away.  She turns her chair slightly to the side as she continues to hold the cell phone to her mouth, suspiciously looking towards Cody and Shane. 

Cody and Shane stop laughing as they quickly walk down the middle of the other side of the hallway.  As they walk down the hallway, they turn their heads back a little and notice someone following them.  They become startled.  They quickly turn all the way around and see the black female receptionist coming their direction.  They stop and give a sigh of relief.  They puzzled look at the black female receptionist as Shane nervously laughs and says to her, “Hey Mildred!  What’s up?!  You startled us.”
“I did?” Mildred says.  
“You certainly did.  You‘re leaving so soon?”
“No I‘m not leaving.  I’m just going down the hall to get some aspirin for Diane.”
“You’re going to get some aspirin for Diane?”
Cody and Shane stop Mildred in her tracks as Cody whispers, “What do you mean ’you’re going to get some aspirin for Diane’?”
“Rena and I couldn’t find any aspirin on the desk for her,” Mildred says.  “So I’m going down the hallway to get the aspirin for her.”
“Oh yeah?” Shane asks.  “Why does Diane need aspirin anyway?  What’s wrong with her?”
“She claims she doesn’t feel right.”
“She claims she doesn’t feel right?  What do she mean by that?”
“Well, she said the strangest thing happened to her a little while ago and just now.”
Shane and Cody suspiciously look at each other, then back at Mildred as Shane asks, “The strangest thing happened to her a little while ago and just now?”
“That’s what she said.”
“What does she mean by that?” Cody asks.  “What did she say happened to her?” 
“She said she was downstairs passing through the clinic area, when she suddenly heard something drop in the hallway around the corner.  She said she walked down the hallway and went around the corner to investigate, to see what dropped, or to see who or whatever was over in that area.  She said when she got around the corner, she saw a tray on the floor.  She suspected someone was over there in that area, but must have went into the stairwell, so she said she went into the stairwell to find out who was in that area.  She said as soon as she was about to go down the stairs, she started feeling woozy so she stopped at the top of the stairs and started to hold her head.  Then she said she must have passed out or blacked out after that, because she said she doesn’t remember anything else right after that.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whisper.
“What does she mean ‘she must have passed out or blacked out, because she doesn’t remember anything else right after that‘?” Shane asks.  “Diane is saying, that she doesn’t remember anything right after she entered the stairwell?”
“Yeah, that‘s what she said,” Mildred says.  “She said as soon as she got in the stairwell, the next thing she knows, is that she found herself or her spirit floating around in space.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whisper.
“Diane said she found herself or her spirit floating around in space as soon as she got in the stairwell?!” Cody anxiously asks.
“That’s what she said,” Mildred says.  “She said after she found herself or her spirit floating around in space, the next thing she knows, is that she found herself back inside her physical body, standing right at the receptionists’ desk wondering what the heck she’s doing up here at the receptionists’ desk and wondering how the heck she got there.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whisper. 
“Diane said she found herself or her spirit floating around in space, then the next thing she knows, is that she found herself back inside her physical body, standing right at the receptionists’ desk wondering what she’s doing up here at the receptionists’ desk and wondering how she got there?!” Shane asks.
“That’s what she said,” Mildred says.  “She said she doesn’t know how her physical body got from the stairwell of the clinic area, to up here at the receptionists’ desk.”
“What!” Shane and Cody whisper.  
“She doesn’t know how her physical body got from the stairwell of the clinic area to up here at the receptionists’ desk?!” Shane asks.
“That’s what she said,” Mildred says.  
“Wait a minute now!” Cody shouts.  “Now what I’m hearing, is that Diane was in the clinic area hallway and she heard something drop around the corner.  She went around the corner of the hallway to investigate and saw a tray on the floor.  She was about to look for whatever or whoever caused that tray to fall, so she went into the stairwell, then when she was about to go down the stairs, the next thing she knows, is that she’s floating around in space, after that, she found herself back inside her physical body standing right at the receptionists’ desk and she doesn’t know why she’s up here and don’t know how her physical body got up here?!”
“That’s what she said.  She thinks she might have been sleepwalking or something like that.”
“Sleepwalking?!” Cody and Shane whispers.  
“Diane thinks she might have been sleepwalking?!” Shane asks.
“That‘s what she thinks,” Mildred says, “because she says how else would she have gotten from the stairwell of the clinic area to this building up here at the receptionists‘ desk and not remember it.”
“Oh my God!” Cody whispers.  “So in other words, Diane doesn’t remember going down to the lower level of the clinic area?!” 
“She never mentioned about being on the lower level of the clinic area.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whispers.
“She never?!” Cody asks.
“No,” Mildred says.  “She said she doesn’t even remember going down the stairs.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whispers.
“Diane doesn’t remember going down the stairs?!” Shane asks.
“No,” Mildred says.  “She remembers going into the stairwell and being at the top of the stairs, but said she doesn’t remember going down the stairs.”
“She doesn’t remember going down the stairs at all?!” Cody asks.
“No, because she said when she was about to go down the stairs, that’s when she suddenly felt like she was about to pass out or black out.  She said the top of the stairs on the second floor level of the clinic area was the last place she saw herself when she felt like she was about to pass out, then found herself floating around in space, then found herself up here on this floor standing right at the receptionists‘ desk.  She said she doesn’t even know why that happened to her.”
“She doesn’t know why that happened to her?”
“No.  She said it just happened out of the blue.”
“Happened out of the blue?  Is she saying she had no control over finding her soul or spirit floating around in space?”
“Yeah she said she had no control over it.  She said it happened just like that?”
“Happened just like that?!”
“Yeah.  She asked me how long was she standing at the receptionist desk.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whisper.
“She asked you how long was she at the receptionists’ desk?!” Shane asks.
“Yeah,” Mildred says.
“You mean she doesn’t know how long she was standing there?!” Cody asks.
“I guess not, because she said when she entered the stairwell then found herself or her spirit floating around in space, she said it seemed like only a minute went by then she found herself standing in the receptionists’ area.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whisper.
“She said it seemed like only a minute went by from the time she entered the stairwell of the clinic area to the time she found herself standing in the receptionists‘ area?!” Shane asks.
“Yeah,” Mildred says. “She said while she was floating around in space, you two suddenly came right into her vision.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whisper.
“She said while she was floating around in space, us two suddenly came into her vision?!” Shane says.
“Yeah,” Mildred says.  “Then she said she turned and saw me, then realize she was at the receptionists’ desk area on this floor.”
“What!” Cody and Shane shout.
“She saw you after she saw us, then realize she was at the receptionists’ desk area on this floor?!” Shane asks.
“Yeah,” Mildred says.  “That’s when she asked me how long was she standing there and wondered how she got there.”
“Oh my God!”
“She said she felt kind of dizzy and tired and don’t know why she feels dizzy and tired.”
“She feels dizzy and tired?”
“Yeah.  She said she feels pain in her legs and feet too.”
“She feels pain in her legs and feet?”
“Yeah.  Especially her left leg and foot.”
“Her left leg and foot?”
“That‘s what she said.  She said she doesn’t know why she feels pain in her left leg and foot and don’t know why she feels dizzy and tired when she felt absolutely fine earlier.  She says it seems like this pain in her left leg and foot and this dizziness and tiredness she has came right out of no where.  She claims she started to feel the pain in her left leg and foot and the dizziness and tiredness when she found herself back in her physical body standing at the receptionists‘ desk.  That’s why she was limping when she came around the receptionists’ desk to sit down.”
“Diane was limping when she came around the receptionists’ desk?” Cody shockingly asks.
“Yeah.”
“That’s strange, because when Shane and I first saw Diane coming from down the end of the hallway where the patients‘ rooms are, she wasn’t limping!”
“She wasn’t?”
“No!  She wasn’t limping at all, she was just walking slow!”
“She was walking slow?”
“Yes!”
“She was probably walking slow because she felt dizzy and tired and her leg and foot were in pain.  That’s why she wants an aspirin right now.  I told her ‘why don’t she sit down and get off her feet’ while Rena and I look around the desk for the aspirin.”
“That’s why she’s sitting there behind the reception desk?”
“Yeah.”
“My God.  What would make a person suddenly feel pain in their leg or foot?”
“I don’t know.  They could have probably hurt or injured themselves and not realize it.”
“Hurt or injured themselves and not realize it?”
“Yeah.”
“Cody and Shane suspiciously look at each other.  Cody then asks, “What would make a person, suddenly become dizzy or tired?” 
“Well, lots of things can make a person suddenly become dizzy or tired.  I know turning and spinning the body around real fast is one of the things that can make a person suddenly become dizzy.”
“Turning and spinning the body around real fast?” 
“Yeah.”
Cody and Shane suspiciously look at each other again, getting flashbacks of Diane D spinning her entire body around kung fu kicking the storage room door.  Cody nervously says, “Well maybe that’s what happened!   Maybe Diane was spinning her entire body around real fast and hurt her leg and foot in the process, that‘s probably why her leg and foot are in pain and she feels dizzy and tired!”
“I asked her did she do something like that, and she said to me ‘why in the world would she be spinning her entire body around real fast inside the hospital‘?  She asked what would be the reason?”  Cody and Shane suspiciously look at each other.  Mildred then says, “Diane says she does ballet and acrobatic stunts in some of her performances when she performs on stage, and said that’s the only time and place, she would be spinning her entire body around.  She said she wasn‘t doing any performance stunts tonight, because she was here in this hospital working, so she said she would have no reason in the world to be spinning her entire body around.  She said she also spins her entire body around when she practices her kung fu moves.”
“What!” Cody and Shane whisper.  
“She says she spins her entire body around when she practices her kung fu moves?!” Cody asks.
“Yeah,” Mildred says, “but said she would have no reason to be doing kung fu moves here inside the hospital.  She said most likely, something else caused her to feel dizzy and feel pain in her left leg and foot.”
“Oh yeah?  Something like what?”
“She said she doesn’t know.  She said she was wondering if something could have happened to her physical body while she was sleepwalking.”
“She doesn’t remember doing any kung fu moves or kicks at all?!”
“No.  She said the last time she did any kung fu moves or kicks at all was two weeks ago inside her grandparents’ basement.  She says that‘s where she usually practices her kung fu moves at, but says she has no reason in the world to perform or do any kung fu moves or techniques here inside the hospital unless she did it in her sleep while she was sleepwalking and didn‘t realize it.”  Cody and Shane suspiciously look at each other again.  Mildred then says, “Well, I better go get the aspirin for Diane, because she‘s sitting there waiting for it.”
“Okay,” Cody says.  “By the way Mildred, who was Diane speaking to on her cell phone?  Do you know who’s she was talking to?”
“No I don’t.  She was talking on her cell phone very low, I couldn’t really hear who she was talking to.”
“You couldn’t?”
“No.  I didn‘t want to appear nosy.”
“I see.”
“Well, I’m going to get the aspirin for her now.”
“Okay Mildred.  See you later.”
“Okay.”  Mildred turns and walks away down the hallway.
Cody and Shane shockingly stare at Mildred.  Then they turn their heads and look back towards the edge of the hallway that lead back to where the receptionists’ desk area is.  They turn their heads the other way and continue to walk down the hallway shocked and stunned.  

Cody and Shane reach the end of the other side of the hallway.  They stop and turn their heads and look back towards the receptionists’ desk area is again.  They do not see anyone coming.  Then they anxiously look at each other as Shane frighteningly whispers, “My God, did you hear that?!  Diane doesn’t remember anything right after she entered the stairwell!  She claims after she entered the stairwell, she felt like she was about to pass out, then found herself or her spirit floating around in space, then the next thing she knows, is that she is standing right at the receptionists’ desk wondering what she’s doing up here and wondering how she got there, and she doesn’t even know or remember how she got up on this floor!  You know what that means?  That means she has no memory of going down the staircase when we heard her foot steps coming!  That means, she has no memory of being on the first floor level of that clinic hallway at all!  And that means, she has no memory of going from clinic room door to clinic room door trying to open each door!  And it also means, she has no memory of going right to the storage room and door kung fu kicking that storage room door wide open, knocking everything down in there looking for somebody!”
“I know!” Cody frighteningly whispers.  “If she doesn’t remember doing any of that stuff, but remembers herself or her spirit floating around in space at that exact same moment, that means she was probably dreaming and her physical body WAS sleepwalking, just like she thinks!”
“But Cody, how can Diane just fall asleep like that as soon as she is about to go down the stairs?!”
“I don‘t know!  Unless, her soul or spirit had actually left her physical body as soon as she entered the stairwell!  If her soul or spirit had actually left her physical body as soon as she entered the stairwell, that means, that this other personality or evil vicious entity we’ve been hearing about probably entered her physical body at that very same moment!”
“I think that‘s what happened!   So when we were on the first floor level of the clinic hallway trying to find a place to hide, then heard Diane’s footsteps slowly coming down the staircase and she doesn‘t remember going down the stairs, that means, it was that other personality or vicious entity we’ve been hearing about inside her body coming down the stairs?!” Cody and Shane frighteningly look at each other.  “That means, when we were hiding behind the boxes and carts and we heard her footsteps coming from the staircase coming around the corner, it was that other personality or vicious entity’s footsteps coming from the staircase coming around the corner!   It also means, it was that other personality or evil vicious entity we saw going from clinic room door to clinic room door trying to open each door!  That means, it was that other personality or evil vicious entity that went right to that storage room door and kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open, knocking everything down in that room!”  Cody and Shane frighteningly stare at each other.  
“Shane, I think that little boy Marcus and his family’s suspicions of Diane being possessed by some evil vicious entity are right!  I think she’s possessed!  And I think you and I actually witnessed the possession of her right down there in that clinic hallway!  My God!  No wonder why she was so powerful and was able to kung fu kick that storage room door wide open, because it wasn‘t her soul or spirit inside her body at that moment!  It was the soul or spirit of that evil vicious entity inside her body!”
“Oh my God!”  
“They do say, that people who are possessed become very, very strong and get superhuman strength!  Well we just witnessed that superhuman strength with our very own eyes!  We saw the way she kung fu kicked that storage room door!  That little boy Marcus did claim, that Diane had superhuman strength when she kung fu kicked him a couple of feet in the air as if he was a football or something!  That little boy Marcus also claimed, he felt the vibration of the stairwell when Diane kung fu kicked the stairwell door when she was about to go down the stairwell after him!  Well you and I felt the vibration too when she kung fu kicked that storage room door!  Those correction officers claimed they felt the vibration when Diane kept throwing and slamming her own body right against the cell door!  That little boy Marcus also claimed, he heard a loud ‘boom’ which sounded like a bulldozer when Diane kung fu kicked the stairwell door!  Well we also heard the loud ‘boom’ which sounded like a bulldozer when she kung fu kicked that storage room door!  We experienced exactly what that little boy Marcus and those correction officers experienced, the only difference is, Diane didn’t get to beat the crap out of us like she did that little boy Marcus, those security guards and those police officers, but believe me, she would have definitely beat the crap out of both of us with that superhuman strength, if she had found us hiding inside that storage room!”
“Oh my God!  So far, she doesn’t even know that she kung fu kicked that storage room door!”
“Most likely, she doesn’t know!  If she gets up from behind the receptionists’ desk and goes down to that lower level of the clinic hallway right now and see that storage room door busted wide open like that, she’s going to wonder what the heck happened to it!   She would have no idea in the world, that she’s the one who did it?!   She is totally unaware of what she did!”
“Oh my God.”
“She would have no idea at all, unless we tell her about it, because we‘re the ones who actually witnessed it!”
“My God!  So after Diane found herself or spirit floating around in space, her original soul or spirit came back into her physical body while her physical body was already on this floor standing at the receptionists‘ desk!  That’s why she doesn‘t know or remember how she got on this floor to the receptionists‘ desk area because her physical body was already there!   If her physical body was already at the receptionists‘ desk, that means, that the other personality and vicious entity left Diane’s physical body after her physical body came to the receptionists‘ desk!   That means, it was that other personality or vicious entity who came on this floor!”
“Oh no!”
“That means, it was that other personality or evil vicious entity who was walking down the other end of the hallway looking into the patients’ rooms!”
“Oh my God!”
“That means, it was that other personality or vicious entity who came right to the receptionists‘ desk area looking right at us!”
“Oh no!”
“We actually encountered that other personality or evil vicious entity we’ve been hearing about!  We sort of met that other personality or evil vicious entity face to face!”  Cody and Shane frighteningly stare at each other.  
“My God!” Cody whispers.  “No wonder why Diane wasn’t limping when we saw her coming from down the other end of the hallway looking inside the patients‘ rooms!  It was that other personality or evil vicious entity inside her body coming down the hallway, and that other personality or evil vicious entity does not feel pain!  That’s probably why Diane WAS limping by the time she went to sit down behind the receptionist’ desk, because her original soul or spirit that DOES feel pain had come back into her physical body by then!”
“Oh my God!”
“That’s probably why Diane was looking at us suspiciously when you said she was standing at the receptionists‘ desk area.  She didn’t know where she was at first!  She was probably wondering where she was until she turned her head and saw Mildred!”
“If she was wondering where she was, then why did she keep staring at us the whole time while she was sitting behind that receptionist desk talking on her cell phone?!  She hardly took her eyes off us!”
“She didn’t?”
“No!”
“Maybe we happen to still be right in her view, that’s why she was probably looking at us!”
“Cody, Diane had a suspicious look on her face while she was staring at us and talking on her cell phone at the same time!  I know a suspicious look when I see one!  If that other personality or evil vicious entity was the one that came up on this floor when we first saw Diane walking and looking around at the end of the hallway, looking inside the patients‘ rooms, why did it wind up in this building on this floor, out of all places of the hospital?!  The floor where we are!  It’s strange out of all places in this entire big hospital, Diane came right in this building on this floor then walked right down here, then came right to this area where we are and just looked right at us!  And when she went to sit down behind the receptionists’ desk, she hardly took her eyes off of us!  She kept her eyes on us the whole time she was sitting behind that desk!  Does she know that we’re the ones who were down there in that clinic hallway?!”
“Diane never saw who was in that clinic hallway Shane!  There is no way, for her to know, that it was us in that hallway!  We were gone by the time she got there!”
“Are you sure she didn’t somehow track our scent when she came in that area, and that scent lead her right to the receptionists’ desk area, where we were and she winds up suspiciously staring at us?”
“Shane, Diane is not a dog.  She’s not able to track our scent!”
“Then what lead her to the receptionists’ desk area where we were and she winds up staring at us if she never saw who was down there in that clinic hallway?!  Now I’m sure Diane remembers talking to her husband on the phone inside that clinic room, then leaving that clinic room, then hearing something drop around the corner of the hallway, then going to investigate to see what it was, then saw the tray on the floor wondering who or what was over there, then going into the stairwell to try to look for who or whatever it was that cause the try to fall!  She remembers everything up to that point!  She’s still probably wondering, who the hell was in that clinic hallway and caused the tray to fall and she’s probably wondering, if whoever was in that clinic hallway overheard her conversation inside that clinic room, that’s probably why she kept staring at us while she was sitting behind the receptionists’ desk!  She was probably wondering, if we were the ones who caused that tray to fall and probably wondering, if we heard her conversation inside that clinic room!  It’s kind of strange that I accidentally bumped right into that cart and caused the tray to fall and drop on the floor, making a loud sound like that attracting Diane’s attention!  Because when we first ran back around the corner after we overheard her speaking to her husband on the phone, the cart was on the side right against the wall!  That corner of the hallway was clear nothing was in the way!  As soon as we hear Diane leave that clinic office and we go to peak back around the corner, I suddenly bump right into the cart causing the tray to fall making a loud noise?!   I don’t remember seeing that cart in the middle of the hallway when we tried to peak back around the corner!”
“Yeah you’re right!  I don‘t remember seeing that cart in the middle of the hallway either!  I remember it being against the wall also when we came back around the corner and when we tried to peak back around the corner!  It was no where next to us!  It was further away from us!  When you accidentally bumped into the cart, I was thinking the exact same thing ‘how did the cart suddenly be next to us, causing you to bump right into it and make that tray fall when it wasn‘t in that spot before!”
“I know!  It was like that cart mysteriously appeared next to me on its own, causing me to bump right into it, causing me to knock the tray down and crash on the floor making a loud noise so Diane can hear it, attracting her attention so she can know someone was over there!  It was like some unknown force was giving us away to her!   It seems like when Diane entered the stairwell and was about to go down the stairs to look for whoever caused that tray to drop, that‘s when, the other soul, spirit or personality or evil vicious entity came to her body, pulled her soul or spirit out of her physical body without her control, put her soul or spirit out into space, then entered her physical body and took over, continuing where she left off to look for whoever caused that tray to drop!”
“Oh no!”
“Then it seems like once this other personality or evil vicious entity went to the lower level of the clinic area and continued to look around for whoever caused that tray to drop, then came on this floor, then went to the receptionists’ desk area, then saw and found who was REALLY down there in that clinic area, it seems like it focused and stared right at its target!  It seems like once this other personality or evil vicious entity found its target, then focused and stared at its target, that’s when it left Diane’s physical body and Diane’s original soul and spirit comes back and she continues to stare right at us where that other personality or evil vicious entity left off!”  
“Oh my God!”
“That‘s why we were the first ones who came into Diane’s vision after she entered back into her physical body because it was that other personality or evil vicious entity staring and focusing right on us just before it left Diane’s physical  body and we wind up being the first things Diane sees when her original soul or spirit enters back into her physical body!  Then she turns her head and sees Mildred, telling Mildred about her strange experience in the stairwell and in space then wonders how long was she standing there at the receptionists’ desk and wonders how she got up here on this floor then goes and limps behind the receptionists’ desk and sits down and continues to stare at us while she‘s on her cell phone!  Did this other personality or evil vicious entity somehow lead Diane right to us?!  Did it give Diane a clue that we were the ones who were down there in that clinic hallway and might have overheard her conversation inside that clinic room!  Is that other personality or evil vicious entity somehow looking out for her?!”  Shane and Cody frighteningly look at each other.  Shane then says, “Cody, what you and I experienced down in that clinic hallway was terrifying, seeing that superhuman strength and power that Diane had and she remembers none of it!   Seeing what we saw down in that clinic hallway is something that is going to haunt me for the rest of my life!”
“It’s going to haunt me for the rest of my life too Shane!  After what we witnessed down in that clinic hallway, I don‘t know if I want to continue to work here in this hospital as long as Diane is working here, knowing that she can be possessed at any giving moment and have no control over it!  Then seeing the intense power and strength she has whenever she becomes possessed by this vicious entity then not remember it?!  It’s very frightening!  I feel that she is a ticking time bomb and a danger to the rest of the employees in this hospital!”
“I feel that way too!  I don’t know if I want to continue to work here in this hospital either as long as she is working here!  Just seeing or looking at Diane is going to haunt me for the rest of my life!”
“That’s exactly what that little boy Marcus said.  I feel the exact way you and he feel.  Just seeing or looking at Diane is going to haunt me forever too!  Seeing or being in that clinic hallway again is going to haunt me forever!”
“Seeing or being in that clinic hallway again is going to haunt me forever too!  Cody, you, I and Josh are going to have to tell someone what we learned about Diane, her husband, her cousin Dana and what we witnessed down there in that clinic hallway!”
“Shane, if we tell somebody and word gets around about Diane, her husband, her cousin Dana and what we witnessed down in the clinic hallway, then Diane is definitely going to know that it was us in that clinic hallway!  She’s going to know that we’re probably the ones who caused that tray to drop!”  
“Cody, I have a strange feeling, that she already knows it’s us!  Why else would she come exactly to this floor where we are and stare at us so hard, especially while she was sitting behind that receptionists‘ desk?!  I didn’t see her staring at Mildred or the other two receptionists and she was sitting right next to them!  It was like she completely ignored them and only focused on us!   After experiencing what we saw in that clinic hallway and going through all of this, now I‘m sorry that we ever eavesdropped on her conversation!  I think that other personality or evil vicious entity or some unknown force is really making us pay for eavesdropping on Diane‘s conversation!”  Shane and Cody frighteningly look at each other again.  They then turn their heads and see Mildred coming back towards their direction with some aspirin and a cup of water.  Shane then says, “Hey Mildred.  Did you get the aspirin for Diane?”
“Yeah I have it right here with some water,” Mildred stops and says.  “I’m going to bring it to her right now.”
“Okay.  By the way Mildred, what time do you get off?”
“I won’t be off until six o’clock in the morning.”
“Six o’clock in the morning?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay.  See you later.  I don’t want to hold you up from giving the aspirin to Diane.”
“Okay.”  Mildred turns and leaves as Shane and Cody stare at her still remaining in a state of shock.  

Several hours went by.  The night has turned into morning.  It is now 8:00am.  Cody and Shane are back in the other building on the main floor of the hospital with their jackets on.  They are about to leave the hospital still in a state of shock.  They head towards the main exit when they suddenly hear a loud commotion.  They turn their heads to the left and look.  They see a heavy crowd of people, hospital employees and the police in the clinic area.  They become puzzled.  “Oh oh,” Cody says.  “There goes the police!  I have a strange feeling, that they already discovered that storage room!”
“I have that strange feeling also,” Shane says.  “Hey.  There goes Mildred.  She’s still here.  Let’s go ask her what’s going on.”
“Okay.”  Cody and Shane start to walk towards the crowd.

Cody and Shane approach Mildred as Cody says, “Hey Mildred.”  Mildred, who’s now wearing her jacket, turns to Cody and Shane as Cody says, “We thought you were leaving at six o’clock.  It’s eight o’clock now.  You’re still here.”
“I was about to leave at six o’clock until I ran into this commotion,” Mildred worriedly says.
“Well what happened?” Shane asks.  
“The storage room in the back hallway of the clinic area was found vandalized!”
“What?  The storage room in the back hallway of the clinic area was found vandalized?”
“Yeah.  Someone busted the storage room door wide open last night and knocked all that furniture down inside the room!”
“Someone busted the storage room door wide open last night and knocked all that furniture down inside the room?!”
“Yeah!  The police said it’s file cabinets, office furniture and papers knocked down upside down all over the place!”
“Did you say upside down?”
“That‘s what the police said!  I didn‘t see it!”
“Oh my God,” Cody says.  “Do they have any idea who did it?”
“No they have no idea!  Nobody knows who did it!  But whoever busted that storage room door opened practically knocked the door right off its hinges!”
“What!” Cody and Shane shout.
“The storage room door was knocked right off its hinges?!” Cody shockingly asks.
“That‘s what the police said!”
“Did you see the door?!”
“No I didn’t!  I couldn’t see anything!  The police are not letting anybody back there!”
“They’re not?!”
“No!  All these patients here have clinic appointments this morning!  Now their appointments might have to be delayed or postponed until the police investigate what might have happened to that storage room door and to the storage room!”
“Oh my God!  Is Diane still here?!”
“No Diane left hours ago.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.  She still wasn’t feeling too well with the pain all in her legs and feet so she went home around four o’clock this morning.”
“She did?”
“Yeah.”
“Does she know about this?”
“I don’t think so.  Why?”
“Because it’s something about Diane, her husband, her cousin Dana and the storage room that we think you and the police should know about.”
“Something about Diane, her husband, her cousin Dana and the storage room that you think I and the police should know about?”
“Yeah,” Shane says.
“Well what is it?  What does Diane have to do with the storage room?  What is it about Diane, her husband, her cousin Dana and the storage room that you think I and the police should know about?”  Mildred puzzled looks at Shane and Cody as they frighteningly look at each other, then back at her.

Police are standing in the back hallway of the clinic area right at the storage room door looking at the broken door hinges.  A white male police officer turns to a male hospital staff member and says, “And this storage room was found vandalized!”
“That’s right,” the male hospital staff member says.  
“Well obviously someone was desperate enough to get in here to practically knock the door right off its hinges!  I mean, look at it!  The door is all bent and everything!  This is absurd!”  The police officer, the male staff member and other officers continue to look at the broken hinges near the top and middle of the storage room door.  They then head into the storage room.

Inside the storage room are other officers, tall file cabinets, office furniture and papers knocked down crooked and upside down all over the storage room.  The officer then says, “My God, this looks like a war zone or tornado!  Did a war zone or tornado went on in here last night?!”
“I don’t know what’s going on officers!” the male staff member says.  “Obviously someone broke in here last night during closing hours!  Who did it and why they did it, I’m just as clueless as you are!”  The hospital staff member and the police continue to look around at the damage storage room and at the damaged furniture.

The following day, media is all outside the hospital with news reporters talking to staff members.

Inside the back hallway of the clinic area are police, reporters and photographers taking pictures of the storage room door.  A male white police officer puzzled says to Mildred, “And the two eye witnesses Cody and Shane claimed, to have seen Diane D kung fu kick this storage room door wide open, doing damage to it like that, then did damage inside the storage room?!”
“That‘s what they claim!” a shocked and frightened Mildred says.
“And they claim that Diane D doesn’t appear to remember or realize what she had done?”
“That’s right!  They said by what I told them Diane was telling me, about herself being on the second floor level in the back hallway of the clinic area, then heard something drop around the corner, then went around the corner to find out what it was, then went into the stairwell and was about to go down the stairs to look for whoever caused the tray to drop, then said she found herself floating around in space, then found herself standing at the receptionists’ desk next to me, that she appears to have no memory of what she had done!”
“She didn’t appear to realize what she done when she spoke with you at the receptionists’ desk that morning?”
“No, she didn’t say or mention anything about the storage room door or the storage room at all!  She just mention about being on the second level in the back hallway of the clinic area, then in the stairwell, then at the receptionists‘ desk area, and that was it!   She never once mentioned about going down the stairs and going to the first floor level, being on this floor or kung fu kicking this door!”
“She never?”
“Never!  It’s like she didn’t realize she was ever down here!”
“Wow.  What was Diane D’s state of mind like when she spoke to you that morning?  How did she seem to you when you first saw her and she spoke with you?”
“Her state of mind appeared normal.”
“It did?”
“Yeah!  She just appeared like she was kind of tired and worn out when I saw her and she told me she wasn’t feeling right!”
“Tired and worn out?”
“Yes!”
“I see.  And the two eye witnesses, Shane and Cody, who saw Diane D kung fu kick this storage room door wide open, claim that they were hiding right down there at the end of the hallway behind the carts and boxes when they frighteningly witnessed what Diane D did?”
“Yes!”
“Where are they now?  We need to talk to them.”
“They’re home right now!  They don’t work until the night shift!  They’re still shocked and afraid by what they saw Diane did!  They claim they’ve never seen anything like that before in their life!  They’re so afraid that they claim they’re not gonna come into work tonight!”
“They’re not?”
“No!  They claim they don’t want to work here anymore!”
“What?  They don’t want to work here anymore?”
“No!  They claim the memory of seeing Diane possessed is something that they’ll never forget!”
“Seeing Diane D possessed?”
“Yes!”
“Wow!  I would be afraid to see or be near something like that too!  Well where is the other witness, Ryan, who overheard Diane D and her husband‘s conversation inside the clinic room, and the other witness, Josh, who overheard Diane D and her cousin Dana‘s conversation inside the clinic room?  We need to talk to them too.”
“They’re sort of afraid also, hearing about all of this!  Ryan works the day shift, but I don’t think he wanted to come in here today, after hearing about all of this and Josh works the night shift too!”
“He does?”
“Yes!”
“I see.”  The officer puzzled looks at Mildred and asks, “Are you okay Ma‘am?  You seem kind of shaky.”  
“Of course I‘m shaky!  I’m scared, seeing this kind of damage done to the storage room door and to the storage room!  Knowing that I came close to that other personality of Diane’s while she was standing right next to me at the receptionists‘ desk, and I didn‘t even know!  Then she sat right next to me and the other two receptionists behind the receptionists’ desk and we didn’t even know that we were this close to that other personality?!”
“What other personality?”
“That other personality everyone’s heard about!”
“You mean the evil vicious personality?”
“Yes, that one!  The one everybody’s heard about that be viciously attacking people!  The one that viciously attacked that helpless little boy inside a school hallway!  What if that other personality had attacked ME that morning, huh?!  That other personality could have easily kung fu kicked ME, or the other two receptionists as well while Diane was standing at the receptionists’ desk, then came and sat down behind the receptionists’ desk and was sitting right next to us!  That other personality could have attacked anybody on the fifth floor or anybody else in the hospital that night or that morning!  It’s very scary!  When Cody and Shane first told me yesterday about what happened with Diane and this storage room door, I got so angry at them for not warning me or anybody else in the hospital about it, especially after witnessing what Diane did here!”
“Did they say why they didn’t warn anybody when they first witnessed what Diane D did?”
“They said they were afraid that if they tell someone, word will get back to Diane that it was them in the clinic hallway, and they didn’t want her to know it was them that was in the clinic hallway who caused that tray to drop!  They were afraid that Diane will probably think, that they might have overheard her conversation inside the clinic room!”
“I see.  Well did anybody get hurt that morning besides the storage room door and the storage room?”
“Not that I know of!  Thank God no one got hurt, but it’s still very scary, knowing that I was right next to that other personality of hers!  It‘s scary to know that I practically came face to face with that vicious personality, who could have easily attacked me right there!  It‘s not that I‘m against Diane personally, I have no problem with her!  It‘s that evil vicious personality that I‘m afraid of that can come take over Diane at any given moment!”  Mildred frighteningly places both of her hands on the sides of her head as the police officer worriedly looks at her.  Mildred and the police officer turn their heads as they, the reporters and the hospital staff members continue to look at the damaged storage room door and the damaged storage room.



















































Chapter 26

Diane D Gets Arrested At Hospital Where She Works!


The following day on Wednesday afternoon, several hospital staff members are working in the hospital emergency room.  They suddenly hear a loud commotion coming from outside.   They turn and hurry to the exit!

The hospital employees leave the building and hurry down the corner.  They become shocked and stunned to see Diane D backing away from two white male police officers with her hands up to them saying to them, “Just hold on.  I‘m just going to get my stuff.  I‘ll be right back.”  Diane D suddenly turns around and starts to run from the officers as the officers chase after her!  The police officers quickly reach out for Diane D!   Diane D trips and falls face down to the ground as she turns her head towards the police officers!  The two officers quickly get on the ground to Diane D and grab her by the arms placing both of her hands behind her back with her legs and feet spread apart!   Diane D struggles as the officers try to slap handcuffs on her!  The hospital employees hurry to the commotion!  They become hysterical as they surround Diane D and the officers shouting, “What happened?!  What‘s going on?!”
“Stand back everybody!” one of the officers shout. Everybody backs away a little as Diane D remains on the ground in handcuffs jerking and struggling as her face is away from the crowd.
“Diane are you okay?!” the hospital employees shout.  “What happened?!”
Diane D then becomes motionless on the ground as her hands remain behind her back and legs and feet spread apart.

The following Thursday morning, a black gentleman around his 60’s and his wife also around her 60’s are sitting at their breakfast table eating.  The man is looking at a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D, THE FEMALE BRUCE LEE?!  DIANE D ARRESTED AT HOSPITAL WHERE TWO MALE HOSPITAL EMPLOYEES FRIGHTENINGLY WITNESS HER SPIN HER ENTIRE BODY AROUND AND KUNG FU KICK A STUCK STORAGE ROOM DOOR WIDE OPEN!  He then says, “My God, did you see this article, about Diane D, kung fu kicking a storage room door wide open inside a hospital where she works?!”
“What?” the man’s wife says.  She gets up from her chair and goes to her husband, looking over his shoulder at the article.  “What happened?!” she anxiously asks.
“It says two male hospital employees who work the night shift inside the hospital where Diane D works at witnessed her kung fu kick a stuck storage room door wide open inside the back hallway of the clinic area!”
“What!  Two male hospital employees who work the night shift witnessed Diane D kung fu kick a stuck storage room door wide open inside the back hallway of the clinic area?”  
“Yeah!”
“Oh my God!  And Diane D works at the same hospital we go to for our clinic appointments, right?!”
“Yeah!”
“Oh my God!  How did the two employees witness her kung fu kick a door?!”
“They were bending down hiding at the end of the hallway in the back area of the clinic!”
“Bending down hiding at the end of the hallway in the back area of the clinic?”
“Yeah!”
“Why were they bending down hiding?”
“They were hiding from Diane D so she won’t see them!”
“Hiding from Diane D?”
“Yeah.”
“Why were they hiding from her in the first place?”
“I don’t know.”
“Why did she king fu kick a storage room door wide open in the first place?”
“They claim she was looking for somebody and thought whoever the person is, was hiding inside the storage room when she heard then saw the storage room door move, then they said she tried to open the storage room door more.  When she couldn’t get it opened more, the next thing they know, is that she backed up, ran straight to the storage room door, jump, spun her entire body around and kung fu kicked the storage room door wide open knocking everything down inside that room, then kicked the door again and busted in the storage room and started looking for whoever could have been hiding in there!”
“What?  She ran to the storage room door, then jumped and spun her body around then kung fu kicked the door and knocked everything down that was inside the room?!”
“That’s what this article says!  The two eye witnesses claim that Diane D did a turn-around side kick when she kung fu kicked that door wide open!”
“A turn around side kick?”
“Yeah.  Do you know how dangerous a turn-around side kick is?!”
“No.  How dangerous is it?”
“It’s very dangerous!  It’s those dangerous kicks that Bruce Lee used to do!”
“Dangerous kicks that Bruce Lee used to do?!”
“Yeah!  And now Diane D‘s doing it!”
“Oh my God!”
“If she was able to get a stuck door wide open with that kick, it has to be pretty powerful and dangerous!  That‘s exactly how she injured that little boy Marcus in the school hallway that night and gave him broken bones, with that same dangerous kick!”
“My God!  No wonder why those two eye witnesses were probably hiding from her!”
“Well wouldn’t you be hiding from Diane D too, knowing that she‘s capable of doing something like that?”
“Of course I would!  Well who could be hiding inside that storage room that Diane D wanted to look for and get so bad, that she had to kung fu kick the door wide open?!” 
“I don’t know!  This article says that Diane D is saying ‘how can she kung fu kick the storage room door wide open when she was never down in the lower level of the clinic area in the first place!”
“What?  Wait a minute!  Diane D is saying, that she was never down in the lower level of the clinic area?”
“Yes!”
“And that’s where the storage room is?”
“Yeah!  In other words, she’s claiming not to remember being in that area or doing any of that stuff!” 
“What?  She’s claiming not to remember being in that area or doing any of that stuff?!  She doesn’t remember being in the back hallway of the clinic area or kung fu kicking that storage room door wide open?!”
“According to this article, she doesn’t!”
“My God!  Just like the case when she beat up that little boy inside an elementary school hallway the night she and her family appeared there and she claims not to remember beating the little boy up!   I think history is repeating itself!  It sounds like that other personality that Diane D suffers from has come back and took over her again!”
“You really think so?!”
“That what it sounds like!”
“Wow.  That sounds pretty scary.”  
“It does.”
“Wow.  I wouldn’t want to be in those eye witnesses’ or that little boy Marcus’ shoes!”
“Neither would I.”  The wife and her husband continue to shockingly stare at the article.  

Diane D’s former lover Jonathan’s ex-girlfriend Candis, is sitting inside her living room drinking coffee from a coffee mug as she puzzled looks at a newspaper article with a headline that reads: DIANE D ARRESTED AT HOSPITAL WHERE SHE WORKS!  TWO MALE HOSPITAL EMPLOYEES FRIGHTENINGLY WITNESS DIANE D SPIN HER ENTIRE BODY AROUND AND KUNG FU KICK A STUCK DOOR WIDE OPEN!    “What!” Candis shouts to herself.  “Diane D was arrested at the hospital where she works?  Two hospital employees witnessed her kung fu kick a door wide open?!  Oh my goodness!  My God!  I wonder what happened!  I wonder what this was all about!”  Candis looks up from the newspaper.  She gets up and hurries to the telephone with the newspaper in her hand.  She picks up the telephone receiver and dials a number.  She puts the receiver to her ear and listens for a few seconds.  She then says, “Hello Jonathan?!”
“Hey Candis,” Jonathan says on the other end of the phone.  “What’s up?”
“Jonathan did you see the morning’s paper?!  It says that Diane D got arrested at the hospital where she works!”
“Yeah I saw it!  I‘m looking at the article right now!” Jonathan says as he holds a newspaper in his hand.
“What happened?!  What did she get arrested for?!”
“I’m not sure Candis!  They said she kung fu kicked a storage room door wide open in the back hallway of the clinic area!”
“Yeah I read it!  But why in the world would she kung fu kick a storage room door wide open?!”
“They claim she was looking for somebody!”
“I read that part too!  But who in the world was she looking for?!”
“I don’t know Candis, but I’m curious to find out!”
“So am I.”
“The couple of eyewitnesses that the paper is talking about, I think I know who they are!”
“You do?”
“Yeah!  I know several people who work at the hospital Diane D works at!  I’ll see if I can get some information from them.”
“You’re going to go talk to them?”
“Yeah.”
“When?”
“Sometime today I hope.”
“Okay Jonathan.  As soon as you get any information about why Diane D got arrested and why she kung fu kicked that storage room door wide open looking for somebody, get back to me as soon as possible.”
“Okay Candis I will.  I have to get to work now.  Call you later.”
“Okay Jonathan, bye.”  Candis hangs up the telephone.  She then puzzled looks back at the article.  

Outside the hospital entrance are newspaper reporters and the police.  A heavy crowd of curious people are trying to get a glimpse of the damage storage room door, but the police are holding them back.  One of the men in the crowd turns to the others and asks, “So in there is the door that Diane D kung fu kicked wide open?”
“Yeah,” a lady says.  “It’s a storage room door in the back hallway of the clinic area.”
“Did you see the door?” another man asks. 
“No, but I would really love to see it. I heard the door and the room got damaged real bad by Diane D.”
“I heard too.  I heard the door practically got knocked right off its hinges!”
“I heard that too!  My God Diane D is that strong?!”
“She’s claiming she never did that.”
“Yeah that’s what I heard too.”  The people continue to look towards the hospital entrance.

The following Friday morning, several people inside an office are reading a newspaper article with a headline that reads: THE BEAST WITHIN RETURNS AS TWO HOSPITAL EMPLOYEES FRIGHTENINGLY WITNESS AN ANGRY DIANE D SPIN HER BODY AROUND AND KUNG FU KICK A STUCK DOOR WIDE OPEN!  Beneath the headline is a large frightening colorful sketch of an angry Diane D dressed in the same orange shirt, short dark gray denim jacket, dark gray denim pants and thick black shoes with an orange bow at the bottom of her long thick braid in a dark hallway angrily kung fu kicking a door wide open knocking down furniture behind the door as sketches of two frightened faces of the hospital male employees, one white and one black, bent down hiding beneath some carts and boxes secretly watching in horror!  “Oh my God!” one of the male employees says.  “Look at this article, about Diane D, kung fu kicking a stuck door inside the hospital hallway wide open!”  The other employees look at the article headline and see the frightening sketch of Diane D and the frightened male employees hiding and watching her in horror.
“Wow” a female employee says.  “That is a frightening thing to see if I was there!”
“I can imagine!  I would be out of my wits seeing and being close to something like that!”
“Me too!  The employees continue to look at the headline and the frightening sketch.

Several male white office managers are sitting inside a newspaper office.  Mary, Barry, Margarita, Tomas, Gracy, Grandpa Mike, Tonio and Marilyn suddenly barge right into a newspaper office as the office managers turn and look at them. The office managers stand up as one of them nervously says, “Diaz-Davidson Organization!  Hi!  How are you?!  What can we do for you?”
“How dare you call my child a beast!” Mary angrily shouts.
“Beast?  What are you talking about?”
“Look!” Barry shouts as he hands the office manager the newspaper with the headline that reads: THE BEAST WITHIN RETURNS AS TWO HOSPITAL EMPLOYEES FRIGHTENINGLY WITNESS AN ANGRY DIANE D KUNG FU KICK A STUCK DOOR WIDE OPEN! and see the frightening sketch beneath it of Diane D kung fu kicking the storage room door wide open with the two faces of the frightened male employees hiding and watching in horror.  “How dare you print in your newspaper saying that my daughter is a beast!” 
“Yeah printing that the Beast Within Returns!” Tomas shouts.
“That’s right!” Margarita shouts.  “Diane is very upset over this article your paper wrote about her and this sketch your paper drew!  She is not a beast!”
“I don’t appreciate anybody calling my granddaughter is a beast!” Grandpa Mike shouts.
“We’re not saying Diane D is a beast!” the manager says.  “According to the two hospital employees who witnessed what she did, they’re claiming she was like a beast when they witnessed what she did in that clinic hallway.”
“Diane says she doesn’t know what the heck these two male hospital employees are talking about!” Gracy shouts.  “She said she never went to the first floor level of the clinic hallway after she heard a tray drop around the corner!  She said she never kung fu kicked any door!”
“We’re not saying that she did any of that!  We put in the paper according to what the eye witnesses said she did!”
“Who are these eye witnesses anyway?!” Margarita shouts.
“We can’t say.  The hospital wants to protect their identity.”
“You sketched and drew in your paper the exact clothes Diane was wearing that night!” Mary shouts.  “How did your paper even know exactly what she was wearing?!”
“The two employees who witnessed what Diane D did, and the hospital employees at the receptionists’ desk on the fifth floor described to us exactly what Diane D was wearing that night, so we drew it into the picture.  We only wrote and drew by what we heard from the witnesses, the rest of the hospital and the police.”
“Well we’re going to go to the hospital right now and straighten this whole mess out!” Barry shouts.  “Then we’ll deal with you later!”  Barry turns to his family and says, “Come on everybody!”  Barry and the rest of the family turn and storm out the office as the newspaper managers look on at them.



THE END OF
PART 1

Stayed tuned for PART 2 of:

DIANE D 
In The Headlines 
chapters 27 - 44 






