



Other Books By John Richmond


Sins of the Fathers

Shard

Available in print and for download at most online retailers and at www.JohnRichmondBooks.com


~~~~~~~~




EMPATHY



John Richmond




~~~~~~~~




Published By
John R. Richmond
JohnRichmondBooks@hotmail.com
First Published 2010

Copyright John Richmond, 2007. All rights reserved

SmashWords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Any attempt to imitate the contents of this book in any form will be considered breach of copyright law and subject to lawsuit.

Any resemblance to the lives of any persons, either living or dead is coincidental.
No psychics were harmed in the writing of this book.




~~~~~~~~


Table of Contents

Chapter 1
From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD - Part 1
Chapter 2
From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD - Part 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD - Part 3
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD - Part 4
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD - Part 5
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD - Part 6
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Author's Note
About the Author
Contact the Author

~~~~~~~~




For Leila




~~~~~~~~




Chapter 1

EMILY BURTON CAME to New York to shoot herself in the head. She stood in front of the mirror in her room at the Morgan Hotel, her head cocked, listening. Her off-blonde hair—a little greasy, a little split at the ends—hung at an angle. Her eyes, tar emeralds in the low light, concentrated into slits; the brow above them all edges, the flesh below plum pillows. Her hands floated level with her belly, frozen in a clutch of long fingers and ragged nails.
Emily closed her eyes and bunched her toes into the hotel carpet. She took a shaky breath and stretched out her mind like splayed fingers in the dark. It was there, she could feel it, she could feel all of THEM, but couldn’t differentiate one from another. She squeezed her eyes shut even tighter and shoved with her mind, attempting to divide individuals from the whole. It was like standing in the surf and trying to count drops of water. Emily opened her eyes and wrapped her arms—still muscled from the high school swim team she’d quit ten years ago—around her ribs. Her shoulders bunched and she let out her breath. 
“Give it a week,” she said to herself. If the white noise held, if she could keep the individual drops from smashing into her heart like bullets, Emily would let the woman in the mirror live. If they got through, there was her father’s service pistol in the gym bag on the bed. She’d come to Manhattan looking for silence, one way or another.
Something twitched in her gut. Her heart jumped and her eyes slotted to the right. Had that been a slice of foreign emotion? She squinted one eye shut, her face falling into the all too familiar sideways cringe. She held her breath, waiting for the hammer to come down, expecting the flood of someone else’s feelings. A minute passed. She remembered to breathe. She was still numb with the white sound buzz of all of Manhattan. Still safe.
She stared at herself standing there in mismatched bra and panties. Blue on the top, red on the bottom, and white skin all around. She suppressed the urge to salute. One week. If this relative quiet slipped away from her, then… Emily threw a wink to the patriotic-looking nutcase in the mirror. “Put you outta’ your, misery, babe.”
The babe winked back, but it was flat, not the slick from-the-hip gesture she’d been going for. More of a fatigued wince. Lauren Bacall she was not. Maybe closer to Courtney Love at the end of a bender. A laugh flirted over her features like a ray of sun over November fields. For just a moment, she was the kind of beautiful boys wrestled each other to get near. She jerked back into listening posture, hands clenched, head cocked. 
Had that sun-burst really been from her, or had a stray drop of water gotten through the white noise? Not all the drops burned. Some were so cool and refreshing, effervescent that when the feeling faded she’d crash like a stone dropped from a highway overpass through some unsuspecting driver’s windshield. Sometimes she feared the highs more than the lows. Most of the time she just feared everything. Emily glanced over her shoulder at the gym bag. 
She turned her back on the woman in the mirror and trudged over to the bed. The duvet sighed a nylon whisper as she slid under it. The June air outside was wet breath from a dragon, but her skin rose in goosebumps from the rattling AC unit in the window. They didn’t do summer like this in Janesville, Wisconsin. Emily stared up at the scalloped ceiling and watched the stucco swim and swirl. So tired. Beyond tired. She’d driven the entire way in her old blue Accord without stopping for anything more than gas.
Now, sleep, finally, but the underwire in her bra was digging into her left boob. Emily considered leaving it be, but a deep breath and a deep dig convinced her otherwise. With her last ounce of juice, Em levered up like that dried up old vampire from Nosferatu and slipped out of the torture harness. Oh, blessed relief. She sling-shot the bra onto the floor and dropped back into the pillows then hooked her thumbs into the waist band of her panties and slid them down her legs. (Maybe we could shave this week, Em?) Tired of screwing around, sleep reached up from the depths, wrapped an iron tentacle around her head, and pulled Emily down into the velvet nothing with her underwear still wrapped around one ankle. 
Dreams filled the gap in her consciousness and she kicked the gym bag off the bed. It landed on the floor with a metallic thunk. Emily whimpered and rolled over, away from the sound and into the silence.

 * * *

SHE WAS NINE when it first happened, when the first color of feeling not her own slipped in and tinged her emotions. Emily was just proclaiming herself Queen of All 
She Surveyed—currently, the corner of Jasper and Elton Streets, Janesville Wisconsin—from atop the rusted brown jungle gym when Kenny Mitchell fell. Kenny, a grade lower than Em but the same recess period (and a real snothead if you wanted to know), was attempting to challenge her rule over the known universe when his footing betrayed him like a common courtier with evil ambition. He went down, splitting his chin on a metal bar and sending a stress fracture up through his left femur, but it was Emily who screamed.
The world crystallized. 
A drip of spring melt water caught a bolt of sun and threw it from the oak tree by the side of the school, the one with Melissa Blocher’s dirty shoe still stuck in it. The wet buzzsaw of a crow’s call stretched over the playground. An airplane dragged a white ice road across the sky, it’s roar deepening in reverse doppler. Kenny’s left Adidas squeaked as it slid off the bar. His internal gyroscopes registered the point of no return and a weightless terror turned his bones to white light.
At that same instant, helpless, electric fear poured into Emily’s chest. She was falling! She shrieked and grasped the nearest bar with an iron fist, eyes shut tight against the rushing ground. A crooked scowl—a child waiting for a blow—wrenched her pretty face into a ball of crumpled paper. She waited for the air to pulse from her lungs upon impact, her ankles to twist and sprain. But there was no impact.
A moment later the world cleared and she stood, feet firmly planted on the jungle gym, blinking in the April sunshine. Kenny’s wails of agony and incomprehension floated up to her. She looked down at the small crowd of kids congealing around the one on the ground with the bloody face. She endured a sense of doubling for a moment, before jumping down to see if she could help, or just, you know, kind of stare at how gross it was.
Kenny was back in school the next day, showing off his stitches (“Ewwww, like Frankenstein!”) and amassing a respectable signature collection on his cast. Emily floated on the periphery of the autographers, wondering if that strange connection between her and Kenny would reestablish itself. 
She could taste him all over her head, as if the inside of her skull had been painted with a generous coat of Kenny. It was not an entirely unpleasant feeling, Kenny-ness; a little sticky and hot—sort of spicy. It was BOY. That made it kind of gross, but at the same time it was kind of neat, too. She kept wanting to jump over things and shout.
That feeling of BOY had faded almost completely by the time lunch period had rolled around the day after Kenny’s fall. And with a child’s ability to accept situations beyond her understanding, Emily just let it go.
By the time she was Thirteen, Emily had gone from a bright-eyed tree climber to a cowering wreck. Puberty had done it, adding a catalyst to her already strange brain chemistry and pushing her ability into high gear. The occasional drizzle of feeling from outside had become a daily deluge. Waves of emotion lapped her feet at all times. In sleep she floated on the backs of alien dream-feelings. One moment nightmare, the next pleasure, none of it hers. The lines that separated Emily from the rest of humanity began to vibrate out of focus like strummed guitar strings. Even so, she had managed to hold onto her sense of self, to brace her shifting outline until one day a parade came to town.

JANESVILLE’S DULY ELECTED sheriff looked across the breakfast table at his genetic footprints in the face of a thirteen-year-old girl. She had his sandy blonde hair, his eyes (Got her mother’s nose. Lucky break for the kiddo on that one.) and wore the same expression of concern. It was like she had known his face was going to make that pinched-brow look almost before he had.
The damn babysitter had cancelled and Andy Burton just didn’t feel right about leaving Emily on her own, not the way she’d been lately. Some part of his little girl was slipping away, growing blurry. All teenagers went through a ragged-edged period between adult and child—Andy knew that—but Emily’s behavior of late was more troubling than the occasional mood swing or defiance for defiance’s sake. She would come home late from school and when he’d ask about her whereabouts, Emily would seem to snap out of a trance then explain that she had just been wandering. Just wandering. She never lied to him, that much he could always tell. 
It was more than a cop’s practiced ability to divine truth. Andy, too, had a gift. Nothing powerful as Emily’s, but certainly useful in his line of work and in knowing whether his teenage daughter had been bullshitting him. She hadn’t. When Emily said that between the hours of three and five she had spent her time roaming, dreaming away the sidewalk squares, he believed her. At the same time, there was something more, something worse perhaps.
Andy had taken to hiring a babysitter—Sally Johansen from downstreet—to spend time with Em after school and on weekends when Andy had to work. Sally’s older brother Sam might toke a bit o’ smoke from time to time, but Sally was on the up and up. She was only a few years older and as much a friend to Emily as a sitter, but today she’d called citing “female troubles” and begged off. (Quite possibly, these “female troubles” were connected to the electric blue Toyota Supra parked in Sally’s parents’ driveway and the brooding, but sensitive young rebel known to drag it out on State Route 32.) 
Andy wasn’t about to leave Em at home on her own. He could just imagine her sitting by the window with that weird stare she’d adopted in the last few weeks—a mix of dreamy and shifty, like everything was transparent and she was caught by action just below the surface of things, or as if she were eavesdropping on a crowd behind a thick curtain, straining to make sense of the muffled noise.
He didn’t relish the idea of her being around what he was going into today either. Oh, he didn’t think there would be much trouble—a few picketers, the odd hurled produce—but if Emily’s problem was what he thought it might be… 
“You okay, kiddo?” Andy asked.
Emily’s own concerned expression intensified. If she were a less respectful kid, Andy would have thought she was aping him. He almost wished she were. “I guess so,” she said and looked into her drowned cornflakes, stirring the mush. “I feel kinda’....”
“Worried?”
She sighed, “Worried, yeah.”
“Sally can’t make it today. Wanna’ come to work with your old man?”
“Desk stuff?” She pulled a face. “Boooorrrrrinnnnng.”
Andy picked up a Cheerio and flicked it at her head. Emily dodged and the sun lit up her face from the inside. Her mother had smiled like that. Kiddo got lucky on that one, too. “Nope,” he said. “There’s a protest kind of thing happening downtown and I need to be there to make sure everyone keeps their manners.”
“Protest?”
Andy imagined the marching rows of white hoods, the disgusting epithets brushed across signs inked in basements and garages lit with ignorance. 
“More of a parade, but I’m pretty sure there’s going to be a smallish bunch of folk none too happy about it.”
Andy didn’t expect much of a turn-out. The Klan always drew a few well-intentioned shouters to the curb, but the sad fact in Janesville was that most folks turned a blind eye to idiocy. They were used to this kind of thing. Let the pillow-heads do their thing once a year and downtown could go back to its meetings of the Town Selectmen and custard shops. In all honesty, Andy wished the protesters would just leave off. The pillow-heads were like the devil himself: turn your back on Ol’ Scratch and he’s got no power over you. The protesters were really just giving the Klan the attention they wanted. Of course, that was his wise side. The rest of him wanted to hold them all down, tattoo their skin a nice shade of brown and then force them to live in Chicago’s South Side. But no one ever got what he really, really wanted in life. Thank God.
Today’s job would be pretty easy. Andy and his deputies, Hal Svenson and Jerry French, would just let themselves be seen, big arms crossed over barrel chests, a humming prowl car—a quiet reminder. Emily could just stay in the squad car and read one of her books. She probably had a ton of homework anyway with all the gifted classes she was in. And they could have a long overdue father-daughter talk. It was high time Andy Burton told Emily what she was.
He should have told her years ago, when the first signs that she was like him and her mother had begun to show. It had started when that kid, Kirk or Kenny something, had taken a header off the monkey-bars. Em had come home with that look of wonder on her face, and her mother had just known. 
Her mother always knew. Lisa Burton had a gift of her own. It had served her well until that sonofabitch patient took her away from them. Andy just couldn’t go back over that. His and Emily’s pain had swirled in and out of each other like black and white paint, the distinctions breaking down over time. Eventually, when it came to Lisa’s death father and daughter lived in dread silence. Neither of them talked about it at all after the first year. It was like Lisa’s memory existed as a shadow in the corner, always there, never acknowledged lest it writhe into full view and wail.
But enough was enough. If Emily didn’t understand how to deal with her talents, how to be careful, she might end up like her mother. Andy couldn’t have that. He’d burn down the world before he lost Em.

FORTY MINUTES LATER, they sat in Andy’s patrol car, the engine growling out welcome heat through the dash vents. The radio hissed and squawked its police chatter, the volume turned low. Andy, now in full Sheriff Burton regalia—badge gleaming, shirt ironed—took off his hat and brushed a hand through his short hair. A chill mist slicked the windshield, blurring the image of officers Svenson and French. They flanked either side of the main street through downtown, their orange ponchos flapping. A group of about twenty people simmered under a forest of bobbing signs. Andy couldn’t read them.
“Is that the parade?” Emily asked.
“Naw, honey, that’s the protest part of it. The parade part won’t start for a little while yet.” The Klan had rented out the old Kiwanis building at the end of the strip and had been given permission to congregate there before beginning their annual march. Andy checked the time on the dash clock. He had a good twenty minutes before the pillow-heads hit the tarmac.
The sound of Emily’s pencil scratching in a school workbook brought him back into the car with her. He looked at her, could smell her shampoo and her Emilyness. Sometimes he had to stop himself from leaning over and inhaling his little girl in big nosefuls. Little girl? She was already over five feet. More and more a young woman. Sometimes he could just watch her do her homework. Sometimes it scared him how much he loved this kid.
He took a breath. He had to do this.
Emily felt the change in him and looked up.
“Let’s talk about your mom for a minute,” he said.
“Dad,” she started, “we don’t have to.”
He put a hand on her arm. “No, it’s okay. We do have to.” Andy pulled his hand back and ruffed it through his hair again. “I’ve been noticing some things about you lately.”
Emily looked out through the passenger window. “Thought you wanted to talk about mom.”
“I do,” Andy said. “You… Shit, how do I start this?”
Emily looked back fast enough for her neck to crack. Her daddy never cussed around her. “Am I in trouble, Dad?”
“Naw, honey, never. It’s not like that. I’m sorry I cussed, okay?”
“’Kay.”
Andy took a breath, turned in his seat to face his daughter full on, and said in a rush, “You can do something that other people can’t do. Your mother could too, but not as strong as you can, I think. I have a thing I can do too, but nowhere near as strong as your mother or you.” He exhaled as if coming up from a long dive. For a moment, he said nothing. Then, “Em, you can feel other people’s emotions. You’re what some folks call an empath.”
Emily stared down into her vocabulary workbook. She was supposed to read the sentence and use a word from that week’s list to fill in the blank. She was pretty sure the right word was rigamarole.
“Em, you listening to me?”
“Yes,” she said, her voice small. “It’s just…I guess…I mean I guess I knew that already.” She gave him a shy smile. “I mean, jeez, Dad, duh.”
The claw in Andy’s chest relaxed. “You knew? You knew about your mother and everything, too?”
“I didn’t know,” she said. “I could feel it. After a while I kind of just put it all together. Your thing about lying too.”
“You know about that?” He smiled in spite of himself.
“Yeah,” she said with a tiniest whisper of pride. “Like I could feel Mom feeling things, I can always tell when you know someone’s lying. It makes you feel a certain way that you don’t ever feel any other time.”
“Really? How do I feel to you when that happens?”
“Kinda…” Concentration crinkled Emily’s face. “Kinda’ like you’re disappointed, but you sort of expected it too? Does that make sense?”
“That’s just about right.”
Emily slid her eye sideways. “How good is that, anyway?”
“My lying trick? How well can I tell?”
“Yeah.”
“Good enough to know that you were B.S.ing me when I caught you and Richie Schermer kissing last year.”
Emily’s face burned. “You knew about that?”
“Don’t sweat it, kid. I think any dad worth his salt would’ve known, but when you tried to lay down that line about how all you were doing was studying, that little something in my head lit up and I knew you’re weren’t telling the truth.”
“Can you always tell?”
Andy considered for a moment. “I think so. Guess there’d never really be a way to know all the way.” Andy brushed a strand of hair out of her face. “But we’re talking about you.”
“Okay.”
“Okay, tell me about this thing of yours. Your mother always had a strong sense of what other people were feeling, but it seems so much bigger with you. Almost like it hurts.”
“It does sometimes, sort of.” Her little hand bunched into a fist on her knee. “If someone’s close enough? And they’re feeling something really strongly? It’s like I can’t even tell the difference between me and them. And it’s like the older I get? The stronger it is. Like, I used to have to be right next to someone, but now I can feel it when Mr. Lyles from downstreet gets P.O.’d when the Packers loose.”
Andy waited, listened.
“Do you know what it’s like,” she said, “to not be able to tell if you feel something because its yours or because you’re standing too close to someone?”
“Sounds kind of like getting someone else’s perfume all over you and not knowing if you put it on yourself that morning or not.”
Emily nodded, her little girl face much too serious for her age. “A little bit like that, yeah.” Her clenched fist began to shake. “Like right now, Daddy,” she threw ice bolts, “I fucking hate you.”
Andy sat back. “What?”
“I dunno,” she said, biting down on a glowing anger and looking out the window. “I think it might be those ghost-people.”
Andy followed her gaze. “Shit on toast,” he muttered. “The pillow-heads’re early this year.”
Thick tears smeared Emily’s deep green eyes and squeezed onto her cheeks. Her baby-fat wasn’t enough to disguise the flex and jump of her jaw muscle as she ground her teeth. Resting on her thighs, her fists clenched in rhythm like twin hearts. 
Through the fogged windshield a column of about thirty figures dressed in white sheets and matching hoods flowed and flapped in lock-step up the strip. Their footfalls were punctuated by a low, coarse chant, but the distance between them and Andy’s prowl car sanded the edges off their words.
“Honey?” Andy spoke as if he were afraid to wake her from an episode of sleep-walking. “What’s going on with you now?”
Emily’s mouth parted a finger’s width, a gossamer strand of saliva spanning the gap. Her eyebrows twisted. A squeak that dipped into a low growl escaped her throat. “Dirty,” she said, her fists working, working.
Andy pulled the mic from the dash and thumbed the talk button. “Frog, this is
base, you copy?” (Frog was Andy’s pet name for officer French. French loved it. Really.) Andy could see the big cop bend his head toward the radio clipped to his shoulder.
The CB squawked, “Copy, base.” Andy could hear the rain spattering on French’s mic. “Is this a beautiful morning, or what? Over.”
“Those jackasses’re early, Frog.” Andy glanced at his daughter. Emily was sweating now. “Everything under control out there? Over.”
French’s hat pivoted toward the bustling group of protestors. He crackled through the speaker. “The welcoming committee’s getting really pissed off, but so far they’re staying inside their zone. Over.”
“Fucking kill them.”
Andy stared at Emily. “What’d you say?”
Her voice came again, flattened like a late-stage schizophrenic. “Nuh-nigger loving…,” she paused, blinked, “racist, fascist…,” paused, blinked, “string ‘em up with their own guts…”
Andy Burton could only stare. Emily shook in her seat, an engine of hatred building toward overload. Very slowly, her head revolved toward her father. “I’m gonna’ fucking kill ‘im, Dad.”
Keeping his eyes locked on his daughter’s, Andy raised the mic to his mouth and spoke slow and even. “Jerry, you and Hal keep your eyes open. I think someone might be packin’. Over.”
Andy watched with approval as both broad hats swung like slow, radar dishes, scanning the protesters and approaching marchers. Hal Svenson came across the frequency. “Base, this is Svenson. You copy me?”
“Go, Hal.”
“Andy, you know somethin’ we don’t? Over.”
Andy watched his little girl as she faced out the window and spat a glob of phlegm at the glass. It slid down like a sick slug. “Faggots,” she hissed.
“Maybe,” Andy said into the mic. “You just make sure you…” he trailed off, a blank mask settling across his features.
“Base? Repeat, please. Over.”
“Em?” Andy stared into his daughter’s lap, his voice shook. “Oh, God, honey.”
Emily Burton followed her father’s eyes down to her right hand. It shook so fast she couldn’t see the edges.

 * * *

EMILY SAT UP in bed and for a long minute didn’t know where she was. A fevered sweat slicked her skin. The bed sheets were tangled around her legs in a moist rope. The inside of her head was blanketed in warm, crackling electricity. So much energy, so many feelings, but at the same time it overloaded and deafened her. She smelled disinfectant, industrial fabrics, old sweat and laundry, ancient cigarettes indelible from the cheap carpet. A heavy curtain was drawn across the window; its outline glowing arc-sodium orange. 
Oh, yeah. New York.
Emily slumped back into the jungly bedclothes and closed her eyes. A flash of her memory dream was waiting for her: her father’s face. Em? Oh, God, honey. She brushed that away and concentrated on the waves of foreign feeling buffeting around inside her skull. Their edges were still blunt like a bag of shattered glass, the shards grinding together and smoothing over time. Emily wondered if there were one or two pieces rolling around inside her head that still had edges on them. Well, she had a solution for that if she felt the slightest cut.
“If I can’t make it here,” she sang in the dark, “I can’t make it, blah, blah…bang!” 
She thought about laughing for a second, tried it, and was not at all pleased with the outcome. Healthy people didn’t laugh like that. 
Emily turned her head and checked the clock on the night table. The old-fashioned analog threw an intermittent glow from its stuttering backlight. Em had been asleep for—she squinted, big hand on nine little hand on twelve—only three hours. Man, the drive from Janesville had been something like twenty-five straight hours and she’d only been asleep for three? She didn’t really feel tired anymore. Could that be right? She looked at the clock again. Kitsch, 1960’s revival design, or, quite possibly, this hotel just hadn’t updated. She guessed it could be either one in Manhattan.
Emily reached over and fumbled with various hard objects on the night table until her efforts were rewarded with a click and a greasy spray of light. There was something on the floor in front of the door. Emily threw her long legs over the side of bed, smirked at the shifting line of bruises that seemed to have tattooed her shins since she was small, and got up. She teetered over and stared down at the two days worth of the New York Post that had been slid under the door. 
“Oops,” she said and put a hand over her little smile.
She hadn’t been asleep for three hours, she’d been asleep for closer to thirty-six. Emily bent and (“Oh, man!”) her lower back shot a triplet of cracks. She winced and picked up the tabloids. The one from the day before screamed in huge slant type:

PHOBIA KILLER TAKES THIRD
FEAR GRIPS CITY

Emily brought the picture in close to her face. She couldn’t quite make out what she was seeing. It looked like a pile of spiky leaves had blown into a corner of some dark alley. A pair of shoes resolved at the base of the pile and she realized that the leaves had been laid over a corpse. She began to read a little way into the article and almost dropped the paper. “…The body of a young woman is the third in a bizarre series of murders in which the victims appear to have been scared to death. Authorities believe the scores of arachnids used in the killing may be linked to an earlier break-in at the entomology department at the University of…”
Emily looked closer. Oh, Jesus, those weren’t leaves. They were spiders. A length of her hair tickled her naked shoulder and she screamed. Emily flailed at her shoulder. She caught her own reflection in the closet mirror and yelped again, dissolving into a giggles. The naked chick in the mirror was totally off her rocker. Cute though. 
She turned this way and that, nodding at her old swimmer’s muscles, frowning at the tiny pouch of subcutaneous fat under her belly button. Some people considered that little female belly sexy. Emily even thought it looked nice on some women, just not on her. She missed her six-pack. Maybe she’d join a gym if she allowed herself to live out the week. She flexed, a little “Huh,” escaping over her lower teeth. At least she could still get that vertical line between her abs to show.
She let her breath out and shook her head. The banality of her thoughts jolted her. This was all so stupid, checking out her birthday suit, thinking about joining a gym. Normal people lived this way, not her. Emily tipped her head to one side, listened. The white noise of New York’s eight-million alien hearts pounded the shore of her skull, insistent but still safely inscrutable. Hell, maybe it would really work and she could finally be bored.
“Hi,” she flashed a smile at her naked buddy with the tummy. “I’m Emily. There’s absolutely nothing extraordinary about me.” She winked and threw out a hip. “In fact, I’m totally uninteresting. That’s me, boredom city.”
She glanced again at the paper. Spiders. “For fuck’s sake,” she whispered, and backed up until the bedspread cooled the backs of her knees. Emily sat down with a squeak of springs and opened the tabloid. The exploits of the “Phobia Killer” squirmed across the columns in six point agate. Her eyes followed in a flickering cadence.
A few minutes later, she put aside the paper and wondered about the problems of other human beings, or, at the very least, the problems of those who might pass for human. Somewhere on the streets of her new city a monster was hunting.
And eating.


~~~~~~~~




From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD


Thursday, March 27th, 9:45pm

Began treatment of new patient today—George P. Forty-five, white, unmarried, heterosexual. Referred by Simone Whitehead, MD., attending physician Mercy Hospital E.R. GP was admitted with a minor dog bite (He’s a postal carrier. Would be hilarious if not so…scripted.) but when Whitehead attempted to administer the first round of rabies countermeasures GP refused treatment. Whitehead informed GP that rabies countermeasures are legally required and approached the patient. GP became violent (apparently he gave the pushy bitch a nice hard shove) and was restrained by security. Whitehead made another ham-fisted attempt to administer countermeasures while GP was being restrained and GP subsequently lost consciousness. GP shows a severe belonephobia/trypanophobia. Whitehead was aware of my work and contacted me through the hospital list serv.
GP’s case is interesting. He prickles (couldn’t resist) at the mere mention of needles or giving blood. The usual probes reveal a spike in fear response around a summer spent at sleep-away camp. He claims little or no memory of the experience, but when pushed, his fear spike was intense…delicious. I think I may have been a little off-putting. It’s difficult not to shudder, or dig my fingernails into the armrest of my chair. I’ll have to be more careful; work on my poker-face. There’s a lot of potential here. (Note to Self: get one of those stress squeeze balls.)

Rest of the day passed without incident. Treated I.R., T.P., and Y.J. Y.J. is showing improvement. She may be ready for a deeper probe. I’ll need to tread lightly here. Worked on the new book for a few hours. Phone call from James Sawyers at McGraw Hill. They’re looking at sections of the first book for reprint in a Psych textbook due out next year. 

Had a dream about mother last night. Unpleasant. Couldn’t feel her at all. It was like I was stabbing a mannequin.

Experienced twenty-seven distinct emotions from The Cloud today. Up from last count, but manageable. Shouldn’t need another session for at least a month. 

1 bowel movement, deep brown, no blood.
Urinated 5 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: Tuna sandwich on wheat bread, pickle.
Dinner: Roasted chicken, mixed vegetables, jasmine rice.
Water: 64 ounces.

—DF


Monday, April 17th, 9:47pm

Lovely weather today. High sixties around noon and lots of sun. Decided to take a long lunch and stroll up along 5th Ave. J.C. cancelled her sessions this month. She’s off to lay about in a villa in Nice. Mr. C. is staying home to work. Can’t blame him. J.C. has the plastic surgeon of a movie-star but the personality of spoiled fourteen-year-old girl. Never met Mr. C. Suspect he thinks of his wife a great deal like a favored car that won’t run right. She hasn’t given him intercourse in months. Wonder who he’s driving around while she’s in the shop.
Walked up 5th along The Park. Lots of children out today. Not a lot of parents. Unless illegal Salvadorans have learned the trick of squirting them out Caucasian. It’s an interesting affect she has, the Salvadoran nanny. It’s this detached blankness from the child in the stroller and designer Baby Gap romper that cost more than she makes in a month. Saw something in the paper the other day about a mother who dropped her precious gift from Gawd into the clothes dryer. Would it have happened if she’d had the new model Zen Salvadoran Nanny?
Further along, I found my way past a Salvation Army collector, ringing that migraine on a stick. There ought to be a law restricting that crap to fake Santa Clauses during the holidays. Perhaps, this was the build-up to Easter. They should make them wear bunny costumes.) I stopped and stared for a few seconds, the sound of that bell clanging everything else out of my mind. The blankness of a Salvadoran nanny by way of sonic impulse. I could write a paper. The Cloud found its way past the noise soon enough, of course. I got a taste of the collector. He was your garden-variety charity icon: Caucasian, pudgy, red-cheeked, smiling and seething with hatred for nearly every passer-by. I stuffed a fifty into the can and tipped him a wink. In close Mr. Charity smelled like tequila. The stain from his hatred lingered on me longer than the smell of his breath.

Had a dream that I stood in front of the bathroom mirror and peeled my own head like an orange. When I’d pulled off almost all the flesh (couldn’t get my nose to come off for some reason) my skull was pure crystal, cut like a multifaceted diamond or one of those antique doorknobs. I leaned in closer and saw myself reflected hundreds of times in each tiny facet. Closer still and those facet-reflections reflected even more reflections, continuing into infinity. I woke up sobbing but refreshed. Sobs might have been from upstairs neighbor. She’s been trying to have a child and keeps loosing them in the second trimester.

Experienced 41 distinct emotions from The Cloud today. Another session is inevitable.

1 bowel movement, light brown, no blood.
Urinated 4 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: Tomato and cheese panini, apple.
Dinner: Chicken ceasar salad, fruit cup, 1 glass Chardonay (French).
Water: 64 ounces.

—DF


Saturday, April 22th, 11:39pm

No office hours today. Spent the morning at the library—emotion trolling. The Cloud reveals itself to me more and more as of late, and it’s time for another session. There’s no putting it off. My focus is jittery and personal boundaries are blurring. I was right about the woman upstairs. She had another miscarriage. Her remorse and feelings of inadequacy have been leaking down through the ceiling like water from a poorly caulked bathtub. I found myself stress eating while watching the Lifetime Channel. The foreign emotion making it past my conscious boundaries is bad enough, the fact that I was unaware of it until halfway through a fucking Jane Austin movie and a tub of Hagendaas was more than a little unsettling. I need to get clean; thus the library.
Libraries are good for two reasons: One, the demographic of a certain type of library patron tends to skew in my favor—lower income, solitary, afraid to move into the light. Libraries are a place of hiding for so many and inevitably I sniff out the right combination of fear and isolation. Two, I can spend hours in a single spot near my potential client and never raise suspicion. Today I was in luck and found an aroma of deep anxiety around a subject from something of an unlikely source. 
In spite of the jeans and sweatshirt, I could tell she was a prostitute almost as soon as she sat down at the table across from mine. Pretty-ish, but burned out, smell of cigarettes on the surface and hyper-vigilance underneath. I’m fairly certain she got a danger-vibe off of me, but didn’t know what to make of it. Appearing to read and take notes from back copies of Psychology Today from a white male in his forties didn’t strike her as worth a third look. Oh, but I paid a lot of attention to her. She had two books open in front of her. One she kept on the same page, only reading a bit at a time. The other was full of glossy photographs, but of what I couldn’t tell. Her anxiety increased incrementally with almost every page she turned of the photo-book. She was only able to get about halfway through it before her fear spiked so high I couldn’t help but sigh out loud. She glanced over and I turned it into a yawn, but had she not been so distracted by what I can confidently term “terror”, she would have caught me rolling in her fear like a mongrel in road kill.
She left and I forced myself to wait twenty seconds before getting up to follow her. We walked for a few blocks before she got into a late model Nissan. I recorded the plates before returning the library. I was in luck—the books she was reading were still on the table. I was familiar with the first: A Cognitive Approach to Self-Treatment of Phobias. The other I had never seen, but made sure to look up on-line for later study: National Geographic’s Guide to Spiders.

No dreams or recordable impressions.

Experienced 109 distinct emotions from the cloud. New “client” prospect identified. Arachnophobia...just classic.

2 bowel movements, dun colored, bad consistency.
Urinated 7 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: 16 ounces yoghurt, V8 drink.
Dinner: seared tuna steak, white rice, saki (warm).
Water: 64 ounces.

--DF


Monday, April 29th, 1:27am

It’s done: my seventeenth session since P.H. and arguably the most intricate. Gathering the spiders was less difficult than I had imagined. One would expect at least some kind of security presence so near the laboratories of a major New York university—all that formaldehyde and so many illicit uses—but there was only one guard that I could see and he was on a rotation. Spiders went into a non-descript cardboard box and that was that. 
The next period between sessions will have to be shorter. My boundaries were blurred to the point where concentration was extremely difficult. I passed a custodian in the corridor on the way out—some hollowed out, old black. He looked at me and his emotions… It was like peering into a mirror and finding nothing. There was no fear there, but he knew me. There was evaluation. He muttered something as we passed. Felt like a prayer, but for or against me? I could hear the spiders rustling in the box.
Collecting the client was nearly as easy as collecting the arachnids. I left the box in an alley near her usual “walk” and approached. The sting of insecurity from the countless other “Johns” pushed into me as if I were skinless. Felt like acid rain, but it was useful. When I approached the client, she picked up on the John feelings and subtle reflections of her own. The feedback worked and she followed me back to the alley, emitting a mixture of pity and caution. The handcuffs and gag were right where I left them. The spiders found her face interesting. She kicked and kicked.
The world’s gone quiet again. The cloud has pulled back and revealed me. I have the impression of the peak of The Chrysler Building emerging from a low cloud. My skin has crystallized and my feelings are again solitary.

No bowel movements.
Urinated 2 times.
Breakfast: NA.
Lunch: NA.
Dinner: NA.
Water: NA.

--DF


Friday, May 12th, 9:45pm

Interesting morning. No office hours as I was a guest lecturer at Columbia Business School. The board chair at the hospital has a daughter in the MBA program and decided to donate his pet psychiatrist. The class itself is a six-week seminar on executive leadership. My lecture focused on overcoming fear in high-stress environments. In this context the word “interesting” modifies the students not the class, nor my particular contribution. (In all honesty, I could care less about training a bunch of trust fund babies to anally savage the working and middle classes while maintaining an attitude of psychological bliss.) What got my attention in that lecture hall was an almost total lack of fear.
There was some wariness, but it wasn’t of the subject or of the hypothetical rigors of the business world. These young men and women were suspicious of each other and afraid of nothing else. Normally, when I walk into a room full of people (and this was a large lecture hall) I am struck by the miasma of emotional odor as happens when one enters a flower-filled hot house. There, though, it was as if I’d opened the door on a long unused closet in a dry climate; the scent of dust and perhaps an ancient rodent dropping or two, but little else—the scent of emptiness. 
I paused only a moment and delivered the lecture well enough. But that sense of reciting to a room full of video projections instead of living, breathing individuals was disquieting. Many of these people will comprise the richest and most influential one percent in our country. These will be the leaders and movers, some more powerful than heads of state. And they were afraid of nothing.
Not all sociopaths become mass murders. Some become MBAs.

Dreamed last night that I stood on the Jersey side of the river. A great white cloud (reminded me a bit of the footage of the smoke from the towers on the 11th, but moving in toward the skyline) boiled and rolled up on the city. It was very quiet and I can remember thinking that I’d never seen a storm like it. The cloud—more a steam if that makes sense; they are the same, after all, but that was the impression—settled over Manhattan. After a moment and through the silence, the first thin screams floated across the water. The cloud was some kind of vaporous acid and was eating the city alive.

Experienced less than ten distinct emotions from the cloud. Maybe an anomalous low due to special circumstances at Columbia.

1 bowel movement, deep brown, no blood.
Urinated 6 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: Grilled chicken Panini, mixed fruit.
Dinner: Steak salad, blue cheese dressing, 1 glass syrah.
Water: 64 ounces.

—DF


Wednesday, May 17th, 9:51pm

Ended the day with a sense of mild disgust. Began well enough, easy session Y.J. and am making progress with G.P. I’ve begun standard aversion techniques, insisting that he handle a needless hypodermic. Made him practice filling it from a glass of water then squirting the contents into the African Violet I keep next to the couch. Perhaps, I’ll move him up a notch and include the needle next session. From there, I think I’ll have him inject an orange, etc. I’d like to get him to the point where he can draw his own blood in front of me without terror. He’ll always be afraid, but when I get him at least functional within his phobia, G.P. will make an excellent case study for the new book. The rest of the day was uneventful until the end. 
Today was hospital office hours and they’ve got me in that featureless warren on the same floor as the cardiac specialists. Interesting coincidence, but also something of a tease. I can imagine mining the trove of information on potential “clients” from the offices directly across the hall, but as my father used to say, “Don’t shit where you eat, Drum.” Sessions in a dull, beige box go quickly enough. Perhaps even more quickly than those in my uptown office—the view tends to distract from time to time and the sessions seem to race by when my focus in on the patient. In any event, I was locking the outer door and the damn clasp on my briefcase let go. My notes spilled everywhere and as I stooped to pick them up I almost bumped heads with a man in a dress. Not a dress per se, but clinging, women’s jeans and a mid-drift baring tee-shirt. 
He bent down to help me with my papers and some of the foulest emotions I have ever experienced wafted over me. I’ve never been able to brook the confusion that comes from brushing up against homosexuals. It’s akin to a kind of libidinous vertigo. Usually it’s manageable—most faggots are terrifically uncomfortable with themselves at such a core level that I find my own ego energy dominant—but not with this one. He/she/it (disgusting!) was just as comfy-cozy in his backward skin as any normal person. So thrown I could barely speak when he handed me my papers and wished me a pleasant evening. Felt like screaming.
I can only hope he was there because of some terminal heart defect. If such is the case, the world will only be improved the moment the time bomb in his shaved chest goes off.

Woke this morning with the impression that my skull was a house and that I’d only just gotten home in time to chase away some nosey kids who’d broken in to raid the liquor cabinet. Not a full-fledged dream exactly, but a feeling that I’d nearly caught someone else in my mind upon returning to consciousness. 

Experienced thirty-one separate emotions from the cloud, including that horrendous encounter with the homosexual. Seems like a lot this soon. I’ll maintain extra vigilance. Another session may be in order sooner rather than later.

1 bowel movement, brown, no blood, slightly soft.
Urinated 5 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: Fruit and yoghurt
Dinner: Enchilada and rice. 2 light beers.
Water: 64 ounces.

—DF


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 2

“OUCH! OH, SNIFFLE!” Martie Jenny said, and hissed backward through her teeth. She reached over the bedspread and grabbed a wadded up piece of tissue, already stained red from when she’d done her toes, and pressed it to the shaving nick. She blotted at the cut, wincing much more than was necessary, it didn’t really hurt. But it was only an hour from show time and melodrama was part of her stage persona. She pressed the tissue into her flesh until red bloomed through into the white and peeled it back, examining the wound. Her voice dropped an octave. In a smooth tenor, she said, “Almost fuckin’ cut off my nipple.”
Martie Jenny, whose Christian name was Michael McCafferty, stood up and walked across the bedroom to the dressing mirror, pantyhose swishing as his muscular thighs brushed together. Michael had chosen the drag name Martie Jenny using half of the tried and true drag name rule. Ru Paul, her very own fabulous self, had explained the rule in a talkshow interview: Take the name of an old pet for your first name and your mother’s maiden name as your last. Michael hadn’t been about to call himself Mr. Barfo Jenny, so he’d just whittled a little testosterone off the top of his first name and went with Martie.
Michael plucked his favorite wig, a bell of spun platinum, off the corner of the mirror and snugged it onto his stocking-capped head. Now, he was Martie all the way. She squinted into her reflection. Okay, so she still had to paint on her left eyebrow. Where was her head this fine evening? Well, she was a blonde at the moment. Perhaps a little airheadedness came with the territory. She’d forget her own fucking head if it wasn’t screwed on so tight.
Now, now, she wasn’t supposed to even think in cuss words when she was the prim and proper Martie Jenny. Fuckin’ was “flipper” and shit was “sniffle”. Martie Jenny never cussed—it just wasn’t lady like. She sang though, that was for dang sure. Most drag shows were based around lip-synching, but that wasn’t her gig. Martie might not have been born with the same anatomy as Liza Minelli, but she could sound like she had. Tonight she was to be the main attraction at the Drag Strip on Avenue D. Not the highest of the high class joints to be sure, but a girl couldn’t always choose where she sang. When singing was your life, you belted wherever they came to hear you. And girl, Martie could sing her motherfuckin’ heart out.
That reminded her. Martie reached over to the dresser and wrapped her vamp-red nails (matching her toes, of course) around an amber plastic bottle. She shook one of her pretty fuschia “lifesavers” into her palm and popped it into her mouth. Without fail just before and just after Martie’s painted toes hit the stage her heart would pound a real drum solo and that was likely to set off her arrhythmia.
His doctor had warned Michael time and again to give up Martie for a less exciting career. At twenty-five he had already out-lived the most optimistic prognosis by five years. The doctor called it “tempting fate” but as far as Michael was concerned being Martie Jenny three times a week wasn’t temping fate, it was chasing it. He would take his pills and take his chances. Besides, Martie wasn’t one of those party queens, smoking, drinking, snorting coke and tina and God Knows What. Martie was practical about her condition; she took care of herself, sleeping and eating right, exercising in her own careful way. She just needed to be a little extra cautious before and after a show. 
During a performance, when she sang and shone hotter and brighter than any spot light they could throw at her, Martie Jenny’s heart beat low and strong. She was as steady and even as a plough-horse grazing in the shade. It was just those few minutes before and after she had to watch out for, the pre and post jitters. 
Martie checked her lower half in the mirror, grabbed her t-bar from the top drawer of the dresser and tucked away her showier parts. She turned sideways, smoothing a palm over her washboard stomach and flattened crotch. Martie winked at herself and slipped on the rest of her outfit, a simple black tube skirt and red tank top. (She wasn’t worried about staining her bra with blood from the shaving mishap; it was stuffed to heck and back with Kleenex.) These were just her traveling duds. She’d change into some serious threads when she got to the Strip. Tonight it would be a two-foot high crown of wax fruit and a flower print dress with a slit that ran all the way to heaven.
Martie threw back her head and belted, “Her name was Lo-lah! She was a show girl!”
She was answered by a triplet of percussive temper from the floor above. “Shut ya’ fuckin’ trap, ya’ gawd damn perv,” filtered through the ceiling.
Without a second’s pause, Martie reached down, plucked a platform high-heel from her left foot, and winged it at the ceiling. It resounded with a mighty thunk, leaving a new mark in a flock of old scuffs, and dropped to the bed. “At the Cop-ah! Copa Cabaaaaaanah!” She sang twice as loud through a cherry lipstick smile almost as big as her voice.

FORTY MINUTES FROM curtain, Martie shifted from heel to heel on a street corner more than twenty blocks from the Drag Strip. She went through her breathing exercises and reminded herself to stay cool, stay chilly. If one of these motherfuckin’ cabs didn’t fuckin’ pull over and pick her sweet ass up soon she’d miss call. 
Martie put one foot in the gutter, her skirt riding up and revealing an angular thigh. She raised her arm in a frantic wave as a yellow Chevy road-boat waded through traffic. The driver, floating in a tight cloud of beard and turban, glanced at Martie then switched on the “On Duty” bubble. Martie jumped back just in time to save her kneecap. “Thank you, honey!” she called after him, waving her middle finger. What the hell was the world coming to when a drag queen couldn’t flag a cab on a Friday night in motherfuckin’ New York City?
She checked her watch and looked back into the squalling knot of traffic at the corner. If she didn’t get a ride soon she was absolutely screwed. The gig at the Drag Strip had been hard to get. The club might be a sticky, smoky dive but they let her sing for real. None of that lip-synching stuff. If she lost this chance to use her pipes for pay she might not get another one. And she wouldn’t, couldn’t go back to be being just plaine Michael McCafferty. Martie walked three sidewalk squares to the right, stopped, spun on her spike heel and walked back to the corner. The rims of her eyes began to warm. She shook one splayed hand as if she’d burned it on a stovetop, took another two steps back the way she came. A spike of pain jabbed under her breastbone.
Martie froze. Her heart skipped a beat. Hit, skipped another, hit, hit.
With the automatic calm of an escape artist, Martie fell into stillness. Her shoulders and eyelids dropped, her breathing slowed. She began to count in a voice that was not quite Martie and not quite Michael, but stronger and more melodious than both. “One—a thousand, thousand, thousand.” She took a breath. “Two—a thousand, thousand, thousand.” Breath. “Three—a thousand, thousand, thousand.” The talon in her chest relaxed its grip and the great muscle the rest of the world takes for granted remembered how to dance in time. Martie opened her eyes as she might have done at the end of a pleasant afternoon nap and extended one long, elegant arm. A cab docked at the curb in front of her.
She leaned down to the driver’s open window and said, “Avenue D?”
The driver, a smear of hotdog smells and cologne, jerked his receding hairline toward the back, “If you’re okay wit’ sharin’ and it’s okay wit’ my fare.”
Martie looked into the back of the cab at the silhouetted passenger already there. “It’s kind of an emergency,” she said, squinting into the shadows. The passenger waved her aboard and Martie beamed. “Fantastic!” she said and jumped in. “Twelve-twelve, Avenue D,” she repeated to the back of the driver’s head. 
As the cab merged into traffic, a bar of pink sodium light scanned over the features of the other passenger. 
Martie started, smiled. “Oh, hey” she said. “What a small world.”

 * * *

AT THE END of a street with more broken lamps than not, the back end of a yellow cab jutted from a garage like a thrushy tongue. The garage led into a warehouse long abandoned by industry and owners more agile than its crumbling cinderblock and rusting corrugate. The cab’s exhaust pipe did not exhale; its red-eye taillights were shut.
The garage coughed a crash—what could have been a file cabinet falling over, or a refrigerator. A moment later, the warehouse vomited a man in his middle forties. He slipped out of the loading bay, avoiding any puddles of light and stood at the back of the cab. Tall with pale skin and dark hair, he cut a decisive figure in the gloom; a long finger pressed to a frowning mouth. Hush.
Dr. Drummond Fine crossed his arms over his chest and surveyed the street. He eyes were rare, a shade of blue so pale they seemed to be made of mercury. In a red room they shone like blood stones. In a green room they were emeralds. Under blue skys they were white. In close they would match the color of your own eyes. 
Summer weeds jutted through cracks in the pavement. The skeletal remains of a stripped car hunkered next to the curb, blocking a fire plug. Apparently, the metro parking authority wasn’t concerned about restricted access to emergency water in this neighborhood.
As recently as the Nineteen-Eighties, this row of industrial space had served as a thriving lumber and aluminum trade ground, but then the train tracks were re-routed. The absense of those iron arteries cut off the blood supply of commerce. Now, the warehouses were little more than havens for vermin both quad and bipedal. 
A shadow leapt in Drummond’s periphery. He turned and caught the flicker play from a cigarette lighter through the window of an adjacent warehouse. His nostrils, twin paisleys, dilated into lima beans, his chest expanded. He couldn’t actually smell the crack smokers from this distance, but whenever he reached with his mind he inhaled nasally. It was a habit almost as old as he was. He closed his eyes and winced. What had been ram-straight posture melted into a defeated hunch. A slight tremor jiggled his left hand. His mouth hung open, moist and slack.
His will and something far darker, threw a spark of motivation into his forebrain. Drum’s mouth snapped shut, his eyes flew open. His neighbors would be of little consequence. Their feelings were as empty as their chemically scoured brains. Besides, the other denizens of this little neighborhood knew better than to trouble his warehouse. Strange noises often blew from its blind windows, and when the city sweltered in the summer months tides of complex odor wafted and crooned to the flies.
Drum cocked his head as if he’d heard a noise. There was nothing on the air but the faint sigh of the city’s breath punctuated by the odd siren, car alarm or horn. It was all distant. His warehouse sat in a wasteland, claimed by the city only on paper. No one lived here. People only came here to die. And yet he listened, face intent. A shiver ran through his frame, closing his eyes and smithing a grin out of his lips. Inside the warehouse, his guest was awake and already afraid.
Drummond Fine, M.D., prominent psychiatrist and author of two best selling self-help books, strolled back into the garage. As he walked by the cab, he reached through the driver’s side window and shoved the body of the cab driver over on its side. A cloud of hot dogs, cologne, and excrement drifted up behind him. A fly droned. He’d have to take care of that mess soon, but not now.
Drum stepped around a pile of old boxes and crates, registering the rodent scurry from within. He imagined a ball of twitching brown bodies, squirming with hairless, wormy tails and wild, jewel-chip eyes. Rats had proven evocative in previous sessions with other patients. Perhaps he could employ them later if his guest proved susceptible to their charms. All he needed to do was ask and listen in his careful way. Drum rounded a corner and stepped into the open floor of the warehouse proper. He reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a gourmet bar of chocolate and almonds. He bit off a square and pondered the scene in front of him.
A ray of orange streetlight slanted down through a broken skylight. At the base of the beam sat Martie Jenny, tied fast to an old wheeled office chair. Her head lolled forward, the platinum mushroom cap of wig just ready to drop off. She moaned as she rose through the depths of unconsciousness, the knot on the back of her skull where the good doctor had sapped her throbbed. She got a noseful of pigeon dander and let out a resounding sneeze. The blood pressure spike to the wound on her head brought her the rest of the way around. She jerked and the wig dropped into her lap.
“Hello, Martie,” the doctor said. He shoved the candy bar back into his pocket. “Or should I call you as ‘Michael’ now the wig’s fallen off?” 
Martie squinted into the darkness, a hangover victim on the morning after. “Doctor Fine?” she said, then noticed the electrical tape binding her wrists and ankles. A waver edged her voice. “Whass goin’ on here?”
Drum caught her emotion—fragrant incense—and pulled it in. He staggered into the light like a man after one too many and leaned down to bring his eyes level with Martie’s. They seemed to go backward a long way, a tunnel of facing mirrors. They froze Martie in their depth, a thousand of her dwindling into nothing.
“I don’t…” she whispered.
“You will.”


~~~~~~~~




From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD


Monday, June 3rd, 9:32pm

I think Sinatra’s famous lyrics could sum up my day most succinctly: Luck, be a lady tonight! An interesting phone message from the cardiologist across the hall at the hospital office annex: the faggot needs a shrink. One mister Michael McCafferty (the self-same drag queen detritus that helped me gather my papers some weeks ago) is experiencing some anxiety. He/she/its cardiologist—concerned that the addition of yet another drug to poor Michaels already overtaxed system might be detrimental to his heart condition—suggested a cognitive approach to treatment. What luck that a specialist in anxiety and phobias keeps offices right across the hall. What luck. What good fortune. I can’t stop smiling.
It’ll take some work on my part, maintaining a poker face through his treatments. The stench of the emotions MM is sure to emit will be powerfully disquieting, but I’ll get a wonderful opportunity to go deep into his triggers. When the time comes for our real session, our final session, his departure will be beyond mere sensation. It will be art. I know I shouldn’t even entertain thoughts of hunting so close to home. It’s foolish, reckless, but why else would he have been figuratively deposited on my doorstep were I not meant to cull him out? I’m not a believer in any kind of god or overseer being, but it almost feels as if there’s a larger hand in this. Perhaps he/she/it and I are entangled like a pair of Einstein’s “spooky action” quarks. Perhaps the simple truth of my existence is to end my clients. Perhaps the simple truth of MM’s is that his is to die.
I’ll learn him, his life, his ties if any, and then end him at the sharp point of his greatest terror. The timing couldn’t be better. 

Experienced 147 distinct emotions from the cloud today. Session imminent. Client…self-determined. Our first “session” is tomorrow afternoon. Soon then.

No dreams or discernable impressions.

3 bowel movements, pale, watery consistency.
Urinated 3 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: Steak salad.
Dinner: Chicken stir-fry, 2 oz. whiskey.
Water: 64 ounces.

—DF


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 3

EMILY THE MOUSE stuck her head outside the entrance of the Morgan Hotel at just after eleven o’ clock at night, wondering if the cat would snatch her up. She stood under a deco stone arch that had felt the rough of a mason’s hand more than one of her lifetimes ago and paused. She had been safe from the alien feelings in her room, but would it be the same outside? The door man cocked an eyebrow at her. “Miss?” he said. “Get you a cab?” He fingered a shiny whistle at the end of a chain.
Emily squinted into the street and scowled. Was it? Would it?
“Miss?” He tried again. “Lady?” Goddamn tourists.
Emily’s foot stuttered toward the curb, retreated. Could she? Were they?
The doorman stuck out his chin. “Hey! Honey! You want a cab or what?”
Emily spun around and stared at him. His face was all fissures and downward angles. That kind of face matched what people looked like when they were angry, but that couldn’t be right could it? Emily frowned. She couldn’t feel anything from him and anger was one of the easiest emo…
She couldn’t feel him.
She blinked. “What’d you say?”
He put his hands on his hips—hands that had held more important employment than this ignoble post-retirement job—and addressed Emily as if speaking to a person for whom English was not the mother tongue, “Do…you…need…a…tax…zee?”
“Huh?”
He turned his head and threw his hands up in the air. “Oy! These kids with the drugs.”
Understanding spread its warmth across Emily’s mind and a smile spread over her features. “You’re upset,” she pronounced, not feeling his emotions in the slightest. She clapped once. “That’s awesome!”
A rough rebuke rose in the doorman’s throat, but having caught hell from the hotel manager in the past for losing his temper with guests, he gagged on it. The hateful fact was that after thirty some years of faithful, accurate accounting in a dusty closet of an office, his pension hadn’t been enough. These days you had to be a crooked bean counter to make any kind of real money. Course you might get caught, but if you were high enough up the corporate chain, you wouldn’t do any real time and at least some of your skimmed millions would be waiting like a faithful spouse when you got out. But he had not been a big time corporate accountant and so now was a small time doorman at a hotel that was as far past its hey day as he was past his prime. He swallowed what was the most basic of New York retorts and sighed. He looked down at his shoes, took a breath, then back up at Emily. “May I get you a cab, ma’am?”
Em tilted her head. This was all so curious. This old guy was rolling through one emotion after another—she could see it on his face—but there was nothing else. It was like watching TV with the sound down or taking a bite of three-alarm chili and tasting air. He seemed sad now. Why was that? Then she got it, and as her previous breakthrough brought a smile, this knowledge wiped it off. 
She was being an impolite jackass. He’d gotten mad at her for ignoring him and then had bit down on it. “Oh,” she stammered. “Shoot, sir, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be…” She looked around as if some guardian angel might materialize and explain to the doorman that she hadn’t meant anything by it, she was just new to the whole not-being-able-to-psychically-tap-into-the-emotions-of-other-people thing. A guy in a jogging suit flashed by with a swish of synthetic fabric and gave her tits a quick ogle, but that was all she caught. She went for simplicity. “Sorry for being weird. I’m really out of it.”
The crevices in the doorman’s face filled and flattened. He clasped his hands behind his back and rocked on his polished heels. There was definitely something wrong with this kid, but she was okay, he guessed. Called him “Sir.” Far as manners went, that put her past most of the schmucks with whom he dealt on a daily basis “You, uh,” he began, taking in her shoes. Low top Keds, scuffed as hell. And that was it: the shoes, the “Sir”, the apology—he liked her. “You a tourist, or here on business?”
Emily still swam in confusion and shame at her offense. “I really am sorry.”
He waved her off and she caught the fish-belly band of skin where a ring had recently lived. “Oh, don’t worry about it, miss. Just an old bear grumbling.” He smiled down at the worn red carpet. “Times I think I caught menopause from my wife like a bad cold.” He glanced up at this risk and caught her covering a giggle. He exhaled and gave a chuckled of his own. “I’m Samuels,” he said and stuck out one age-gnarled paw.
Em latched on with her best Mid-Western grip and gave a solid pump. “Emily Burton.”
“So, miss Emily, B or P?”
“Sorry?”
“You say that a lot.” He winked. “Business or pleasure.”
“Oh,” she smiled and thought for a second. “Neither?”
“You asking me?”
“Guess I’m just not all that sure.”
“Hmm, well then, let’s just start with tonight. Where’re you off to?”
Emily looked down the street, flashing lights and flashing cars, horns, a shout that dwindled down an honor guard of street lamps. “I, uh,” she looked the other way. Same deal, just more of it. “Jeez, I’m ah…”
Samuels set his face. “You,” he said, “are in need of direction, miss Emily.”
“I really don’t know where to start. I’ve never been to New York.” A cab roared by, dragging a mix of hydrocarbons and greasy food. Someone shouted in a liquid tongue unfamiliar to Emily’s ear. “This place is all so different from what I’m used to.”
“And what would that be?” Samuels asked then threw up a creased palm. “Wait! Let me guess.” He closed his eyes and inclined his head just so. “Say something. Say, um…” He opened his eyes. “Say this: I spilled the milk and cleaned it up with a towel.”
“What?”
“Indulge me. It’ll make sense in a minute.”
Emily shrugged. “I spilled the milk and cleaned it up with the towel.”
Samuels cupped his elbow with his left hand and pinched his chin with his right. He looked up, left, then said, “It’s not Illinois, but it’s close.”
Emily brightened. Her lips parted.
“No, no. Don’t help me.” Samuels thought for a moment, punctuated by “hmm”s and “maybe”s. He squinted at Emily, cataloguing her outfit. Low top, scuffed-as-hell Keds. Loved those. Denim trousers, not too tight, but close fitting enough to show her shape. Tiniest bit of softness around the cheekbones, but this one was a jock or had been. Natural blonde. “No twang in the voice,” he said. “I’m going to guess that the closest big town to your home is either Milwaukee or Madison, but you’re definitely a Wisconsin kid.” He nodded. “Am I close?”
Emily closed her mouth with a click of her teeth. “That was so cool.”
Samuels nodded. “Yes, it was cool. Thank you.”
“How’d you do that? Just from the way I talk?”
He checked his watch then said, “It’s rude to answer a question with a question, but I started off rude, so what the hey. Do you have any friends here?”
“No.”
He nodded again, quick and decided. “You do now, and I will tell you how I discerned your origins over a cup of coffee. I was off three minutes ago.”
Emily grinned. She had a friend in New York City.

 * * *

“YOU’RE NOT CRAZY,” Samuels the doorman decided and sipped his tea. Green tea. Decaff. Caffeinated anything at this hour meant that his next meeting with the Sand Man would occur roughly three years down the pike. He’d been a pot of coffee a day man for the better part of his life, and then he hit sixty-one and his nervous system seemed to re-wire itself. When sleep came it was never easy. He wasn’t about to help it elude him any more than he absolutely had too. He watched Emily sip her mocha latte with the resolve he’d applied to the passing of his wife: he was never going to get to enjoy this thing he loved again. Oh, well, life sucks. Let’s move on.
Watching his face for sign, Emily said, “So you believe me?”
Samuels pursed his lips and considered. She’d just told him that she possessed the psychic ability to feel the emotions of other people like a telepath could read minds. “What the hell,” he said. “Why not?”
“Really? I mean, it sounds so out there.”
“Were you delusional about something as…,” he searched for the right word in the steamy depths of his tea, “paranormal as psychic empathy, I suspect you’d also subscribe to other delusions that would make your hypothetical sickness fairly obvious.”
Emily suppressed a grin. Who talked like this?
Samuels caught it, blushed a little. “You’ll have to forgive me, miss Emily. I like words.”
Now she did smile. “What you’re saying is that if I were really crazy it would show in other things? Not only would I say I was an empath, but I’d also believe the CIA had planted a GPS tracker in my butt or something?”
He snorted a laugh. “Inelegant but accurate. I actually knew a woman several years ago who was certain the Navy was indeed monitoring her every move via satellite surveillance. Whether or not she also believed to have been the victim of rectal beacon implantation is not a point upon which I pressed.”
“Hey, aliens do it all the time right?”
“Now you’re just trying to scare me.”
“Is it working?”
“Can’t you tell?” Samuels looked at her out of the corner of his eye. “Can’t you just feel me out?”
“Bad pun.”
“Couldn’t resist.”
“Yeah, well, don’t tempt me. I’m trying to cut back.”
“Don’t follow you.”
“God,” Emily pressed her palms against the table top and threw her eyes at the ceiling. “I can’t believe I even told you.” She looked back at him, following the deep lines around his mouth. The guy smiled a lot, or did during the part of his life when his features were still being carved. Her dad would like Samuels. Would have liked him. “It’s not something I like about myself.”
“That you’re empathic? Why not? One would think having your power would be thrilling, like being a superhero.” He sipped his tea and squinted over the rim through the rising steam. “Like The Shadow seeing into the hearts of men.”
“The Shadow?”
“Oh, come now! You’re not too young to remember… Perhaps you are.” He sighed. “Ah, me. Ah, life.”
“I always liked Wonder Woman.”
“And who wouldn’t with that outfit and those wonderful boots?”
Emily cocked an eyebrow, the emerald beneath glinting. “Like boots, huh?”
Samuels bowed his head. “Immensely.” He turned his teacup a quarter clockwise, then back widdershins. After a quiet moment, he asked, “You can really do what you say?” He fixed her in her seat. “Tell me once more and I’ll never ask you again.”
“Yeah. I can.”
He nodded. “Fine. I once saw a wharf rat sit up and have a conversation with a big black crow. Not in the same language mind you, but they were talking. I believe that. I can believe you.” He closed one eye like a pirate. “Sure you won’t show me something, though? I’ll believe you anyway, but I’d love to see it done.”
Emily clenched her hands, her knuckles went white. “I’d rather not, if that’s okay with you, Mr. Samuels.”
He flashed his lined palms. “Of course, of course. As I said, I believe you anyway. I worked as an accountant for many years for a rather successful private investigator. He taught me the trick of accounting truth from other people.”
“What’s that mean?” Emily was thinking of her father again. “Accounting truth?”
“Well, like a bean counter lines up the rows of information that lead to an answer in numbers, an accountant of truth tallies up the signs of truth and falsehood. If the red column has more in it, you be a liar. If it’s the black, you tell the God’s honest.”
“What counts as something that would go into the red column?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Samuels said, leaning back. “Maybe you play with your hair when you lie. Something like a poker tell. Something to let me know that you’re distracted by a thought that’s different from the sentiment you’ve just expressed. Kind of like now.” His expression softened. “Can you talk about why you won’t show me your ability?”
Emily looked around the coffee shop. It had the feel of a dive bar: sticky surfaces and walls as pigmented with nicotine as they were with paint. Smoking ban or not, it still reeked. There was even a small platform that probably served as a stage for poetry slams and live music—empty at this late hour. A skinny kid, a few years younger than Emily, sat by himself, reading a weather-beaten copy of Chairman Mao’s Little Red Book. His head was completely shaved except for two blue-dyed spikes that jutted from the front of his crown like a pair of four-inch horns. His combat-booted foot jigged like a jack-hammer and every so often he would jab a finger into the book and mutter, “Yes!”
Everything around Emily was strange. Not because it was different and new, but because she was. She could do more than edit her life, she could re-write it. If anyone—including Mr. Samuels—couldn’t deal with her than to hell with them. Fuck hiding.
“I can’t stand to feel other people anymore. It’s driving me crazy a little, I think. I came to New York because I figured it was the biggest city in America and that maybe all those people would just sort of overload me and blur together.”
“Like one of those sound machines that people run at night so they don’t have to endure their neighbors?”
“Like that, yeah,” she said. “So far, it’s working pretty okay.”
“And if it stops working?” Samuels asked, his voice low.
Her eyes flared. “I’ll kill myself.”
Samuels reached out to take her hand. Emily recoiled an inch and stopped, allowed him to envelop her ivory fist in his grandpa’s glove. His skin was rough but the muscle beneath soft and warm. She got an initial swell of emotion but not enough to feel anything definite, not enough to lose herself.
“Is it so bad, dear?”
Emily answered by opening the cage in her chest and letting the tears roll without sob or hitch of breath; just pain running down her cheeks. Pity moved over Samuels’s face like cloud shadow.
The over-caffeinated punk bolted to his feet. He threw his copy of the Little Red Book down on the table with a disgusted, “Ah man, it can’t fuckin’ end like that.”
Samuels turned his attention back to Emily and raised his thunder-cloud eyebrow. She took her hand back and drank the rest of her latte.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 4

CHARLIE DUNBAR YAWNED like a lion. In another four hours, he would be finished with a grueling ER double shift, and that seemed like a very long time off. They hadn’t had a fresh customer in the last few minutes and he was taking advantage of the reprieve to gather his strength. 
In a kitchenette just off the admitting desk, he leaned his five foot six frame in a molded plastic chair and tilted his bald head against the wall. Charlie was only twenty-five but his follicles had started spitting out hair when he was still in high school. He had active patches toward the back and sides, but preferred to shave it all off in favor of the Special-Forces look. Male pattern baldness was supposed to be caused by high testosterone levels. Maybe that would balance out his choice of career. Registered Nurses are badasses, but funny how people didn’t get that. Another yawn claimed his body and he loosed another big cat roar. He shook it off and rubbed his face with his hands.
“’S'cuse me?” The voice was rounded on the edges. “Charlie?”
He knew that name. That was his name.
He opened his eyes and blinked in the sterile fluorescent light. A young Latino man in blue scrubs resolved into focus. This wasn’t his shift and he didn’t know everyone yet. Charlie squinted at the orderly’s ID tag “Carlos,” he said. “Good handle.”
“Huh? Oh, like Charles. Yeah. Listen,” he jerked a thumb over his shoulder, “we got a customer and could use a little help. Julie at the desk said to come get you.”
“Pysch?” Charlie asked. Whenever they needed extra help it was for admins to psychiatric.
“Yeah.”
“Hokaaaay,” Charlie sighed and threw a smile as he pushed up from the chair. “Let’s go.”
Carlos took in Charlie’s height. “Oh, hey man,” he said. “I wanna’ warn you, this is a big guy.” He shaped the air with his hands. “I mean like tremendous, football big.” He thought for a moment. “Bigger than that.”
Charlie reached up and put a hand on Carlos’s shoulder. “Wow, thanks, dude.” He crinkled his brow. “You better stand behind me, then.” Charlie winked and walked around the corner into a tableau frozen between calm and chaos.
The uniformed off-duty police officer who served as security lay sprawled in front of the ER desk. His eyes were open but rolled up toward the ceiling. An orderly stood off to one side with his hands up, the fingers splayed. The dark seams of his life and love lines wired his lighter palms. The admitting nurse, Julie, was crouched low behind the desk, gripping a stapler in one hand and the handset of the phone with the other. Her skin was bloodless. In front of the sliding glass entrance of the ER stood a giant with a tangled beard and long hair the color of rusting steel. A soiled t-shirt spread across the field of his chest. It was the classic I ♥ New York with a crude skull inked over the heart in black magic marker. Charlie blinked and everything jerked into motion.
The giant clenched and unclenched his ham fists, his shoulders moved up and down with his breathing. His nostrils flared like a bull about to charge.
“I want,” he growled through teeth like yellowing ivory dominos, “MY MOTHER!”
 “Oh, shit,” Charlie giggled. He inclined his head toward the desk. “Julie? Y’okay?”
She waved the stapler. “I hate this job.”
“Yeah,” Charlie said, keeping his eyes on the giant and a smile on his face. “Just stay put for a minute.”
“Not a problem.”
“Where’s. My. MOTHER?!”
Charlie didn’t engage, just nodded and continued to smile. He wasn’t ready to be drawn in just yet. Nice and easy, he leaned down and pressed a couple of fingers against the off-duty cop’s throat. The cop moaned, vibrating under Charlie’s finger tips. Pulse was good, and moaning meant breathing which was also pretty good. He risked a quick glance at the cop’s rolling eyes. His pupils were the same size, looked like he’d just taken a knock-out blow, but nothing immediately dangerous. Charlie checked his hip and exhaled—gun was where it was supposed to be.
Charlie looked back at the giant, smile never wavering. The giant was crying now, but his fists were still pulsing meat hammers.
“Hey, orderly,” Charlie said in a low voice. “What’s your name, man?”
The orderly turned wide eyes on Charlie, his fingers still splayed. Made Charlie think of a couple of tiny cats that someone had sneaked up on and scared the shit out of. “James Leeson,” he whispered.
“Okay, James Leeson?”
“Dude knocked the cop out.”
“Yeah, that’s pretty much clear, James, thank you.” Okay, James was in a little place Charlie liked to think of as “Scared Out of His Fucking Mind”. Charlie whispered, “Stay cool, okay, James?”
“Okay.”
Charlie heard the squeak of a tennis shoe behind him and the giant shifted the bloodshot stars in his face over Charlie’s shoulder. 
“Carlos, you ready to help me out here, man?”
“I told you he was huge,” Carlos said, a hint of triumph beneath the quaver. “Wha’d we do?”
The giant swiped an arm that was two-thirds the thickness of Charlie’s mid-section over his leaky eyes and howled, “MUTHERRRR!”
Charlie turned his face halfway over his shoulder to Carlos and dropped his voice. “I’m going to count to three, okay?”
“Okayyyy…”
“Then you rush ‘im.”
“What?”
“Just kidding, man.” Charlie shook his head and smiled. “Just hang out and get ready to play catch if jolly green throws me across the room.”
Before Carlos could answer, Charlie started walking toward the ER’s latest and greatest customer. He raised one small hand in an amiable wave, one neighbor greeting another over the fence. “Hiya, chief,” he said and stopped about five feet away, just out of range of one of those massive paws.
The giant eyed him like he was a snack with feet.
“Lookin’ for your ma’, huh?”
“Mother!” he shouted. “I want her,” he rolled his shoulders forward, flaring like a cobra, “RIGHT. NOW.”
Charlie looked at his feet and stuck his hands in his pockets. He rocked back on his heels and said, “Well, I can dig that, my friend. I too,” he threw a look that was all about understanding what it meant to have a mother, “have a mother. And sometimes I feel like I need her. Less than I used to,” he shrugged, “but from time to time, a guy just wants his—“
“MOTHER!”
“Exactly.” Charlie nodded.
The giant squinted one eye shut; the other glared, a searchlight out of the abyss. “You know where she is?” he rumbled.
Charlie closed one eye and squinted back. “And if I did?”
The giant showed his teeth in what might have been a grin or a promise to bite Charlie’s head off. He growled. Possibly both. “Okay,” Charlie said. “This is what I’d like to do.” He looked back down at his feet and kept his hands in his pockets. Using the floor tiles to measure the distance, Charlie took a step forward, then another, until the giant’s bare feet came into his field of vision. They were the size of cinder blocks, the nails had thickened into fungus infected chits. Charlie locked his eyes on the big toe of the man’s right foot and without looking up said, “I’d like you to let me give you something that will make you calm down. If you do that—” 
The giant’s big toe flexed.
Charlie dropped his center of gravity and fell into a backward somersault. He slicked like a drop of mercury out of the giant’s range and straightened. Mama’s Boy punched his fingers into the air where Charlie had been standing and gripped nothing. He frowned down at the smaller man and mumbled, “Fast.”
A smile quirked the side of Charlie’s mouth. “Have to be.” He took a breath and another step forward.
Julie’s voice squirted over his shoulder. “Charlie, don’t!”
Charlie rolled his eyes so the giant could see. Women, what can you do? Something light rippled through the man’s face then. Charlie went after it. 
“Like I said before, man. You let me give you something just to chill down with and we can go try to find your ma’. What do you say? It’ll be like the pharmaceutical equivalent of a lite beer.”
The giant turned his head half to the side. “And when we find her…?”
Charlie nodded. “When we find her, yeah…?”
The giant smashed his fists together like two opposing weather fronts and whispered, “We eat her.”
Charlie sighed. “No, man. We can’t do that.” A wave of weariness crashed over his frame and yanked his shoulders down. He brought a hand up to rub some of the exhaustion from his face, covering his eyes for just a second. It was all the giant needed. He rushed across the two or three paces separating them, his footfalls shuddering through the floor tiles, and seized Charlie under the arms. Charlie yelped in pain as thick fingernails bit into his ribs just under the arms. The giant hauled him off his feet as if he were playing with a doll and began to shake. Charlie’s world was transformed into a field of jutting, blurring images and shear force.
Okay, enough nice. He was too tired for this shit.
Charlie stiffened his arms and clapped his hands with maximum force over the giant’s ears. The giant howled in pain and surprise. He dropped Charlie and staggered backward, his hands pressed against his head. His voice ripped out, high pitched and indignant. “Owwwwrrr! Mother, the little man hurt meeeee.”
Charlie shook his head once to clear it. “Don’t whine, big boy. That’s obnoxious.”
The giant dropped his hands. A line of blood trickled from each swelling ear. “Like bees in my head. Like bee-eeze.”
Charlie took a deep breath and slowed his heart. “Okay, fella. Let’s try this again. Just calm dow—Oh, shit!” The giant raced across the room with incredible speed for such a huge body, but Charlie wasn’t about to let him have another shot at shaking his fillings loose. He broke the tension in his own left leg and slipped into a directed side-ways fall then rolled again and came up behind a plastic waiting room bench.
Mama’s Boy stopped short in front of the bench. His own momentum bent him over at the waist, increasing the blood pressure to his head. The bees that mean little man put in his poor ol’ head got louder and he cried out again. He looked for the little man to hurt him (Mother would be okay with that) but he wasn’t behind the chairs anymore. Where was the little man? Did he— PAIN! A bolt of white flared behind his eyes.
In the instant the giant was bent over, Charlie sprang over the seats and vaulted over the man’s lowered head. On the way past, he pistoned down with his left fist into the back of the giant’s skull. Charlie landed a pace behind the giant, grounded his balance, and struck out backward with a mule kick right about where he guessed the big guy’s knee would be. The strike glanced off the side of the giant’s leg, but it had the intended effect: the man pitched forward and crashed into the bench. Charlie whipped around, ready to dodge or attack, but paused and dropped his hands. He counted to ten, slowing his breathing and pulse as a matter of will. Mama’s boy was sprawled on the bench, eyes half-lidded. His chest moved up and down like a great bellows, the heart and skull on his t-shirt swelled and contracted, swelled and contracted.
Charlie pursed his lips and blew a long breath. The orderly with the freaked-out cat hands stared, still as a wax statue of himself. Carlos was grinning and shaking his head, hands on his hips. The off-duty cop hauled himself into a sitting position, his back against the admitting desk. From behind the desk, Julie threw a stage whisper. “Did he kill ‘im?”
Carlos barked a laugh. “Which one?”
 “Julie,” Charlie said, “Get out here and take care of officer Bob’s noggin.” He pointed at James Leeson and snapped his fingers once. Leeson blinked. “James, go get the duty doc. Check the nap room.” He waited a second, and when Leeson didn’t move, Charlie threw some metal into his voice, “Now, James, or I’ll make you put on a dress and pretend to be Norman Bates’s mommy when he comes to.”
“Shit, right. Okay.” Leeson took off down the hall.
Charlie turned to Carlos. “Charles, my friend, would you be so kind as to drag out a gurney?”
Carlos nodded. “On it.”
Charlie caught him as he turned. “One with restraints, right?”
“Hell yes.”
Charlie walked over to admin desk. He caught the cop under one arm and helped Julie maneuver him into a chair. Julie asked him his name, the date, the president, to which he responded correctly, then offered, “Didn’t vote for that asshole, though.” 
Julie shot a look at Charlie. “You okay, hot shot?”
Charlie lifted a hand; adrenaline shook it like a wolf with a rabbit. “In a few minutes.” He made eye contact with Julie. “You?”
“Scared me bad,” she sighed, gripped the cop’s wrist and checked her watch. Memory glossed her eyes. “Way he just tossed this one across the room like he was a sack of potatoes.” She shook her head then checked her watch again and dropped the cop’s wrist. “You’re fine, but I still want the doctor to check you when he’s done making sure Charlie didn’t paralyze our customer.” Julie stood up and brushed her pants. The cop grunted and made to get up as well, but Charlie and Julie both put gentle hands on each of his shoulders. “Not yet,” Julie said. “Don’t worry, Chop Suey Charlie’ll protect us, right Charlie?”
“Chop suey’s Chinese. I used Karate.” 
He got a pair of blank faces. 
“Karate was invented in Japan?”
The cop sat back and rubbed a lock of chestnut hair off his forehead. “Why’s a nurse need to know Karate?”
Charlie made a show of looking over at the reclining giant. “Really?”
He waved Charlie off. “Seriously, how often does something like that happen? You a soldier or something before doin’ this? How come you know this stuff?”
“Number one, this kind of thing happens enough that it comes in handy more often than I’d like. And B, it’s a long story.”
Julie tipped her head to one side. Charlie noticed that she was kind of tough/pretty when curiosity opened up her face. “Got a short version?”
Charlie laughed. “Exactly.”
“Huh?” the cop and Julie said simultaneously.
Carlos rolled into the room with a gurney and Charlie said, “Another time gang. I’m gonna’ give Charles here a hand with our buddy.” He turned to Carlos. “Okay if I call you Charles?”
“Only if I can call you Carlito.”
“Very cool. Like Pacino in Scar Face.”
Carlos drew out a heavy Colombian accent. “Let me introduce you to my leeetle friend.”
“That a short joke?” Charlie asked.
Carlos glanced at the fallen goliath. “Not. Ever.”
Julie snorted. “First of all, it’s Carlito’s Way not Scar Face. Second, Pacino’s character in Scar Face was Tony Montoya. And the line is ‘say hello to my little friend.’ Not ‘let me introduce you.’” She shook her head as she walked over to the desk. “Amateurs.”
A man in scrubs with sleep-shattered eyes bustled into the admitting area, shrugging on a crumpled lab-style coat that had most recently seen duty as a pillow. He yawned, “What’s the emerrrr-gennn-ceee?”
“Didn’t Leeson tell you?” Julie asked.
The ER doc’s scruffy eyebrows rose.
“The orderly we sent to get you,” Charlie offered.
“Oh, sure,” the doc said. “He came in long enough to wake me up, then fainted. I deposited him on a cot.”
Charlie turned to Carlos. “Charles?”
“On it.” Carlos trotted of again.
On the boards, Julie was the nurse in charge, but the doc turned to Charlie. It wasn’t a sexist move but due more to Charlie’s weight as a person. Short or not, he drew the energy in the room. It had been like that his entire life. But this ability to pull attention was a double-edged sword. Charlie received as much attention from assholes as he did from decent people. A life of this necessitated he learn to fight better than the average asshole. He spent a good portion of his adolescence in dim New York gymnasiums and Boys’ Clubs, a student of several schools of martial arts, weight lifting and bruises.
The doc squinted his wet road maps at Charlie. “So?”
Charlie opened his palm like a spokesmodel and offered up the sleeping customer.
“Gigantor here’s got trauma to both ear drums and maybe even a mild concussion.” A concerned frown creased Charlie’s forehead. “You might want to think about checking for a subdural in the rear of the skull, too. But I don’t think he’s got one.”
The doctor moved over to the snoring giant and pressed a couple of fingers against his throat. He shook his watch out of his sleeve, it flared in the wire tangle of hair at the cuff. “Tell me, doctor,” he said to Charlie. “What makes you think he doesn’t have a subdural hematoma?”
Charlie paused a beat. “Because I didn’t hit him hard enough for that.”
The doc glared. “You struck this man?”
“Had to.”
The doc straightened as if, by remote control, someone extended a rod that ran from his asshole to his shoulder blades. Charlie could tell right away that the man wasn’t seeing him but projecting some other old bullshit. That’s what most people were about when they tried to hand you negativity that didn’t belong to you. Even still, Charlie was tired too, and it wasn’t fair that this guy was about to dress him down for doing his job. “Listen, doctor,” Charlie started.
“No,” the doc cut him off. “You listen, nurse.” 
Charlie sighed. His shoulders slumped. Hell with it. This was how the world worked sometimes. It’d be over in a minute, and if he played it cool he could get out of this with little more than a reprimand that Julie would lose out of his file for him later.
“First of all,” the doctor began and crossed his arms. “I don’t know where you get off making a diagnosis about a patient—my patient—when you’re not even a second year med student. You’re a nurse. You’d do well to remember that.”
Charlie caught a flicker out of the corner of his eye. No more motion than the beat of a fly’s wing, but his hackles went up.
“I’m talking to you, nurse!”
Charlie looked up, muttered, “Sorry, doctor.”
“Secondly, how dare you strike a patient? We’re here to help people, mister, not give them contusions. Do you know what kind of legal turmoil you place this hospital in with your recklessness?”
Charlie just looked at him. Legal turmoil and malpractice. The modern version of the Hippocratic Oath. First, do no harm lest some schmuck hire Dewie, Cheatham and Howe. 
Charlie knew that answering the doc’s questions would only make matters worse. Somewhere along the way, someone, probably one of this guy’s parents, had bullied him right into the ground and broke off a part of his soul. The part that knew better than to be mean just for the sake of fear. Now, he’d gotten through medical school, was under a mountain of debt, and by Jehosephat, it was his turn to give some back.
He had kind of hoped that Julie would have thrown a little defense over his shoulder or something by now, but she had fallen silent. 
“Are you listening to me, pal? You’re in big trouble here.”
Charlie attempted to look like he cared. “Yes, doctor,” he said. Trouble was: he was a rotten liar. Always had been. And it showed.
“Oh, you don’t agree with me? You think it’s appropriate to beat a sick man?”
“Doctor,” Charlie tried. “When this guy came in he—.”
“When this patient arrived in our emergency room, nurse, he obviously sought medical assistance, but instead you,” he jabbed a finger at Charlie, “took it upon yourself to attack him.” The doc pointed his accusation wand back at the giant, keeping his eyes on Charlie, and that’s when Mama’s Boy leaned forward and bit it off.
Silence thudded down over the scene. The doctor gazed at his subtracted hand, the red bleached from his huge eyes. Mama’s Boy grinned triumphant, Cro-Magnon, a trillion years from sane. Charlie’s face twisted into pity: for the doctor, for the giant, for himself. A ruby drop of blood shattered on the linoleum. The doctor shrieked. 
And, the emergency room reeled off into the night like a ship in a gale.


~~~~~~~~




From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD


Friday, May 12th, 9:45pm

Interesting morning. No office hours as I was a guest lecturer at Columbia Business School. The board chair at the hospital has a daughter in the MBA program and decided to donate his pet psychiatrist. The class itself is a six-week seminar on executive leadership. My lecture focused on overcoming fear in high-stress environments. In this context the word “interesting” modifies the students not the class, nor my particular contribution. (In all honesty, I could care less about training a bunch of trust fund babies to anally savage the working and middle classes while maintaining an attitude of psychological bliss.) What got my attention in that lecture hall was an almost total lack of fear.
There was some wariness, but it wasn’t of the subject or of the hypothetical rigors of the business world. These young men and women were suspicious of each other and afraid of nothing else. Normally, when I walk into a room full of people (and this was a large lecture hall) I am struck by the miasma of emotional odor as happens when one enters a flower-filled hot house. There, though, it was as if I’d opened the door on a long unused closet in a dry climate; the scent of dust and perhaps an ancient rodent dropping or two, but little else—the scent of emptiness. 
I paused only a moment and delivered the lecture well enough. But that sense of reciting to a room full of video projections instead of living, breathing individuals was disquieting. Many of these people will comprise the richest and most influential one percent in our country. These will be the leaders and movers, some more powerful than heads of state. And they were afraid of nothing.
Not all sociopaths become mass murders. Some become MBAs.

Dreamed last night that I stood on the Jersey side of the river. A great white cloud (reminded me a bit of the footage of the smoke from the towers on the 11th, but moving in toward the skyline) boiled and rolled up the on the city. It was very quiet and I can remember thinking that I’d never seen a storm like it. The cloud—more a steam if that makes sense; they are the same, after all, but that was the impression—settled over Manhattan. After a moment and through the silence, the first thin screams floated across the water. The cloud was some kind of vaporous acid and was eating the city alive.

Experienced less than ten distinct emotions from the cloud. Maybe an anomalous low due to special circumstances at Columbia.

1 bowel movement, deep brown, no blood.
Urinated 6 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: Grilled chicken Panini, mixed fruit.
Dinner: Steak salad, blue cheese dressing, 1 glass syrah.
Water: 64 ounces.

—DF


Wednesday, May 17th, 9:51pm

Ended the day with a sense of mild disgust. Began well enough, easy session Y.J. and am making progress with G.P. I’ve begun standard aversion techniques, insisting that he handle a needless hypodermic. Made him practice filling it from a glass of water then squirting the contents into the African Violet I keep next to the couch. Perhaps, I’ll move him up a notch and include the needle next session. From there, I think I’ll have him inject an orange, etc. I’d like to get him to the point where he can draw his own blood in front of me without terror. He’ll always be afraid, but when I get him at least functional within his phobia, G.P. will make an excellent case study for the new book. The rest of the day was uneventful until the end. 
Today was hospital office hours and they’ve got me in that featureless warren on the same floor as the cardiac specialists. Interesting coincidence, but also something of a tease. I can imagine mining the trove of information on potential “clients” from the offices directly across the hall, but as my father used to say, “Don’t shit where you eat, Drum.” Sessions in a dull, beige box go quickly enough. Perhaps even more quickly than those in my uptown office—the view tends to distract from time to time and the sessions seem to race by when my focus in on the patient. In any event, I was locking the outer door and the damn clasp on my briefcase let go. My notes spilled everywhere and as I stooped to pick them up I almost bumped heads with a man in a dress. Not a dress per se, but clinging, women’s jeans and a mid-drift baring tee-shirt. 
He bent down to help me with my papers and some of the foulest emotions I have ever experienced wafted over me. I’ve never been able to brook the confusion that comes from brushing up against homosexual people. I find it akin to a kind of libidinous vertigo. Usually it’s manageable; most faggots are terrifically uncomfortable with themselves at such a core level that I find my own ego energy dominant, but not with this one. He/she/it (disgusting!) was just as comfy-cozy in his backward skin as any normal person. So thrown I could barely speak when he handed me my papers and wished me a pleasant evening. Felt like screaming.
I can only hope he was there because of some terminal heart defect. If such is the case, the world will only be improved the moment the time bomb in his shaved chest goes off.

Woke this morning with the impression that my skull was a house and that I’d only just gotten home in time to chase away some nosey kids who’d broken in to raid the liquor cabinet. Not a full-fledged dream exactly, but a feeling that I’d nearly caught someone else in my mind upon returning to consciousness. 

Experienced thirty-one separate emotions from the cloud, including that horrendous encounter with the homosexual. Seems like a lot this soon. I’ll maintain extra vigilance. Another session may be in order sooner rather than later.

1 bowel movement, brown, no blood, slightly soft.
Urinated 5 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: Fruit and yoghurt
Dinner: Enchilada and rice. 2 light beers.
Water: 64 ounces.

—DF


Saturday, June 1st, 8:01pm

Had a slow day planned. Had been looking forward to a stroll through Central Park, a visit to the zoo intended climax of the outing. I enjoy the animals; have since I was a boy. The human crowds ooh and ahh, their emotions insipid reminders of how little they actually know of their beast prisoners. Animal emotions are not as nuanced as human and in some ways this is a relief. People spend so much mental energy in the attempted disentangling of their own feelings. It’s arduous. Animals for their part, offer no such confusion. They feel what they are, entirely surface. In all truth, I can choose to screen them out, and do for the most part. The breath off a caged predator’s heart, a natural-born savannah sprinter, can be as foul as the exhalation over a rotting tooth. They’re soul-dead but I’m no necrophile. My interests lie in their reaction to my presence. Animals hate me. 
Animals fear me would be more accurate. There is no hate without fear. (Sidenote: My reaction to the homosexual bordered on hatred, yet I haven’t felt my own fear since late childhood. Could I have been afraid of him? More likely I reacted on a primal level to the biological perversion he represents—a kind of visceral revulsion to a cancerous tumor.) Animals have always shown disquiet under my gaze. I remember a visit to the monkey house at the Bronx Zoo as a small boy: one of the rare outings on which my father took my mother and me when she was able to prize him from his armchair. I stood on the other side of the bars from a small troupe of gibbons. At that stage in my development, the ability to feel others had not yet grown strong. I was aware of a malaise and general restlessness, but that could easily have been either of my parents. After a short time, the lead male took notice of my staring and began to pace. He then took to howling in a strange, deep hooting I could feel in my chest. (Strange to remember the sensation so vividly.) It wasn’t long before the others in the troupe joined in. I remember my mother’s gasp and her pointing, fleshy finger jabbing the air. Off to the side, away from the other monkeys, one of the gibbons had torn it’s own eyes out and lay bleeding on the straw. The one I had been staring at.
And so it was off to the zoo with me today. Nothing so dramatic to report as the incident from my childhood, but I did send an enclosure full of Canis lupi into a full-throated howling. Several of the pack had explosive diarrhea and fell to snapping at each other. It was a raucous spectacle. So long as I stood there, fixing them with my eyes, they bent their necks and sang at the sky. Eventually, a small cadre of zookeepers shooed away the growing crowd, but not before I spotted one of them loading a tranquilizer pistol. The wolves’ terror smelled of hot rock and pine and shit. A good Saturday.

Dreamed I held my father’s severed hands in my own but switched: his left in my right and vice versa. Woke sitting up in bed holding my hands in my lap, palms up. Pins and needles in my upturned palms as if the blood flow had been restricted.

Experienced ninety-one distinct human emotions from the cloud today, and a multiple of animal. The human emotions were, as usual, varied and complex, blurry. The animal, simple but pure: mostly fear. Another session looms, but I have yet to pick a client. Perhaps I’ll take a cue from the wolves and cull an aberration from the herd.

1 bowel movement, dark brown, no blood, good consistency.
Urinated 4 times.
Breakfast: 1 cup Special K, 1 cup skim milk, coffee.
Lunch: Hot dog with onions, Pepsi.
Dinner: Venison stew.
Water: 64 ounces.

—DF


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 5

HAD SAMUELS KNOWN that in ten minutes he would have a heart attack he might have been more direct during their conversation. He and Emily had left the coffee house and were strolling back toward the Morgan. After Emily’s bomb, they’d danced around the topic. In a week, if she wasn’t better, she was going to end her own life—what else could you say to that if you’d just met the person? 
They measured out the sidewalk squares, lit chemical orange by overhanging street lights. Samuels commented on how they resembled the lures of certain undersea fish, a light on a stick designed to attract unwary prey. Emily said she’d never been to an aquarium. He told her she must visit the one on Surf and West 8th Avenue. They spoke like a couple of teenage kids who’d just gone all the way in the back of daddy’s Ford Explorer. They both knew she had a pair of wadded up panties in her purse, but neither of them could deal with it head on.
As they got farther from the coffee house, Samuels began to speculate on this young woman’s mental stability. Certainly she was a very nice girl, open, had wonderful manners, and had made him laugh at several points in their short time together, but this business with the psychic powers? Samuels shook his head. He didn’t know. He didn’t know.
“What’re you thinking about?” Emily asked. “You were quiet there for a minute.”
He looked up, caught. “I was thinking about my wife.” Not a complete lie. He’d been thinking about her several hours earlier. A blush tinted his ashen cheeks.
Emily cast a sideways glance. “I noticed you’re not wearing a ring but that you used to.” She tipped her chin at his hand. “The dent shows on your finger.”
“I never wear it on this day.”
“What’s special about today?”
“It’s her deathday.”
“Oh, shoot,” Emily said, blood pounded in her face. “I’m sorry, Samuels.”
He gave her shoulder a quick pat. “Not to worry, not to worry. It’s been a long time since Greta went. Nineteen and eighty-four. It still hurts, but it’s a hurt to which I’ve grown accustomed.” He held up his left hand and inspected the white band of flesh around his finger. “It was damned hard to get the thing off. You’ll pardon my vulgarity, but it took a lot of spit and yanking.”
Emily snickered.
Samuels lifted an eyebrow. “Caught that one, did you? Sick mind. Good girl.”
“Why do you take it off, though?” she asked, then quickly added, “I hope you don’t mind my incredibly rude prying or anything.”
“Not at all, dear. I’d say we’ve progressed past the basic levels of bullshit politeness already this evening, wouldn’t you?”
Emily nodded and almost smiled. Her lips moved anyway.
“No, I take off my wedding ring because I want to make sure I’ve got a constant physical reminder of why today is special. You wear a wedding band long enough and you’ll forget it’s there as surely as you forget your own fingernails. Every now and again, I’ll look down and get a start because it’s not there. Then I’ll remember why, if I wasn’t already thinking about it.”
“How long were you married?”
“Since she was fifteen and I was nineteen. We eloped over state lines and lied on the marriage license to make her legal. When I think of the kind of trouble a person would get in for something like that these days…” He shook his head.
Emily’s mind dredged up Sheriff Andy Burton’s voice. Ten to twenty in a federal pen for kidnapping, transporting a minor over state lines and forgery for starters, pop.
“You must miss her a lot,” Emily said and was struck by the strangeness of the question. She’d never asked anyone how they felt about anything before. The knowledge had always just been there, right next to her own feelings, or worse, mixing in with them.
“Missing Greta’s a great deal like my joints,” Samuels said. “Always there, always painful, but mine.” They reached the sidewalk in front of the Morgan and he put his hand on her arm. “Once you face a pain, accept it, you own it and it can’t rule your life anymore.”
Emily took Samuels’s hands, the skin spotted with age, papery and cold. The flesh under his nails was brushed the thinnest blue. So strange, how simple it was to slur over and ignore the usual social boundaries, like touch and sharing personal information. Emily had been slipping into other people’s personal space her entire life without a second thought. Now that it wasn’t happening as a matter of course, she felt disconnected without the extra intimacy.
She looked into Samuels’s eyes—about to thank him for the wonderful conversation—in time to catch them rolling back in his head. His lips quivered and his knees collapsed as if a puppeteer had cut his strings. Emily caught him before the sidewalk could snap his glassy old bones. It was like clutching a pillow case filled with balsa wood.
For a moment, she just stood there in a one-sided, clumsy dance with an unconscious old man. Her father’s ghost smacked her upside the head and Emily began to shout for help. She expected the night manager of the hotel to come running through the front door. The entrance threw a wide bar of yellow light, but nothing else. Her voice grew horse with shouting after about twenty seconds. Samuels was getting heavy. Andy Burton spoke in her mind again, This isn’t Janesville, girl. This is New York. What’d I teach you?
Emily took a huge breath and brayed, “FIRE!”
Three seconds later, the Morgan’s front door disgorged the night manager, a little man with a strawberry mark on the side of his neck, heavy glasses and armpit stains. Emily hefted Samuels and flashed a bright smile, “Call 911, okay?”
“What’s going on here?”
“NOW, JACKASS!”
He disappeared back into the hotel, his feet touching the ground half as much as they had on the way out. It was 2:41 in the morning.

AT 2:58 EMILY found herself in the back of an ambulance that warbled and stammered over the streets. She pressed herself up again the wall and tried to give the EMT as much room as she needed. Samuels lay on a gurney, his eyes at half-mast. But he was breathing. The EMT, a stocky black woman in her thirties who smelled like soap and lilacs, muttered that his pulse was thready, but there. 
“Looks like a relatively minor episode,” she said, loosening Samuels’s collar. Her motions and tone were all business, quick and efficient, but then she placed a hand on the old doorman’s forehead and inclined her head a little. “You gon’ be fine, gran’ dad.” She looked up at Emily. “You related? Don’t look like you are.”
“No, ma’am. He’s—we’re friends.”
“Uh, huh,” she nodded and picked up a clipboard, began ticking off information. Radio chatter mixed with the muted blaring of the siren as the ambulance bumped over seams in the pavement. Light gleamed from crowded instrument arrays. After about a minute the EMT said, “This isn’t your first time in an ambulance.”
A montage of memory flickered behind Emily’s eyes like the circus of lights on top of the vehicle. “No.”
“Me neither.” The EMT flashed her teeth. “He’s gonna’ be okay, honey.”
Another minute or so of flashing, gently rocking silence passed between them, punctuated by the breathing of an old man in trouble. “When else?” the EMT asked.
“Sorry?”
“You been on an ambulance. Don’t mind my askin’.”
Emily waved her off. “No, no, it’s fine.” Her memory thew images, sounds, creased her brow. “My mother was killed when I was very young. I rode in the front seat next to the driver.” A far-away smile played on her face. “He let me talk on the CB. I was really little and I didn’t really get what was happening.”
“Sorry about your mama.”
“Yeah,” Emily said. “That was a long time ago.” She thought to stay silent after that, but it seemed to belittle the loss, how it had shaped her. “It’s been hard, though.”
“Should be. Your daddy take care of you?”
They took a hard corner. The EMT somehow managed to keep her center of balance without seeming to move at all. Emily had to steady herself with one hand against the wall. “He sure did.”
The EMT looked up, searched Emily’s face for the briefest moment, then went back to her work.
“He was my second ambulance ride.”
They bumped over a curb. Glass objects giggled off each other in some hidden cabinet under Emily’s seat. Her center of gravity was thrown forward and left there. The EMT looked up. 
“We’re here.”

THE HOSPITAL SENSED their arrival and opened its mouth, twin glass slabs whispering aside on their tracks. Emily trotted along just behind the gurney. She watched with a sense of detachment as the hospital gobbled up the old man who was not her father. Samuels’s left hand flopped to one side and time doubled on Emily. For a moment, she could have sworn she saw a ring on that hand where she knew one was not. It looked an awful lot like the scratched copper band that had served her father as a wedding ring. She blinked and the ring was gone, replaced by a line white line.
Emily’s feet stopped at the door. 
Hospitals were bad places for her. She’d been rushed through doors like these as a child, her mother bleeding to death from gunshot wounds. And so recently, her second trip. But aside from all of this, she dreaded hospitals for the miasma of emotion that always wafted from them like the breath of an adrenaline junky, thick with panic and poison. Funeral homes were harsh too, but at least the feelings had a consistency she could get used to. Emergency rooms in particular, had always thrown a range of intensity at her that was impossible to predict: rage and relief, panic and hope, joy and terrible acceptance. That last had always been the worse for her. It was the emotional equivalent of realizing that you could no longer tread water; that as the waves closed over your head you wouldn’t be able to struggle up for one more breath. 
The sensor over the door held the glass jaws wide for her. This would be one of the greatest tests of her plan.
Emily took a breath and hummed, “If I can make it here, I’ll make it, bum-dah, dum.”
She took five steps forward—she knew it was five, she counted—and the glass doors thumped shut behind her. Emily closed her eyes, found as much quiet in herself as she could and stretched. In the dark of her mind, the city’s heart sounds rushed and swelled into a roar. She could feel herself scrunching up her face, waiting for the hammer, but none came. The white noise was louder here, more intense, but the alien feelings were still drowned out. In fact, it seemed as if the more emotions there were, the more indistinct each became. Instead, of standing in the surf, she was standing in the surf during a downpour. She was getting soaked, sure, but it was even harder to keep track of each individual drop of water.
Now, even the rush and swell began to quiet as her mental ears became attenuated. Her other senses began to speak in the dark—edge of disinfectant on the cool, canned air; something to her left was beeping and she could hear the squeak of rubber-soled shoes approaching.
“Miss?”
Emily opened her eyes and tilted her head down a little to meet the eyes of a man in sea-green scrubs with a rough, stubbled head. The flesh beneath his eyes was puffy but they were bright. She guessed he might be wondering why this strange woman with the scrunched up face was just standing in front of the doors with her eyes shut and her fists bunched at her sides. As if to confirm this, his right eyebrow pulled a Mr. Spock. A smile ran up from Emily’s tummy. “Hi,” she said. 
Charlie caught her smile and returned it, surprised. “You okay?”
Her eyes skipped over his scrubs, noting his posture and round shoulders. “Are you a doctor?” she asked. And, oh, what was that, Miss Burton? You were just checking him out, weren’t you? Her face grew warm. “I came in on the ambulance.” Oh, Jesus. She felt like smacking herself in the head. I came in on da am-bu-lance with da’ pretty lights.
“I saw that,” he said and jerked a thumb over his shoulder. “They took the man you came in with into the back to make sure he’s stabilized.”
Emily dropped back in from lah-lah land, looking around the waiting area and front desk as if she needed to confirm what he’d just told her. “It was so strange, we were just talking and he went right down.” God, he had nice eyes. Brown with little flecks of gold around the rims. What was going on with her?
“Heart attacks happen like that sometimes,” Charlie said. “It’s not always like somebody grabs their arm first, or clutches their chest or whatever.” He brought his forearm up vertical and then brought it down horizontal with a whistle. “Sometimes it’s just—zort!” Zort? The fuck does zort mean, Charlie? Why don’t you flex a bicep while you’re at it, tell her about all the poetry courses you took in college. He looked at his feet. “Denny said he was already pretty stable, though, so I wouldn’t worry too much.” Looking at his feet made him feel shorter. He whipped up his head.
“Denny?”
This girl had some seriously amazing eyes. Super green. “Woman you rode in with on the wagon. Denise is her real name—Denny.”
“Oh, I liked her.”
“Yeah, I like her too. She’s tough.”
“Nice, though.”
“Yeah.” Zort. The fuck, man? “You want to sit down. You looked like you were about to fall over there for a second when you first came in. You okay now?” He opened his face a bit more and jerked his thumb over his shoulder again. “I could get a doctor.”
“No, no. I’m fine. I, um, I think I’m just really tired.” And she was. Emily had been asleep for the better part of two days until just a few hours ago, but it was still after three in morning. Her brain was nagging at her eyelids to shut. “It’s been an eventful evening.”
Charlie nodded and smiled sideways. “You want a cup of coffee?” Oh, crap.
“Sounds good.”
Oh, crap. “Okay, take a load off. I’ll go get us some joe.” Take a load off? Some joe? Was he going to fall into a full western twang, maybe swagger like a trail hand?
 “Thanks,” she said. “Sounds good.” Maybe she could say “sounds good” a few more times. Just as long as she didn’t make too big a show of staring at his butt as he turned around. 
“Be right back,” Charlie said.
Emily found she was, in fact, not just staring at his behind as he walked away, but scanning his entire body, admiring the way he moved. The guy rolled over the floor like a dancer, but he was solid. And, it just so happened that he did indeed have a very nice ass. Again, she was struck with how weird the way she related to other people had become since the volume on her power had muted. The empathic ability was shorted-out, so now she had to connect in other ways. Was this going to turn her into a slut or something? Charlie and his nice butt disappeared around a corner and Emily looked up.
Julie, the duty nurse, had returned to her station behind the front desk and was grinning at Emily, eyes squinted, head nodding ever so slightly. Emily turned as red as a July tomato. “Hi,” she said. Caught, so caught. She scrambled for something to say and came up with, “He’s nice.” Oh, for the love of Jehovah.
Julie chuckled. “Single, too.”
Emily crossed her arms, cupping her elbows with her hands. “Don’t tell him I was looking, okay?”
Julie winked and wiped the smile off her face as Charlie came back around the corner. “I didn’t know if you’d want cream or sugar or anything,” he said. “So I just crammed some of the fake stuff in my pocket.”
Julie snorted a laugh. Charlie ignored it, but his ears went holiday red. He handed Emily her cup and motioned for her to sit down. “Seriously, you should chill for a while. I’m not sure how long it’s going to be before we know something about your friend.”
Emily sat, exhaustion withering her onto one end of a bench. “Thanks,” she said and took a long inhale over the cup. “This is just what the doctor ordered.” She sipped and the heat ran the course of her veins as if she’d been injected. “Oh, hey,” she said. “You never answered my question. Are you a doctor?”
“No,” Charlie looked left, then right. This was the part where they suddenly started treating him differently. “I’m a nurse.” 
Emily didn’t blink. “Neat.” She patted the seat next to her. “Thought you were going to join me.”
Charlie’s face bloomed in a smile. He plopped down on the other end of the bench, hoping she hadn’t seen him trying to judge where to sit. He hadn’t been sure if the distance between them was right. He wasn’t very sure of anything at the moment. It felt like a lot more than just having the hots for someone. He was just plain delighted by this person.
He took a sip of his own coffee, the acid reacted with his saliva and made the inside of his cheeks hurt for a second. The first sip always did that to him. He swallowed and a yawn rolled out of him. “Oh, man. I’m sorry. This isn’t usually my shift. I took over for someone today—tonight. This morning.”
Emily nodded. “How long have you been awake?”
Charlie checked his wrist. “About forty hours.”
Emily noted the mix of delicacy and strength in his hand. His finger-nails were clean. She glanced at her own. They were clean. Mostly. 
“How ‘bout you?” he asked.
Emily laughed. “Oh, I’ve only been up since about ten this evening.”
Charlie’s eyebrow did the Spock thing again. “Yeah? How come you’re so tired?” She had patted the seat to tell him to sit down. It was absurd how much he liked that.
“That’s a loaded question.”
“I’m sorry,” Charlie blurted. “Listen, I didn’t mean anything.”
“No, no. It’s okay. I’ve just…” She looked at him. “I did a lot of traveling recently. Really long drive.” A sigh slipped past her lips chased by a laugh. “That and the first friend I made in New York passed out in my arms about a half an hour ago.”
“So you’re not a New Yorker,” he said, nodding.
“Way I talk, right?”
“You get a lot of accents in this town, but not usually ones that sound like commercials for dairy farmers.” She blushed. Charlie smiled and said, “You remember the old commercials with that guy who’d come on and say, ‘Wizghansin cheese is behtah’?”
She leaned back in her seat. “Okay, I don’t sound that bad.” She gave him a side eye. “Do I?”
“Nope. Difference between your accent and that guy’s is like John Cleese versus some Cockney cab driver. Yours is pretty light, but you can definitely tell you’re from Wisconsin.”
She tipped her head. “You like John Cleese?” 
“When I was a teenager, my best friend Ronny Erkhardt and I would sneak out at night and perform the Holy Grail as an opera. We used to go to this park near my house and jump around on the benches, singing and shouting the lines.” Charlie shook his head. “I must have seen that movie a hundred times.” He puffed out his chest and crackled, “How could a swallow carry a coconut?”
Without skipping a beat, Emily chimed in with an equally bad British accent, “It could grip it by the husk.”
Charlie’s eyes opened wide. “Tell me you’ve seen Apocalypse Now and I’ll ask you to marry me tomorrow.” As soon as it was out of his mouth, he wanted to yank it back in. Way to scare the hell out of the gorgeous woman you were just hitting it off with, Captain Awkward.
Emily’s eyes dropped to half-mast. She tipped her head to one side and threw an arm over the back of the little bench they shared. “Original or Redux?”
Oh, this was just too good. Charlie sat forward, now keeping his cards close. “And Star Wars—your take on Jar Jar Binx?”
“We could start by boiling him alive and feeding his remains to the Rancor Monster.”
Charlie couldn’t believe what he was about to ask. It just wasn’t his style, but—“You seeing anyone right now?” His heart began to thud so loud he was afraid she would hear it.
Emily could feel the grin bubbling up from her tummy again, that helpless, electric build as she said, “Depends on what you’re doing later.” 
Was this how it happened? She just walked into a place and found someone? Was it really that horribly random? Her heart had slowed to a Zen crawl, a sense of warm calm draping over her shoulders like a shawl. Emily looked at Charlie and felt good, excited and happy, but as if this was the most normal thing in the world. She kept thinking, Of course. Of course. Daddy would just kill her—would have killed her.
Charlie swallowed and his throat clicked. “Tomorrow,” he said. “I’m going to dinner with my new friend from Wisconsin.”
“Yes,” she said. “You are.”
The sound of a car bumping up over the sidewalk outside the entrance caught their attention and yanked their eyes off one another. A yellow cab lurched to a halt just shy of a concrete support pillar with a shriek of tires and a grind of the undercarriage against the curb. The driver’s side door banged open and a profusion of limbs and colored fabrics tumbled out. Charlie and Emily stood as the woman gained her feet and fumbled toward the entrance. The glass doors sighed out of her way. Minus the glare, the details of her state resolved. 
Her skirt was torn and half-turned around on her waist. One of her high heeled shoes was gone. Emily noticed the sexy crimson polish on her toes, popping through the ripped-out stockings. Her blouse was shredded and bruises marched across the promontories of her cheek-bones and forehead. A platinum wig was trying to edge off her scalp. She reached up and clutched the left side of her chest with a strong, angular hand. Emily blinked and got it: she was a man.
Martie Jenny locked her eyes on Emily. The left one was bloodshot all the way through the white making it look like a smooth red stone. The right was huge, imploring. Pain jabbed Martie like a pike and she winced. “Ohmigod, help me,” she gasped through gritted teeth and collapsed forward.
Charlie and Emily caught her in the basket of their arms.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 6

THE ANCIENT RAT stole across the warehouse floor. Time is relative, and so the age of this rat must be judged against the age of other rodintia of his order, his kingdom. It could be said that this clever assembly of spiky fur and oiled muscle was a king of sorts. Like kings he had enjoyed the attentions of scores of female admirers and had generated hordes of glint-eyed progeny. He had entered combat with a host of enemies. Other rats for the most part, but in his time the old one had taken down a few stray cats and even blinded an inquisitive Labrador. He had endured famine, counting long winter days off his ribcage; and plenty, feasting on all manner of garbage and prey. 
When the smells of blood and terror filtered through the wall, he followed his nose from a dark corner of the warehouse. He inched forward, rolling his claws inward to mute his passage; a trick learned long ago that had advanced him up the chain. 
It took him the better part of an hour, moving along the edge of wall. The shrieks of pain from the one who smelled like perfume and sweat froze the rat in his paces. There was some defect in that one. Had he had smelled it in one of his own children the king would have eaten the pup, lest that mistake imprint on his line and pass down. He waited for the screams to silence before scuttling along once more, straightening to match an angled shadow, flattening to slide under a box like a wisp of smoke. Then the other’s voice came, low and questioning. He too had a difference in his scent, an anomaly the king would leave alone were it to appear in one of his own, abandoning the pup to the fates. To sink his mouth-knives into flesh thus scented ran the risk of ingesting whatever caused it. After a time, the screaming stopped and the rat risked turning his reflective eyes to the scene in the middle of the floor. 
The Poison One stood over the Perfumed One, head inclined. The Perfumed One muttered, rolling his bleeding head back and forth. The Poison One leaned in. The king twitched his whiskers. The Perfumed One was feigning, he could smell it. The rat knew what was coming next, even if the Poison One did not. It was an old trick. His claws flexed as the Perfumed One whispered. The Poison One leaned in to hear and the Perfumed One lashed out, butting his captor in face.
The rat’s senses were keen but his understanding of space and action were not. Shouts and impacts. The scrape and yell of metal and the tearing of tape and cloth. The odor of tears and perfume retreating with the sound of uneven footsteps, clocking and thumping into the gloom. The cough and roar, the stink of one of their damnable metal beasts as it screeched away.
The king extended his neck and sampled the air, cocked his ears and caught the thud and whoosh of blood sounds. The Poison One was alive, but he was down. The rat’s mind stuttered: danger versus food. There was something in the man’s pocket, something sweet. Sugar meant strength and speed for fighting and fucking, fat for leaner times. The Poison One moaned, his scent shifted. He would wake soon and the opportunity would pass. The ancient king threw himself from the shadows and skittered over the warehouse floor.
A moment later, his snout buried deep in the man’s hip pocket, he swam in the scent of sugar and something foul even to his tastes. It was a scent that spanned his olfactory organ and his instinct, plucking at the part of his mind shared with all rats down the spiral of genetic time. It was wrong, toxic, outside of nature. He sank his teeth into the edge of a foil wrapper and began to jerk backward, perhaps too violently in his haste to escape that odor. Warm clamps encircled his ribs and stopped his breathing. He bit and squirmed, but only got a mouthful of expensive chocolate for his trouble.
A world of scent and shadow revolved like a spinning starfield as the man yanked the rat from his pocket and held him to his face. The rat’s mind began to darken with the asphyxiation, his struggling slowed. The man squeezed harder and several of the king’s calcified bones splintered, savaging his warm insides. His mouth filled with the taste of his own blood and mixed with the chocolate. It had been a long, hard life—a good reign.
Drummond Fine stared into eyes of the biggest fucking rat he had ever seen. His own eyes flashed black and orange, reflecting the crime lights from outside and the gloom from the warehouse. The damn thing had to be the size of a small tabby cat. Had a tail like a two-foot garden snake. With a last convulsion, the tail slithered around his wrist, warm and gentle. Drum’s lower lip pushed out. The rat had experienced a brief surge of panic, automatic to a struggling animal, but that was it. It hadn’t really been afraid of him at all.
He slung the dead rat across the warehouse floor with a casual overhand toss. The dark swallowed it with a wet fwap and hissing slide. The motion forged a band of pain around his skull, starting at the forehead where that sick little faggot had butted him. Drum got to his feet and wobbled. He grabbed the old metal office chair to which he’d duct-taped the queen and sat down. How had that little skirt-wearing piece of sub-human deviance gotten away from him? Drum’s head swam for a moment. He stuck his feet out straight and blew a slow muddy sound. The chair rolled a bit. Ah, that was it. The chair had wheels. The little fucker had been able to push around with those slutty high-heels of his…hers…whatever. Must have pushed himself just close enough to get better leverage than Drum thought he was capable.
“Next time,” he said, his voice spinning out in the gloom and slicking around corners, into hidden crannies, “no wheels.”
But would there be a next time? The faggot knew him, could identify him. Drum could deny the word of an unbalanced and confused young man like Michael McCafferty easily enough, but there might be evidence, DNA, minute particles of himself stuck to the person of that…
“Little. Piece. Of. Shit,” he growled, his fingers digging at the vinyl cushion of the seat then punching through into the desiccated foam rubber guts.
The cab was gone as well. The cab and its late driver. The faggot had escaped him and would now be driving the body of Drum’s latest victim to the police. Drum was as screwed as was possible. But how? How had the faggot gotten up the raw courage to lash out like that? No one understood fear as well as Dr. Drummond Fine. His book sales on phobia therapy and his psychiatric practice alone could testify to that. And the faggot had been afraid, terrified. 
Drum had pushed his mental fingers deep into Michael’s quaking psyche as he did now with his fingers into the seat cushion. He had asked questions, massaging Michael’s deepest terrors to the surface. Drum was an artist. Using a mix of traditional psychotherapy and his own special ability, he’d raced young Michael’s weakened heart to the edge and dangled it. At the moment of his greatest terror (Drum had convinced Michael that his mother really had taken her own life because of her son’s sexual orientation), instead of releasing the electric geyser of grief and horror on which the good doctor fed, the little faggot had somehow drawn inward and found strength—a strength he then used to bolster and attack.
Drum gingerly probed the growing lump on his brow. Should he run? Should he just give it all up and get on a plane? It might already be too late. By the time he reached the airport and had a ticket, airport security would already have been notified to keep an eye out for him. The train would be no better, the ports were too slow, and he didn’t own a car. Could he rent a car and just drive? No, they would have put a stop on his credit cards. Dammit, it was like 1984 in this fucking country. Goddamn terrorists. Crash a few planes and screw up the party for anyone else who wanted to do a little killing here and there. It was just un-American.
Drum giggled. The sound was ragged, just out of his control. He had needed that last one. He got by on those infusions of terror, they calmed him, sterilized him. Bolts of feeling as powerful as the psychic death-cry of a person frightened into a cardiac arrest were the only way he could clean his mind. And it was so dirty. All those trash feelings from all those trash people teeming in this trash city. Without his victims he would go mad. He knew this as sure as he knew the sun would yank itself over the horizon come morning. After all, it had happened before.

* * *

THE PRESIDENT RESIGNED after a major newspaper reported his connection with a politically motivated break-in at a well-known Washington, D.C. hotel. The Sovereign nation of India conducted a successful test of its first nuclear bomb. Turkish commandos flooded into Cyprus. Drummond Fine was losing his mind at the tender age of fifteen. It was 1974.
Drum sat on the front steps of his parents’ brownstone on a summer evening, his splayed arms propped on his knees. His elbows dug into knee-patches his mother had sewn on for him: big yellow smiley faces. In his left hand he clutched his thick black glasses, in his right a tuft of his own hair. Some matter that may have been a small part of his scalp garnished the end. His singular eyes were clenched shut. Drummond Fine sat still as stone and fought a losing battle against a rising tide of alien emotion.
At his back, his parents sat in the living room and played at civility. His mother was working on one of her needle points. She would be scrunching up her piggy features and whimpering when the project frustrated her. His father was reading the business section, ticking off the NYSE listings with his eyes. He would be holding a lit cigarette. He only held them. Drum had never seen him actually smoke except for the initial drag to light up. If one or the other of his parents happened to glance up and make eye contact, they would smile and go back to their respective amusements. Perhaps Drum’s mother would ask about his father’s day at the office. Perhaps his father would grunt a short complaint about a co-worker, a cab ride. Mother was thrashing against her lust for Mr. Trudeau, her tango instructor. Father lolled in the mire of a suffocating depression born of dissatisfaction with his family.
Drum could feel everything as if the emotions were his own. Had this overlap of feeling been confined to his parents he might have found a way to cope, but it was more, so much more. As he had aged the range of his ability had expanded like an enormous soap bubble, pulsing out from his skull. With every smoking birthday candle, the bubble engulfed more of the city, transmitting thousands more emotions into Drum’s mind. He used to be able to tune them out, but soon after the first strong twinges from what his mother referred to as, “Drummy’s little tinkler”, the boundaries between himself and others blurred out.
Every day was a soup of violent mood swings. He would be hurrying to school, consumed with his own thoughts (had he studied hard enough for today’s math test?), and his heart would wrench as a stranger who’d just lost their job, child, spouse, rushed by. Drum would find himself doubled over on the sidewalk, staring at the tops of his penny loafers as the sobs shook through him. 
One day he’d been watching a cartoon after school—an old Bugs Bunny where Bugs has special carrots that make him a superhero—when his mother came home from a dance lesson. She swirled into the house in her red dress, humming a tango under her breath and threw a “Hi, Drummy” over her bare shoulder before breezing up the stairs. Suddenly, Drum’s pants had been so full of hard-on he was sure he’d bust a seam. His heart had raced and he hadn’t been able to stop sighing for a half an hour.
And in the last few weeks of his fifteenth summer, Drum’s secret power had grown beyond his control. No one could know that as he sat on his front steps, the heavy July evening simmering around him, he could feel his mother’s, his father’s, his neighbor’s, and everyone else’s emotions as surely as if he lived in their heads. If his parents found out it would mean a beating from his father and tears from his mother. Eventually, it would lead to a prolonged stay at one of those special schools. He knew what those schools were about. They were really hospitals, but the patients didn’t get any better. They just stayed and got quieter and quieter. So Drum sat on the porch, drowning, the last of his sense of self-diluting away into nothing.
He heard the screen door open behind him. His father’s disappointment rolled over him along with the fumes from his unsmoked cigarette. Drum could feel him standing behind him, looking down at his son’s boney back, shaking his head, regretting. A thin man with black tortoise-shell glasses and a short-sleeved button down shirt, armpits yellow with stress and coffee sweat. His voice was deep but at the same time thin like he was. It was like he was always whispering. Drum thought that if a shadow could talk, it would sound just like his father. 
“What’re you up to, boy?”
For a horrible moment, Drum couldn’t answer, his speech center caught in a stutter of emotional overload. His father’s regret burned over into disgust, and after what seemed like forever, Drum managed a whispered, “Nothing.”
The sound of folding paper scratched his ears and two wrinkled one-dollar bills floated down over his shoulder. “Go catch a flick,” his father said. “Something.” His shoes scraped as he turned and walked back into the house. Drum’s eyes popped open, bright and charcoal in the low light, some quick night animal. As overwhelmed as he already was, he didn’t want to hang around for what was coming. He could feel it. His father was about to do something bad. Drum grabbed the money and got moving. 
As he rounded the corner, a spike of feminine surprise almost tripped him. Drum stumbled on the sidewalk and caught himself on a streetlamp; its broken bulb cast a puddle of gloom. His face twisted and the urine in his bladder burned. The panic rose, crested. A ragged shriek ran around the corner. Drum couldn’t be sure if it was in the air or just his mind.
His mother’s terror ate through him like acid, burning away everything else. The other hearts in the neighborhood, his father’s, even his own—every single emotion was cleaned away in the wake of his mother’s fear. 
Silence.
His eyes shifted left, right. He cocked his psychic ears and got nothing. His head was clean. In the umbrella of darkness his eyes went pitch black. But his smile was very bright. He had an idea. He knew just what movie he would go see.
A few hours later, Drum walked back from the Orpheus on 12th and Newton Avenue with a glide in his step. He’d sat in the theater before the picture started, surrounded by the usual susurrus mish-mash of feeling: horny kids made his cock pulse, distant couples made him feel gray, lonely singles out for a night on their own gave him a taste of defiance overlaying resignation. When the lights went down and the screen filled with shifting stains of light all those separate feelings were wiped away. The movie had been a little story of backwater carpentry called The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.
After the movie, Drum walked into his house and could already sense the stink of terror lingering in the air like his mother’s lust after her dance lessons. His parents were in their usual places—his mother in her chair, his father in his. Mother worked a needlepoint, but with something less than her usual concentration. She stared off to the side and hardly noticed when she pricked her finger. A drop of blood stained the work and still she went on. Her face was cobbled with dark bruises, her left eye swollen shut. Behind his newspaper wall, father radiated a deep calm, like the warmth from a gulp of good whiskey.
Drum, of course, could feel it all, but it didn’t get to him anymore. He held onto the fear from the movie theatre. He even drank some of stale stuff off from his mother, and it worked its tonic. He could still feel the countless others pressing their fingers into his chest, but it was distant now. He was clean and easy. 
He walked over and stood next to his mother. She registered his presence with a dissociated wince, never looking away from her needlepoint, but flooding him with fresh fear. Drum took a great gulp of air through his nose.
Father’s newspaper rattled. “How was the movie?” He even sounded drunk.
“Good, dad,” Drum said, dropping a hand on his mother’s shoulder. She tensed beneath his touch. “Thanks for treating me.”
“Anytime.”
Drum smiled. He hoped so.

* * *

DRUM TOOK HIS first victim a few years later during his second year of medical school at Columbia. She was in his gross anatomy class. Patricia Mills-Hansen had been her name and she made damn sure you never forgot the Mills part. 
Patricia picked up a scalpel and offered it to the gangly young man with whom she had been forced to partner. She might have deemed him worthy of a lay were he not so darn freaky. Those tinfoil eyes, the way he would sometimes squint behind his heavy glasses as if he expected a sucker punch at any moment, or was surprised by a shout only he could hear. His intellect seemed keen enough; he was nearly as intelligent as she. It was just… She looked at him over the cadaver, across an open digestive cavity, intestines looping in a gush of shiny rope. “Fine,” she said. “It’s your turn to cut.”
Drum blinked his twin search lights. They reflected white under the harsh fluorescent bars in the ceiling. “I did it yesterday,” he said and smiled, “Patty.”
She ignored this. Patricia had warned Fine and the other members of her lab group never to make the mistake of addressing her in such a fashion. Her name was Patricia Mills-Hanson, Patricia, or Dr. Mills-Hanson. Fine seemed to enjoy antagonizing her, but it wouldn’t be the first time a member of his gender had expressed sexual desire through passive aggression. She was, after all, brilliant and attractive with long, straight black hair and a well-honed musculature. Good genetics and a stern sense of time management enabled her to maintain an athletic figure. While she might understand his motivation, puerile as may be, she couldn’t abide the constant teasing. At least, the other two members of her lab group had respected her request.
Jodie Lincoln, future plastic surgeon (Patricia was certain she chose that specialty so she could maintain her own implants), and Robert Rose, future pathologist, crowded around the table with Patricia and Fine. Rose hadn’t expressed pathology as his chosen specialty per se, but every time Patricia looked at him—obese, flatulent, and obnoxiously good humored, like one of those long-eared Buddhas in a Chinese restaurant foyer—she could only imagine him in a morgue, eating a sandwich over a corpse and making bad jokes into the procedure-recording microphone.
Jodie bounced a step closer to the cadaver and offered her hand. Her fingernails were painted pink with white French tips. “I’ll do it, Patricia,” she said. “Drum’s right, he did it yesterday.”
Patricia tried not to allow disgust to surface on her face. Jodie was financing her studies with a lucrative career at a high-end “gentlemen’s” club. A piece of information she was all too proud to share. She’d even invited the lab group to one of her shows, promising discounts on drinks. Patricia found her school-girl flouncing tedious at best. And the fact that her attentions seemed aimed at Fine was beyond comprehension.
“Yeah, Patty,” Drum said. “Let Jodie stick im’ for once.” Had he known Patricia thought the stripper was into him, he would have laughed. Every last ounce of Jodie’s flirting was due to her enormous crush on Patty-cakes.
Standing on the opposite side of the table, Jodie leaned forward enough for her cleavage to peak and took the scalpel. She threw a soft squint at Patricia and then looked into the body cavity. A waft of formaldehyde tugged down the corners of her mouth; pink lipgloss to match her fingernails. “Um, where should I, uh, start?”
Patricia consulted her textbook, open on the table, the top edge not quite touching the cadaver’s outer thigh. Her eyes flicked staccato over the lines. “We should begin at the duodenum. That’s,” she looked up, her brow furrowed, “right around… Should be, um…”
Drum squished a finger into the guts on the table. “Here.”
“Yes,” Patricia said. “Just there.”
“Thanks, Drum,” Jodie Chirped. “Might wanna’ move that finger if you wanna’ keep it.”
Drum pulled back and asked, “Where should I put it, Jodie?”
Jodie concentrated on the incision. “Wherever you think would most benefit science, Dr. Fine.” Keeping her hands in the corpse, she looked up and threw him a wink. “Maybe up your nose?”
“I was thinking rectal exam,” Rose added.
Drum help up his index finger, retracted it into his fist and extended his middle. “Bend over, doctor.”
Rose chuckled. He thoroughly enjoyed this lab group. Jodie was a fantastic combination of eye-candy and well-hidden intelligence. Patricia’s intensity and insecurity made for a really good show almost every time they got together. And he was pretty sure that Fine was a low level sociopath, but the tension his weirdness introduced kept the dynamic interesting. That thing he did with sticking his finger into the cadaver’s guts was inspired, giving a stupendous squelch when he pulled it out.
He’d actually given the corpse a good slap across the face last week just to get a rise out of Patricia. It had, of course, worked like a charm. She’d called the professor over to the table to complain, but lost her nerve when he got there, making up some lame excuse or question. Fine had stared at her the whole time. 
Rose observed Fine as he observed Jodie’s cleavage. What kind of physician would a man like Drummond Fine want to be? Jodie leaned forward a bit more to get a better angle on her work. Drum’s eyebrows twitched. A shrink—no question. Well, maybe an Ob/Gyn, but the idea of someone as creepy as Fine with his hands on a newborn gave Rose the willies.
“Fine, could you please clear my field of view?” Patricia said. “I can’t see Jodie work.”
Jodie’s cheeks flushed and a wave of feminine heat rolled through Drum. He backed off a step, reeling in the fuschia burst of emotion. He shook his head to clear it. Jesus, and people were always saying that men experienced lust with more intensity. What a load. A man’s lust was more frequent, it seemed to him, more of a hot spike. When women lusted it was like being immersed in a soup of solar plasma. And Jodie had it real bad for Patricia. A bead of sweat slid out of Drum’s hairline.
Drum himself had stayed away from sex as much as was possible. Anytime he came close enough to the emotional states of people in thrall to sexual desire he lost himself as well, and shared in those desires. The consequence was an amplification of need until he succumbed. The few times he’d strayed too close to two people reflecting their desire back at one another, the results had been somewhat embarrassing. In the case of one person panting after another where that desire was one-sided, he could maintain control, as he now did with Jodie’s crush on Patricia. Still, if Jodie got this ramped up every time old Patty-cakes said her name, there was going to be a serious problem.
“I’m not sure I can quite reach,” Jodi said, angling her arms like a mechanic attacking a difficult carburetor.
“Perhaps some retraction?” Rose said, his hands glued in his coat pockets.
Patricia waited a beat and sighed. “Here,” she said and pushed her hands into the mess, pulling gently back on a mass of intestine. Her pinky brushed Jodie’s hand. Jodie glanced up and made eye contact for an instant.
Drum moaned, and then covered it with a cough. He turned away from the table and pretended to clear his throat while closing his lab coat over a growing erection. Jodie’s emotions were like a gas. He was going to have to leave in another minute, or explain to his lab class why he got off standing over a vivisectioned dead man.
He was saved as the power went out, plunging the windowless lab room into darkness. For a long moment there was nothing but the sigh of the HVAC unit ramping down. Someone gasped and many a young student mind whispered to itself that the sound had come from one of the open dead.
The professor’s voice sliced through the pitch. “Everyone please keep your places. Most likely it’s just a fuse. The emergency generators should have kicked in by now. I’m sure they’ll be up in a moment. Those of you holding instruments, please keep as still as possible.” This wasn’t the first time the wiring in the venerable old building had failed.
An emotional gumbo of worry, giddy adventure, and annoyance slopped in Drum’s chest, but he was grateful. Jodie’s heat wave had tapered off to almost nothing, her feelings merging with the general wash of the room. A low murmur snaked through the room like a mist around their ankles as the students grumbled or joked. Someone gave off a harsh giggle, a sound just south of laughter.
Rose grunted, “When’s the movie start?”
“Know what this reminds me of?” Jodie said. “That old Halloween party thing kids do. You know, where they make everyone close their eyes and pass around like a bowl of cold noodles or whatever, and tell you it’s a deadman’s brains?”
Rose and Fine both barked a laugh. Patricia was silent.
“Oh, c’mon, Patricia,” Jodie said. “You’re up to your wrists in bowel, too, doesn’t it kind of remind of you that?” She thew a theatrical quaver into her voice. “Theeese are his braaaaaainssss.” She laughed. “Of course, we should reverse it ‘cause we really are touching a dead guy. We should be like, This is a bowl of noooooodles.”
Drum was about to chime in when he stiffened, his jaw clicking shut. The reek of formaldehyde sharpened. He began to sweat. A swarm of fear was wriggling up his spine. When it reached his chest, Drum’s heart skipped a beat. It was Patricia. She was horrified. The liquid sound of someone removing her hands from the cadaver slicked their ears. Drum could only listen and experience. It felt like he was going to have a heart attack. And it was wonderful. All those other emotions, the noise of his own thoughts and worries, the trash and dreams of everyone within his ever-growing range was blotted out in a white wall of terror. And just as he thought he might swoon with the relief and purity of Patricia’s fear, the room was awash in sterile light.
“Whew!” Jodie said, pulling her hands out of the body. “My hands were beginning to cramp.” She started at Patricia. “You okay, honey?”
Patricia had backed away from the table. Her face was bloodless; her minimalist eye makeup had run in thin lines down her cheeks. The tendons in her neck stood out like banjo strings. One hand clutched her left breast, the other was splayed in front of her like an animal surprised by a predator. The sleeves of her lab coat were stained a watery mustard color. Rose looked from Patricia to their cadaver and saw why: She had clawed open a thick cable of intestine, releasing its contents. He looked back at Patricia. She was having a heart attack. “Professor!” he shouted. “We have an emergency over here!”
The entire room seemed to shift over toward their table just as Patricia’s eyes flickered up in their sockets and she collapsed. A young man from the adjacent table, who Rose liked to think of as “The Life Guard”, caught Patricia before she could smack to the floor. The professor blustered through the gathering students, yanking a stethoscope from his lab coat pocket. He put an amplified ear to Patricia’s chest and pronounced, “We’ve got an infarction,” in the best tradition of useless soap opera doctors throughout history. No one noticed Drum swaying on his feet with a look of slobbering rapture across his face.
When it was all over, Drum, Jodie and Rose got together over a beer at The Flat Line, a watering hole situated just off the medical school campus. It was early yet on a Tuesday evening, but the bar was full. Medical professionals have one of the highest incidences of alcoholism and it looked like a good portion of New York’s future doctors were attempting to get ahead of the curve. The bar was bright with noise and sloppy, gluey feeling. Drum ignored it, still riding clean. He smiled, glowed, and sipped his beer. “Weird day, huh?”
Jodie stared into her gin and tonic. “What the hell happened in there?”
“Phobia’d be my guess,” Rose offered and popped a peanut into his mouth. His cheeks were already greasy with previous grazing. “That and some sort of congenital defect.”
“Yep,” Drum said. “Looks like ol' Patty’s ticker-roo was a wee bit burpy.” He mused. “My father had an old Dodge like that.”
“Drum,” Jodie flared, a Queens tint to her voice. “The hell’s the matter with you?”
He blushed, “Just kidding, Jodie. Relax.”
She shook her head and turned back to Rose. “What’re you talking about with this phobia stuff, Bob?”
Drum leaned forward.
“Well,” Rose said. “Sometimes people have these nasty little triggers in their noggins, just waiting to get yanked by a certain stimulus. Doesn’t have to be a rational thing, but once it’s set off, it hits with a serious bang. Sometimes you don’t even know you have one.”
Jodie sipped her drink and grimaced. She’d asked for strong and the bar tender had gone nuclear on her when he got a look at her shirt, or rather the painted-on fabric that served as a shirt. “You really think it can cause that—I don’t know—that violent a reaction?” 
“Yeah, sure,” Rose said. “Kind of like anaphylactic shock of the brain. Instead of having some aberrant set of genes that are just waiting for a bee sting or,” he crunched another peanut, “the right kind of nut oil, you look out the window of a high building or walk around the corner and meet a stray dog.”
“Adrenaline dump,” Drum grunted.
Rose lifted an eyebrow. “Zactly. You can’t control it. A spider drops on your arm and you fuckin’ freak. You got a bad heart and the freak-out’s big enough, well…” He spread his meaty arms.
“What could her phobia have been, do you think,” Jodie asked, “that the lights going out would have pulled her trigger like that?”
“Dunno’,” Rose crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair. “Claustrophobia maybe. I’ve heard of claustrophobics being afraid of the dark, too.” He wiped at a grease stain on his shirt, made it worse. “For that matter, she might just have been afraid of the dark, period.”
“Burial,” Drum said.
“What?” Jodie said.
He didn’t register her, whispered to himself. “She’s afraid of being buried alive.”
Rose gave a sideways glance at Fine. “Okaaay. Well, anyway, at least she’s going to be all right.”
Jodie sat up. “What? Wait, how do you know?”
“I called a friend in residence on the cardiac unit before we came over here. It was a really tiny infarction. He said almost more of an arrhythmia, a hiccup. Ms. Mills-Hansen was stable by the time we three partook of our first libation.”
“You jerk!” Jodie said, reaching across the table and whapping Rose on his ham-hock of a shoulder. “You could have said something.” She nailed him again, but smiled doing it.
Drum rejoined the conversation. “Thank goodness Patricia’s all right.”
Jodie and Rose both looked at him. Drum favored them with a white grin. His eyes flashed red from the neon behind the bar. “Next round’s on me.”

FOUR NIGHTS LATER, Drummond Fine strangled Patricia Mills-Hansen with her own phobia. It was simple enough: finals were around the corner and extra lab time was at a premium. Drum made sure he had some to offer. He overheard Patricia bitching about how she had missed precious class time while under observation for what was really nothing more than a fainting spell. She was just overworked was all. Drum jumped at the chance and gave up his lab time…for twenty bucks. He hadn’t wanted to seem over anxious, and she had accepted. When she showed up at the anatomy lab, he was waiting for her.
Patricia paused outside the double doors to the lab at nine o’ clock on a Friday night. She checked the sign-up sheet, noted the slot where Fine’s name had been crossed out and hers written in, and gave a nod. There were four other open slots for this time, but “Cancelled” was written next to each name. Patricia shook her head. Idiots. Wasting valuable study time so they could drink and mate with one another. Of course, it had been a while since the last time she’d mated with anyone, but there would be time for that after she graduated. She sighed, a loud sound in the empty hall, and pushed into the room.
A fleet of long tables floated on a linoleum sea, their captains lay encased in plastic bags. The silhouettes were broken and strange, their meticulous dismantling unmistakeable through the translucent skin. Body bags always reminded Patricia of insect cocoons. “No butterflies here,” she muttered and was surprised at how the room swallowed the sound of her voice. She was used to this room being filled with careful bustling and subdued conversation, the clank of instruments and the occasional muted splash. “Quiet as a tomb,” she said. Funny. She didn’t laugh.
She wove her way between the tables, lifting her elbows and staring straight ahead at her goal: table 14, her group’s cadaver. By rights the rest of them should be here with her, but apparently they didn’t need to study. Well, that wasn’t being fair. When Patricia had asked, Jodie had been very enthusiastic at the prospect of putting in some extra lab time with her but had a shift at her disgusting club and claimed to need the money too much to cancel. Rose had shrugged it off, saying that he was confident of his accumulated knowledge. Arrogant slob. And Fine, it was just as well that he valued twenty dollars over a higher grade point. Heck with them. She would study on her own. Probably do better for it, too.
Her hip knocked against the corner of a table. “Oop!” she froze, hands out in front of her as if she were caught typing a secret love letter. After a moment, she dropped them and muttered, “Grow up, doctor. You’re acting like a kid.” If Fine or one of the others saw her they’d laugh their fannies off. As if in response, some part of the cadaver on the table she’d hit shifted, whispering against its chrysalis. She froze again and with concerted effort forced her heart to slow. She was a physician, or would be. This behavior was ridiculous and beneath her. That, and she could ill afford another episode. The heart attack had been mild, but her heart was damaged now and could become arrythmic more easily than before. She closed her eyes, waited for her heart to slow, then opened them and walked to her table.
She unzipped the bag with maybe a little too much force and was greeted by a noseful of formaldehyde and checked decay. “Good evening, Fourteen,” she said. Fourteen, whose face, hands and feet were wrapped in light muslin for dissection next term, said nothing. Patricia looked over the torso. The flaps of Fourteen’s Y-incision were folded shut, their edges puckered and discolored. She slipped on her gloves with a practiced snap and laid her instruments out along the table.
Something moved behind her.
Patricia’s head whipped up. A coil of hair slipped the confines of her bun and bobbed like a spring. She scanned the rows of dead and held her breath. After a long moment of silence, she let it out and shook her head. Being a dumb kid again, Patricia. It was just one of the bodies shifting or settling. They did that. Like ice melting in a glass. It was normal, especially considering all the manipulation the tissues had endured. This was the end of term, they were practically falling apart.
She forced herself to concentrate on her work, reviewing the bowel and digestive tract. She thought of her mother’s face as she slipped her hands around loops of intestine and what it would look like if she graduated without honors. 
Twenty minutes later, she was wandering the visceral pathways of a dead man when the lights went out. Patricia froze, her breath caught. She listened to the dark and heard it call to her in the slow thunder of her own heartbeat. Boom. Boom. Boom. The voices of reason—her cardiologist, her mother, herself—sparkled at the corners of her mind, but the fear overrode them. Her skull, mouth, throat, gut and crotch filled with writhing snakes. At the far edges of her consciousness she wondered when her chest would start to hurt. Boom. Boom. Boom. It didn’t take long. The pain spiked behind her left breast and rolled along her arm, gripping and grinding.
Patricia’s reflexes broke the spell as she dragged in a great gulp of air. She lurched away and backed into another table, a hard curve of skull pressing into her butt with a sensation that was almost intimate. She gave a yelp and careened forward, sinking her left hand into Fourteen’s open intestinal cavity with a wet slurp. “Oh, God,” she moaned and staggered to the side. The pain in her chest and arm was actually helping to clear her mind somewhat. She knew she needed to get out of the room. Out of the dark. Out of the maze of silent dead… Before she woke one of them.
Boom. Boom. Boom.
Her peripheral vision flashed in time to the explosions from her chest, but it was a cruel joke. The light was only in her mind and gave no direction. Using the sides of the lab tables to guide her, Patricia began to stumble toward where she thought the doors might be. Her left hand trailed along the edges of the tables, her right clutched her breast. It hurt. Oh, mommy, it hurt so bad. She made a fist and struck at her chest, trying to attack the source of the pain. But she was weak and the blow was little more than a limp caress.
Patricia lost her footing and went down on one knee, pain flaring from her kneecap. Another useless burst in the void. Now she was on the floor below the line of the tables. They could just reach over and grab her hair, or flick her ear lobes like her older brother used to do. They could do worse, they could pull her hair and move her head like—
Light! 
A pencil-thin line along the floor just to the left. The doors! She was so close, just a few feet off to the wrong side. She could get out. She could get into the light and her heart would stop hurting and then she would be able to see and then she could sit down and then her heart would stop hurting and they wouldn’t be able to get her. Patricia grunted and hauled herself off the floor. She stumbled forward. She was going to make it. She could get out. She put her hands out in front of her to push the swinging doors open and flood herself with light. Her palms collided with a sheet of cold plastic and the pliant resistance of flesh beneath.
BOOM!
The rattle of a long zipper.
BOOM!
The reek of formaldehyde.
BOOM!
Fingers on her wrist.

The night custodian found Patricia Mills-Hansen’s body crumpled up a heartbeat from the door. Rigor mortis clamped the terror on her face and welded her eyes open. The only marks on her well-maintained skin were the five red crescents from where she’d clawed her own breast and the streaks of minimalist make-up from her tears. Cause of death was listed as massive myocardial infarction. Her recent history was taken into account and no further investigation was conducted.
Five days after Patricia’s funeral, Drummond Fine decided to specialize in psychiatry with a focus on phobias. It had been an easy decision. He’d been remarkably clear-headed in the days leading up to it.


~~~~~~~~




From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD


Monday, June 25th, 1:12am

Calamity. Catastrophe. The client escaped. I may be undone by a confused boy in a dress! The horrid, sick, disgusting drag queen surprised me. I turned away my mental focus for an instant and he/she/it (Filth! Filth!) got the upper hand. The faggot knows my face, my name. IT HURT ME! This is what I get for hunting too close to home. Ah, but he seemed so perfect—the heart defect, the reservoir of fear and insecurity, the lack of familial ties. Still, too close to home and this is what happens. I have to undo it. I have to finish it, finish him. I’ll start with the hospitals…

—DF


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 7

SAMUELS WAS DEAD. He had to be. How else could you explain the angel at his bedside? It was possible she might just be a beautiful young woman with intense green eyes, but Samuel’s didn’t know any beautiful young women anymore. The last one had been his wife, Greta. He’d always assumed that when he woke up in heaven she would be there waiting for him as he remembered her. But Greta had black hair and this woman had sandy blonde hair. The light caught a silver strand near her temple and lit it up like a tiny neon tube.
His voice rasped in a dry throat. “Are all Seraphim as pretty as you, my dear?” Could people have dry throats in the afterlife?
The angel smiled, sweet lipped and gentle. “You scared me.”
Samuels blinked. His head hurt. Come to think of it, they probably didn’t have headaches in heaven either. As he rose through consciousness, Samuels began to question his initial assumption. “Not dead am I?” He blinked again. “I know you. You’re not Greta, but I know you.”
Emily hesitated only a moment, then pressed her hand down on his liver spotted forearm, careful not to touch the IV where it punctured the papery skin.
His eyes cleared. “Miss Emily.”
She nodded and repeated. “You scared me.” Her throat thickened with surprising tears. She swallowed and blinked them back. “You’re one of the only friends I’ve got in this big old city.”
Samuels caught a whiff of perfume. Nothing too strong, just a suggestion of the feminine on display, wild flowers and clean skin. She was wearing a black spaghetti-strap tank top that showed off her swimmer’s shoulders. He chuckled and chased it with a wince. His chest felt like Joe Louis had been practicing hay-makers on it. “You met someone.”
Identical splashes of pink brushed her cheekbones and her lips curled up at the corners. “When I brought you in,” she said. Emily told him about Charlie and recounted the events of the previous night.
When she was finished, Samuels reached over and took her hand in his. “Thank you, miss Emily. Thank you for my life.”
She began to balk, but he squeezed with enough force to quiet her. “This is more important than manners and shyness,” Samuels said. “I would be dead were it not for you.” He grinned. “This is all so wonderfully melodramatic, don’t you think?”
“You’re welcome, Samuels.”
He patted her hand. “Good. Now, tell me more about this young man.” He tented his fingers on his chest and snuggled into the pillows. “Charlie was it? You have a date with him later this evening.”
Emily sat back. “How’d you know that?”
“You smell like flowers and look rather fetching. I suggest you show off those shoulders of yours more often. They’re as creamy-dreamy as a couple of scoops of vanilla on a July afternoon.”
The pink rushed back into Emily’s cheeks. She squinted and clasped her hands. “I do have a date with him. I’m so excited about it I can hardly stand myself.”
“That’s wonderful. I’m gratified to know you have more than just a rickety old man for an acquaintance in New York—beautiful young woman like you.” Samuels paused a moment. “And that other thing—your experiment? How does that fare?”
Emily sat up and showed him a prim smile. “All’s quiet on the Western Front for now.”
He touched her hand again. “Your not still thinking of taking your own life?”
“I wish I’d never told you about that.”
“But you did and now you mean something to me.”
She looked at him. “You can’t tell anyone, Samuels. You can’t.”
He opened his mouth to speak.
“I mean it. You rat me out and I’ll vanish. My dad is a—was a cop. I know what it takes to drop off the grid well enough.” She touched the edge of his sheet, played with the fabric. It was clean but coarse. She thought about thin skin and bed sores. “Besides, the way things are going I won’t need to do that.” She looked up at him. “I’m starting to wonder if I can still feel other people at all.”
“Really?”
“I’ve still got the white noise, but it’s like…” Her head tilted to one side, her eyes retreated. “It’s like it’s all a lot less noticeable. Like I’m getting used to it so much that I don’t even know the white noise is there anymore.”
“I’m very happy to hear that.”
She focused hard on him. “You don’t think I’m nuts.”
“Thought we’d been through this already. No, I don’t think you’re nuts.” He smiled. “Sometimes you can just tell when a person is telling the truth. And not the kind of truth you get when you talk to crazy people who believe they’re the second coming of Vishnu or whomever well enough to pass one of those FBI polygraph machines.”
Emily laughed. “Don’t worry. I know for sure that I’m not the second coming of Vishnu.” She cut her laugh in the middle and leaned in close. “I’m the second coming of Christ.” She waited a beat and crossed her eyes.
Samuels blew a raspberry. “Is this how you treat the dying?”
“Please, the dying. You’ll be out of here in another day or two.”
“Speaking of getting out of here—when’s your date?”
“I’m meeting himmm…” Emily checked her watch. “Oh crap, like three minutes ago at the admin desk.”
“Beautiful women and their sense of time.” Samuels shook his head. “If I had a dime for every time Greta every made us late for a party. Get out of here and have a wonderful time. I’ll expect a full report tomorrow.”
Emily stood and saluted. “Yessir.” She threw him a wink he wouldn’t soon forget and left. Wonderful shoulders on that girl. With Greta it had been her hair, a lush obsidian slick. Greta’s hair blowing on some orange October wind, framing her face just so. Samuels sighed and wondered what Emily’s love life was like; if her gift/curse enhanced it or made it impossible. He’d have to ask her about that sometime. Take a little courage, though, even from an old goat like him. Excuse me, miss, when your lover has an orgasm do you feel it too? Samuels laughed at himself. Perhaps he’d wait until their friendship developed a little further.

* * *

EMILY WALKED DOWN the hall toward the elevators, hips swinging and strappy sandals clocking. She hadn’t had a real date…well…ever, but her night out with Charlie would be different. She’d been out with plenty of people, but it never worked as she imagined an actual date should. 
Her romantic life had always operated on a simple process. If a man was attracted to her enough and enjoyed a certain level of confidence, she inevitably picked up on that. The emotional boundaries between her and the man would blur to the point where she would experience and reflect his attraction. Believing her reaction to be an indication of her own feelings, the man would then become even more excited and the cycle would feed back on itself. The end result was almost always a one night stand from which Emily would flee as soon as her mate started snoring. She had too many memories of staring at her reflection in some stranger’s bathroom, dead-eyed and smeary. It always left her soul feeling like a rotted tree.
Her father had often suspected that Emily had begun her sexual life early. He’d done his best to outfit his girl with the kind of knowledge and self-respect a young woman needed to get through the transition. Emily might not have had a mother and he might have been pretty ignorant when it came to the girlie stuff, but Andy Burton would have been damned if his girl ended up going down the wrong path because he’d been a lousy guide. He’d given her all the literature, taken the time to have all the embarrassing talks, and made sure she knew that he was there for her no matter what her questions might be. 
Andy had even taken a semester of Women’s Studies through the Continuing Ed. Curriculum at nearby Beloit College. He’d drawn more than a few poison glances being one of two men in a room full of womyn, but it had been worth it. At the end of the term he had a better understanding of women and womyn and what they endure within the white male dominated patriarchal society, of which he was a filthy, if ignorant, chauvinist pawn. He wasn’t sure if he could be a better father because of it, but at least he’d read some good books. He’d enjoyed Moon Goddess: A Feminist Study of Lesbian Erotica probably more than had been required. 
He even got a date out of the experience. One day one of the women (sorry, womyn) demanded to know why he was in the class. Andy explained his situation as the single father of a young girl and his desire to better guide her through her development. The class had fallen silent, simmering in a stew of grudging admiration. The professor had cornered Andy a week later and asked him out. The sex had been great, but she had been interested in little else, and Andy couldn’t waste time with a woman who wasn’t interested in being part of a family. When it was all said and done, he had received an A for his extra credit work. He hadn’t thought his academic work worth more than a B, but beggars not being choosers and all…
After all the talks and books and interrogation, Andy Burton had been satisfied that he’d armed his daughter with all the weapons she would need. He gave her his trust and stepped back.
Emily had taken it all in good stride. She loved her father, but she had been an early bloomer, developing those long legs and magnetic curves by the sixth grade. By then, Andy had been a little late. Emily had already been sleeping with boys and even a couple of adult men for about a year when he started her education. She had her first abortion at sixteen, catching a ride to Madison for the procedure with a pasty-faced, but relieved nineteen-year old. She had her second and last a year later before she finally broke down and asked Andy’s help to pay for the birth control pills. 
That final pregnancy had been nine weeks along before Emily terminated it. She would have realized sooner were it not for the periods. It was rare, but it happened. The flow had been a little lighter than what she had been used to, but there it had been in red and white: All Clear. She might have gone on for months without knowing, but then one morning she felt something, an empathic kick. 
It was weak and raw, nothing so developed as could have been categorized as an emotion, but it was enough to alert her to the other. When the clinic admissions councilor asked her if she’d had a pregnancy test, Emily had lied and said “yes.” She didn’t need to pee on a stick to know what she had felt. She hadn’t missed a single day of the pill since.
From now on, her love life would be different. Starting with Charlie, everything would be the way it was supposed to be. Like the movies or those crappy books in the airport with the greasy, shirtless men on the covers. With her abilities dampened, she wouldn’t fall prey to the sexual cycle as she had in the past. What she felt for Charlie was just that: what she felt. It wasn’t a reflection and subsequent amplification of his attraction for her. And if it didn’t work out because she suffered from some emotional delusion, it would be her own head trash doing the deluding and no one else’s.
She was pretty sure Charlie had the hots for her well enough. Although she couldn’t be certain. How people got through life without being able to read each other’s hearts was beyond her. She smiled as she hurried for the elevator, remembering the way his pupils had dilated when they first talked, and her own rapid pulse. Well, there were other ways to know what was on a man’s mind. She’d get the hang of them.
Emily rode the elevator down to the main lobby and when the doors opened—bing—there he was. Charlie leaned against the admissions desk, dressed in a pair of old blue jeans and an open throated white button-down. He held an open manila file folder, rooted to its contents, his forehead all lines. Emily glanced at the notch at the base of his neck and found herself stuck there for a second or two longer than was perhaps ladylike. He felt it and looked up, the lines of concentration melting from his face. He put the file down and took her hands as she drew near.
“I,” he said, “am very happy to see you again.”
She leaned in and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. This is how this happens, she said to herself. This is how this happens. “Whatcha’ readin’?”
“Hmm?”
She grinned and dropped his hands. Emily pointed to the file. “That. What were you so serious about a second ago?”
“Oh,” he clouded. “That’s the file for that woman, uh, man, in the cab. One who crashed.”
“Right,” she said. Torn dress, pale skin, the big male hands with polished nails, the terror and choked request for help. “Is he going to make it? She?”
“He, probably.”
“Probably?”
“Probably would want to referred to as a ‘he’ when not otherwise dressed for the part,” Charlie said. “I think that’s the proper ettiquette anyway.” He shook his head. “It doesn’t look like he’s going to be able to tell us one way or another.”
“Yeah?”
“Coma. The heart attack was massive—congenital thing. It looks like a kind of sensitivity to adrenaline with the result being cardiac arrest. Turns out he was already a patient here for the condition. We have a specialized cardiac care unit here. Anyway, he suffered a shock that set him off and by the time he got in here his bloodflow had been restricted. There was a lot of brain damage from the lack of oxygen, so we don’t know if he’s going to come out of it or what.”
“Suffered a shock? Like what?”
“That’s one of the things I’m sure they’d like to ask him.”
“Is he like, I dunno’,” Emily cringed. “A vegetable? I don’t know the nice way to put it.” 
“Well, the nice way to put it would be ‘permanent vegetative state’, but we professionals like to say broccoli.”
“Cute. Very sensitive.” 
“Thank you,” Charlie said. “Honestly, though, I couldn’t tell you if his brain’s Jell-O or what. It’s not in the file. They’ll have to do a neurological work-up and see what they’ve got to work with. I know the cops are anxious to talk to him.”
“The cab driver,” Emily asked, remembering the drag queen’s corpse passenger. “What was the deal with him?”
“They ghouls are still working up the COD. We won’t know what…” 
She was staring at him.
Charlie smiled. “The medical examiner’s team.”
Emily laughed. “I should’ve caught that one. My dad always called ‘em ‘The Mad Doctors’. He sometimes had to run bodies up to the state ME’s office in Madison.” She shifted her gaze and grew quiet.
“You miss him.”
“So bad you wouldn’t believe it.” She set her face. “He was my hero. You get that?”
“I get that.” Charlie nodded. “Had one of those myself.”
Neither of them said anything. The sounds of the hospital flowed in: electronic beeps, a squeaking wheelchair, a page for a Doctor called Fowler.
Emily asked after a moment, “Had?”
“Dad’s gone,” Charlie said. “He was working construction—night foreman on a highway crew—and a big truck with a sleepy driver came along.” He shrugged. “I was about ten. Long time ago now.” He looked at the floor. A crack in the linoleum snaked out from under his shoe like a river seen from orbit.
A spike of melancholy flared in Emily’s mind like a single pixel in a field of TV snow. She tensed. It was Charlie’s feeling, and the first foreign emotion she’d felt since she arrived in New York. If that was as close as she was going to get to tuning in to someone else’s emotions it was okay. She could let it go. And if it meant that the white noise effect was wearing off, well, hell with it, she was still going on her damn date. She could eat a bullet later if she had to.
She gave him a soft chuck on the shoulder. “You want to get out of here?”
Charlie brightened. “Let’s roll.” He offered the crook of his arm and she made a show of threading the needle with her own. Emily had the urge to lean her head on his shoulder, but held off. This was not someone she intended to scare off. But maybe that wouldn’t happen with Charlie. There was something…not a feeling, really. A bond perhaps. It was beyond her empathic ability, bigger. 
“You like sushi?” he asked as they moved through the lobby.
“I’m from Wisconsin.”
“What, they don’t do dead raw fish in dairy land?”
“I’m just not into dead—” Emily froze in her tracks. The blood drained from her cheeks.
“Hey,” Charlie said. “You okay?”
Emily’s head revolved like a security camera and stopped on the lobby doors. They slid open and a man walked into the hospital. He walked past them and stopped at the front desk. Emily turned to follow. Charlie touched her arm. “Emily? You—?” She silenced him with a sharp squeeze and stared at the man’s back. 
He was a black hole in the white noise, an emotional void. It was more than just the impression of emotional absence. It was like he was pulling everything else in. He muttered a few words at the woman behind the desk. She punched in a few keystrokes on her computer. She looked up and gave him a room number. He nodded and walked toward the elevator.
Emily kept her eyes on his back as he waited, trying to understand him. She even stretched with her mind, tried to feel him, but got nothing. It wasn’t like he was blocking, it was just that there was nothing there. No feeling at all. Her curiosity darkened. This man wasn’t right. She knew it the same way she knew Charlie wouldn’t mind if she put her head on his shoulder. It was outside of her ability to read feelings. Something deeper, older. She shivered. 
The man stiffened. 
He turned and faced them with a flare of silver eyes. A small Band-Aid stood out at his hair line. Drummond Fine inhaled long and deep, tasting the fear on the air. There, that woman by the front door. It wept from her like sweat from a runner’s pores. Drum shuddered. Her signature was different than anything over which he’d ever run his psychic tongue. She was delicious. The elevator chimed open behind him. He threw Emily a wink and stepped into the car. The doors closed and swept him away.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 8

DRUMMOND FINE STOOD over Michael McCafferty, a.k.a. Martie Jenny. Clear plastic tubing ran like frozen rivulets from Michael’s nose and the crook of his arm. Blue and red wires grew from his chest. A light five o’clock shadow called out his cheekbones and the line of his jaw. His eyelids were vein blue, ridged with pink where the lashes flared. His muscular shoulders rolled up and over and the bedclothes; a tattoo of a small cyan star winked from the left. Young Michael was quite the specimen of male beauty. Drum frowned. Ironic that the little fairy was compelled to hide it under a dress. 
He leaned over and crooned, “Anybody home?”
The only answer from Michael was the whistle and pump of his oxygen supply and beep of his pulmonary monitor.
Drum walked to the end of the bed and grabbed the chart hanging there. He stuck out his lower lip and nodded. Myocardial infarction and arrest. Well, it looked like he had gotten to young Michael after all, just not under the controlled circumstances he was used to. Drum’s eyes sparkled through the spectrum as they twitched over the text. Possible brain damage due to lack of oxygen. Coma. Diagnosis of potential vegetative state pending full neurological work-up. Drum smiled and shook his head. “No,” he said. “You’re in there.” 
He put the chart down, closed his eyes and flared his nostrils. Drum sucked at the air in the room. Disinfectant and the lingering smell of urine filled his head. He scowled and stretched out his hand. His palm hovered over Michael’s chest as he searched. Below the skin and muscle, past the skeleton and under twitching organs, Michael McCafferty was hiding in the dark. Drum paused, then exhaled long and satisfied. He ran his tongue over his lips. “Found you.”
“Found who?”
He spun around. An African American woman was standing in the door. She wore a blue silk pantsuit that was maybe a half-decade out of style; something about the collar. Drum always had trouble guessing the age of African Americans; something about the resilience of the skin. He was pretty sure she was a cop; something about the gun sticking out of her shoulder holster. Her eyebrows were only slightly less well-plucked than the unconscious drag queen in the bed. She arched them. “Who’d you find?”
Drum took a little too long to smile. “Oh, my patient.” He waved a hand over his shoulder at Michael. “I couldn’t find his room at first.”
“You’re his doctor, but you couldn’t find his room?”
“Not here.” Drum blinked. He’d been so distracted following Michael’s hidden emotional trail that he hadn’t felt her slink up to the door. “I, uh, I don’t mean he’s my patient here. I’m his psychiatrist.” He placed his hands out in front of him palm down and pumped twice. “Not here. In another building. My office. That’s why I couldn’t find his room here as easily.” 
“As easily as what?”
Bitch. She knew she’d rattled him, and was playing with him like a cat with a cockroach. But she didn’t know why he was rattled. He had that much. Drum took a breath. “I’m sorry, firearms make me nervous.” He smiled. “I’m afraid you have me at a loss, Officer?” Drum felt her emotional needle swing from curiosity to a resigned exhaustion; something he’d felt from more than one cop in his day.
She walked all the way into the room and offered her hand. She had short nails, worker’s nails, but they were flourished with white French tips. “Detective Bilko.”
Drum gave her hand a seaweed grip. “Bilko? It’s a good thing you’re not a sergeant.”
“Gee, that’s a new one.”
Bitch. He took his hand back.
She pulled out a PDA and touched the screen with a stylus. “You’re our boy’s shrink? Doctor…,” she scrolled down the file, “Fine? Is that right? Drummond Fine?”
“How’d you know that?”
“Back trace on Mr. MacCafferty’s medical insurance turned you up.”
Drum looked at her computer. “You did that just now?”
“God, I wish. No, these things aren’t that good yet.” She turned the device on its side. “Heck, maybe it can do that. Dunno’. I’m just getting used to not using a pad and pen. My niece convinced me to try this thing and I’ll be damned if it isn’t just the handiest gadget. Can’t tell her that, though. She’s fifteen—all into everything modern and all—and I’ll never hear the end of it.”
Through all of this, Drum nodded and smiled. Detective Bilko might be all chummy conversation on the outside, but Drum could feel her insides as surely as he would if he had his hands around her heart. She was hunting him, trying to get him to let his guard down. Any second now, she would ask him something personal about his own work or family. When he was good and charmed she would toss a stick of dynamite into his pond and see what floated up. If he turned up nothing, she would wonder why he was so flustered when she first came in. She hadn’t bought that bit about the gun. He’d felt that too. Drum conjured a little fake guilt, a tiny crime to offer up when the time came.
“So,” she said. “You’re a psychiatrist. What do you use to take notes with? You still in the stoneage like my niece would say?”
“You got me.” Drum Chuckled. “I use a word processor to write, but I’m a regular Cro-Magnon man when it comes to therapy sessions.”
“Oh, that’s right!” She beamed and took a step closer. “You’re an author too.”
Drum forced a flush and looked down for a moment. “Yes, well, I’ve scribbled a couple of things, but I would really call myself an author.” He looked up and Bilko’s demeanor had morphed from bubble-gum to flint.
“And how did you know your patient was in the hospital so soon after he was admitted, Doctor Fine?”
“I got a call from the neurologist here,” he stammered. “At this hospital. He called me at home.” Nice try. “Wanted to know if I had Michael on any medications.” Care to try again, Officer Bitch-ko? He had to be careful, though. Give her something.
She made a quick scratch on her electronic notepad. Business as usual, but Drum could feel her ramping up for another hit. “Why are you here, though? That could have been handled over the phone.”
Drum didn’t answer.
“Doctor?”
Now he’d give this little wolf-bitch the scrap she was snarling after.
“Doctor Fine? What are you doing here?”
“I was curious to see how badly off he is.”
“Really? Why?”
“Because. Well, because,” he sighed, “He owes me some money. Not a great deal, but I wanted to make sure I got it.”
“He owes you money?”
“For his sessions.”
“What about the insurance coverage?”
“Oh, that covers some of it, but it’s not a very comprehensive plan. Only covers about thirty percent.” Drum allowed a smirk. “Michael doesn’t exactly hold down the type of job that comes with medical and dental.”
“And what kind of job’s that?”
“You don’t know?”
Bilko arched her brows again. “I would have asked Mr. McCafferty, but he’s napping.” She tapped the stylus against the PDA screen. “He’s listed an unemployed in the insurance company’s records.”
“Oh, he’s employed,” Drum said, trying not to laugh at Bitch-Ko’s dwindling patience. “He’s an entertainer.”
“Where?”
“A cabaret off Avenue D.”
“Cabaret?” she asked. “Oh, right, he’s a drag queen. Wasn’t sure if he was just a cross dresser, street walker, or what.” She noted it on her computer. Why this freaky skin-flint shrink had to make that little bit of info. so difficult was beyond her. “Drugs?”
“Excuse me?”
“Do you know if Mr. McCafferty has a drug habit?”
Drum drew up. “I wouldn’t tell you even if he did, Detective.”
Bilko dropped her shoulder pads. “You’re not going to pull a bunch of doctor patient confidentiality crap on me are you?”
Drum took a breath. “Detective, I am not required by the laws of the state of New York to divulge any information about my patient so long as he doesn’t pose an immediate threat to himself or anyone else.” He swept an arm over Michael like a spokesmodel showing off a new car. “Does Mr. McCafferty appear to pose an immediate threat to anyone or anything at the moment?”
The life-support machinery wheezed and beeped; Michael’s chest rose, paused, fell.
“Doctor Fine,” Bilko warned. “If you withhold information that’s pertinent to my solving this case you can be brought up on a number of charges, not the least of which includes obstruction of justice and conspiracy after the fact.” She stowed her computer. “Mr. McCafferty drove a cab in here last night with a dead cab driver riding shotgun. Right now he’s my only suspect, but he’s also in a place I can’t get.”
“And you expect me to just fill in the blanks in your investigation with information that is of the most intimate nature? You want me to just lay young Michael out bare? That’s not going to happen, Detective.”
Bilko opened her mouth to reply, but he cut her off.
“I will, however, tell you this much without getting into specifics: Michael’s no killer. He suffers from no psychological problem that would indicate he would ever be a danger to himself or anyone else. If anything, I think Michael was most likely the victim of someone else’s psychosis.” Drum bit the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling. “I think that’s the person you should be worrying about.”
Drum caught an emotion flare from Bilko: she’d picked up on something he’d said. The smile behind Drum’s lips melted like a sugar cube.
“Like who, Dr. Fine?”
“I’m sorry?”
“Like who? Who should I be more worried about?” She took a step closer. “You have some idea? Someone you might know?”


~~~~~~~~




From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD


Tuesday, June 26th, 9:57pm

What an evening has unfolded! M.M. found. Asleep. Young confused boy in the woods. I’ll get him alone soon enough and remove myself from risk, him from everything. Slight complication with a nosey-bitch police detective. African American, smart, but thrown off track for the most part. Tried to “sniff” me out, but I gave her enough truth to convince her of my guilt in little more than being an insensitive tight-wad. I need nothing more than 30 seconds access to MM. I think an air-induction into his IV line should do nicely. That will stop a heart already prone to misfire. No fuss, no muss as they say. A shame that such lovely potential as art will be wasted, but the fault was mine. Too close to home, Drum. Too close to home.
Even so, all that pales compared to the chance discovery of who must be my next client. A lovely young woman in the hospital lobby slid into my sensory range. I’ve never felt such purity of emotion, such intensity. It was as if she amplified all the light in the room a hundred times, like the emotion of all those in the vicinity fed into and through her. Our minds touched and she felt me, I’m sure of it! 
Wait, could that be it? Could that young woman be another psychic empath? The existence of psychic phenomena in others is not new to me—even a few of my patients over the years have shown some ability—but to find another in the strata of my own prowess would be beyond rare. This bears further examination, care and patience.
I have to find her.
Experienced 173 distinct emotions from the cloud today. Anomalous sensation around strange female, mid-twenties, Caucasian. New potential client.

No dreams or discernable impressions.

No bowel movements.
Urinated 5 times.
Breakfast: NA.
Lunch: protein shake.
Dinner: protein shake.
Water: 64 ounces.

--DF


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 9

EMILY STARED AT the tangle of noodles in a corner of her plate. They were transparent and slick. They reminded her of picture from an old veterinary text book she’d found in the library one rainy afternoon in Janesville: a dog’s heart bursting with worms. Heartworms start nearly microscopic and grow until they strangle the ventricles in a writhing net.
Charlie stirred a lump of wasabi into his sauce bowl with a chopstick. “You’re not eating?”
“I, uh.” She was helpless. She wanted to impress him. Just eat the foreign food and show the sophisticated New Yorker that she was more than just some rube from Wisconsin with nice legs. Charlie bumped the table with his arm and the pile of noodles quivered. As if born with chopsticks for fingers, he plucked a piece of yellow fin from the center plate, dipped and popped it in his mouth—Charlie Chopstick Hands. He looked from Emily’s face to the noodles on her plate and pointed with the sticks. “Bilharzia.”
She poked the noodles with her own chopsticks. They yielded and pulled at the tips of the sticks with elastic want. “What?”
“Reminds me of Bilharzia. It’s a kind of parasitic worm you get from bathing in dirty water.” Charlie scissored a single noodle from the pile and held it up to the light, examining. “Gets in through people’s feet mostly.”
Emily sat back. “Do tell.”
“Over the course of several years it’ll travel up your leg into your spinal cord, up the spinal column and eventually lay eggs in the brain.” He wiggled the noodle, the light played through it. “Driving the host slowly insane.”
“I was thinking heartworms,” Emily said.
“Really?”
“Who lies about a thing like heartworms?”
Charlie considered. “Sick dogs on the make?”
Emily curled her lip. “Care to take that one back, slick?”
“Yes,” he said. “Yes, I would.”
She laughed. “Going to do something with that worm?”
Charlie began to swing the noodle back and forth. “Which worm? This one? You are getting very sleepy.”
Emily crossed her arms. Charlie was a psycho. She loved it. “Dare you to put that on your head.”
With an expert flip of the wrist, the noodle fwapped on top of Charlie’s glowing scalp and stuck there. “What do I get?”
Lucky probably, she didn’t say. “Nothing for just for that, but if you keep it there when the waitress comes back I’ll let you buy me an ice cream cone later.”
“That’s easy,” he said. “But only on the condition that you get two scoops and let me pick the flavors.”
“Why, sir,” she fluttered, “I hardly know you.”
The waitress materialized. A jade dragon clawed her red silk dress, climbing around her thigh and threatening her breasts with embroidered incineration. She tilted her face toward Charlie. 
“You know you got a noodle stuck to ya’ head?”

THEY STROLLED ALONG the waterfront down by the Bowery. The liquid patter of the river and the distant moan of a tug’s horn lapped against them. The tang of fertile mud and algae pushed through on a warm breeze, and the thud and cry from juke boxes and boozy crowds dopplered in and out as they moved past the bars. Emily crunched the last bite of her ice cream cone and licked the edge of her hand. Charlie handed her a napkin. She smiled, “Thanks.”
“What’d you think? Good?”
“Wonderful,” she said and shook her head. “Pistachio and strawberry, I never would have come up with that one.”
“It’s all in the stacking,” he said. “You put the strawberry scoop on top and it’s actually poisonous.”
“Really,” she said. “Now, see, I never would have known that.”
“And you’re from the Dairy State and everything, damn.”
A chill rolled over Emily’s bare shoulders. She linked her arm through Charlie’s and leaned in. His biceps were tight. “Did you know that margarine was illegal in Wisconsin for a while in the 80’s?”
Charlie glanced over his shoulder at her. “You’re kidding me.” Had he come off cool enough there? Her smell and the warmth from her skin was driving him nuts. “C’mon, seriously?”
“Seriously. Janesville’s about forty minutes north of the border and my Dad used to catch margarine smugglers coming in from Illinois.”
“You lie.”
“Nope. Margarine runners would come through with bricks of the stuff hidden in their trunks. Daddy stopped a guy once with a trunk full of cocaine and margarine.”
A blast of light and noise fanned out at them as they walked past the Coyote Ugly Bar. A young man in a double breasted pin stripe staggered out. He got his balance and stood there a moment with his hands on his hips, something of deep consequence on his mind. After a moment, he nodded and vomited all over his feet…which were bare.
“Yeesh,” Emily said.
Charlie slid into a silky Frank Sinatra, “New York, New Yooooorrrrk.”
The drunk added, “Hurk!” and treated them to the sound of splashing and muscle spasms as they moved on.
“Aren’t you glad I suggested we come down here after dinner?” he said.
“You’re a planner.”
“That’s me. So, the margarine was under the coke? Wow.”
“Dad had tons of freaky stories.”
“Bet he did. All the weirdest shit happens to cops.”
“I’ll bet you’ve got a few weird ones.”
“Ah, yes, the ER provides a never-ending stream of quality entertainment. Ask me how many times I’ve seen members of the citizenry waddle in complaining that they’ve had an accident with a hamster.”
“No.”
“Good choice.”
“How’d you end up wanting to be a nurse, anyway?” Emily asked. “Kind of an unusual profession for men. Not that I think it should be. I just wonder how your life led you around to it.”
“You sound like people when they talk about gays,” Charlie ribbed. “That whole ending qualifier deal: Not that there’s anything wrong with that.”
“Bite me.”
Oh, would he ever like to. Just a nibble right behind her ear would do nicely, thank you.
“Seriously, now,” she said. “I’m interested. Knowing how people came to their professions can tell you a lot about them.”
Charlie chuckled and kicked a piece of loose asphalt. It skittered over the pavement and thunked into the shadows. “You ever watch M.A.S.H.?” he said. “Hawkeye, BJ, Hot Lips?”
“Sure.”
“You remember there were at least a couple of episodes where one of the doctors ended up having to go up to the front lines, to some forward medical position or something?”
“Like a Battalion Aid station or something.”
“Yeah,” he smiled and shook his head. She knew M.A.SH., too. “They had this one actor who played a front line medic. Brought him in for a couple of episodes. He was tall and skinny and wore those round wire frame glasses.”
Emily squinted. “Yeah, I think I know who you mean. Always said things that were really dry and sarcastic right when they were getting shelled all to hell and back, right?”
“You got ‘im.”
“So, you saw this character on TV as a kid and his bravery or whatever inspired you?”
“Not at all,” Charlie said. “When I was fifteen my mom and I were having our weekly night out. We’ve been doing that as long as I can remember.”
Emily flushed. It should have been one of those oh, that’s so sweet moments, but it wasn’t. She didn’t get to have a mother at all. How come he got to go out to dinner with his mother once a week and she didn’t? It was childish and angry, she knew that. After perhaps a second of silence she managed, “That’s nice that you do that.”
Charlie glanced at her, but went on. “So, we’re having dinner and this guy a couple of tables over starts choking. Really bad, too. He just stood up and clutched his throat, eyes bugging out. When someone chokes there’s not a lot of noise, except for the dinnerware flying off the table when they shoot out of their chair.” He paused. “I’ve got this super detailed memory of the whole thing, right down to my mom dropping her fork—there was a little piece of broccoli on it. She goes ‘That man,’ and then just stares. Everyone in the place, even the waiters, were just staring. Nobody did anything.”
“You saved him, didn’t you.”
“Yeah,” Charlie said with a wonder. “I did. I went to go give him the Heimlich and tripped over his half roasted chicken. Ended up head-butting the guy right in the middle of the back so hard it dislodged the food.” He laughed. “Big hero.”
Emily laughed too, but said, “I don’t get the M.A.S.H. connection.”
“Oh,” he said. “The choking guy was that actor.”
Emily chuckled. “So, what, you got the saving people’s lives bug from that and the rest is history?”
“Yeah, pretty much.” He shrugged. “Just mix a hatred for school in with the desire to help people and you got a nurse instead of a doctor. Couldn’t deal with medical school and this seemed like the easiest alternative.”
“And you like it?”
“Very much,” he said, his voice calm and deep.
They stopped at a cross walk. New York night traffic flowed by, an electrified amber gel. Charlie turned toward Emily. “You know,” he said, “I don’t even know what you do.” 
“Well, I don’t really do anything.” She was about to explain when she noticed the look on his face. “What?”
“You’re hand’s shaking.” His voice dropped. “I mean really boogeying.”
Emily didn’t feel anything. She lifted her left hand but it was just as it always had been—unremarkable, the nails a little spruced up with light pink polish for her date, but other than that its normal five-headed self. 
“The other one.”
Emily looked down at her right hand and gasped. It was jouncing around on the end of her wrist like a cicada caught in a spider web. “Jesus,” she said. “What?”
“You okay?” Charlie asked. “How do you feel?”
Emily was still staring at her hand. “Uh, fine?”
“How’s your throat? How’s your breathing?”
She looked up at him. “What’s wrong with me?”
“Could be a food allergy, but they usually manifest much sooner. You allergic to pistachio nuts or anything like that?”
“Nope.” In spite of the weirdness with her hand a smile bent her lips. “You think the noodles might really have been parasitic mind worms?”
Charlie smiled back but he was all business. “What about a head injury. You fall down or get in an accident or anything recently? Or, how about epilepsy?”
“No and no.” Emily’s face started to burn. “This sucks. What the hell is up with this?”
“Don’t worry too much about it. You’re still speaking clearly, and you don’t feel faint or anything right?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” She sighed, “What a rotten way to make an impression.”
“Please,” Charlie laughed, “you knocked me on my butt when you walked into the ER the other night. First impression’s already made.”
She looked back at her hand. It was slowing. Just cut it out, she thought and for a wonder it did just that.
“Here,” he said. “Let me see.” Charlie took her hand in his, turned it over. He pressed his thumb gently into the soft skin at her wrist. “Let me see your eyes for a sec’.” He put his hands on either side of her face and turned her this way and that. She was a little sorry when he let go. Having his face so close heated her from toes on up. Had it not been for the lingering embarrassment over her hand she would have kissed him right then. She looked into his eyes, at the flesh around them. He was going to have bombardier eyes when he aged. They shifted over her shoulder and grew large.
Emily turned to follow Charlie’s sight line and watched as a bicyclist zipped through a red light right in front of an SUV. The driver of the stationwagon-on-steroids yanked the wheel and stomped the brakes, saving the jerk on the bike, but sending the SUV into a roll. It flipped over with a sickening shear of metal on concrete and slid through the intersection. Emily could see the lights from the other cars and the street lamps reflected in the grill as the SUV barreled toward her and Charlie. It was like watching the chrome mouth of a dragon sweep in to devour them. Emily raised her hand to ward off the collision that would kill them both.
Two and a half tons of twisted metal halted with a bang three feet in front of them. It was as if an invisible cannon ball had punched into the SUV, canceling its forward momentum. 
For the silent moment that descends after all car crashes, Charlie stood and gawked. A second later, his training kicked in and he raced over to the shattered driver’s window. He squatted down and pushed the deflated skin of the airbag out of the way.
Emily stood and stared. She blinked. She wasn’t seeing what she was seeing. No way. The rest of the world came back on-line around her—car horns, people shouting and scurrying. Charlie was saying something soothing to the driver. A flutter of motion caught the corner of her eye. Emily looked down at her hand, once again blurry with tremor. Again, she stilled it with a thought. Emily stepped up to the SUV. Steam bled from the grill. She lifted her palm and pressed it into the perfect handprint embossed in the metal.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 10

DRUMMOND FINE STARED at the woman denting his seventeen-hundred dollar leather chair with her precision-enhanced ass and tried to imagine her dying. Just keeling over right there from a massive coronary, pitching out of the chair and puddling on the floor like a blow-up fuck doll with the air let out of it. Maybe her face would graze her hand when she hit and the cueball-sized diamond would slash right through her cheek implants. Even better, her porcelain teeth could shatter and shred through her collagen-puffed lips. This was Mrs. Janice Cooney: Agoraphobic.
Agoraphobia is Greek for “fear of the marketplace” and refers to anxiety associated with open spaces. Over the years, agoraphobia had come to stand for a mish-mash of fears. If the psychiatric community couldn’t come up with a specific reason for a patient’s fear, it got lumped under agoraphobia. It was like pronouncing a person as suffering from Affective Disorder just because they were depressed and the doctor couldn’t figure out the cause. Agoraphobia: bullshit. The only reason Janice Cooney kept coming to see him was because her husband thought she didn’t put out enough.
Mrs. Cooney was afraid to be penetrated by Mr. Cooney. Not for any good reason, like a direct fear of sexual intercourse (Coitophobia) or because Thomas Cooney had a two-headed penis or something. No, Janice Cooney didn’t like to spread her stair-mastered thighs because the idea of sex with her husband was kind of…
“Icky.”
“What do you mean when you say ‘icky’, Janice?”
She pursed her lips, pink, and squinted her lashes, black. “I don’t really know. It’s just that when he wants to fuck, I get all, I don’t know.”
Janice Cooney had been Drum’s Wednesday morning for the last three years. He pretended to make a note on his new PDA. He scrawled with the black plastic stylus. Frigid Bitch melted from the digital loop and swirl of his hand writing to FRIGID BITCH in angular font. One hundred and fifty-six hours. Six and a half days. He’d spent a week of his life listening to this empty canyon of a woman, wind whistling through the dry wash between her ears. On average he charged $220 an hour. Mr. Thomas Cooney had paid him $34,320 over the last three years to find a way to get his wife to stop feeling icky and maybe even take it up the ass one day. Considering what he now knew about the plastic-fantastic Janice, if Mr. Cooney had offered to pay Drum $34,320 to spend a week with his wife in a resort on a Caribbean island, he would have refused him… And then killed them both as a public service. Funny, the way things developed little by little. Like addiction and money. Appetite. Hatred.
“Janice,” he said, “tell me about the last time you and your husband made love.”
“Well, that would have been,” she pressed a finger to her lips, “gosh, it’s been a long time.” She rolled her eyes and tried to recall.
Drum could almost hear the howling breeze, see the tumble weeds. Truth be told, he knew why sex was icky for Janice. His success as a psychiatrist was due in large part to his gift. Drum could feel the exact emotional state of his client in response to questions even if that state was consciously repressed. 
During his first session with Janice, Drum had explored some of the more common causes of sexual malfunction in women. Janice—helpful little monkey that she’d always been—had proven worthless in her direct response. She had been placid and blinking when he’d asked her about her childhood and any incidents that might have left psychic scar tissue. But when he asked her about her father, Janice’s emotional EKG had thrown a huge spike. 
Drum supposed that if he were ever going cure Janice, he’d have to force her to confront the root causes of her fear. Problem was, he didn’t really care if she was ever cured. While he couldn’t stand her as a person, as a patient Mrs. Thomas Cooney was a cash cow. She’d even referred two of her friends to him. Ah, life was complicated and full of work. Like the effort it took not to lean forward in his chair and punch a hole in her chest right between those silicone chew-toys she called tits. Just wrap his fingers around her heart like five jointed pythons and squeeze.
Janice cleared her throat and grimaced.
A flicker of fear slipped out of her like a naughty toe under a restaurant table. Drum’s eyelids drooped for a moment. Janice cleared her throat again, harder. She swallowed. 
“Are you feeling all right, Janice?”
“I, um,” she rubbed the upside-down triangle of skin at her collar and gave a sheepish smile. “Indigestion, I guess.”
Drum nodded. It was bullshit. Janice never had breakfast. He’d been listening to her stomach rumble for years. She hardly ever ate. There wasn’t anything under that aerobicized six pack to digest, badly or otherwise. Her discomfort and unease were marvelous, though—seeping out of her now, coating him, cleaning the noise from his mind. “Would you like a glass of water?” he asked, hoping she would be too embarrassed to accept. God, wouldn’t it be great if she were really having a heart attack?
“No, Doctor Fine,” she said, sitting up straighter in her seat. “Really, I’m okay.”
Drum focused on a bead of sweat at her temple and thought about all the product it must have siphoned from her follicles as it rolled out of her hair. Could it be flammable? He could probably wring out Janet’s do and power a lawnmower engine with the results. He gripped the arms of his chair. Her fear was pulsing into him, crackling in the air. It spiked and pushed his head back. Drum’s vision whited-out for a moment and when it cleared, Janice was clutching her left breast. One of her press-on nails had broken off and lay on her lap like a tiny pink tombstone. She bit down on her lower lip, the lipstick staining her teeth—a whole row of tiny pink-tipped tombstones.
Drum sat forward in his chair. “Janice?”
Her eyes flew open, a horse stung by a hornet. She managed to get a breath as the tears gelled down her face. Her voice came shaky and sad, child-like: a drawn out, “Ooh, ow.” She sobbed once and pitched forward.
“Janice!”
Drum caught her as she fell out of her chair. He laid her on the carpet. “Janice! Janice!” Oh shit, the bitch was actually having a heart attack. And the terror it was causing was enormous, rolling through him like wave after wave of purest cocaine. It blanked his mind with Zen clarity. He’d never experienced anything this intense.
Janice’s breath came in shallow little rasps. Agony shook through her muscles and locked them. Drum leaned in through a sediment of anxiety, layers of intensifying fear the closer he came to her. He raised his left hand to touch her and realized it was shaking, really flapping around on his wrist. The right was fine, but the left was all over the place. He ignored it, his calm and clarity at their height. Drum whispered in her ear, “You’re dying, little Janice.” He reached between her thighs and palped with spastic fingers. “And your father’s waiting for you in the dark.”
Janice Cooney fell, the burning stone in her chest pulling her into the depths. She left a cloud of terror in the room and Drummond Fine inhaled it like fragrant smoke.

  

ZONE DIDN’T CARE much for his fellow New Yorkers. He knew he should care—they were his people after all, the other members of the Proletariat—but it was a serious bitch to feel solidarity with a bunch of motherfuckers who would just as soon step over your corpse as look at you. 
And when they did look, all they could see was a scruffy, skin-and-bones punker with two red spikes of hair jutting from the front of his otherwise shaved head like a pair of horns. It was a statement, his hair, a political statement. It was about being a devil. 
Not in the way most of those brain-washed Judeo-Christian retards thought of the devil, but as Lucifer actually was: a bringer of light, a challenge to the status quo. Shit man, Lucifer got a bad rap. He just hadn’t bought the official line from on-high and when he’d tried to make a few suggestions—maybe form a Union, like local Seraphim 108 or something—the Man had cast him out. Zone didn’t believe for a second all that shit about evil and avarice and everything was really how it went down. No way, comrade. The bible was just another hate pamphlet from the propaganda department of the Judeo-Christian power machine. And thus, the hair horns.
Zone trudged along 5th Ave around lunch hour, the long legs of his black jeans sprouting from a pair of tank boots. He shouldered his way through the crowd of oblivious suits, half of which talked into their fucking cell phones like they were glued to their heads. Man, it was like the currency zombies paid more attention to the hypothetical people on the other end of their phone conversations than they did to the real ones with whom they shared actual space. And, dig it, the whole thing was giving them brain cancer. It was all a government plot, of course: mind control through microwave induction, but no one ever listened when he tried to warn them.
An office clone with the exact same haircut and blue, gray and/or black suit as all the other office clones almost ran into Zone. He stopped short and gave a quick scan over Zone’s horns and the chrome bar that ran through the bridge of his nose. “S’cuse me, pal,” he said and tried to side step. Zone side stepped with him and held out a flyer.
“Two for one at the Hummus Hole.”
“The hell you just say to me?”
Zone sighed. He was just trying to do his job for the day: handing out flyers for the restaurant he sometimes worked for. His last gig had been as a bike messenger, but he kept pissing off the clients. Apparently, large corporations don’t like it when messengers read aloud from Chairman Mao’s Little Red Book in the elevator. Try to spread a little truth and see where it gets you.
“Two for one at the Hummus Hole,” he repeated.
“The hell is that?”
“It’s a vegetarian place. A restaurant.” Man, all he wanted to do was sit in a coffee house and read. This conversation wasn’t going to be good for his energy flow. He could already tell.
“Fuck off, Sid Vicious,” the office clone said. “I only eat meat.” He shoved past Zone hard enough to make him spill his stack of fliers. 
A hundred patent-leather shoes kicked and stepped on his job for the day. Zone dropped his bony shoulders. It reminded him of countless high-school confrontations with the popular kids, the “trendies”. They were always making him drop his books and then kicking them down the hall. For all he knew, the offending office clone was one of his former classmates. They were about the same age. Zone turned and shouted, “Eating meat’s bad for your heart!”
The O.C. stopped short and turned around.
Zone’s eyebrows (well, only one, the other was shaved off) lifted. Oh shit, the dude was coming back. Zone raised his hands. “I don’t want any trouble, comrad.” He clumped back a step. “I was only joshing you.”
The O.C. stepped up, all Body Pump muscle and quad-shot Café Americano. He jabbed a finger into Zone’s chest. Zone grunted. He didn’t have a lot of meat to armor against something like that. “Hey, man, c’mon.”
“Shuddup, faggot,” O.C. said. “Why don’t you get a fucking real hair cut and a fucking real job?” He jabbed again and Zone fell back another step. The Proletariat River flowed by, roaring and self involved. “What’s the matter with you anyway, you some kind of religious nut? You one of those fucking terrorists Arabic fuckers? Huh?” Every question mark was another strong arm jab. Zone would have a black and blue mark in the middle of his chest for a week. “You got somethin’ to say about the way I eat? Think it’s bad for my heart?”
“I was just—.”
“I run 20 miles a week and bench 225 in sets of ten, you faggot. Don’t you fucking tell me about what’s good for me or not.”
“I’m sorry,” Zone tried. Jesus, this guy was seriously pissed at him. It was bewildering. What the hell had he done except look funny and get in this guy’s way for a second? Man, he hadn’t even tried to read out of Mao’s book or anything. “I didn’t mean—”
“Bad for my heart?” The O.C. bunched a fist and held it up, a flesh and bone mace. “I’ll fucking show you what’s bad for the huh—” His eyes popped and the mace bloomed into a five-pedaled flower. He grabbed Zone’s shoulder with it, the other hand clutching his chest. “Oh, God!” he grunted through his teeth. “That hurts!” A look of purest terror bleached his face.
Zone shook the O.C.’s arm off and stepped away from him. He looked at the guy who had been ready to bash his face in a second ago. What the fuck? The bulging eyes, the red face, the red meat, the stressful situation. He got it.
“Hey, shit!” Zone shouted, looking for help in a hundred passive, passing faces. “This guy’s having a heart attack or something! Help!” He did a funny little dance, jigging left, then right, hands opening and closing. “Someone call 911!”
The river flowed. Parted, but flowed.
A female office clone came clocking up on her high heels, cell phone embedded in a cloud of hair. She was oblivious to the scene she was about to walk by. Zone snatched her phone. When it looked like she was going to shout or fight the freak with the red horns who’d just stolen her phone, he held up a single finger and shouted, “No!”
“She’ll call you back,” he said into the phone and hung up. The O.C. was on the pavement now, clutching his heart and panting. Zone was about to punch in 911 when a wicked claw raked his face.
“Gimme my phone, you fuckah!” Pure Queens.
Zone tried to cringe away as she lunged at him again. She was going to blind him with those nails. Man, try to be a good samaritan and see where gets you. “Lady, please!” he tried, but she came in on the attack again. Zone’s boots tangled up in the O.C. dying at his feet and he sat down hard. His teeth clicked and he tasted salt and iron. Finally, a small crowd began to eddy around the strange triplet. The Queens tiger-woman shrieked with ear-splitting nasal furry, “That fuckah stole my phone!”
Zone was about to explain when the woman’s eyes squeezed shut and she doubled over as if punched in the stomach. Instead of clawing Zone’s face, she grabbed her own left arm. She went down on the pavement with a smack, shredding through her stockings and the skin on her knees. Zone looked over just as another woman was asking, “What’s going on, here?” The newcomer answered her own question with a yelp. She slapped at her chest like a bird was trapped inside her ribs. She went down just like the two before her. One after another, the small crowd began to clutch their chests and arms, falling to the pavement around Zone. Finally, the rest of the River Proletariat noticed and froze over. The whole block stuttered with anticipation, then someone screamed.
“Gas! Gas! The terrorists are gassing us!”
Everyone still standing withdrew as if they were a grease slick in a kitchen sink struck by a drop of dish soap.
Less than two minutes after the first office clone raised his fist, Zone found himself sitting in a circle of dead. They all looked the same: standard suits, standard hair. There were at least fifteen people surrounding him where they had fallen, a standard rictus of confusion, pain, and fear on their standard, stiffening faces. Zone could hear the thud-wash of his own heart.
Someone chuckled.
Zone revolved his head as if in a dream. A man with mirrors in his eyes stood just outside of the circle of death. For a second it looked like he was holding a flapping pigeon down by his side, but no, it was his hand. It was just shaking like the guy was being electrified and only his hand was getting the juice. He looked at Zone and eclipsed one of those mirrors in a wink. “Nice hair,” he said and walked away.


~~~~~~~~




From the Journal of Drummond Fine, MD


Wednesday, June 27th, 12:01pm

Everything has changed. Everything. The woman in the hospital is an empath. I’m sure of that now. The feelings she filtered, the sheer multitude. She’s a tap into the heart of an entire city. A heart I can break. When we encountered one another in the hospital the other day something happened—we altered each other somehow. Now, ah, now it’s hard to write! Hard to organize my thoughts. The thrill I feel is like a drug. I am filled with a power that releases me from my bondage. I’ll never have to worry about finding another “client” and hiding my “sessions”. I can take anyone now at will. 
It started this morning during my regular session with J.C. During her usual prattle, I couldn’t stop thinking about how wonderful it would be if her rotten heart just seized up and she expired right there. Somehow, I reached right through her chest and squeezed her to death. WITH MY MIND! (Funny, one would think that a man used to a psy-ability wouldn’t be so thrown by the addition of a new one. But it’s as if a bird suddenly learned it could swim and breathe underwater as well as ply the skies.) The fear pulsing off that plastic Barbie-bitch was beyond delicious, but unlike the pathos of my usual clients in duration. The only draw back to this new ability seems to be a lack of elongation of the final emotional gasp. It’s just over too soon. Well, I’ll have to replace quality with quantity. I’ve never felt so free.
(One concern to note: a pronounced shaking in the left hand. Not sure what it could mean, but on the chance that some neural damage has occurred in tandem with the appearance of this new ability, I’ll order myself an MRI.)
As I sit here and type, I can’t help but wonder if this will be the final entry to this journal. The faggot could awaken at any time and indentify me as the “Phobia Killer”. Vulgar name, but apt enough. It may only be a matter of time before the authorities come for me, or they might never come at all. M.M. may never regain consciousness. I could run, I suppose, but I can’t for the life of me imagine why. I’m on another plane from the rest of them now—a God among mortals. I exert my will over the realities of life and death themselves. How can their laws apply to me? There’s nothing I can’t do now. Nothing that doesn’t belong to me.
I’m itching to use to my new-found power again. But on whom and where? No, that’s the old Drummond Fine thinking, the human. I can exert my Promethean will on whomever I choose, whenever I choose, wherever I choose. The entire city awaits my the deliverance of my fire.
Think I’ll go for a walk…

--DF


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 11

EMILY DREAMED OF the past. She was downstairs making breakfast for Daddy. He had a big day ahead of him and she wanted to make sure he got a solid start. On his really busy days, he was apt to forget to eat at all if she didn’t remind him. Today he was supposed to be in court for an important case. Working with the Feds, Andy and his officers had captured an arsonist responsible for burning twelve churches in as many states. It was a big deal and he was nervous. She could hear him clunking around upstairs, knocking things over and cursing under his breath. Emily started to measure out the coffee grounds and stopped. She rummaged in back of the lazy susan by the sink, brought out an old tin of decaf and mixed it in with the regular stuff. With all the nerves Daddy was throwing around this morning, the last thing he needed was extra go juice.
She turned back to the stove and flipped some bacon, jumping back as the grease spattered. She swiped an already cooked piece off her father’s plate and crunched, squinting out the kitchen window at a fluorescent white sky. Even through the bacon grease she could smell the snow coming. A blue pick-up truck cruised by with a load of sandbags in the back. Looked like someone else knew the snow was coming. Daddy was going to have to put the chains on before the day was out. He hated doing that. Always managed to cut himself. She shook her head and smirked.
Andy Burton thundered down the stairs and into the kitchen. Emily smiled. He’d missed a button on his shirt. She fixed it for him. 
He kissed her on the forehead. “Smells wonderful in here, bacon breath.”
“Sit down and eat before I steal the rest of it and your eggs, too.”
“Ma’am,” he said and folded in at the kitchen table. Andy scowled and thumbed at a scratch in the laminate surface.
Emily slid a couple of sunny side up eggs and pile of bacon in front of her father. She filled his coffee cup and sat opposite with a mug of her own. Beneath the table she crossed her feet, cozy in their double-thick socks. The sight of her father eating the food she’d cooked filled her with ridiculous warmth. It was the farthest thing from feminist she could imagine, but there really was something satisfying in cooking for the man of the house. God, she needed to get out of Wisconsin. 
Probably wasn’t even her feeling. Mrs. Molson from next-door was likely feeding her two sons—line backers on the high school football team—and Emily was just picking up on it. Daddy forked an entire egg into his mouth at once and Emily got another shot of easy warmth. Nope, she wasn’t pawning this emotion off on anyone but herself. She just liked watching her father eat. Emily gazed out the window just in time to catch the first fat flakes sifting down.
The kitchen door swung open and Charlie stuck his head into the room. “Front door was open,” he said as if he’d lived in the neighborhood his whole life and hadn’t just gone on his first date with Emily in the real world. “Mind if I join you?”
Andy waved him in, “Charlie! C’mon on in, buddy. Have some joe.”
Charlie leaned in and gave Emily a peck on the head. He sat down at the table in front of a plate of eggs and bacon that weren’t there a moment before. A steaming cup of coffee appeared the second he reached for it. Unlike Emily and Andy’s ceramic mugs, Charlie’s was styrofoam and embossed with the words Tri-State Health System. He took a sip and gave her a wink.
“Whatcha’ up to today, Charlie?” Andy asked.
“Emily’s going to show me her magic tricks and then we’re going for margarine cones.” He leaned in and conspired, “It’s all in how you stack em’, you know.”
Andy nodded. “S’long as you don’t bring in any over my state line, son.”
“No, sir.”
“Good man.”
“I see you’re in your dress uniform,” Charlie said. “What gives?”
“Daddy’s got a big court date,” Emily said around her pride. “He caught a God-burner.”
Charlie tucked in his chin. “Big deal, huh?”
Andy scooted his chair back from the table and belched. “Ah, would be, but I’m gonna’ have a massive stroke in about,” he checked his watch, “another three minutes and twenty-seven—nope, twenty-eight seconds.”
Emily gripped the edges of her chair. “Do you have to, Daddy?”
“Yeah, punkin’, I do.” He gave her a look of deepest pity. “I’m sorry, kiddo.”
Charlie was quiet a moment, then asked, “You got life insurance, Andy?”
Andy grinned like a shark. “Tons. Took out a policy as fat as a prize pig after Emily’s mom passed.” He leaned over and ruffed her head. “When I go, my girl’s gonna’ be set for life.”
Charlie crossed his arms. “I’d been wondering about that. How she was paying for that hotel room, I mean.” Charlie winked. “You know she came in with an old man who’d had a heart attack the other day. It’s how we met.”
“That was Samuels, Daddy. He could tell I was from Wisconsin. You’d like him.”
Andy took a sip of coffee. “He wear dresses?”
“No,” she said. “That was the other one.”
“Oh, that one,” Andy said. He put his hand on Emily’s and the light went out of his eyes. “He’s going to need you before this is done. He’ll introduce you to the heartbreaker.” Andy sat back in his chair and cocked an ear. 
Emily listened as the front door creaked open—it had been making that sound her whole life, no matter how many times Daddy oiled the hinges—and clicked shut. Footsteps clumped up the hall and stopped just outside the kitchen door. Emily asked, “Would you see who that is, Charlie?” but Charlie couldn’t get up. He was clutching his chest with one hand, the other splayed out on the table at the end of his stiff arm. She turned to Andy, “Daddy, who’s at the—?”
“Shh, honey,” Andy said. “I’ve got to have my stroke now.” He placed both hands flat on the table and cleared his throat. “Okay, ready.”
The kitchen door banged open. What looked like a man’s shadow stood in the entrance. There was no solid form, nothing for the light to catch upon, except two slices of mirror hanging in the black space where the eyes should be. There was a breathless moment of silence and then it rushed at Andy. Its footfalls rattled the plates in the cabinets as if it were made of some incredibly dense material, the tissue of collapsed stars, endings. It stopped behind Andy’s chair and caressed his temple with one smoky finger. Emily watched as her father’s eyes rolled back into his head, the lids fluttering like butterfly wings. She looked at the shadow-man and asked, “Why?”
It looked back at her, but all she could see was her reflection in those quicksilver eyes.

* * *

EMILY OPENED HER eyes, propelled from her dream by the loss of her father…again. This was the first time she dreamed of his death. Rolling in numb, post-dream fog, she wondered how many more times in her life she would have to go through it. Losing him in the real world had been hard enough, but at least there hadn’t been any shadowy monsters representing death, or whatever the hell that thing with the mirror eyes was supposed to have been. It had been familiar, though. Could you have de-ja vu in dreams?
She rolled over, blinked. There was a naked man by the window standing in a shaft of morning sun. The light etched his muscles into relief. Her lips curled at the corners. “Morning,” she said.
Charlie turned around. “Hey.” 
He walked over to the bed and sat down next to her, brushed a strand of hair out of her face. “You sleep okay?”
“Terrible,” she said. “Dreams.”
Charlie stifled a yawn, but not before Emily got a good view of the cords in his neck. “I had a really freaky dream, too,” he said.
Emily sat up, scooting her butt against the headboard. She tried to hold the sheet over her breasts like a bath towel but then just let it go. Emily caught Charlie’s glance and smiled. The skin around her nipples tightened. “What was it about?” she asked.
“You, actually.”
“We’ve slept together once and already I’ve taken over your subconscious.” Emily tented her fingers at the tips and whispered, “Excellent.”
Charlie chuckled. Oh man, she even liked The Simpsons. If she was into South Park too it was all over. Her eyes crinkled at the corners. Who was he kidding? It was already all over.
“Seriously,” Emily said. “You dreamed about me? Was I any good?”
Charlie leaned in and gave her three soft kisses, one on the mouth and one on each nipple. “Not as good as you were last night.”
Emily arched her back and sighed. “You better tell me about your dream fast, or I’m gonna’ have to interrupt you.” She looked at him. “You know, I dreamed about you, too.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah, but tell me about yours first.”
“Okay, but I don’t want to hear any Freudian analysis afterward about how I’m really in love with my mother and worried that my penis is too small.”
“I make no promises.” She said. “Besides, I already know the second part’s bullshit.” She gave him a playful squeeze, but backed off before the blood drained from his head. “So make with the dream.”
“Okay, okay. You know how you can just know things in dreams?”
She nodded.
“For some reason I just knew I was on the outskirts of some small town in Wisconsin. I’ve never been to Wisconsin, right? I just knew that’s where I was.” Charlie’s eyes receded into memory. “I was walking along some street. It was cold. I don’t usually feel things in my dreams, but I remember feeling really cold.”
“Like it was going to snow?” Emily asked, watching his face. “That heavy, wet air cold?”
“Yeah, just like that. There’s a scene in that movie Harold and Maud where Maud had captured smells in old O2 bottles. One of the smells was a city street during a snow fall. It smelled a little like what I always imagined that would’ve smelled like, but without all the car exhaust.”
“What was the name of the town? You remember?”
Charlie squinted. “No, I just knew it was Wisconsin. I’m sure it’s because of the stuff you told me about where you grew up.” God, he thought, she has infiltrated my subconscious. “Anyway, I was beginning to wonder what the hell I was going to do when the snow started and then I saw your house.”
“My house? What it’d look like?”
“Just your usual two story brick box deal, with like a white wood siding add-on for the kitchen. I think I might have reasoned in my dream that I knew it was your house because you told me your father was a cop and there was a cruiser in the driveway.”
Emily’s fist bunched and griped the sheet. Charlie didn’t notice; he was rolling in the deep waters of recall.
“So, I just walked up to the house and went right in, like I lived there or something.” He shook his head. “Man, it was really something. I could actually smell the coffee and bacon in the kitchen. You ever hear some people say how they don’t dream in color?”
“Sure.”
“I never understood that. I’ve always dreamed in color, but I’ve never smelled something in a dream.”
“But you smelled coffee and bacon.”
“Yeah, so I just stuck my head into the kitchen and was like ‘Hi, everybody!’.”
“Everybody? Who was there?”
“You and your dad. You were at the kitchen table having breakfast and—.”
Emily’s eyes bloomed.
Charlie sat forward. “What is it?”
She swallowed, her throat clicked. “You stuck your head into the kitchen and said ‘Front door was open. Mind if I join you?’.”
Charlie sat back. “How’d you know that?” A smile formed and melted off his face in the same moment, like a cloud shadow passing over the sun. “I was talking in my sleep, is that how—”
“It was like my daddy knew you,” Emily said. “Like you were friends. He said ‘C’mon on in, buddy. Have some joe.”
Charlie pulled the sheet over his lap. “You, um… You’re scarin’ me a little.”
“I’m a little scared, too.”
He searched her face. The silence condensed around them. A car horn honked in the street and someone yelled something about next Wednesday. Charlie reached out and took her hand. “What else?” he asked.
In that simple gesture he diffused her greatest concern—a fear given to Emily the day her mother died. I will not leave you, it said. The corners of her eyes heated, blurred. After a moment she said, “You said you don’t feel things in your dreams, but you did in this one. What was the last thing you remember feeling?”
Charlie touched his chest. “An awful cold. It was like my heart had turned into a piece of ice.” He paused. “Then pain, really sharp. That’s what woke me up. When I was standing by the window, I was thinking that you had rolled over your in sleep and nailed me in the solar plexus with your elbow or something.”
“I don’t think that was it,” Emily said.
“Yeah, I’m kind of not buying that anymore either.”
“The dark man, the guy with the mirror eyes? Do you remember him?”
Charlie shook his head slowly back and forth. “No, nothing like that. I remember the kitchen door booming open, but there was no one there. That’s when I woke up from the chest thing…
“Emily, what’s going on? How do you know,” he stammered. “Are you going to get all Scooby Doo and tell me that you had the same dream I did?”
Emily looked down at Charlie’s hand, hard and strong, but wrapped so gently around her own. I won’t leave you. Well, here goes the big test of that.
“I do think we had the same dream, or very near. But that’s not the weirdest part.” She took a breath and let it out. “I have to tell you something about me, something that’s going to be very hard for you to believe.”
Charlie raised his eyebrows.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 12

DRUM STARED INTO the bathroom mirror. The trembling hand was cause for concern, but he could see no real outward sign of neural damage. Nothing immediate anyway. Both pupils were the same size, the irises were strange, overly reflective, but that was nothing new. Still, he couldn’t rule out the possibility that his new ability was screwing around with his wiring. The next time he reached into someone’s chest and stopped their heart, he could get stopped himself.
But cessation wasn’t an option at this point. Getting his fear fix usually required advanced planning and tremendous risk. Once the fear donor was identified, he or she had to be researched. Did they have family? Would anyone raise a fuss or ask questions when they disappeared? Could they be tied back to Drum? And then if the donor qualified, there was the abduction to work out and the subsequent probing for that one trigger that would send them over the edge into heart attack land. It was a grueling process that allowed for four, maybe five sessions a year. Just enough to keep Drum from going all the way over.
And now, because of that fairy Michael or Martie or whatever the little faggot called itself, Drum’s lair was compromised. That warehouse had taken months to find. If he stuck to the old way, he’d have to find a new place and start all over again. That could mean he wouldn’t get another fix for at least six months. Maybe even longer. Drum stared at the man in the mirror. His skin was florid, his cheeks sunken, the corners of his mouth tugged down. This was not a man who could go for six months without another fix. If anything, the problem was getting worse, threatening to white him out with an acid bath of alien emotion.
But with this new addition—oh, why not name it?—this telekinesis, most of the risk was gone. He could walk down the street and suck up the death pathos of anyone he chose to reach out and touch. It was as simple as squeezing. And there was nothing to tie him to the murders. To hell with the risk of stroke, or whatever was happening to cause the hand tremors. They weren’t that bad anyway. He flexed his hand. Wrist hurt like a sonofabitch, though. If he was careful not to gorge as he had done on 5th avenue earlier that afternoon, he should be fine.
Just think of all the people in New York ripe for a heart attack. Anyone in a high-stress job, or with a few pounds to lose was a natural target. America was becoming more and more obese every day. Drum could fix at least twice a day and never worry about being caught again. What was one more fat-ass to worry about? Someone would sue the restaurant industry and he would keep feeding on his own fast food. 
A giggle bubbled from Drum’s chest. It hitched onto itself and stretched into a howling roll of laughter. He gripped the sink and barked and shouted his glee at his reflection. His hair flew, his eyes flashed and his mouth gaped. I look like a monster, he thought and laughed even harder. A quiet snap sounded and the mirror cleaved a single line through Drum’s reflection. His left hand began to dance on the edge of the sink. Drum thought it was the funniest thing in the world.

* * *

IT TOOK TIME for Drum to calm down. A tiny bastion of sanity in the back of his mind whispered that if he didn’t stop laughing he would have a stroke for real. Either that or his new ability would tear the bathroom apart. Every time a fresh gale took him, another crack bolted through the mirror glass. By the time he got hold of himself, the sink was a cauldron of broken glass, his hand a vibrating blur.
He finally collapsed down onto the toilet and forced himself to breathe, slow and even, until his laughing jag cooled. With his head between his knees, he watched single tear drops tumble like sapphires and shatter on the tile at his feet. As the frequency between the drops stretched, so did his mind. Aside from being giddy with joy at this gift, he was equally curious about its origins. 
He’d always assumed that his empathic prowess was an in-born trait, a side-effect of some chromosomal skew. During her pregnancy with him, Drum had long suspected his mother of dabbling in what Mr. Jager and the Stones had called “mother’s little helper”. Or, perhaps a positron spat from a solar flare had zipped through his father’s sweaty scrotum and into a lucky spermatozoum where it pushed a key peptide just enough to replace a C with a G. Either way, little Drum had ended up with striking but nearly useless eyes and a head full of other people’s feelings. Ah, yes, there was the madness too. He really did have to admit that one, being a shrink and all. Sociopath was probably the most accurate handle, but you say tomato…
Drum’s eyes flew open and flared orange from the sunset flowing through the bathroom window. That girl. That girl in the hospital lobby. It was something to do with her. He was sure of it; could feel it from the same part of his mind that smelled emotions and now broke hearts. When he’d felt her it had been like tasting the fear of a hundred people at once. And she had been aware of him, too. It had been all over her face. She had to have some sort of psy-enhancement as well. Could it be she too was an empath? That might explain why he seemed to feel so much intensity from her; she might have been filtering the collective emotions of multiple other people. At first, he’d been content to write her off, pressed for time as he had been due to the McCafferty problem, but things were different now.
He thought of her in the hospital lobby, pretty green eyes, good cheekbones. In the gathering dark his eyes shown like coals. Something had happened between them. He held up his spasming hand, slowing now like an engine cycling down.
“Looks like I’ve got a new pet project.”


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 13

“DON’T DO THAT again,” Charlie said. She was trying to hide it under the covers, but even from across the room he could see her right hand jangling like it was hooked up to some serious current.
The two of them had spent an hour talking about what made Emily Burton different from other little girls. At first Charlie wouldn’t believe her, couldn’t believe her. When she had poured it all out for him—her empathic power and now the telekinesis—it had been too much for him to get his head around. In truth, it had broken his heart. To fall in love with a woman in one night and then to learn that his heart’s desire was nuttier than Nicholson in One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest…well, shit. 
Emily had seen it on his face the second it was out of her mouth. She had focused out the white noise of the city and stretched, sensing his disbelief and accompanying pain. The emotional swell from him was as huge and complex as a weather front. Tears had sprung to her eyes and dull heat, male and stony, had thudded in her chest. But there had been no way to convince him that she was picking up on his feelings. No way to shatter his doubt. So Emily had said a little prayer that it would still work and shattered something else: the lamp. 
It had been easy too. Second nature, really. Emily had imagined clapping her hands against the ceramic hips of the lamp on the bedside table and it had imploded. That had gotten Charlie’s attention. An hour later, most of the smaller objects in the room had been reduced to shards and Charlie was a complete convert.
Emily was like a kid with a new toy. The empathy had been driving her nuts, but the telekinesis was altogether a different story. She was like a superhero or something. She tried to think of a superhero with her power, but came up blank. Maybe one of the X-men? She’d always been more of a Superfriends girl. Hell, she had stopped a entire SUV from twenty feet away by sticking out her hand. Even Superman had to touch stuff.
She beamed at Charlie. “One more.”
Charlie got out of bed and stepped into his jeans. “No,” he said, scowling. “I don’t like this. I mean, it’s amazing. I can hardly believe any of it. I’ve got this light headed thing going on and I can’t seem to get my heart to slow down.”
Emily grinned and rolled over her on tummy. “You’re just falling in love.”
“Do you know that because you can—I don’t know—sense it from me or whatever?”
“At first, yes,” she said. “But I don’t like to do that. It makes me feel blurry, like I don’t know where I start and everyone else stops. It’s like I told you. That’s why it’s so much easier to be surrounded by so many people.”
“White noise.”
“Right.” She smiled and wagged her feet back and forth. “Besides I’m all light headed and giddy, too.”
Charlie put his hands on his hips. “Yeah, but with you it could just be some kind of neural melt-down.” God, he was beginning to remind himself of his mother. He took his hands off his hips and sat down on the bed. He leaned forward and kissed her on the forehead. Damn, her hair smelled amazing. He kissed her nose for good measure. “Listen, Emily.”
She rolled her eyes. “Oh, boy.”
“Shut up,” he said and stroked a lock of hair out of her face. “These things you can do worry the hell out of me and not just because this is like an episode of the freakin’ X Files.”
“I could do without the empathic stuff,” she said. “You don’t have to sell me on that one.” She winked and the button on the top of Charlie’s jeans popped open. “I like this new one, though.”
“Hey!” He tried to keep from smiling, and it wasn’t hard when her hand graduated from electric boogaloo to flopping around like a gut shot dog. “You may like it,” he said. “But it might be killing you. You’ve noticed your hand, right? I’m going to go out on a limb here and guess that’s not a condition you’ve always had.”
“No, you’re right, but it’s just a little shaking. I get that from coffee.” She smiled. “Maybe it’s just nerves.”
“I think that could be just what it is, but when I say ‘nerves’ I think it might be the eventual degradation of your motor neurons, not just the jitters because you’ve had too many long nights at the fucking office.”
Emily darkened. After meeting Charlie, she was reinvested in the whole not dying thing. And she did feel pretty weak now that she thought about it. “You really think it could be something like that?”
“I don’t know what to think.”
“Well, what do you want me to do?”
“Don’t use it anymore. And don’t look at me like I just took away your water pistol. At the very least, until we know what’s going on with your tremors you’ve gotta keep a lid on it.”
Emily pushed out her lower lip. Charlie kissed it. “Listen, it just so happens that I work at a hospital. Let me get you an appointment to have an MRI done.”
“And if we find out that it’s harmless?”
“I’ll buy you another ice cream cone.”
She lay her head in his lap and stared up at him for a long time. She could see herself reflected in his eyes, skewed at the edges. “What if we find out that it’s not harmless?”
Charlie ran the back of his fingers along her cheekbone and traced the outline of her lips with his index finger. “Two scoops.”
She nipped his finger and then reached up to guide his hand down her neck and lower. Emily closed her eyes and sighed. The city sang outside the window, and the morning slid away from them.

* * *

“SHE’S GOT NICE toes, doesn’t she?” Charlie said, nodding toward the open end of the MRI where Emily’s feet stuck out. She waggled her big toe a him.
A knife blade of a man in a white lab coat and Day-Glo orange Chuck Taylor All Stars tennis shoes grumbled, “You know how much trouble I could get in for this, Charlie? Time on this machine’s expensive. Technically this is stealing.”
“What’s the big deal, Harlan? You said your noon appointment cancelled.”
Harlan glared at Charlie then called to Emily in calm, professional tones, “You okay in there, Miss Burton?”
Her voice echoed out of the tube. “Feels like I’m in a washing machine.”
 “Me and Harlan are going into the booth, Em.” Charlie said and grabbed her big toe.
“Hey!”
“We’ll talk to you from in there.”
“’Kay.”
Charlie followed Harlan into the dim monitor room. Several screens flickered in stand-by mode. Harlan sat at the console and motioned for Charlie to close the door. His laid back professional demeanor evaporated. “The big fucking deal, you twat, is that I could lose my job for something like this.” He leaned forward and whispered as if someone would hear them through the walls. “I know I owe you man, but I don’t wanna’ get fired. Why can’t you just make an appointment like normal people? You got insurance.”
One of the monitors reflected a curved blue square on Charlie’s head. “That’s right, you do owe me,” he said. “Stealing morphine’s an even bigger deal than stealing time on an MRI.”
Harlan winced at the deed spoken, as if naming it could somehow transport him back in time to that supply closet, sweating and desperate. Charlie saw it in his friend’s face and softened. “I didn’t turn you in then because I knew you could kick it.” He put a hand on Harlan’s shoulder. “And you did. Now, I need your help, man. This girl might have something wrong with her that can’t wait for an appointment.” He sat back and gave the grin of a high stakes gambler. “Besides, you know as well as I do how hard it is to find a qualified imaging tech. You could get caught shooting a porno flick in that tube and probably just get a reprimand in your file.”
Harlan raised an eyebrow. “That,” he said, “would look really cool.” He sighed. “All right, man. Let’s do this then.” He flicked a toggle and spoke into the microphone that sprouted from the console.
“Hear me okay, Miss Burton?”
Her voice came through a hidden speaker. “Call me Emily,” she said. “Miss Burton makes it sound like I’m in trouble or something.”
Charlie smiled. She sounded cool. “Not too tight in there?” he asked.
“It’s kind of soothing really.”
“Good deal,” he said. Better her than him, then. You couldn’t pay Charlie enough to get into an MRI. It wasn’t his claustrophobia—that was actually pretty light—it was the banging. When those magnets fired up they went off like little cannons. The mixture of noise and the confined space would throw him right over the edge into hysteria. He’d seen it happen a time or two with patients. So bad in one case that a woman in for an arterial-cardio scan had gone into arrest from the fear. Without ever being loaded into the muzzle himself, Charlie knew it would be true of him as well. It might not be his heart that blew, but something in his mind sure as hell would.
Harlan was busy flicking switches and tapping a keyboard. Charlie could feel a low thrum start up in his gut. Somewhere under the floor panels and in the walls, lightning bolts were being harnessed and fed into huge magnets. The field they generated would allow them to look through Emily’s flesh. Sometimes Charlie wondered if they, people, already knew too much.
“Okay, Emily,” Harlan said. “We’re ready to roll. The magnets are going to make a hell of a racket, but you’ve got to stay as still as you can.”
“Okay,” she answered, the excitement of this strange experience juicing her voice.
“If things get too intense, just call out,” Charlie said.
“Relax, babe,” she said. “Let’s do it.”
Babe. Charlie was glad it was dark in the booth. He could feel himself blushing. 
Harlan initiated the scan and the magnets started knocking. He sat back and flicked off the mic. “So,” he said as if they were at a ladies garden party, “have you set a date?”
“Oh, fuck off.”
“She’s pretty hot, man.” Harlan was quiet a moment, adjusting a knob on a monitor. “Gotta’ love those hospital gowns.”
Charlie whapped him on the shoulder. “Shut up, dude!” But he was smiling. “Yeah, she’s really something. She actually corrected me on a Star Wars quote last night. “Ooh, keeper,” Harlan said without a trace of sarcasm.
“I’m beginning to think so too.”
Harlan waited a beat. “What do you think might be wrong with her, man?”
Charlie recalled the SUV, upside-down and spinning across the pavement toward them, sparks flying; the lamp on the nightstand imploding, the nightstand itself floating then flipping end over end across the room as if tossed by a giant; Emily’s huge grin and laughter; the fluttering of her hand.
“Charlie?”
“Yeah, sorry, man.”
“The machine’s the eyeballs, but I’m the one doing the seeing.” Harlan pointed at a shrinking horizontal bar at the bottom of the screen. “It’s counting down while the computer compiles the first set of images. What am I looking for?”
Charlie blew of long puff of air over his lower lip. “Um, I guess anything out of the ordinary.”
“So, what, like the evidence of alien tracking devices or a partially digested twin?”
“Okay, okay.” Charlie squinted at the screen, the bar was almost gone. “Just concentrate for now on vascular irregularities, pin-prick hemorrhages, clotting.”
“She been complaining of headaches?”
“No, but her hand’s been shaking a lot.”
“That could be any number of things, man.”
“I know. That’s why I came to you.”
Harlan looked at Charlie. “You ask her about drugs?”
“It’s just one hand.”
Harlan crossed his arms over his chest. “Oh, I’m sorry. Is that supposed to mean something?”
“I dunno’, man. I just… It’s not drugs. I know that much. Or if she does use, the shaking doesn’t have anything to do with it.”
“You’re not telling me something.”
Charlie set his jaw. “You’re right. I’m not.”
Harlan threw his hands up. “Fine, Charlie. All I’m saying is that this might not be the best procedure.”
“Why?”
“If her motor neurons are acting funny it could be something vascular. Do you know if she has a history of stroke in her family? Aneurysm? Have you thought about an iodine drip and a PET scan?”
“Let’s see what we get from this first.”
The computer chimed and the timing bar on the monitor turned into a tiny hour glass. It spun for a moment and an image burned into the screen.
“The hell?” Harlan said. “That can’t be right.”
Charlie leaned forward. “What are we looking at?”
“Nothing, it’s like she’s not even there.”

* * *

EMILY STARED AT the recorded image of her MRI scan. Her lower body was visible—a geological study of her musculoskeletal system, the rivers and deltas of her circulatory system—just not her head. Where her brain should have been laid bare, was a ring of white light. It reminded her a little of the pictures she had seen of a solar eclipses. She turned to Charlie. In the darkened control room the light from the computer monitor made his eyes complicated. “What does this mean? Is it broken?”
“Harlan says it’s not the machine.”
Harlan sat forward, using a pen to point at the screen. He was being careful not to look at Emily. “The rest of you is showing up fine. And I ran a system check not twenty minutes before you guys got here. I had a cancellation,” his throat clicked. “So, I had the time to, um, you know, to do that.”
Emily smiled. She felt bad for Harlan. She didn’t need any special powers to know that he was freaking out a little. She looked him over: the mussed hair, the Day-Glo orange Chucks. Harlan hadn’t been holding things together all that well before Charlie brought her through the door. 
“So, you know, it’s not the machine.”
“Okay,” Emily said. “What do you think it might be?”
“I think it’s you.”
Charlie looked at the floor. “Yeah, man, that much is pretty clear. Listen, though, do you think you could flesh that out a little bit?”
“Jesus, Charlie. I don’t know.”
“Hazard a fucking guess, Harlan.” 
Emily reached down and squeezed Charlie’s hand. He closed his eyes and exhaled. “Sorry, Harl.”
Emily glanced at Charlie.
He nodded. 
“Harlan,” she started, “you’re scared.”
He sat back. “I’m a little wigged out, yeah but…”
“No,” she stopped him. “I know you’re scared because I can feel it.”
“Okaaaaay.”
She knew where this was going and let it play. “I’ve got telepathic empathy, Harlan. I can read your emotions.” She grinned. “Also, it looks like I can do telekinetic stuff now, too.”
Harlan looked at Charlie for help, but his friend, who usually made such solid decisions and who would never fall in love with a patient from the psych ward, was staring at the floor and trying not to smile. “Oh,” Harlan said. “I get it. You’re fucking with me.”
Emily laughed. “Yeah,” she said and winked. 
Harlan’s glasses slipped off his face. He caught them in a jumble of fingers and frames. He put them back on. “Shit.”
Even though he could feel the tremors starting in the hand he held, Charlie stifled a giggle.
“Harlan,” Emily said. “Do something for me.”
“What?”
“Put your hands out in front of you.”
He held out double middle fingers. “Like this?”
Okay, now she liked him. “Open the rest of your fingers,” she said. “Like this.” She held out her own hands as if ready to receive a load of firewood.
Harlan complied just in time to catch his glasses again. This time he didn’t put them back on right away. He turned them over in his hands, looking for something, a nearly invisible fishing line or something. 
“Harlan?”
He didn’t look at her. He was still looking for the trick.
“Harlan.”
Emily yanked the glasses out of his hands without moving her own except to reach up with her left and pluck them from the air. Charlie was still holding her right hand, and now the tremors were hard enough to run up his arm. Emily reached forward to hand the glasses back to their owner. Harlan sat back, his face open and vulnerable without the specs. 
“It’s okay, honey,” Emily said. “They’re not radioactive.”
Harlan still wouldn’t make eye contact with her, staring at the glasses instead. “You’re sure?”
“Not really. I mean, they’re not overly warm to the touch or anything.”
“C’mon, Harlan,” Charlie said. “Get it together man. We need your help to figure this out.”
“This is. I don’t. This is.”
Maybe a little too roughly, Charlie held up Emily’s jangling hand. “Look at this. This happens every time she does a—a trick. I’m a little invested in her now and would like to know that she isn’t going to expire in the next few minutes, you get me?”
Charlie lowered her hand, gave it back to her. “Sorry,” he said. “That was really jerky of me.”
It was, but Emily understood. She’d fallen for a guy with a temper. She had one of her own and knew well enough that having a temper wasn’t what needed watching out for, it was what a person did with it. “It’s okay,” she said.
Harlan looked at them, their heads together. “Here,” he said. “Gimme’ those.” He put the glasses back on and turned toward the monitor. For a long time he was quiet, just staring at the electronic woman stripped down to her glowing nerves and bones. He took off his glasses again and pinched the bridge of his nose.
 “Harl?” Charlie asked after a time. “What do you think, man?”
He faced them and felt something in his chest open. Charlie had been a rock when Harlan had been drowning but not now. He was the one up to his neck. And Emily: she was broken and beautiful and powerful. Harlan hadn’t made it through medical school, the fucking morphine had seen to that, but that didn’t change the core of who he was.
“Primum non nocere,” he said.
Emily squinted. “Huh?” She looked at Charlie. He was smiling.
“What do you guys know about Bose-Einstein Condensates?”
They gave him a look that reminded Harlan of ungulates.
He pinched the bridge of his nose again. “I think this conversation is going to require massive amounts of caffeine.”
* * *

EMILY HISSED BACKWARD through her teeth. It was the strongest cup of coffee she’d ever tasted. Not bad, like good whiskey isn’t bad, sweet and clean in its way, but strong enough to thin paint. Harlan was watching her reaction from across the booth.
“Turkish. What do you think?”
She took another sip, could actually feel the tissues in her mouth inflate. “Painful. I like it.” She held her cup in both hands. The tremors from her recent showing-off were almost gone. “I think this stuff is actually chilling me out.”
Charlie raised his eyebrows. She got more and more interesting. They were sitting in a booth by the window of a coffee shop down the street from the hospital. A ray of dusty sun rolled through the glass and crackled in her hair. The heat was lifting her scent into the air and mixing it with the coffee. Charlie felt drunk all the time now. The voice of caution rose up in the back of his head. He told it to go to hell.
Harlan stared into his coffee cup. “You know I was reading recently about how the first practical quantum computers might actually be housed in coffee. Something about the way the atoms interact.” He smiled. “Instead of a computer monitor and a cup of coffee on your desk, you’ll just have two cups of coffee. One you drink and one you buy movie tickets and unravel the mysteries of the universe with.”
“Harlan,” Charlie asked, “the hell are you talking about, man?”
“Sorry guys, I’m still a little wigged by all this, but I’m also turned on about it.” He looked at Emily and blushed. “I mean—not like that, is what I mean.” She smiled with her eyes over her coffee. Okay, maybe he was a little like that. “What I mean is that I’m really curious now.”
“You have an idea about what’s going on with the MRI, right? You think it means something, the way it wouldn’t work with Emily.” Charlie said.
“Yeah, I do.”
Emily sat forward. “You mentioned something about speakers before and Einstein?”
Harlan laughed. “No, Bose-Einstein condensates.”
“I’ve always been more of a Bang and Olufson man myself.” Charlie said.
Emily grabbed his knee under the table and gave it a good squeeze. Charlie barked and thrashed. The coffee mugs rattled.
“Hey!” Harlan grabbed his mug and cradled it. “Careful, dude. I don’t go into your church and fuck with the sacrificial wine or whatever.” He took a sip and focused, the caffeine just beginning to quicken him. “Okay, let’s forget Bose-Einstein Condensates for now and start with something a little more basic.
“You guys know what quarks are?”
“Electrons and stuff like that, right?” Emily said. “The little bits that make up atoms.”
“Just so,” Harlan said. “Now, in comes Mr. Einstein. He figured out that once a pair of quarks is synched up, that if you switch the state of one, the other one also switches at the same time. It’s called entanglement. It can happen over infinite distance with no time passing.”
“Wait,” Emily said. “How’s the possible?”
“Just what Einstein thought. He ended up rejecting his own theory. You know that whole quote about how God doesn’t play dice with the universe? That’s Einstein’s and he was talking about entanglement.”
“That’s cool.” Emily said. “Forgive me for sounding a little like Strawberry Shortcake and all, but it’s kind of magical.”
Harlan gave her a grin and for a moment she realized something about him. Past whatever head trash he was still carrying around, Harlan was beautiful.
“Do you have a girlfriend, Harlan?”
Charlie smiled out of the side of his mouth and looked at his friend. Harlan’s pasty skin burned. He focused on the sugar and sweetener packets. “Not at present, no.”
Emily nodded. He would before too long with a grin like that. “Okay, go on,” she said, waving a hand at the table top display. “This stuff is really neat.”
“But it can’t work,” Charlie said. “Information can’t just move across that much space without any time passing. Even if you did it at the speed of light it would take years for the one quark to like know that the other quark had switched.” He reddened. “I don’t like it. And anyway, what’s all this have to do with Emily’s MRI?”
Emily shot Charlie a sideways glance. Interesting that he could accept the fact of her empathy and telekinesis, but be so thrown off by an intangible scientific theory. It was really bugging him, too. She could feel it pulsing off him in jagged waves, sea water mushy with melted ice pack.
Wait a minute. She could feel him. Was the wall of white noise coming apart? Was she getting used to it, adapting? She closed her eyes and listened. The roar of New York and its multitude rushed up and over her, ten million hearts, but none distinguishable from another. She was still safe. Then how was she feeling Charlie? Emily opened her eyes and sneaked a peak at a young Asian woman with streaks of blonde in her hair at a table across the room. She was reviewing her check, her eyes flat, just another cup of coffee. Emily stretched and was doused with a shock of tension. The woman opened the Smurfette lunch box she used for a purse and Emily’s eyes popped with dry worry. The woman pulled out a crumpled five dollar bill and left. As she rushed past Emily and through the door, she wafted shame like rank perfume. Emily couldn’t tell exactly what the woman’s deal was, but she’d felt emotions like that before around money.
Emily pulled it back in and sighed. She was adapting, but not in the way she feared. She could still pick up the emotions of other people, but now it was a matter of will. The white noise was still keeping her mind busy enough that she had to concentrate to really feel anything outside of her own emotions. She looked at Charlie. She must have just been naturally curious about his feelings and stretched without thinking about it. She’d have to watch that. Other than just not wanting a head full of other people’s hearts she was beginning to think it was kind of rude.
She let herself fall back into the conversation.
Harlan was finally getting somewhere with Charlie. “So you can at least accept that this is true. I mean, even if you can’t figure out how or why it works, you can at least accept that scientists have actually done the polarity switcheroo in the lab?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
Harlan sat back. “Good enough for government work. Okay, here’s why I think this might explain that coronal effect on the MRI.”
Emily nodded. Maybe it was just the coffee, or relief at finding her empathy was still under control, but she was really digging this exchange. No one had ever offered her an explanation of her abilities. Her father had mumbled something about not knowing God’s plans when she was a kid, but never anything more than that.
Charlie turned to Emily. “The reason the MRI was all screwed up is that your,” he wiggled his fingers, “thing that you can do causes some kind of electro-magnetic interference.”
She looked at Harlan. “So the ‘thing’ I’m doing. Do you know exactly what’s going on?”
“No, but I think that maybe you might be doing some kind of quantum state entanglement with the quarks in other people’s heads as far the emotion deal goes.”
“So you think that I’m somehow, like, wirelessly tapping into the quantum activity in other people’s brains?”
“Yeah, that’s pretty much what I think.” He took a sip of his now stone cold coffee. He grimaced. Took another sip.
“And the, uh, the other deal?” Emily gave the slightest nudge to her coffee mug without touching it.
Harlan just stared for a second. “Well,” he said. “That one I’m not as sure of. That could be some kind of manipulation of gravity or magnetism on a quantum level.”
Emily blew air through her lips. “Quantum gravity?”
“You’re going to have to look that one up, toots. I’ve gotta’ get back to work. There are people who need their skin looked through.” Harlan drained his coffee mug and stood up. “Check out Hawking. He’s got some interesting theories on radiation and gravity.” He folded his bony arms across his chest and stared down at Charlie. 
“Charles?”
“Harlan?”
“Pay for my coffee.”

* * *

HARLAN’S 2:45 SCAN had just settled into the belly of the beast. He kind of hoped he would find something wrong with this guy, something he could sink his teeth into. Emily’s scan had been funky but impossible to read. The one after he’d gotten back from his prolonged coffee break had been normal. In fact, it had been something of a waste of time. African American male, forties, in good shape and without any trace of malady. You’d hope that the prescribing physician would keep the hypochondriacs off the slate for the day. Hell, maybe that was why he’d been slated in the first place, to debunk his own worries. 
Usually, an MRI was ordered by a treating physician, just like an X-ray, but his present appointment had ordered this one for himself. Harlan sat in his dim control room behind the MRI and toggled the microphone on. 
“Okay in there, Doctor?”
“Proceed, please.”
“Okay,” Harlan said and toggled off. He modulated his voice to mimic the scan’s basso molasses. “Proceed, please…to eat shit.” He ran his fingers over the keys, tagging the image file and ordering the MRI to begin its scan. He sat back and let the machine and his mind run.
Could Emily have been for real? How could he reconcile what had happened with what he knew, or thought he knew about the way the world worked? His glasses had flown off his face. Twice. Without fishing line or anything. It hadn’t been a magic trick. You could do that kind of thing with a big crowd and a big stage to separate the big crowd from the bullshit you were really pulling at a distance. Fishing line. Misdirection. Bullshit. Charlie wouldn’t do that to him. Why would he? They went back. What would be the point of messing with him like that?
There wasn’t one. Emily was for real. And for real, she was hot, too. Charlie had totally scored. Man, some dudes had all the luck. But to give him credit, Charlie had it going on with that whole Special Forces premature-balding-slash-crew-cut thing. And being a male nurse on top of all that? You couldn’t get much more Sensitive Male than that. Well, good for Charlie. Guy deserved it. He was solid all the way through. Charlie, who’d saved his ass when the morphine had become like a mean woman. He deserved someone like Emily.
New York was full of women with good shoulders and long legs. The health clubs squirted them out en masse, but Emily stuck out. It was the age in her, the experience. She’d said she was from somewhere truly banal, like Michigan or Ohio or somewhere. He’d been concentrating on her mouth when she was saying it. She hadn’t been wearing lipstick. Hadn’t needed it. She was from somewhere were you didn’t get that beat-down citified look, but she had it, or a version of it. A more pure version of it. She was…what?
“Tested,” he said to himself.
She’d asked him if he had a girlfriend like she knew something about him that he didn’t. His cheeks heated.
Was she for real, the stuff she could do? The machine had read-out fine when he’d run the diagnostic program, and still that freaky coronal effect; the light spreading from where he her head should have been like what would happen if you dropped a balloon full of white paint off a building onto the sidewalk.
His glasses. Twice.
And all that shit he’d schpieled about quantum mechanics…it was old news; a theory he’d come up with after staying up too late watching Fire Starter and Scanners back to back. Cable television would either fix the world or destroy it utterly.
The computer chimed at him. Harlan squinted as the finished scan burned into the monitor. He shook his head. Maybe the machine was fried after all. The damn thing was doing the same shit as before. He toggled the mic.
“Doctor? You can come back and take a look now, but I’m not sure about the results.”
“Meaning what? Never mind, I’ll come back.”
Harlan toggled off and sat back. He pulled up the scan of the previous patient, the one after Emily, and split the screen. The images were nearly identical from the toes to the base of the neck. From there up, the “normal” laid out the twists and turns of a healthy brain. The new scan showed a spray of light, just like Emily’s, except instead of a light corona this one was like a photo negative, black on white. “Weird,” Harlan said.
“What’s weird?”
Harlan spun in his chair. A tall man with with pewter eyes stood in the door. Harlan grabbed his chest with his left hand. “Jesus, Doctor Fine, I didn’t hear you come in.”
“Scared you.”
“Yeah,” Harlan said, holding contact with those eyes for a moment longer than would have been polite. He needed the time. Bullshit and misdirection while he tabbed over to the scan of the normal patient and selected it so it filled the screen.
Drum caught the motion on the monitor. “That my scan? What’s weird?”
“Nothing,” Harlan said and turned his back on Fine. What the hell was he doing? He could lose his license for something like this. “It’s just that I’m used to seeing problems, and your scan is perfect.”
Drum’s face appeared over Harlan’s shoulder. He smelled like soap and something else. It wasn’t that he had bad breath, but the effect was the same. He was sour. “You don’t see any neural abnormalities?”
“None, Doctor.”
Drum stared at Harlan for a moment, and sniffed. “You’re certain? Nothing in the motor cortex or the hands?”
Sweat prickled Harlan’s armpits. “I don’t see a thing on this scan.” He turned, his face a couple of inches from Drum’s. “You’re perfect.”
Drum stared at this irritating nerd of an imaging tech for a hard moment and straightened. “Fine,” he said. “Just make sure you print out a copy of my scan. I’ll want to go over it in depth myself.”
“Of course.”
Drum left a few minutes later with a copy of a scan that belonged to another man’s body. Harlan had swapped the names on the scans while Fine was waiting and dealing with the insurance. Long after Fine was gone, Harlan sat in his control room and watched his own hands shake. His symptoms, he was sure, were not from psychic ability. Fine had freaked him more than anything else in a long while. Harlan noticed that for the first time in a year, the delicate flesh on the inside of his left elbow itched.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 14

AARON SAMUELS WAS really getting tired of waiting around to be declared fully healed by some wunderkind in a lab coat who was more interested in paying off his medical student loans than the humanity of his patients. He had been in the cardiac unit, actually feeling his butt bond to the bed, for almost three days now. Flirting with the nurses and doing his best to remind his doctor that he in fact was more than the fleshy equivalent of a Chevy with a temperamental carburetor took up some of his time, but not enough. The place was incredibly second rate in any event. Twice, just to see what would happen, he’d disconnected the heart monitor electrode from his thatch of snowy chest hair. A harried nurse had materialized to silence the resulting alarm. When he’d done it again, she showed up, reset the machine, cursed and finally unplugged it.
Samuels combed a liver-spotted hand over his scalp, sculpting a spiky wave of frozen white. He glanced up at the darkened TV bolted to the wall and caught his warped reflection in the glass. Looked like a stuffed cockatiel, poorly preserved and in need of dusting. He considered replacing his image with one of chunky Latinas, but decided he had watched enough Spanish Channel to last him the rest of his life. Matter of fact, the more he watched the shorter he wished that life would be.
Samuels swung his legs off the side of the bed and announced to the blank TV screen, “As my dear departed wife used to utter with great eloquence and even greater frequency: Fuck this noise.”
He flicked off the heart monitor and hopped off the bed. Black television snow swam into his peripheral vision. Samuels clutched the heart monitor he’d just killed for support. A moment later, his vision returned to normal. He straightened and asked, “All right, Aaron?” He paused, head cocked just like Emily her first night in the hotel room, waiting for the hammer. When none fell, he shuffled to the door.
Samuels stuck his head into the hall. An invisible mist of urine and disinfectant hung above the linoleum, but no nurses, and thank God, no Doogie Howsers. The cardiac unit was kept quiet for a reason: the staff relied on the beeping vigil of machines and monitors. There was a nurse on the unit somewhere, most likely behind the desk running over files or some such medical busy work. Something Emily’s new beau would know about. Seemed a nice fellow, even if he was a nurse.
Samuels shuffled down the hall, the floor tiles dry-slick and cold under his feet. He smiled and slid along, an old man in a bathrobe ice skating on a frozen creek. Halfway down the hall he stopped and read the chart hanging outside a patient suite. Michael McCafferty. Young man. Coma.
What was he doing on a cardiac unit? He scanned further down, squinting without his glasses. Ah, heart attack. Just like Samuels, but this man had obviously been hit a hell of a lot harder. Samuels glanced up and down the hall—a kid ready to steal a candy bar—and slipped into the room.
Michael McCafferty was a bio-mechanical flower: muscled torso and neck, arms, sprouting with a radiance of tubing and wires. His chest rose and fell, rose and fell, rose and fell. The machines pumped and hissed, pumped and hissed, pumped and hissed. This was the kid Emily had told him about, the faggel who wore dresses. 
Samuels flinched as the door snicked shut behind him. Go on, old fellah, walk on over and introduce yourself. He couldn’t move. The hydraulic wheeze of those external lungs pounded out a force field, pressing his boney shoulders against the door. The wood was even colder than the floor.
Where were the cops? Emily had said this boy showed up in a cab with a corpse for company before keeling over. Shouldn’t they have a two-man guard posted outside the door, a couple of sleepy boyznblew slumping in folding metal chairs just like on the television? Samuels reached up and touched the skin at his own throat, his fingers trembled against his collar bone. The trembling did it.
Of for the love of Jehovah, old man, get over it. He was having a conniption like some parody of himself, standing there fluttering because he was faced with what could have been him. But this was not his death. This was Michael McCafferty’s death. He straightened. “You got nothing to be afraid of, old fellah.”
Samuels walked over to the window and grabbed the twist rod for the venetians. He looked over his shoulder, “You want some light, kid?” Samuels stared at Michael’s face. His eyelids were dark, the lashes long. “You look like you could use some light.” He twisted the rod and stripes of white glowed across Michael’s chest. A metal fitting on an electrode pad flared in rhythm with the machine breaths, a robotic nipple, light then dull and light again. Samuels pulled a chair up next to the bed and sat down.
Michael was a beautiful kid, one of those boys who would have taken a lot of hits in Samuels’s old neighborhood. In Samuels’s day a boy like this might have graduated from self-loathing (if he made it that far) to self-denial, taking on the mantle of husband and father, leaving himself in the closet and nailing shut the door. Kids today had it better, he mused. Had more of chance to be themselves, or at least to go looking for who that self might be.
Samuels let his eyes walk over the tubes and wires, where they contacted Michael’s skin. The flesh in the corner of his mouth was angry where the respirator hose rubbed, greasy where the nurses had applied Vaseline. A thin plastic tube with a faint yellow cast snaked out of the sheets and up to who knew where. Maybe kids today didn’t have it all that good after all.
Samuels leaned forward and whispered, “You in there, kid?”
The machines breathed for Michael.
Aaron Samuels breathed for himself. “What’d you see?”
The afternoon passed. Samuels sat sentinel as the bars of light scanned slow as the tide over the room, climbing the wall and turning the color of dandelion petals. When the door opened, he raised his head and gave a tired smile to the duty nurse.
“Mr. Samuels?” she said, her chin doubling. “What are you doing in here?”
“Just sitting with Michael.” He looked back at McCafferty. “My bet he’s lonely in there.”
The nurse, fortyish with broad hips and a large mole at the corner of her mouth, padded into the room to check Michael’s connections. She scowled at the wires and the information they siphoned from his body. “You shouldn’t be in here, Mr. Samuels.” Her voice was nasal, Queens at the beginning of her life perhaps, but Jersey suburbs for at least the last decade. “I could get canned.”
Samuels sat back in his chair, his lower back grinding its gears. “You think he’ll be all right?”
“I think you’ll be in hot water if you don’t get back to your room.”
She stopped fussing—a little roughly—with an IV hook-up and looked at Samuels. There was something there that kept her from being really rude and forceful.
“What’s he like?” he asked.
“Who?”
“Your father.”
She reddened and turned around, busying herself with the wiring on the back of the respirator. Her underwear showed through her white slacks.
“Nurse?”
Her back stiffened. “Mr. Samuels, I would really appreciate it if you would just—”
“Nurse!”
She whirled around. The old man stared down at the bed. She tracked his gaze down his arm where Michael McCafferty held his hand in a weak but definite grip. She looked back at Samuels’s face, but he was looking in another direction, a warm smile on his face. Michael McCafferty looked at the old man whose hand he held. A tear welled slow and burst over the rim of his right eye. It rolled down his cheek and pooled against the respirator tube. Michael blinked. His chest rose and fell.
Samuels blinked back a tear of his own. “Good morning, son.”


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 15

CHARLIE COUNTED THE bars of light reflected in Emily’s eyes. He could make out five of them floating around in those complicated irises. There were more bars of light, he could see them running along the walls of Emily’s hotel room, but her eyes bent them, losing them at the edges. He could dig that. He felt that way when she looked at him: the core of who he was crystallized sharp as a shard of ceramic, the outlines blurred-out and merging with his environs. 
This was more than being in love. Maybe it was what she could do with her mind, the specialness of her somehow bleeding over into him, changing him, making him more of who he already was while spreading him at the same time. Could she infect him with her talents? Would his hand start to shake?
A drop of sweat peeked at the edge of Emily’s hair line. The five bars of light found it, weighted it, and pulled it down her temple. Charlie reached out and caught it with the tip of his finger. He brought it to his lips: salt and just her. Charlie blinked as the realization hit him. He sat up in bed.
Emily looked him over. The sweat from their love-making slicking him, detailing his sinews, the notch at the base of his throat. Her skin was liquid and she solitary within it. The white noise kept THEM! out and she knew nothing but him and her. She was in heat, a cat, a burning girl of fifteen. Languid, she drew a menthol line with her finger from her belly button to between her breasts. What was best was this wasn’t just sex. This was sex with Charlie. This was her alone in her head, next to the man she loved. Her breath caught for a second. That was the first time Emily had articulated it to herself. She sat up in bed.
“What is it?” Charlie asked.
“You first.”
“What do you mean?”
“You look like you’ve got something to say.”
He blushed. He did have something to say, but in his head it sounded so stupid. Didn’t matter. He couldn’t keep this behind his teeth. “This isn’t going to sound very romantic, but it’s big and important, okay?”
She touched his chest. “You’re shaking.”
He grabbed her hand, crushing her fingers a little. “Maybe I’m telekinetic.”
She kissed his cheek, slow and deliberate.
Charlie took a breath. “In six months,” he said, “we’ll still be together.”
She grinned. “Yeah, I know.”
“I’m going to ask you to be my wife in six months.”
Emily sat back and clocked her head against the wall.
“Ooh!” Charlie said.
Emily stared straight forward, counting the bars of light on the wall. She remembered the crazy girl in the patriotic mix-n-match bra n’ panties combo staring at herself in the mirror the first day in New York. The dark circles under those eyes, the ribs showing and shadowed, the clutching fingers and cocked head. She remembered that girl was going to chew a bullet a few days ago unless some miracle…
 “S’okay,” she said. “Didn’t really feel it.”
Oh shit, Charlie thought, I’ve fucked myself.
Emily turned her face toward him. “Six months,” she said and nodded slowly. “Yeah, that, ah, that’s about right. Like, we should take at least that much time to get to know each other a little better.” She paused. “Just to make sure.”
“Because you might find something out about me that you can’t stand. Like I fart too much or something.”
“Right,” she said. “Or you’ll realize I snore like a fucking grizzly bear.”
“Or cuss like a sailor?”
“Fuckin’ A.”
“I already know about both of those.”
She flicked his arm. “Yeah, well, you smack your lips in your sleep.”
Charlie searched her face, looking for the trip wires. None. She was with him. He grabbed her and held her, not sure if letting her go any time soon was in the program. The smell of her shampoo and sweet sex wafted into his head, made him drunk. “I’ve been looking for you my entire life,” he said.
Emily pressed her cheek into him. “You’re done.”
The were silent, holding one another. The light bars climbed and rusted.
The phone jangled.
Emily hummed against Charlie’s neck.
Charlie sighed.
Emily leaned and reached, reluctant to let go. Charlie laughed at her contortions and kissed a tendon in her neck. She recovered and pressed the cool plastic against her ear.
“Hello?”
“Miss Emily.”
She smiled. “Samuels. How are you?” She frowned. “Are you okay?”
“Oh, I’m fine. A little light-headed, but I suspect that’s from sitting on my well-flattened bottom for the past seventy-two hours. You?”
“Me?”
“How are you, young lady?”
“Oh,” she said. “I’m fine. I’m really great actually.”
“He propose?”
Emily turned wide eyes on Charlie. “How’d you know?”
“You’ve seen Star Wars, Miss Emily?”
“Yeah, but…”
“Like the ancient Jedi Master, Yoda, I too know everything.”
Emily laughed.
“Ah,” Samuels breathed. “Nothing better than the sound of a woman’s laugh when she’s happy and in love. Listen, new friend; I have a request.”
“Anything, new friend.”
“You remember young Michael McCafferty, the curious cabaret performer from the errant taxi cab? He’s awake.”
“I don’t understand.”
Samuels was quiet a moment. “He’s asking for you.”
Emily looked at Charlie. “Put your pants on.”
“My pants,” the phone chirped, “are already on.”

* * *

DETECTIVE BILKO STABBED a little plastic stylus into the face of her PDA. It beeped, mocking her. 
“I’m so fed up with this thing I can hardly stand it.” 
Michael whispered something.
“What was that, Mr. McCafferty?” Bilko asked. Cute kid. 
Michael swallowed and winced. The freshly removed respirator tube had poured a line of hot sand down his throat. “I thought,” he rasped, “cops used pen and paper.”
She smiled. “You makin’ fun of me, Michael?”
He nodded.
“That’s a good sign, I guess.”
Bilko’s PDA beeped again, this time with a friendly chime. She scowled down at it from the side of her eye. She scribbled a line with the stylus and her whole face lit up. “Ah,” she said, “now we can start.” Bilko looked at the old man sitting in the chair by the window. “Mr., uh?”
“Samuels,” said Samuels.
“Samuels, yes. Can you please excuse us?”
“No!” Michael blurted, grimacing with the effort. “Need him here.” He looked over at Samuels, pleading. 
“Don’t worry, kid.” Samuels said. “I’m too old and grumpy to be moved without handcuffs and a stun gun.”
Michael croaked, “Kinky.”
“What’s your relation to Mr. McCafferty, sir?”
“None. T’was my nature brought me into young Michael’s sphere.”
“Your nature?”
“Nosiness is my natural state. I got bored and stuck my snout in here to see what was worth seeing. Michael seemed lonely to me, so I sat with him a while. Wouldn’t let me leave when he woke up.”
“I’ll bet the hospital staff just loves you.”
“You’d have to ask them. We’re not on speaking terms at the moment.”
“Michael?” Bilko asked. “How do you know Mr. Samuels?”
“Dreamed him.”
“You had a dream about him?” Bilko’s stylus hovered over the screen. All that effort to get the damn thing fired up. “Do you mean that you remembered him in a dream?”
Michael threw a Buddhist smile. He knew how he sounded. “Never met. Dreamed him.” His eyes shifted over Bilko’s shoulder and moistened. “And her.”
Bilko looked over her shoulder at the white female who’d just appeared in the door: mid to late twenties, medium height, athletic build, fake blonde, green eyes, black cardigan over a light blue tank and jeans. The detective sighed. “C’mon in, dream girl.”
Emily blinked. “Sorry?”
“Me, too,” Bilko said. “I was all ready for this case to sew itself up now that Mr. McCafferty has decided to join us in wakey-wakey land, but oh, no, it just gets weirder and weirder.”
Charlie popped in a moment later. “I talked to the charge nurse. We’re cool to be here as long the Detective says it’s okay.”
Bilko’s PDA beeped and the screen went dark. She wondered what kind of helpful noise it might make if she pitched it against the wall as hard as she could. “Hell, let’s everybody come on in and interact with the only witness to a murder. No, no, it’ll be cool. Like a little party or something.”
Emily crossed the room and gave Samuels a gentle hug. “How you feeling?”
“Okay, he said. Nice to see you, miss Emily.” He looked over her shoulder at Charlie. “Young man?”
“Sir?”
“She’s happy.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good man.”
Bilko looked from Emily to Samuels to the new guy with the special forces hair-do but who would have to be the shortest SEAL ever minted by the Navy. “Michael,” she asked, “do we really need everyone of these people in here for me to question you?”
Michael was sorry for the Detective. She seemed like a nice enough lady even if she was here to determine if he had killed that cab driver. He nodded. They did all need to be there. The more the merrier far as he was concerned. Michael didn’t ever want to be alone again if he could help it. 
“Ooookay,” Bilko breathed. She put her PDA down and rubbed her eyes. “Sorry, y’all. I just haven’t had much sleep in the last couple of days.” Face still hidden behind her hands, she went on. “Any of you read about that crowd of people died on Wall Street the other day?”
Charlie and Emily hadn’t read anything but each other’s faces over the past few days and the most recent periodical upon which Samuels had been able to lay claim had sported a masthead from two weeks ago. The silence from the gallery brought Bilko out from behind her shield of fingers. Shame, too. It had been nice and dark in there, smelled like lotion.
“None of you heard about it? Seventeen people died.” Bilko got a room full of shaking heads and wide eyes. “Thought I was outta’ touch.” She went on to explain about the “freak gas leak” that poisoned a small crowd of people on Wall Street during the mid-day rush. “Technically it’s not even a homicide.”
“But you think it is, Detective?” Samuels asked.
“I don’t know what I think.”
Emily’s eyes crinkled. “Yes, you do.”
“You a mind reader?”
Charlie said, “I think she means it just sounds like you have a different opinion of what happened.” He shot a look at Emily.
Bilko sat back in her chair. “You know what? I just realized that with the exception of Messrs. McCafferty and Samuelson—”
“Samuels,” said Samuels.
“Samuels, I don’t know who either of you fine citizens are.”
Michael put a warm hand on Bilko’s arm. She raised her eyebrows at him.
“That’s Emily Burton,” he whispered. “And her boyfriend.” He swallowed. “I don’t know his name.”
“Dream didn’t go into that much detail, huh?”
“Sorry, Detective.”
Without looking away from Michael, Detective Bilko said, “Hey buzz cut, close the door, would you?”
Charlie closed the door. Buzz cut. That was funny coming from a woman named after a show that could only be viewed on cable TV well after the witching hour.
“Michael,” Bilko said. “You ever hear of the Phobia Killer?”
A rogue wave of fear greased through the room and pounded against Emily’s defenses. She shuddered, but held it off. A half-full water glass on the night table shook just beneath perception. Emily’s right hand twitched once and fell still.
“That’s my case,” Bilko said. “That person has taken a lot of people, Michael.”
Michael nodded.
“Those people I was talking about a minute ago—the ones on Wall Street—all had heart attacks.”
Michael nodded again. The room was anchored around Bilko’s round voice. “My department says it was a gas leak or something like that, an accident. I don’t think it was that. Local Homeland Security office was even brought in because some jackass started yelling about terrorists.”
Michael shook his head back and forth. The sound of his hair on the starched pillowcase was very loud. “Not terrorists,” he said.
“No,” Bilko agreed. “Not terrorists.”
“Or gas.”
“Or gas.”
“You didn’t kill that cab driver, did you Michael?”
Tears welled and ran down Michael’s face. “No.”
“No. I never really thought you did. Turns out the cabby was shot up with a load of medical-grade morphine. Pin hole in the jugular.” Bilko mused, “If you’ve got to go, that’s probably a pretty decent way.” She looked up at the rest of the room. “We went over Mr. McCafferty’s apartment and every scrap of cloth in it with a chemical swab. Michael hasn’t handled anything stronger than a couple of aspirin and his heart meds. At least, not for the past few months.” She looked back down at Michael. “But you know who has.”
“Yeah.”
“You got away from him didn’t you?”
Michael nodded, fresh tears spilled.
“Tell me what happened the night you came in with the cab driver,” Bilko said. She shoved her PDA into her bag and pulled out a worn spiral-bound note pad and a regular old Bic pen.
Michael reached for the glass of water. Charlie reflexively picked it up and helped him take a sip. He swallowed and grimaced. Michael McCafferty took a breath and closed his eyes. Martie Jenny was there waiting for him. He opened his eyes and she told them everything about that night, running into Doctor Fine, the warehouse, those mirror eyes swallowing her reflection, the lucky escape and the reeling drive in a dead man’s car.
After ten or fifteen minutes of halting story, Michael said, “That’s all of it, honey.”
“Mother fuck,” Bilko said. “Fine was in here the other day. I was standing right in front of that freaky bastard and I let him go.” She bounced her fist on her leg three times. “Damn. Damn. Damn.” 
She flipped open her cell phone and called in an all points.
“He was here?” Michael asked.
Bilko softened. “Yeah, sweetheart he was. He was standing over you when I walked in.”
“Jesus,” Charlie said.
“No kidding,” Emily said. “You can get him now, though, right?”
“Well, we’ve got the APB out on him.”
“But this is New York,” Samuels said.
“So?” Emily asked.
“So,” Charlie said, “it’s a hell of a lot easier for someone to hide in New York than in Janesville, Wisconsin.”
“Especially if that someone has money,” Samuels said, “as I’m sure this Doctor Fine must have.”
“Right now,” Bilko added, “we don’t even know if he knows we’re on to him. He might just hang out until the uniforms ring his doorbell. That’s what I’m hoping for anyway. Arrogant schmuck seemed like he was above everything but the sky. And, if he does wake up with enough humility to realize he might just get snared for this, his money might give him away.”
“How do you mean?” Emily asked.
“A man of lesser means,” Samuels volunteered, “would pay for things in cash. A man like Fine probably has a fair amount of worth, but most of it would be tied up in investments, property, that kind of thing. Most likely, his liquid reserves will be relatively slight.”
Emily nodded. “So when he tries to use his Platinum AmEx at the Holiday Inn or the airport, you’ll be able to pick him up?”
“If everything goes right,” Bilko said, “yes.”
No one said anything for what felt like a long time to Emily. Charlie leaned up against the door jamb, Samuels in his chair, Michael the bed, Bilko next to him. A few days ago Emily hadn’t known any of these people and now she was intimately tied to each one of them. Story of her life.
“I read about the Phobia Killer a couple of days ago,” Emily said. “In the Post? There was this horrible picture.”
“That hooker,” Bilko said, “and the spiders, right?”
“I saw that article,” Charlie said. “He scared her to death by tying her up and covering her with the spiders.” He shuddered.
“Heart attack,” Bilko said. Turns out she had a pre-existing condition, a little like Michael here.”
Samuels cleared his throat. “A week before that it was that poor slob they found hanging upside-down from the balcony of his hotel room.”
“Afraid of heights?” Charlie asked.
“That’s what we guess,” Bilko said. “He didn’t have a congenital heart defect, but he was enormously fat and had a high stress job—Commodities broker. Fine could have killed him the same way by forcing him to run a mile on a treadmill.”
“But he didn’t,” Emily said.
“No, he wanted to make sure fatso was nice and scared.”
Charlie shook his head back and forth. “Man, like death isn’t scary enough. Can you imagine how bad it would be to die of fear—to have a feeling kill you?”
Emily crossed her arms and looked at the floor.
Charlie noticed and his head flushed like a beacon. Bilko caught the sudden radioactive glare off his scalp and made a mental note: Not only were Charlie and Emily screwing, but they were most likely in love. Wasn’t that just the sweetest damn thing ever? Aww.
“How many has he killed since you identified the pattern, detective?” Samuels asked.
Bilko counted off on her fingers. “Going backward chronologically we’ve got spider girl, fatso, a wet teenager and rOdint boy.”
“The respect you show for the victims is truly inspiring, detective.”
“Who’s the wet teenager?” Emily said.
“Fifteen year old girl we found in the river a while back. Looked like a drowning at first, but the M.E. didn’t find much water in the lungs, so she died before she hit the drink.”
“Much water?” Charlie said.
“Yeah, there was some in her lungs, like a cup or two, but not enough to do more than make her choke. She had congenital arrhythmia. That’s what killed her.”
“Enough water,” Emily said, “to scare her if she was afraid of the water, but not enough to drown her out right.”
 Bilko nodded.
“The other one?” Michael whispered.
“ROdint boy.” 
“Lovely,” Samuels said.
Bilko ignored him. “Ten year old kid had rat bites all and up down his arms and the inside of his thighs. He might have died of rabies if his heart hadn’t given out first.” Bilko shook her head. “We thought it might be a doctor. We even had the hospital under surveillance because all the vics were patients at the same place, but we were looking at the wrong kind of physician.”
“You were looking for a heart doc,” Michael said.
“Yeah, and we should have been looking for a shrink.”
“But he’s a psychiatrist,” Samuels said. “How would Fine have access to private medical records for people who aren’t his patients? And how did he know Michael?”
“I actually saw him as a patient for a little while. Anxiety was messing with my—,” he tapped his chest. “His office was right across from my cardiologist’s office. That’s how I found him in the first place.”
“I don’t know exactly how he did it,” Charlie said. “But it wouldn’t be too hard to call the insurance companies, or even central records at the hospital, and claim that he was that particular patient’s doctor. Once you know how a system works it’s not hard to hack it. Get a few numbers off a medical secretary’s computer and you can call in scripts for Oxycontin for half the city before anyone gets wise.”
“It’s a good thing—.” Bilko’s phone interrupted her with a buzz. She flipped it open. “Bilko, go. Yeah, good. Be careful.” She closed the phone and looked down at Michael. “They just picked him up.” She shook her head back and forth, a little smile on her lips. “Fine was just sitting in his apartment, watching TV.”
“Hubris,” Samuels said. “Amazing.”
“Not for a sociopath,” Charlie said.
“Oh, yeah?” Bilko raised an eyebrow.
“Yeah, when you’ve worked as many shifts on the psych ward as I have you learn a thing or two. Pure sociopaths are rare but interesting cats. One of the things that allows them to do the things they do also tends to be the one thing that gets them caught.”
“Hubris?” Emily said.
“Sort of, but it goes way deeper than that. Apparently, a lot of these people don’t really understand that other people, or even the world, exist outside of them. They think they’re the only real people. Imagine what you might do with your life if you believed on some deep, unconscious level that you were the only real person, like you were really just walking around on like a holodeck from Star Trek.”
“I don’t think I’d kill anyone,” Emily said.
Charlie smiled. “No, of course not. Neither would I or Mr. Samuels or Michael or the Detective.”
“Oh, I might whack a few moles.” Bilko said.
“But the reason we wouldn’t spend all that time killing people, even if we didn’t believe they were real, is because we don’t also have some kind of serious rage or psycho-sexual dysfunction. You mix in that kind of stuff along with the pure sociopathology and you get someone who goes around killing for the hell of it.”
“Okay,” Bilko said. “That’s about as close to anything I’ve ever read or heard from a police shrink, or even out of Behavioral Sciences at Quantico. But now tell me why they do it in such particular ways. Where do the M.O.s come from? Why not just shoot people if your goal is to kill. That’d be easier.”
“Sure, but it wouldn’t get them off. Just walking around inside a holodeck zapping people with a phaser would get old. But what if you’ve got some weird fixation with fear? What if you could kill someone by scaring the shit out of them? That would take some planning. That would take some serious time and effort.”
“You think he planned out what he did with me,” Michael said, voice even quieter than before.
Charlie thought for a moment. “I dunno’, man. Maybe, but from what you said it sounded like he just got lucky and recognized you on a street corner. He knew you were going to a heart specialist, right? Had an office right across the hall from your doctor?”
“Yeah.”
“Yeah, so he probably wouldn’t have picked you as a planned target. Too close to home.”
“So why then?” Bilko asked.
“I guess that he just couldn’t pass up the opportunity. Let’s not forget if Michael hadn’t gotten away from him, Fine would still be at it. You were still looking at cardiac physicians, right Detective?”
Bilko nodded.
“God, it’s all so precarious,” Emily said.
“What?” Samuels asked.
“Life.”
Bilko said, “Well, that’s an interesting theory and it’ll give me some discussion questions to go over with the good doctor Fine, but I have one more question, Scooby Gang.” Everyone looked at her. “How do you all know each other?”
“Well, Mr. Samuels is the doorman from my hotel.” Emily started, “I rode in the ambulance with him to this hospital when he had his heart attack, and I met Charlie in the lobby.”
Charlie picked it up. “While we were standing there, Michael drove the cab up and just barely made it through the front doors.”
Bilko smiled. That explained Michael’s “dream” about the two young lovers; he obviously incorporated a memory of them from the lobby as he was losing consciousness.
“Michael, how did you say you knew Mr. Samuelson?”
Samuels kept quiet. She was just messing with him now and he wasn’t about to rise to the bait. He shook his head and smirked.
“I dreamed about him,” Michael said. His eyebrows furrowed. “It wasn’t a good dream. There was a…” Michael’s brow furrowed. “A—a shadow man.”
Emily glanced up.
Bilko stared at her pad for a moment, then flipped it closed. She couldn’t write that shit down. Poor kid had probably included some of the outside world into his coma as he was coming out of it; saw the old guy standing over him or something and incorporated that into his dream.
Her phone chirped. Bilko flipped it open against her head. “Bilko, go.”
Emily sensed it before Bilko’s muscles pushed her up out of her chair—an aura of needles around the cop. Bilko stood next to the bed, the chair knocked out from underneath her, the phone plastered to her ear. The room was quiet except for the tiny voice scratching unintelligible from the phone. After a moment she hung up. The phone hung open in her hand at her side.
“Crap,” she said.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 16

DRUM SAT ON the couch, the one he’d bought from Pottery Barn after a patient raved about the buttery-soft cow hide. And it was soft, it was. Felt like lounging on a giant tit swathed in scar tissue. The shades were drawn and the TV sprayed light around the room in sheets of flickering blue, but no sound. When television characters spoke it made Drum think of corpses he had known, blurring air past their teeth in a last moan. Empty imitations of life. Everything was, really. You learned that in med school. Everything we were just lead up to the same natural conclusion. Time was the only separation and according to the physics geeks time wasn’t even real. Drum was different though, electrified with life and something else. The TV flickered. So did his eyes.
He felt the officers on the other side of the door before they even rapped against the steel. He could always tell a cop. That bath of old insecurity and anger, depression so ingrained it was like sawdust caught under varnish. Drum loved cops.
Rap, rap, rap. Very authoritative. Drum nodded and snickered. “Coming!”
He placed his hand on the door and stopped. The moment he turned the deadbolt everything would change. No more hiding. No more pretending to be just one of them. He craned his neck around the foyer: mahogany wall table crowned with an empty Waterford vase, etching of a 19th Century operating theatre, the healer in the center up to his elbows in some faceless cadaver. Pewter frame. He liked that frame. His fingers on the brass doorknob were warm, the blood within them an intent. He twisted.
“Doctor Drummond Fine?” Big kid, beefy, twenties, already regretting his decision to join up. Under the cap his hair would be jar-head short. Partner stood next to and behind a step: woman, thirties, tired through the marrow. She was addicted to something. Radio hand-sets sprouted from their shoulders, turned low, crackling. The woman made eye contact with Drum and was smart enough to come full awake.
“We have a warrant for your arrest, sir,” she said.
Drum looked at them each in turn. “Of course,” he said. “I’m ready.”
Handcuffs gleamed in the kid’s hand. “Turn around, please, sir.”
“You don’t need to try so hard, son,” Drum said.
“Just turn around.”
“Certainly.” Drum showed them his back. He got a look at the handmade saltillo tile leading into his apartment, the charcoal grout between each red stone. He’d always liked the way they felt on his bare feet. Easy to clean, too. Metal ratcheted behind him. The cuffs were warm on his wrists where the young cop had gripped them. He hadn’t made them too tight, but Drum could feel his desire to do so. It was a good bet that if this officer had the chance his next arrest would be peppered with a little brutality. A face smashed down on the hood of a car perhaps, the cuffs cinched tight enough to turn fingers blue. A billyclub into a kidney or shin bone.
“Turn back around, please.”
Drum walked in front and lead them to the elevator past the door numbers of neighbors he’d spoken less than three words to in as many years. New York. He heard the female cop close his apartment door. “Thank you,” he said.
She didn’t answer.
Drum reached the elevator doors and watched a beefy, freckled arm reach past and mash the down button. They all waited. Drum whistled and rocked back and forth in his loafers. The kid’s anger was crystallizing around a nugget of frustration. Why hadn’t the suspect asked them any questions or protested? It was freaky, him just going along like this. Everyone had something to say. 
Ding.
The building was old, the elevator walls pressed against shoulders, arms, clunked against sidearms. None of them touched one another. Drum still whistled. No specific song, just the sound of air over teeth and through a focused mouth. Flat notes. Drum imagined he could hear their hearts beating.
Ding.
The door slid open. Mrs. Menendez stood holding an empty canvas shopping bag, her hair a salt and pepper bun, the odd wisp at her temple. At the sight of Drum with the Policia she pulled the bag to her flattened breasts. Her fingers constricted around the handles. “Doctor Fine,” she said, eyes growing, catching on badges and guns.
“Parking tickets,” Drum said.
The woman cop punched the door closed button. “Sorry, ma’am.”
The doors started to slide together. Mrs. Menendez called, “When joo get a car?”
The side of armed beef shook his head. Could the general public get any stupider? Where would these people be without the police they hated so much? A lot of them would be dead, anyway, like this asshole’s victims. The kid glanced sideways at the suspect. Skinny, half-blind freak. The Phobia Killer. How could a jerk like this scare anyone to death? They all grew heavy for an instant as the elevator came to a stop.
Ding.
Drum led the cops through the lobby. An African American man watched them from behind the front desk, his bald head throwing reflections over the rim of his newspaper. Drum stopped at the lobby doors.
“Keep moving, sir.” The kid said.
“Halston?”
The newspaper dropped. “Doctor Fine?”
The kid put a hand on the butt of his pistol. “I said to keep moving.”
“Please stop my mail.” Drum turned around and faced the officers. “And call the police.”
The woman cop smelled something coming. She unsnapped her holster and hauled out a Glock bigger than both of her hands put together. “Turn around, sir.”
“You’ll do that for me, won’t you, Halston?”
“She said turn around, shit-head!” The kid yanked his gun and fell into a stance. Fear and pride pulsed off him like radio waves. They splashed up against Drum and he smiled, eyes half-lidded.
At the sight of the drawn weapons, Halston withered behind the desk. “I’ll do that, Dr. Fine. Stop your mail. Sure,” he called.
“And call the police.”
Halston frowned. “But they’re here, sir.”
Drum shook his head. “You’ll need to call more.” 
He closed his eyes and thought about blood and pumping and stopping that, about squeezing. In the darkness, he heard their gasps and grunts, the clatter of guns dropped on marble. He opened his eyes, burning blank coins. Both officers clutched their chests, eyes as big as saucers, shot with capillaries that were already deflating. Terror, the silent death pathos, the realization of what came next smashed into Drum as each of them folded into blue puddles.
The big cop was dead before the flesh of his face even spread on the cold floor. His nose crunched. Drum looked at the woman. She was close, just slipping beyond the point of no return; blacking out and no longer afraid, but worried. Drum wondered what a person at the edge of her life could possibly have to worry about. They were usually wrapped in a writhing blanket of fear. Common worry was a new one on him. Then the answer came in a wave of remorse—a taste of motherhood. Who would take care of her little ones, now?
Drum stopped squeezing. His left hand jittered at his side.
The officer’s eyelids fluttered above crescents of moist white. She let out a long breath, unconsciousness pulling her under. Drum stood over her, leaned down and picked up her gun. He hefted it, turned it this way and that, admired the almost deco quality, the smart machine design. But this was a blunt instrument compared with what he could do. He noticed what had to be the safety switch, a little button with a red strip on the side. He pressed it back in and felt the trigger lock up under his finger. He stuffed the pistol in his belt, snickering at himself. Look Ma, I’m a cowboy.
“Halston,” he said.
“Sir?” came from behind the desk.
“Please help me carry this officer to her vehicle.”
Halston didn’t answer.
Drum sighed, his shoulders slumped. “Halston, come out here and help me or I’ll kill you like I killed this policeman. Do it quickly.”
Five minutes later, Halston was backing away from the patrol car parked in front of the building. He could just see that poor police-lady spread out in the back seat. Her police hat had fallen off. She had long red hair in a pony tail. She looked like a girl napping on the way home from a long day on the road with her folks. Doctor Fine sat in the driver’s seat, but he didn’t look like her daddy.
“Halston?”
“Yes, Doctor Fine.”
“When you call the police, tell them you want to speak with Detective Bilko.”
“Yessir.” Halston frowned. “Like that old show?”
Drum smiled. “That’s right. You tell her what I’ve done and that I’ll be in contact soon.”
“I will.”
“Thank you, Halston.”

* * *

NEW JERSEY, JUST over the river was not the most horrible place in the world. The empty warehouse was not the most vermin-infested hole. Drummond Fine was not the most insane man. But all three could have placed damn close in the finals.
Sharon Dimke swam back into consciousness not wondering where her two young children were, not wondering about her punk-kid of a partner or about why she was coming back to consciousness in the first place. Her primary concern had to do with her other child. The one she didn’t actually love, but who held the most sway. Before she even opened her eyes, Officer Dimke felt the absence in her hip pocket. “Pills,” she muttered.
A male voice echoed in the big, empty space. “Oh,” it said. “You mean these?” Sound of a plastic maraca.
Sharon opened her eyes then. Brown and watery, they snap-locked on the amber plastic bottle. There were Oxycontin tablets rattling around in that bottle. Five. Perfect. Beautiful. Pills. The teeth of her other baby.
“How’d you get hooked, officer?”
The pills were talking to her? Wouldn’t be the first time. The outlines of the bottle sharpened. Her heart sped up a bit and she winced. Her chest hurt, like it was bruised from the inside out. What had it said? Something about cooked? No, it wasn’t the bottle. She saw the fingers now, long and white, clutching her child by the neck. That’s who was talking, the person at the end of those fingers was asking her something. 
“What?” she said. “What?”
Drum leaned back on the crate he was sitting on and giggled. “How’d you get hooked,” he flipped open her wallet and squinted in the gloom at her ID, “Sharon?”
If she had been one of those bug-eyed lizards on the Discovery Channel that change color, Sharon would have left one eye on the bottle while tracking the other along the arm that held it to the source of the voice. Thick rimless glasses and eyes, gray and glowing like uranium, floated in the dark. Now, she remembered. Oh, shit.
Drum felt her realization and the fear that came with it. He could use that, but the officer had deeper concerns to exploit. He stuck out his lower lip and considered the label on the bottle. “Oxycontin a nice high, Sharon? I hear it is.”
A moan rose from the deepest parts of her gut but she bit it off. 
Three years ago, before Bruce left and took the kids with him, she had been studying for the sergeant’s exam and it had been easy going. She was poised to be one of the youngest female sergeants in NYPD history. From there it would be straight on to detective. Sharon Dimke had been a natural at thinking around corners and when it came to taking down the bad guys she’d proven an absolute badass. Everyone said so, even the lieutenant that one time. Not big, like a lot of the other women cops she knew. Trucks with tits some of them. Sharon was more like a bullet. Little and quick and precise. She didn’t have a lot of weight in her five foot four frame, but she only had to hit you once to get you to see things her way. She knew how to do nasty things with kneecaps and thumbs.
“Sharon,” Drum said. “We have a great deal of time to kill, I’m afraid. I think we should get to know each other better in the interim. Now, I’ve always thought the best way to do that was to dispense with small talk. I hate that kind of mindless banter. In my experience, the best way to do that is go into the parts of one’s life that have the greatest weight.”
Her eyes drifted back to the bottle. It seemed to have a weak glow, like a dying firefly was trapped inside.
“I could start with myself,” Drum continued. “But I really think that the most important thing about me will come as something of a surprise to you. Surprises are always best kept for last, don’t you think?”
Sharon tried to sit up. Her left hand was manacled to a rusted pipe with her own cuffs. She slid the cuff up the pipe a bit and was able to sit back against the wall. She sighed. Her chest hurt a little less now, but it still felt like a firecracker had gone off in her ribcage. This was the part where the police shrink they made her go see would tell her that she should just let go. There was nothing she could do. Her weapons and belt were coiled like a cybernetic snake next to the crate this asshole was sitting on, just out of her reach. The air reeked of mold and foul water, rats and dust. Even the urine stench was old. Bums didn’t even come here anymore, wherever the hell here was. There was only enough light filtering through the grime on the windows to tell her that night was on its way.
Drum felt her give in, saw it echoed in her face. “Now,” he said, “tell me how you got hooked.”
She tipped her chin at the bottle. “Can I have one of those first?”
Drum glanced at the bottle as if it had just materialized in his hand. “What? One of these?” He rattled it.
Bastard, he was going to use them to torture her. Bastard, bastard, bastard. She’d had her gun out. Her finger had been on the trigger. Slow. Slow and foggy.
“You shouldn’t blame yourself. You’d never have gotten the shot off.”
She lifted an eyebrow.
Drum mirrored her. The little bitch still had some spirit. He rested his open hand on his inner thigh. “What if I said you could have a pill if you performed fellatio on me first?”
Sharon already knew the answer: not yet. Give it another hour, though, when the sweats started in and she’d blow a dead horse. She stared at him.
“Don’t worry. I’m not interested in that sort of intimacy.” Drum reached around and put the pill bottle on the floor behind the crate. The click the bottle made as it touched the concrete was as loud as a gunshot. “You just go ahead and tell me your story. We’ll talk about medicating your condition if you do a good job.”
That skinny little bitch with the expensive manicure and brassy dye job that insisted Sharon call her Doctor Sally during their sessions whispered in her mind, Let go. Let go and let God. If she were here now and Sharon had her gun… She might still put a slug in Fine before Dr. Sally. Might.
“You’re throwing a lot of anger, Sharon.”
Her eyelids slid to half-mast. “Yeah?”
“Is that the reason for the pills?”
“Why you so interested?”
Drum sat back on the crate and shadows ate his head. “You’re afraid enough that I shouldn’t have to answer that, Sharon.”
Smug prick. How the fuck did he know how she felt? Well, that was his job right? She knew who Dr. Drummond Fine was. Anyone who’d browsed the self-help section knew who he was. Besides, it wouldn’t take a mind reader to know that she would be freaking out in a position like this.
“Can I have a cigarette, then?” she said. “They’re in my—.”
“Shirt pocket, I know. And no, you may not. Disgusting habit. Stinks.”
If she got out of this before the other guys got here, the second thing she would do would be light up a smoke, take a nice deep drag and then put it out in his shiny left eye. She sighed. Just let go. Aw, hell.
Sharon thought for a second. “What’s the worst thing you ever saw?”
Drum, in shadow, was headless and silent.
“I see terrible stuff all the time on the job. Some of the shit I see you wouldn’t believe.”
“Enlighten me.”
“You know what happens to a human body after it’s been in the water for a while?”
“I suspect the bacterial respiration has a rather impressive effect.”
“Bacterial respiration?” Good lord, but this one liked the sound of his own voice. “If you mean a floater swells up to about twice his normal size after a while, then yeah.
There was this one time when I still working the Bowery, we yanked a floater out by the head. Or we tried to. Body got all caught up in like a snarl of cable or somethin’ under one of the old docks. The ME’s guys couldn’t get the hook around a limb or anything, so they threw a loop around the head and attached the other end to a winch.”
Drum chuckled.
“Head popped right off. Tore off like with the same noise a wet paper-bag makes. But that wasn’t the worst part. That was what came with it. The fucking thing whooshed like we’d uncorked one of those In-A-Minute air-mattresses. I was standing fifteen feet away and when the smell hit I actually fainted.” She glanced down and swallowed. “Woke up in a puddle of my own puke.” She looked back up. “I still catch hell from the other guys because of that, and that was four fucking years ago.”
Ah, the cussing was starting. She always cussed like a sailor when she started to hurt real bad. Or like one of them Tourette’s people she saw on Springer that one time.
“That was the worst thing?” Drum asked.
Sharon peered into the dark, found his eyes. A drop of sweat laden with hairspray slid into her eye and burned, but she didn’t blink. “Not. Fucking. Hardly.”
“Well, then?”
“I seen way worse than that. I just wanted to establish—what is it?”
“A baseline.”
“Yeah, that’s it. A baseline. I seen way worse than that floater. I seen babies all swollen up and dirty like they were wet balloons that someone dragged through the gutter. I seen parents fucking their own children, pimping their own children. I seen animals…” She trailed off.
Drum inhaled deep and long through wide nostrils. There it was.
“Animals, Sharon?”
“You’re a fucking bastard. You know that?”
“I know this.” Drum reached around and brought the bottle back into the light. He popped the top and shook a single pill into his hand. Sharon groaned. It just slipped out before she could choke it off. Drum grinned. He capped the bottle and put it back around behind the crate. The solitary pill floated on his palm. “You a Catholic, Sharon?”
“Yeah,” she whispered. 
“This is my body.” 
Drum tossed the pill over his shoulder like a spent peanut shell. Sharon heard it tick off the cement floor deep into the gloom and a little shriek ran out of her mouth.
“And then there were four, Sharon.”
“Ani-animals,” she said. “Animals! I seen people do bad things with animals!”
“Bestiality? Zoophilia?”
“No, no. I mean I seen that, but that’s just kinda’ gross and, and kinda’ funny.”
Drum held her with his silence for a long time.
The lower lid of her right eye filled and gleamed, spilled down her cheek. A quiet sob hitched her shoulders, once, twice. She sniffled and a calm descended on her, the calm that comes with surrender. 
“Little boy,” she began. “About, ah, ten? He was this little Asian boy. Ten. Ten years old. His father showed us this video he’d taken during a spelling bee. Emancipation. This little boy on a stage. Emancipation. And he’s all happy before he even gets around to spelling it out, ‘cause you know, you can tell he already knew that one by heart. He’s smiling all huge an’ all and practically shouting the letters. E-M-A-N…” she chuckled. Another tear slid down her face. She wiped it with her free hand, leaving a gray smear.
“Turns out daddy wasn’t quite legit. Fucking runner for the Tong, if you can believe that shit. The motherfucking Tong in New York. We’re like the United fucking Nations of crime. Anyway, daddy-san fucked the wrong group of guys and they snatched his son. He gets so shit-scared he actually calls the cops. Shows us this video. Emancipation.” She shook her head and choked on another sob. “I got two kids. I had two kids before that fucker of an ex-husband took ‘em. I got visitation rights, but he has to be there and so does she. Mousy little, tight jeans wearing bitch.”
“Animals, Sharon?”
“Fuck you!” She strained up but the cuffs jerked her back. “I was getting to that.” She sat back and calmed once more. “I was getting to that.” She blew out a long breath. “I can’t have a smoke? Not even a smoke?”
“No.”
“You. Suck.”
Drum started to reach around behind the crate.
“Okay, okay. Relax with the pills, all right? So the men who take this sweet little boy finally call. They set up a basic ransom switch, but everyone knows it’s bullshit. These guys drive brand new Escalades and the Daddy was driving a fucking Schwinn. So we all know it’s some kind of shake down, but we go to the spot they say to go to. They didn’t even say to come alone or nothing. They just wanted Daddy to have some hope, like if he brings the money, they’ll hand over his little spelling champion.” She barked a laugh.
“We get there, this shitty motel room, and there’s nothing in the front room, but we can hear someone in the bathroom.” 
Her eyes went elsewhere, far.
“I was the first in. I got kids, too, you know? I could hear… I was the first in.”
“What did you see, officer?”
“He was, uh, in the bathtub. Tied up with tape. It was blue tape. I remember that. Blue tape. They had put him in the bathtub and he was, uh, he was still alive.” Her voice dwindled to a sibilant scrape. “His stomach was big. There were stitches. Big black. Like Frankenstein. There were stitches on his stomach. And it was, ah, his stomach was um sticking out and, ah…moving.”
Sharon was quiet for a long time. Finally, she spoke, her voice a dead thing.
“It was a rabbit. They cut open his stomach and sewed a live rabbit up in him. It tore him apart from the inside trying to get out. Trying to emancipate itself. He died right in front of me.
“When we walked out, those Tong pieces of shit were waiting. They laid down a hell of a lot of gunfire. Automatics like I never seen before. Military-type hardware. We had Glocks. I took one in the hip, another in the collar bone and my left shin got shattered. It took a long time to learn how to walk right again and it still hurts.” She finished. She looked at him.
“No pension?” Drum said. “No workman’s compensation or whatever they call it for the police?”
“They offered early retirement with full bennies, yeah. I told them to eat shit. I told them that they had to take me back if I could pass the physical. I did.”
Drum started to feel an emotion sluice over him like none he had ever felt. He couldn’t name it, couldn’t pin it with an abstract or comparison. It made him want to physically stand up. He was just able to keep his control and his seat. It passed a moment later.
“Why didn’t you take the early retirement?”
Office Sharon Dimke burned in the dark.
“Because you got away.”


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 17

CHARLIE STARED AT the words on Mrs. Telemaque’s chart—squirmy little bugs—and processed not a single letter. There was something on here about gastrointestinal something or other. She needed some kind of pre-operative cleansing? 
Emily had great legs.
Mrs. Telemaque was due for a blah, blah, blah and her electrolytes had to be at a certain whatever.
Emily had the roundest shoulders, like an Italian model.
Mrs. Telemaque’s white count couldn’t rise above the thing with the other thing.
Emily’s eyes had these crazy amber rings that floated inside the predominant green fields of her irises.
Mrs. Telemaque had been checked into the hospital twice in the last year.
Emily had this sideways smile that had the ability blank Charlie’s mind, focus him on her mouth, her lips. When she slept she sighed every now as if she were remembering some far away vacation. When she laughed, endorphins exploded in his head. In the few days he had known her, Charlie’s brain had rewired to prioritize her happiness over just about everything other than breathing and sex. And the cool part was that the latter of the two involved the hottest woman he had ever known. And, and, and…she appeared to be a Jedi.
“What are you smiling about, young man?”
The creamy, clipped accent grabbed Charlie by the ear lobe and yanked him up. Mrs. Telemaque was from Trinidad and Tobago; TNT, as she liked to call it. She was sixty-one, had been in this damned hospital twice too many times already for her damned gastroenteritis and wasn’t about to put up with some white boy laughing at the symptoms written on her chart. “I asked you why you’re smiling? Something funny ‘bout an old lady being laid up in hospital?”
“Huh?” Charlie focused in on the woman sitting up in bed. She had fox eyes and her hair floated in an electrified white halo. “I’m sorry ma’am?” She had deep smile lines but was frowning at him. He straightened.
“I said, what you laughing about?”
“Laughing?”
“Oh, great.” She threw up her hands. “I’ve got a hearing impaired nurse.” She pantomimed a flutter of hand signs and distorted her mouth. “Whaaat do yooOOOuuu think is soooo FUNeee?”
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Telemaque.” Charlie shook his head and blushed. “I’m very distracted today.”
“No kidding.” Mrs. Telemaque crossed her wide arms over the pathetic excuse for a napkin they made her wear and tried to stay angry. Truth was she couldn’t help but be charmed by a young man in love. It was all over him. 
“So,” she said. “What’s she like?”
“I’m sorry?”
“This girl you so distracted over. What’s she like?”
He looked at her, those bright eyes, and laughed. “You don’t miss much.”
“I’m bored,” she said. “The TV in here don’t get cable and I can’t get my stories. You’re the best entertainment I’ve had all day. So, what she’s like?”
Emily’s sideways smile materialized in his mind’s eye. Charlie grinned and was about to tell Mrs. Telemaque when his pocket vibrated. “Oh shoot, excuse me a sec’.” He pulled out the cell.
“Hey, wait a minute!”
“Yes?”
“You can’t go having one of those celly phones in hospital.” She waved her hands around as if shooing flies. “The waves can mess up the machines and things.” An’ tings.
“No worries, ma’am. That’s just in the ICU. We’re okay here.” Charlie flipped open the phone. “Hello?”
Mrs. Telemaque grumbled, “Not sick enough to matter about the celly phones.”
“Harlan?” Charlie put his free hand against his open ear. “Hey, man, what’s doin’? I’m at work so..” 
Mrs. Telemaque watched the white boy’s face change. The ghost of his thoughts on that pretty girl of his browned like butter in a hot pan. She paid close attention to his side of the conversation.
“What’s all that mean, man? Yeah. But what if the other one—.” He nodded. “Okay, okay.” Charlie checked his watch. “Can we meet at your place? No, I’m working Sinai tonight; shift’s over in another ninety minutes. Okay, yeah. See you.” Charlie flipped the phone closed and stared at the floor, brow creased.
“Everything okay with your lady?”
“What? Oh, no—yeah. Everything’s fine, I think.” Charlie picked up Mrs. Telemaque’s chart. There it was, she was due in for a colonoscopy and needed an enema. Wonderful.

* * *

ONE HUNDRED MINUTES later Charlie stood outside a weathered brownstone and punched Harlan’s apartment number into a keypad by the door. He stood back and gazed on the rounded stone blocks that made up the place, great pieces of melted baker’s chocolate, almost purple in the street light smear of electric twilight. If everyone on earth disappeared tomorrow and the elements were left to chew on the city, what would the brownstones look like in ten thousand years? A cab honked in the street behind him. A woman on a bicycle whizzed by, the gears and chains sounding like a cicada’s call. Probably they would still look like brownstones.
The speaker above the keypad threw a mangled voice, “Yes?” It sounded like a 1970’s Japanese robot monster.
Charlie stepped up and hit the talk button. “Harlan.”
“Charles?”
“In charge, man. Lemme’ up.”
The keypad buzzed and Charlie stepped into a cool foyer scaled in black and white tile. A flight of hardwood stairs glowed caramel in the light of a dusty chandelier. A blend of cooking smells painted the walls. Harlan stuck his head into the dim hallway at the top of the steps, his glasses flashed, obscuring his eyes. 
“Mr. Bayo,” he nodded, dry as old paper. “I got some serious weirdness to lay on you.”
Charlie trotted up the stairs and into Harlan’s two room—not counting the bathroom—apartment. When the brownstone had sufficed as living space for a single family Harlan’s apartment had been the master bedroom and accompanying parlor. Since then, the old house had been cut into eight separate flats. Harlan’s was decent-sized in Manhattan terms. The front room served as the kitchen nook, foyer, and study. The back room was divided up into a living area with small couch and reading chair and a twin bed half hidden behind an ornate Egyptian screen, the hand-carved woodwork intricate enough to have blinded the artisan. Books were the dominant decorative touch; rows and stacks in perfect right angles to their respective case or the surface upon which they rested. A small black and white television sulked, unused and cold, behind a couple of piles of paperback mystery novels.
Charlie hadn’t bothered to change out of his blue scrubs. He collapsed on the couch and rubbed his face with his hands while Harlan clinked around in the fridge. Charlie opened his eyes and looked around at all the books. After a moment his brow furrowed.
“How do you have all these arranged?”
“What?” Harlan asked the inside of the refrigerator. He pulled out a bottle of milk, checked the sell-by date, grimaced, and put it back a little further in than where he found it. 
“Your books—nothing’s by author.” Charlie leaned over and squinted at a bookshelf made out of scrap wood. “Or even genre.”
Harlan sauntered over and handed Charlie a bottle of Rolling Rock. He as much fell back into a sprung leather chair as sat. The chair screeched a short protest. He held up his bottle. “To your new lady.”
Charlie grinned, “Good one,” and took a pull on his beer. Thin and cold, yeasty. The ol’ Double R was always a good bet if you were going cheap. He swallowed and said, “Hey, should you even be drinking one of these?”
Harlan considered the bottle. His expression was hard to read behind the brick-thick lenses, but he’d probably be pretty hard to read with contacts too. Some people just held their stuff close. “I dunno’,” he said. “I mean if you’re alluding to the whole drug addicts should stay away from alcohol thing, then yes,” he nodded, “I probably shouldn’t be drinking a beer.”
“But?”
“But, when you compare getting drunk with getting high on pharmaceutical-grade morphine, alcohol’s not even in the same league. It’s not even a sensation.”
Charlie looked hard at his friend for a moment and said, “You safe?” 
Harlan sighed. “Charlie, I’m exhausted. I want a fix almost all the time, but I’m also aware that I’m never going to get to have another pop again. It kind of feels like accepting that someone I loved has passed away. It’s always going to be hard, but it’s always going to be. There’s no going back.” He looked at his beer bottle. “Am I safe? Yes. I’m too damn miserable not to be clear about this.”
“Good ‘nuff, I guess,” Charlie said. He took another swig and clunked the bottle down on a coffee table scared with cigarette burns. “So, that’s the deal with the books?”
“Ah,” Harlan said. “My little system.”
“You mean random?”
“Fuck you. No. I mean my little system. Everything’s by copyright date.”
Charlie looked around the room and shuddered. There had to be close to a thousand books and that was just within sight. He could imagine looming stacks in the closets, under the bed, the shower maybe. “Why, dude?”
“To get a taste of the collective unconscious for a particular time period. I figure there’s no better way to get what the world was into in any given year than to see what they were writing and reading.”
Charlie stuck out his lower lip. “Okay, I can kind of dig that. But you don’t have that many books. How far back do you go?”
“Oh, I didn’t start with like 1904 and then collect a certain number of books for that year and then move up to 1905. I’ve got random samples from random years, pretty much like most people’s libraries.”
Most people’s libraries. 
Other than his texts from Nursing School, Charlie had all of Stephen King’s Dark Tower novels except for the first one and some old issues of Penthouse he’d stolen from one of his mom’s boyfriends when he was kid and never got rid of. There might be a little book on how to make martinis hiding behind some glasses in a kitchen cabinet. He hadn’t seen that one in a while. “Sure.”
Harlan took a sip of beer and belched. “Shall we dispense with the small talk and get to the freakier-than-hell bits concerning Emily’s MRI?”
 “Yeah, you said you had something to show me on the phone?”
“Check this out.” Harlan pulled out a large manila envelope from under the coffee table and slapped it down. “This was from a scan I took the same afternoon I did Emily’s: blow-ups of the cranial portion of a full body scan.” 
Charlie slid a couple of glossy prints from of the envelope. They were top and side views of a person from the neck up…if that person happened to be missing their skin, muscle and bone. The head was blurred out by an aura like the one that had occurred on Emily’s scan except instead of a white blur this was black. Charlie turned the picture this way and that. Not even black, really. It was more an absence of anything, a negative aura. He dropped the pictures on the coffee table.
“So something was wrong with the machine after all.”
“No, dude. Nothing’s wrong with Lucille.”
“You named a multi-million dollar Magnetic Resonance Imaging machine after a woman?”
“No, I named it after BB King’s guitar, but that’s not the point.”
“’Kay.”
“The point is that I had an appointment come in and run a normal scan just before this one and it worked out fine. In fact, the guy didn’t have anything wrong with him in the slightest and that’s the way it looked on the display. It was the guy who came in after the normal read who had this thing.”
Charlie picked up the picture again. The black aura was beautiful in the same way a black hole is beautiful. The air conditioning was up way too high.
“Who was this?”
“A doctor. Shrink I think.” Harlan stared at Charlie. “Said he was interested in any neurological anomalies, especially in parts of the brain responsible for motor function in the hands. Had really weird eyes.”
“Weird eyes?”
“Like fucking lighthouse lamps. I’ve never seen anything like that before, man. You wouldn’t believe it. Very high score on the freakometer.” 
Charlie remembered a piece of description. Michael McCafferty’s voice as Marty Jenny echoed in his mind. “Fine,” he said.
“Yes!” Harlan said. “Drummond Fine. I should have remembered a freaky name for a freaky guy. Hey, you know this dude?”
“Man, Harl, you came close to one very bad man.” Charlie picked up his beer and took a long pull. “You been following the news about this guy the Post’s calling the Phobia Killer?”
Harlan sat back in his chair, then sat forward. “Get the fuck outta’ town.”
“No, man. It’s true.” 
Charlie explained everything. It took a few minutes, punctuated with the occasional “Holy shit!” from Harlan to bring his friend up to speed.
“So, he just like, what, disappeared after the cops picked him up?”
“Yeah,” Charlie said. “The Detective…”
“Bilko, that’s so funny.”
“Shut up. I know. Anyway, she got a call a few minutes after the first one. He went nuts on the cops or something. She wouldn’t go into it. But apparently he got away from them.”
“You want another beer?”
“Yes.”
Harlan got up and was rummaging in the fridge when he called, “You think he can do the same stuff Emily can do?”
“Kind of makes you wonder how he could get away from two of New York’s finest, doesn’t it? We are talking about the world’s most trigger-happy police department.” Charlie took the beer Harlan offered as he sat down. “You remember that poor pizza delivery guy or whatever he was from a couple of years ago? They sprayed that poor bastard for pulling out his wallet. Jesus, you’d think they would have been at least that jacked-up around the Phobia Killer.”
Harlan thought about laughing.
“Harlan,” Charlie bolted up straight, “does he know you have these pictures?”
“Relax, Charles.” Harlan help up his hand. “The guy freaked me bad enough that I switched his print out with the normal read who came in before him. I also wanted you to see the similarity between his scan and Emily’s. But don’t worry, Fine left the office with a perfectly normal full-body scan…for a comparably-sized forty-seven year-old African American male.” Harlan grinned around a cigarette as he put flame to it. “We all look the same without skin, baby.”


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 18

EMILY WAS BORED as she had ever been in her entire life. She and Charlie couldn’t spend every minute of every day together. She had woken up early on her first full “day off” from him with the intention of doing the dos and seeing the sights. She was from Wisconsin and this was New York. There was the Statue of Liberty, the Staten Island Ferry, the Empire State Building, Wall Street, Times Square. There was Bloomindales and Macey’s. There was Miss Saigon and Cats. There was the Metropolitan Museum and the Metropolitan Opera. 
She’d set it up so she could look up the toga of Lady Liberty directly after viewing Ground Zero, but the symbols neither inspired or depressed. She’d expected to feel the heat of tears but felt only an itch to move on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, bunch of people got killed by a bunch of evil A-rabs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, bring me your tired, your hungry, your wretched masses yearning to earn green cards. The top of the Empire State Building stirred her curiosity because a fairly high number of people managed to throw themselves from the observation deck in spite of the inwardly curving wrought-iron bars. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you just can’t stand in the way of American ingenuity.
Three o’clock rolled around with glacial speed and she found herself in front of an innocuous watering hole called The Last Swallow. The sign displayed the silhouette of a single bird on a wire. Emily adjusted the strap of the black bra under her wife-beater and blew a strand of hair off her forehead. The street buzzed around her. A woman wearing exactly the same outfit, down to the brand new retro blue jeans and combat boots brushed past her. Last swallow indeed..
She pushed through the door exchanged the noise of the street for the hush and swirl of conversation and silence between songs on the juke. The bar stools were two-thirds full with men in rumpled suits and a couple of women, one of whom might have been a hooker. Knee-high boots with a short skirt just wasn’t that outrageous a combination anymore during working hours anymore, even in Wisconsin.
Emily wasn’t into chatting, so she snuggled herself into an empty booth along the opposite wall. A waitress showed up a few minutes later, jerking Emily from her blank reverie (she’d been wondering without any real concern if the carcinogen levels were still high around Ground Zero) and took her order for a shot of Jameson’s and a Sam Adams Light. Emily watched her walk away. She had a big butt.
Jesus, what was the matter with her? She was in New York city for the love of Mike (Just who was this Mike anyway?). She had money and time. There was more to do in this town than, shit, anywhere, right? And what was she doing? Getting drunk in a shithole three hours before dinner. Emily dragged her fingernail through the film of old beer and spirits on the table top, spelling out So Fucking Bored.
Once when she was supposed to be studying her fifth grade Spanish text Daddy caught her just staring off into the distance. He explained to her that boredom wasn’t something that just happened to people, it was a state of mind, an attitude that people got when they were doing something they didn’t want to be doing, like studying Spanish when Scooby Doo was on.
The waitress appeared and plunked down a little glass with amber liquid and a big glass with thicker amber liquid. Emily thanked her and started a tab. She picked up the shot glass, took a whiff of the high-test contents and made them disappear. The whiskey left a fire trail in her throat. She doused it a moment later with a swallow of lager. She belched into the back of her hand and stared at the drinkers at the bar, swallows on a power line. 
Emily knew what was going on—she was bored because the one thing she really wanted to be doing was against the rules. Charlie had made her promise not to do her new party-trick until they knew more about what was going on with the resulting tremors in her hand. It was killing her. She had a freaking superpower for the love of Mike or whoever. How was she supposed to concentrate on land marks and musical theatre when she could be moving stuff around just by thinking about it? She had a lot of power, too. Emily thought back to her first date with Charlie, stopping that careening SUV by putting out her hand. She drank down the rest of her beer.
The waitress appeared and Emily ordered another shot n’ beer combo. Fifteen minutes later she was mired in a slurred internal dialogue, tapping her foot along to the Pink Floyd montage someone had fed into the juke. Us and them indeed. Well, she certainly was different from everyone else, that was for sure. Maybe this new telekinetic thingy was like a gift? Did Charlie ever think of that? (Oh, he was so cute and so talented with that thing he could do with his tongue.) But what if, what if… She lost her train of thought. Oh yeah, what if she was, like, supposed to use this power? What if she actually was, like, a superhero? Ooh! She should think of a good name! Wonder Woman was what she really wanted but that, of course, was taken.
Emily sighed, the bar was beginning to fill up a little more now, but no one interesting had yet made the scene, just more of the same. A trio of forty-something men bustled in, their ties loosened, their wedding rings flashing in the slanting yellow sun as the door swung shut behind them. One of them missile-locked on Emily and tipped his chin at her. She snorted laughter and pretended to be interested in the wrestling match on the TV bolted over the bar. The actual competition hadn’t started yet. A man in a blue Speedo bulged from his fur coat, skin resplendent with oil. He mounted and dry-humped one of his nymphet corner girls against a ring post. Emily couldn’t hear the sound of the match over the juke box.
The man in the suit slid into the booth across from her. Emily noted the strip of white flesh where the wedding ring sat only a moment before. She went out on a limb and guessed he hadn’t taken it off in memory of his beloved late wife.
“Hiya,” he said. “My name’s Roger.”
“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding.” 
The funny thing was that before she had come to New York and blocked out her power, Emily would have been as drawn to this balding, socially retarded yutz as he was to her. The empathy would have blurred their boundaries, his lust bleeding over into her. Time was, she would have fucked his brains out.
“Kidding? What’s that supposed to mean?” His salesman grin hardened. “You some kinda’ dyke or something?”
“Yes,” she said. “Yes, I am a lesbian.”
He laughed. “Oh, now you’re just messing with me.” He nodded. “I get that.”
“Do you?”
“Do I what?”
“Okay,” Emily said. “I’m going to buy you a shot.” She called the waitress over. “Two more Jameson’s, please. Thanks.” She faced him. “Roger, don’t talk until the drinks get here, okay?”
“Okay, hon’.” His eyes tracked along her bra strap. “Whatever you say.” Rodriguez from legal had been right. Always go after the hot ones drinking by themselves. It was like bondage and Catholic girls. Never failed.
The drinks came and Emily thanked the waitress. She nodded toward Roger’s glass, “G’head.”
He picked it up and paused. “To beautiful strangers.”
“Uh-huh,” Emily muttered, she was starring hard at the glass. “Close your eyes, sweetness.”
“What?”
The shot glass exploded with a stark Pop!
Roger blinked in time to save his left cornea from the sliver that bounced off his eyelid. He jerked back in the booth. “What the fuck?” He burst up, bumping the table and spilling half of Emily’s shot across the surface. He brushed the spray of Jameisons off his suit in frantic, angry swipes. “What the fuck?”
Emily tried to pick up her drink but her left hand was a fluttering mess. She switched to the other and drank it down, shuddering as the whiskey ran down her throat. “Roger,” she said. “I’m telekinetic. Wanna’ see what else I can do?”
But he was already walking away and muttering, “Crazy dyke bitch.”
Emily didn’t even watch him go. She focused her attention on her twitching hand and thought stop. Her hand froze mid-shake. It felt like it was encased in an invisible cement glove. Well, that took care of that. She tried to move her fingers, and found that in stopping the shuddering, she had succeeded in stopping any movement at all. It wasn’t a cure, but it would be good enough to fool Charlie.
Emily heard raised voices and looked up. Roger and his two friends had congregated a couple of booths away and were shouting about dyke bitches for her benefit. She heard something about cute little magic tricks. Exactly what kind of parlor trick did he think she had just pulled off? Every now and then Roger would turn around to make sure she was paying attention and then let something extra charming fly over his teeth. It was when he brought up the question of her mother’s likely interest in canines as sexual partners, that Emily decided she’d heard enough. She closed her eyes and took a deep, slow breath.
With a screech of tearing metal, the TV tore free of its moorings and hurled across the room. It smashed into the wall above Roger’s booth and fell onto the table in front of him, the screen blowing out in a glory of sparks and glass. A blanket of silence settled over the bar. Emily rose, and swinging her hips in the tradition of triumphant crazy dyke bitches the world over, walked out of The Last Swallow and into the flames of the evening sun.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 19

“HOW LONG HAVE we been at this at this now, Sharon?” It had been nearly twenty-four hours since he’d burst her partner’s heart and kidnapped her, but Drum wanted to hear her say it. “How long since you’ve had a fix?”
It was hot in the warehouse, but she was freezing. She could tell it was hot because THE BASTARD had big sweat stains in his stinking pits and at the throat of his expensive shirt. Meant IT was human after all. That was good because that also meant that if she somehow got through this she could hurt HIM and hurt HIM and hurt HIM…after she got a fix. Her LITTLE FLUFFY CLOUDS, her PILLS, were still in their bottle behind the crate HE was sitting on. She knew this because HE would show THE PILLS to her from time to time. She was pretty sure it had been almost a full day. Sharon thought she remembered the sun moving all the way past the windows a full beat. “A long time,” she managed. Her voice didn’t sound like hers anymore. The authority, the harnessed anger and flattened affect were gone. She sounded like someone who’d been on the bad end of a torture session for the last day or so.
At one point, THE BASTARD had even left and come back. It seemed like a long, long time ago. HE’D left her PILLS on top of the crate like it was a fucking pedestal in a jewelry store or an art gallery while HE’D done something with her prowl car. She’d heard it start up and drive away, not trusting to the mad hope that HE was leaving her there to whatever end. Sharon had stretched her wrist to the point where she could feel the bones separating before sinking back against the pipe HE’D cuffed her to. She sank back and cried out in frustration as much as in pain. Something scuttled in the dark. Eventually a thin sleep misted over her.
She awoke in a acrid pool of her own urine, wet and sore, the inside of her skin itching, her veins buzzing. Just one LITTLE CLOUD, half of ONE. God, she’d have traded her breath to lick the DUST from inside the BOTTLE. HE was back, sitting on the crate, staring at her through those Coke-bottle lenses, like little television screens tuned into the Demon Channel. HE smelled different, swampy. Her senses were confused, but they were up, like every last nerve ending had been rubbed with a metal rasp. HE had dumped her car in the swamp. Ah, well, now at least she knew where they were. Jersey. Great.
It had been deep night when HE’D left. Now, the sun painted a grid of hot white on the floor where it cut through the glassless windows. Must be around noon. It didn’t occur to her be hungry. Not for food.
HE hadn’t said what he wanted. Not really. HE’D asked her what the worst thing she had ever seen had been and she’d told HIM about the spelling champion. For a second, then, after she’d looked at him and explained about her reasons for strapping on the gun and the sticking the badge to her chest every day when it still hurt like hell to walk up more than three flights of stairs, for a second it looked like he hadn’t been in charge anymore. It looked like SHE had scared him. But that had passed. Her power ran out with her resistance to the NEED.
“What d’you want from me?”
Drum crossed his arms and sat back on the crate. “You know, I’m not really sure anymore, Sharon. At first, I just wanted a little amusement while I killed some time. It’d seem I’ve been unmasked as the Phobia Killer. I’m guessing the transsexual has made a miraculous recovery. Hooray for her.”
“Hooray for trans-who?”
“Don’t strain yourself, solider,” Drum said. “And don’t interrupt me again.”
She looked at him.
“Sharon? If I asked you to bite off one of your own fingers in exchange for a pills, you’d do it, wouldn’t you?” Drum inhaled her quick rush of panic stained at the endges with dieseased hope. “Interrupt me again and you’ll only be able to count to nine.”
Sharon looked at the floor. Her urine was almost completely evaporated now.
“You see,” he said. “I’m not really sure what to do at this point. There’s every reason to believe that my life as Dr. Drummond Fine is over. So, I’ve either got to run or be caught. I don’t want to run, Sharon, and I don’t want to be caught.”
“You say ‘I’ a lot.”
Drum reached behind him and brought the pill bottle into view. He didn’t need his empathic ability to know Sharon’s need. She sobbed, once, rasping in the still air of the warehouse. He considered the bottle, shook it for good measure. “I think the pinky on your left hand will do it.”
“Okay.” 
It was out of her mouth like a betrayal. And now that it was said, she couldn’t take it back. She couldn’t tell him to fuck off, or to just crawl into the corner and die as so many other things had in this place. As she knew she would. Her mouth just wouldn’t make the sounds. Instead it moistened, the dry tissues swelling with the saliva, smoothing the way. 
Staring at HIM, eyes burning into HIM, eyes searing tracks across HIS flesh, she put the tip of her pinky in her mouth, past her front teeth. The NEED cheered her, a chorus of angelic voices rising along her nerve endings. She could do this. She could do this, get a pill, get her head together and think of something. She could do this. She felt the pressure of her incisors and closed her eyes.
“Second knuckle, Sharon.”
Tears squeezed from the corners of her eyes as she slid the finger in another inch. She probed with the blade of her teeth and found the joint. She bore down and the pain seared. Tissue ground against bone and she groaned. The chorus grew loud with the increasing pressure. She could feel the bones begin to push apart and the first taste of hot iron ran over her tongue. Her jaw ached. Something popped. She was screaming now, shouting through nearly clenched teeth—a war cry of terrible determination. Sharon Dimke remembered the birth of her children and gave a final wrench. Her throat filled with heat and everything behind her eyes was white light. 
Sharon’s head smacked the concrete floor with a crack as she passed out, yanking Drum from the feast of her roiling emotions. He reeled back on the crate and caught his balance just before going over himself. Drum got up and stood over Sharon. He reached down and plucked the top two thirds of her left pinky from her mouth. Wouldn’t want her to choke to death. He held the finger up close to his bad eye. The nail was bitten down to the quick and there was a small scar on the pad. An accident with a chopping knife or a pair of scissors? He tossed the finger over his shoulder. Maybe he’d ask her when she woke up.
Drum sat down on the floor next to Sharon but facing away from her. He gently moved her so that she was stretched taut at the end of the hand-cuffs’ range. Drum reached into his pocket and pulled out Sharon’s cigarette lighter. He grabbed her wrist and braced her subtracted, dripping hand against his side. He flicked the spark wheel once, twice, and got a high flame. Her flesh sizzled as he cauterized her wound, the smell reminding him of cheap barbecue. His stomach growled.
Sharon moaned as the pain yanked her up from the depths of unconsciousness. She broke the surface and belted a peeling screech, reflexively trying to snatch her hand away. Drum held it until he was satisfied the blood had stopped seeping. She was strong, whipping her body and thrashing against him, but he’d positioned her well. She couldn’t get enough of an angle to pull her arm away, and Drummond Fine was a calm, strong man. He flicked the lighter off and stood in one fluid motion.
Sharon collapsed into herself, cradling her arm against her chest and panting. Sweat stung her eyes and the taste of her own blood fouled her mouth. Her entire left hand was a ball of aching electricity. After a moment, she got control of her breath and without opening her eyes said, “My pill. You said you’d give me a pill.”
Drum pulled the bottle out of his pocket and looked at the clutch of pink oblongs it held. He shook his head and sighed.
“Actually, Sharon, all I did was ask you if you would bite off one of your own fingers in exchange for one of your pills. I then threatened to tell you to do so if you interrupted me again. Which you did. I never put the two together in an agreed upon statement. You made an assumption.”
She pulled herself into a sitting position and leaned against the pipe she was cuffed to. A slow certainty asserted itself into the forefront of her mind: He was never going to give her a pill. He would keep torturing her because he knew that she would talk herself into believing him every time he offered. That’s what junkies did, they made deals. The next time, when he told her to eat her own foot or something, the NEED would convince her that this time he was telling the truth and that she would get her pill, but she wouldn’t. It would go on like that until she was in pieces, and as she lay dying from blood loss, her last action would be to beg. Not for her life, but for the drug.
Sharon got it then. The fight wasn’t just with Fine, it was with herself. She sat up a little straighter and decided not to die today. Sharon Dimke looked into the eyes of the Devil and told him, “Keep your silver, you bastard.”
Drum felt her strength buffet up against him like hot wind from a huge oven. He wrinkled his nose and stood, placing the pill bottle on the crate. Without a word he turned and walked out of the warehouse. His receding footsteps crunched on gravel and then swished through what sounded like tall summer grass. Sharon didn’t start weeping until she was sure he was gone.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 20

CHARLIE’S NAKED CHEST glistened in the streetlight streaming through his apartment window. It heaved in post-love-making exhaustion. Love making. Bullshit, that had been an honest-to-goodness fuck. Emily had been almost violent. He exhaled long and slow, getting his breathing under control, and looked over at the woman sprawled in the sheets next to him. Her breasts, slicked in sweat, the nipples dark and taut, rolled up and down.
“That was,” he said. “That was intense.”
“Yeah,” she panted. “It was.” Emily rolled over on her stomach and crossed her arms in a makeshift pillow. Charlie took in the view of her ass as it swept into her thighs and the lower rise of her calves. She smiled at him.
He frowned.
“What is it?” Emily asked.
“You’re living in that hotel off your dad’s insurance and police pension, right?”
“Yeah.”
“I get that police benefits can be pretty hefty, but this is Manhattan. That’s not going to last you all that long.”
She reached out and ran the pad of her index finger along his fine brow. She tasted the sweat on her finger. “Uh-huh.”
Charlie got up on one elbow and turned to the side. Emily ran a lascivious scan along his body. “Quit lookin’ at me that way and listen for a second.”
She matched his posture, stretching out along him. “Okay.”
“What’re your plans when the money runs out?”
“What’re you afraid of, babe?”
“Are you going to back to Wisconsin, or what?”
“Ah,” she said. “You want to know how long we have this.”
“Yes.”
Emily got quiet for a minute. “‘Til it’s over. That’s how long.”
“Ah, fuck that.” Charlie swung his legs off the side of the bed and sat with his back to her. “That’s not an answer.”
“Has to be, I’m afraid.”
He looked into the room, noticed the lack of books. “Sure.”
She placed her hand flat on his back.
He turned around and grabbed her hand, maybe a little too roughly. “I’m so head over heels for you it’s sick. I mean, not really like stalker-sick or anything, but I’m just nuts for you.”
“I know, babe.”
“Like when you call me ‘babe’ like that? That kills me. One word from you can kill me.”
One thought from me could kill you, too, she thought. Jesus, where the hell did that come from? 
“You get me that way, too, Charlie. I’m just saying that I don’t know what’s going to happen. It’s not like my life is making a lot of sense to me right now.” She stared out the window. “Not like it ever really has for that matter.” She sat up. “A week ago I was promising myself a bullet in the head from my daddy’s gun if I couldn’t get the other emotions out of my head. I didn’t think I’d be alive right now.”
Charlie darkened. “How’s that, uh, how’s that been working out?”
She smiled. “Fine. It’s still just a big old block of white noise. I can feel ‘em all out there, but they’re on the outside of my skull instead of inside. I was actually thinking I might try to reach out and feel someone again just to see if I could still do it.”
“Really?”
“No. Not really. I’m scared that if I do that it’ll all come crashing back in. Can’t handle that. Won’t handle that again.”
“And the other thing? The telekinoodle stuff?”
She chortled. “Telekinesis.”
“Don’t go getting all technical with me, missy. I’m a nurse.”
Emily smirked and focused. 
Charlie reddened and looked into his lap. “Hey!”
“I’m getting’ good at it.”
“Hey, cut it out. That’s kind of freaking me out.”
She let him go.
“Your hand’s not shaking anymore?”
“Nope,” she lied. She’d just used her power to still it as she had in the bar. It felt like someone was running current through her hand, but that it was trapped in amber—an insect in the last still throes of life. Something was still going on there, but she wasn’t going to let Charlie see it. This was hers. She had to explore it. You couldn’t give a person wings and then tell her not to fly. “Seems to have stopped.”
“I still don’t like it.”
She focused again on the air around his cock and his member roused instantly. “Sure about that?”
“Um.”
They fell together, a tangle of emotion and skin and bone, blood and muscle. Emily came twice more, crying with the force of it and shouting his name. It was the last night they would ever spend in his bed.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 21

HARLAN HAD A CIGARETTE in his mouth before the clinic door was even closed behind him. He’d seen the inside of countless smokers’ lungs and the broods of dark children born mad and ravenous within them, but it wasn’t enough to make him to stop. He’d kicked pharmaceutical grade morphine, he got to keep the fucking cigarettes. He bent into a warm breeze (trash from the alley across the street, a businessman’s expensive cologne as he clocked by on expensive shoes, asphalt shedding the day’s heat) and put flame to the cancer stick. He pulled in a deep drag and started walking toward his apartment. 
During the beginning of his recovery Harlan learned that habit was safety. He replaced one bad habit with another not-quite-as-bad habit and surrounded his rickety life in an exoskeleton of repetition. You couldn’t screw up if your schedule was ironclad, but you had to fill that schedule with something you loved. By the time Harlan was three weeks out from under the dope he realized the addiction had eaten everything he’d ever loved except books. They were both forms of escape, one just killed you. 
He created a schedule of reading and dove in with the obsession of, well, an addict. He’d been sucking up poets of the 19th Century for the past two weeks and tonight was Edgar Allan Poe. He was jazzed. The Bells was the only poem he’d ever memorized as a kid that still stuck with him. Something about Edgar’s ability to weave dream feelings with the lockstep of regimented verse and rhyme resonated in his head like nothing else from the period. Dickinson was good at that, too, but all her shit could be sung to The Yellow Rose of Texas and that made him nuts. Poe had also had a bit of a dependency on the milk of the poppy. Harlan found he could sympathize a bit more easily with a fellow junkie than with a shut-in.
He muttered to himself between puffs as he rolled down the street. 
“Hear the tolling of the bells-
Iron Bells!
What a world of solemn thought their monody compels!
In the silence of the night,
How we shiver with affright
At the melancholy menace of their tone!
For every sound that floats
From the rust within their throats
Is a groan.”
He caught up to the businessman with the expensive cologne and strolled on by, muttering the poem and puffing smoke like a choo-choo. Business-Boy’s right eyebrow rose at the lyrics. Fucking crazies were everywhere. Thank God the Republicans were still in office.
“And the people–ah, the people-
They that dwell up in the steeple,
All Alone.”
A young woman, wide hips in tight pinstriped pants, clumped along next to a young man in a sleeveless t-shirt lisping away on a cell phone. “No! No, Heather. I thought we were friends, too, but since you felt it necessary to…”
The woman glanced at Harlan. Cute in that nerdy kinda’ way, like Harry Potter as a twenty-five year old. Donnie would probably hate him. Not his type. Too unhip. Those shoes were so totally tennis shoes? And not even like the right kind of tennis shoes? Not even close? Still though…cute. 
“They are neither man nor woman-
They are neither brute nor human-
They are Ghouls.”
A flurry of dogs, all shapes and sizes and sprouting a tangle of leashes, dragged an older African American woman behind them like a clutch of panting balloons in a high wind. An Irish setter shoved its nose into Harlan’s palm as they passed. It felt like a plum right out of the fridge and then it was gone. The woman’s hearing wasn’t as great as it had been, but she was pretty sure she’d caught that young man reciting verse four of The Bells. Nice to see that not all of the youngsters had forgotten the classics. Ah, Poe. Poor thing with his morbidity and weakness for opium. Good, sure, but nothing like Emily D.
A moment later, Harlan stubbed out his smoke and climbed the front steps of his apartment building. He pushed through into the foyer and squinted. The chandelier was out again. Ah, hell. Not like he wasn’t already almost blind. Climbing up to his flat would be an adventure. He hoped the kids from 1B hadn’t left their Tonka Trucks on the stairs again. He made it up on faith and touch, but it was pitch dark at the top of the landing. He fumbled out his keys and probed the air, listening for the scrape of metal as they found the lock. They pushed into something soft instead. The hell? Harlan dug his lighter out and flicked the wheel. 

* * *

LONG HOURS PASSED before she heard him coming back. The sun had fallen and the grace of the cool night had flowed into the warehouse. His approach was different, laden with a low scraping. The sound reached under her chin and lifted Sharon from a delirium of withdrawal, dehydration and exhaustion. Her eyes cleared as he wrestled a large sack through the door. It glided along the concrete floor as Fine dragged it up to their little tableaux of hostage, crate and pills. He wore a new shirt and slacks and an absurd Mets baseball cap, but was soaked in sweat. Fine dropped the end of the sack in front of Sharon with a grunt and plopped down on the crate.
She managed a smile and croaked, “Have I been a good girl this year, Santa?” 
Fine wrinkled his nose again, like he was smelling something even fouler than himself or this place, and bent to the long sack. It was almost as big as a sleeping bag. Sharon squinted in the low light and recognized an insignia on the side: United States Postal Service. “Stealing mail’s a felony,” she said. “I’m going to have to ask you to come with me, sir.” Fine ignored her and unzipped about a foot of the seam that ran from the top along the full length of the bag. He reached in and pulled out three large bottles of water.
Sharon ran a dead tongue over dry lips. Her thirst for water was almost as bad as her thirst for pills. Would this be his next torture device? But no, he unscrewed one of the bottles and pushed it to her with the toe of his shoe. Sharon grabbed it, but was careful not to drink more than a quarter and that in small, almost masochistic sips. Too fast and she would hurl it all back up anyway. Besides, she might need this to last a while. The difference she felt in her body was instant and amazing. The water, with no calories or nutritional content, seemed to fill her with energy and light. God, she could imagine what a cheeseburger would do…or a pill.
Fine watched her drink, her throat moving up and down. He wondered for a moment if she could still taste her own blood.
A low moan drifted from the mail bag like gas from a corpse.
Sharon’s eyes grew into plates.
“You seemed lonely, officer, so I brought you a friend.” Fine unzipped the rest of the bag and pushed it aside from the face of a gaunt man, his mouth sealed with electrical tape. The eyes behind his heavy tortoise shell glasses rolled just below flickering lids, not yet fully conscious.
“Sharon meet Harlan. Harlan meet Sharon. You’re going to die together.”
“That the mailman?” she grunted.
“Radiological technologist actually,” Drum said and pulled a manila folder out of the mailbag. It was moist with Harlan’s sweat. “He took some pictures for me. Through me.” Drum tossed the folder to her and it half-spilled a couple of glossy print outs.
Sharon picked up a head shot and glanced at the full body view on the floor. The ghost of her missing pinky was throbbing like a motherfucker but she wasn’t about to let him see that. “Looks like an MRI.”
Drum took a long pull from his own water bottle. She watched his adam’s apple bob up and down and wondered how good it would feel to make him taste his own blood. He put the bottle aside. Might need to make it last. “It is an MRI,” he said. “Very astute of you, officer. You might even pass for an educated member of society instead of a janitor with a night stick for a broom.”
She smiled. “I’d love to show you my streetsweeper.”
Drum wrinkled his nose again. “Let’s see just how educated you are, Sharon. What’s with those pictures. No, no, not the head, you can’t see it there.”
She picked up the full-body view and squinted in the low light. “Just looks like a guy with his skin missing.” She tilted it. “Kinda.”
“Kinda.”
“Fuck you, Fine. What is it I’m supposed to see?”
Just then Harlan let out a low moan through the electrical tape. Drum reached down and ripped it off, taking a layer of skin off his lips. Harlan’s foggy eyes flew open and he yelped in pain. He tried to sit up but the bag restricted him. He held his breath as his eyes flicked from Sharon to Fine. Drum took off the baseball cap and the night reflected iron from his strange irises. Harlan exhaled. “Oh, shit.”
“Harlan, this is Sharon. Very soon you two will be the best of friends. Or, at least on very intimate terms.”
“What’re you getting’ at, Jack?” Sharon said.
“Nothing like that, Sharon. I thought I’d established that I’ve not the least sexual interest in you. That includes voyeurism as well as direct action,” Drum said. “You and Harlan are going to be much closer than lovers in any respect.”
Sharon made eye contact with Harlan. “Just don’t do anything he tells you to do, man. He’ll break any deal he makes.” She held up her subtracted left hand. “I did not get paid to do this.”
“What the fuck is going on here!”
“Be quiet, man,” Sharon nodded at Fine. “He likes that.”
Harlan turned a moon face on Fine. He was sucking in great lung-fulls of air as if savoring a superior vintage. 
“He likes what?” Harlan asked.
“Fear. Don’t fear him. This guy’s the—”
“Phobia Killer,” Harlan finished. “I know.”
 Drum nudged Harlan’s U.S. Postal issue cocoon with his toe. “Really?”
Sharon’s eyebrows lifted.
“I, uh,” Am an idiot. “I’m psychic.” No, I’m dead. Jesus.
Drum leaned down until the lenses of his glasses almost crunched into Harlan’s. His breath pushed into Harlan’s nostrils. When Harlan was a kid he’d had a ball python that only ate once a month—big white rats with red eyes. When it had been a while since his last meal, Speedy’s breath had been dry and almost odorless. Fine’s breath was like that. Harlan’s heart bounced around in his chest like a rat caught in a terrarium with a hungry reptile…then something squeezed.
“Oh, god,” he whispered. “What?”
Drum’s breathing fogged both sets of glasses. “You can’t be that prescient or you would have foreseen that, wouldn’t you? Now, how did you know about me?” He let go of Harlan’s heart and sat back. “Don’t make me ask again, young man.”
Sharon leaned back, her spine digging into the pipe—her hitching post as she’d begun to think of it. Fine had done something to Harlan. Done something without touching him. “What’d you just do to him?” she demanded.
Fine kept his eyes on Harlan. “In a moment, Sharon.
“Harlan? How’d you know?”
Harlan couldn’t rat out Charlie and Emily, but he was dead if he didn’t tell Fine something. Ah, God, how’d he get into this? He’d just been going home. The light had been out at the top of the landing and he couldn’t see his door. He’d sparked up his Zippo and what? His memory was blurry here. Bells, iron bells. Red and orange eyes, dragon eyes, reflecting the fire in the dark like light off polished iron. And now here, this dark place that smelled like things so long dead they’d turned to paper. Fine had been waiting for him. He had figured out the switch with his MRI scan somehow. 
“Harlan?”
“A friend told me about you. Someone I know from the hospital.”
“Someone? Someone with access to that faggot, no doubt. Not that this line of questioning really matters. What does matter, Harlan, is what you saw on my MRI scan and what Sharon has failed to see.” Fine looked at Sharon. “Well, officer, figure it out yet?”
Sharon flipped him her middle finger. 
“How many bones are there in the human foot?”
Neither of them answered, but Harlan sucked in a hiss.
“Oh, you’ve got it now, do you, young man? Weren’t asleep during that particular anatomy lesson, were you?” Fine took off his right shoe and sock and held up his foot, wriggling the toes in the night air. He pushed the sole against Harlan’s face, slowly increasing the pressure until Harlan twisted his face away. “There are twenty-six bones in the human foot, Sharon,” Fine said, resting his damp foot against Harlan’s cheek. “Twenty-eight if you count the sesamoid bones at the base of the big toe.” Fine gripped into the meat of Harlan’s cheek with his toes, kneading it like dough. Harlan breathed through his teeth in ragged gasps.
“Get off him, dickhead,” Sharon said.
“Sharon, how many bones are in the foot in that MRI scan?”
“I’m going to guess twenty-eight, you sick fuck. Or maybe you got hooves?”
“Count them, Sharon. Harlan and I will wait.”
“Oh, come off it.”
“Count them or I’ll stand up and put my full weight on Harlan’s cheekbone. It’ll snap like a piece of kindling, won’t it Harlan?”
“All right.” Sharon squinted in the darkness, but the contrast between the black background of the scan and the lighter colored bones was high and obvious even in the gloom. After a minute she muttered, “Wait a minute.”
“Yes?”
“I counted twice.”
“Yes.” Fine said. “There are twenty-nine, aren’t there?”
“Yeah, what’s the deal?”
“Why don’t you tell her, Harlan?” Fine slid his foot off Harlan’s cheek, wiping his sole on Harlan’s stubble as if to scrap off old dogshit. “I’ll bet you know, don’t you.”
“I know you could use some serious Doctor Scholl’s, mother fucker.” 
Fine kicked out with his heel and stars burst in Harlan’s vision. “Tell her!”
“Buh-black puh-people sometimes have one more bone in their feet than white people.”
Fine spread his palms. “There you have it.”
“No shit,” Sharon said, glancing at her own foot.
“Took a little for me to find it, but when I did I realized that you were holding out on me, Harlan. As it happens, things in my life have taken a somewhat inconvenient turn. I really don’t know quite what to do with myself to fix the situation and then I figured out that you’d switched my scan for someone else’s—an African American gentleman most likely. I wonder, Harlan, about your reasons.”
Harlan looked at the cop Fine kept calling Sharon. His eyes pleaded. Her own eyebrows knit. What could she do?
“Harlan, you cared enough to hide the truth in the first place, so I can’t imagine you’ll give it to me now. All I can do is threaten you with some kind of torture, but to be honest the prolonged contact I just endured with my foot on your face was enough to sicken me. I hate touching other people. I get what I need wirelessly.”
Harlan wasn’t going to hand Emily to this fucker. Not a chance. “Gee, then I guess you’re screwed here, huh?”
“No, Harlan, you’re not getting me.” Drum sighed. “I’m not going to touch you.” He turned his lamp eyes on Sharon. “Office Dimke is going to do it for me.”
Harlan looked at the cop. “What’s he talking about?”
“I don’t know. I’m not doing shit for—”
The rattle of Sharon’s pill bottle cut through the dark like a sidewinder underfoot. Drum popped the top, pulled out a single capsule and bit about a quarter of it off. He spit the pink corner of the pill into his palm and held it out to Sharon. It glowed there in the dark. “Here, Sharon.”
She moved so fast that Harlan didn’t even see it. If she ever got her gun back, this cop would be one hell of a quickdraw. The change in her was almost instant even though it was impossible that the drug could have hit her system in so short a time. That little bit of pill was enough to reach into what was left of her mind and rip it out.
Fine bit off another sliver of pill and held it in his hand, this time out of her reach. “Sharon,” he said. “Scoop out one of Harlan’s eyes, would you?”
Harlan’s eyes rounded on Sharon as she crawled over toward him. She was looking right at him—his left eye, actually—but there was no connection between the two of them. He’d gone from human to obstacle in her mind. Harlan knew a junkie when he saw one and he knew that made her capable of things most people would never do. She reached out and pulled off his glasses, turning herself into a dark blue and tan blur. This shit couldn’t happen. It couldn’t. He was going to wake up any second now. This is what he got for reading Poe and then going to sleep. Harlan squeezed his eyes shut and fell into the velvet darkness. Every muscle in his face pinched, collapsing on itself. He whispered, “Hear the tolling of the bells, Iron Bells.” as Sharon’s fingernails pried into the corner of his eye. Harlan’s shrieks pealed into the night.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 22

SAMUELS’S KNIGHT CHARGED over one square and up three to challenge the encroaching horde. “Take that, ye’ varlet!” His Arthurian accent was crap.
Marty Jenny—sitting up in her hospital bed, in jeweled blue lipstick and matching nails—looked from Samuels to the chessboard perched on the tray table and back to the old man. “You sure you wanna’ do that?”
“Have at thee!”
“’Kay.” Marty pushed his queen’s rook over with a dragon claw fingernail and scooped up the hapless horsy. “Check, honey.”
Samuels crossed his arms and sat back. In his red bathrobe and white hair he really did look the part of a disheveled saxon lord. “Oy,” he said. “How long did you say you’ve been playing this game?”
“What time you got, sugar?”
Samuel’s checked his watch. “Three forty-seven.”
Marty winked, blue glitter eye-shadow throwing sparks. “Forty seven minutes.”
Samuels rubbed his chin, scrutinized the board. Aha! His king’s bishop sliced through the center of Marty’s defenses, blocking her check and threatening her queen. “Take that, boychick.”
Marty bit the tip of a nail. After a moment she spit a speck of glitter from the corner of her mouth, her tongue a tease of pink. She nudged a pawn up a single square. “That checkmate, Mr. Samuels?”
Samuels chuckled. “I don’t think…” He crossed his arms again and leaned forward. He could move his knight, no that was gone. He’d already castled, and if he moved his king to take Marty’s pawn then… His shoulders slumped, but a smile bent his mustache.
“You’re a natural, kid. Yuri Gellar couldn’t have done it better. Hell, Big Blue couldn’t have done it better!” He laughed and shook his head. “Not that I’m any sort of a match for Gellar or IBM.”
“I know what IBM is, but I’m at a loss on the others.”
“Ah, Yuri Gellar was—is—a famous chess master who was the undisputed champeen, but IBM built a super computer back in the 70’s called Blue that beat him. Of course, a cell phone has more brain power than that thing did and it was bigger than a refrigerator. That was back in the day when they were just beginning to talk about people having computers in their homes. Most average folks couldn’t imagine what we’d use a computer for.”
“Didn’t you tell me you used to be an accountant?”
“Ah, you think if anyone could see the use of a computer it would have been a counter of beans, yes?”
“Yeah.”
“Back in my hey-day I could sling numbers faster with a hand cranked adding machine than one of those vacuum tube-gutted monsters. And I had a friend back in school who learned how to crunch on an old abacus. You couldn’t even see his fingers move he was so fast. And accurate? Don’t get me started on accurate.”
Marty smiled. She’d learned that the best way to get Mr. Samuels to spin out one of his wonderful stories was to throw a simple question every now and again and then step back to let the deluge begin. “What was his name?”
“Albert Takashi.”
Marty tasted it. “Takashi.”
“He was one of my very best friends.” Samuels stared down at the chessboard and fingered a few of the pieces into a classic wedge opening. “He was third generation immigrant and spoke better English than I did. Moved to New York from California when his father decided he wanted more for his boy than a drag line fishing license.”
Marty tipped her head at his silence. “What happened to Albert?”
“He and his family were shipped off to one of those goddamned internment camps after Pearl Harbor. In Oklahoma if you can believe that nonsense.” 
He blinked and looked out the window. Marty watched his face. Age did this—filled you with life and everything that came with it. A nurse squeaked by out in the hall. The air conditioner seemed very loud. 
“Albert and his father were both killed when they tried to stop a guard from raping Albert’s thirteen year old sister. Shot them both like dogs. Said they’d been trying to pass coded messages to enemy spies in the area. Albert’s sister found me over a decade after she and her mother were released. Told me the truth about how they died.”
Marty reached out and put a young, painted hand over an old, liverspotted one. Samuels looked up. He patted Marty’s hand. “You’re a good kid, Michael.”
“Marty.”
Samuels shook his head. “Now how do I know when it’s Marty and when it’s Michael?”
Marty blew on her phantasmagoric fingernails. “When I’m in character, honey, I’m Marty. When I’m not, I’m Michael.”
“And when you’re in character I’m also to refer to you in the feminine her, she, etc.?”
“Coo-rect, sweetheart.”
Samuels nodded. “I can do this. I can do this.”
“You’re ahead of most people even just trying, Mr. Samuels. I appreciate it.”
Samuels waved her off. “It’s who you are, yes?”
Marty smiled. “Yes.”
“And have your predilections ever caused another human being any harm?”
“No.”
“Then more power to you—uh, girlfriend?”
“You ever thought of adopting a twenty-something drag queen with a rotten ticker?”
Samuels laughed. “Ah, you don’t want me for a father, kid. You’d just end up having to pay for an old folks’ home sooner rather later.”
“Such a pessimist.”
“Or, I was thinking,” said Samuels. “I could marry a young witch and learn the secret to eternal life.”
“Think that would work for you, huh?”
“Well, if you can reverse your gender, I might just be able to reverse the aging process, yes?”
Marty thought about it for a second. “Oh, why the hell not?” She tapped the board. “You wanna’ go again?”
Samuels gathered his courage, his ego, and his horrible accent. “It would be an honor, me lady.” He sat up a little straighter. “But I must warn thee, the, uh, gauntlets are off. No more mister nice knight.”
Marty winced. “Terrible.”
 “Yes, thank you. Have at thee!”
Marty beat him in twenty-three minutes this time.

* * *

“ARE YOU GOING into see Mr. Samuels?” Charlie asked over his protein shake.
“Yeah,” Emily said. “He’s getting discharged today. I thought I’d see if he wanted an escort home.”
“Escort, huh? You know that’s good money in New York.”
“Sewer brain.”
He raised an eyebrow and took another sip of protein shake.
“Jesus, how do you drink that shit?”
“It’s just fuel. Gives me everything I need without having to worry about the stuff I don’t. Takes less time to make than real food, too.” He took another sip. “What? What are you looking at?”
She laughed at him. “It’s just that you said all that out loud is all.”
“Oh, shut up.”
She looked at his protein sludge and shook her head. Emily couldn’t imagine treating food like it was gasoline, but men are strange. She stared across the kitchen table at this man she loved. There, she was thinking it straight-up now. She loved Charlie. He was naked to the waist in an old pair of jeans and bare feet. He was naked under the jeans, too. She’d watched him pull them over his ass when she finally let him out of bed twenty minutes ago. And that only because he had to start thinking about going on shift. Could she tell him? People freaked out when you told them how you felt about them. Especially if they were male people. Not like she’d had a lot of experience in the unclouded emotions department, but this one was hers. The feeling came from the inside of her white-noise fortress. 
She had the urge to stretch out past the barrier and check, peek in and see if he felt the same. But that would be cheating. Besides, what would happen if she couldn’t turn it off again? She’d just started getting used to the idea of not eating a bullet from her Dad’s gun.
“You want one? I could whip one up for you.”
“One? Oh, a shake, no.” Her face crinkled. “Yeesh.”
“There’s regular food in the fridge.” He stood up and walked around behind her. Charlie printed the side of her neck with a kiss. Her hair smelled like his shampoo. He reached around her in a gentle bear hug, conscious of her breasts under a pilfered tee-shirt against his arms. She looked one hell of a lot better in it than he did. “I’m going in, but I’m off in about twelve hours. Stay here if you want, steel my stuff, read the mail, etcetera.”
Emily leaned her head against his. “Mmm. And international phone calls?”
“Many as you want.”
“You’re very accommodating. It’s that thing I did last night, isn’t it?”
“Nah, I just like you in my accommodations.”
Emily turned around in the chair and put her hands on his face. “Listen.”
“Shit,” Charlie smiled. “Okay.”
“I don’t know what it’ll mean. I don’t know if it’s permanent or if it’s because of what’s going on in my head or how it’ll—”
“I’ve fallen in love with you, too. And no, I have no expectations.” He took her wrists and kissed her on the forehead. “I’ll take what I can get and be happy about it.”
Emily exhaled. “Sure know how to steel a girl’s thunder, don’t you?”
“You looked like you were in pain. I figured I’d release you. I’m a nurse, we’re compassionate motherfuckers.”
“I have amazing taste. I’m in love with a man who uses the words ‘compassionate’ and ‘motherfucker’ in the same sentence.” Charlie turned around and she smacked him on the butt.
Fifteen minutes later she watched that same butt—now in blue scrubs—slip out of the door. Emily sighed from her position on the couch and reclined. She had the remote, a still warm cup of coffee and the slowly fading afterglow of a long night of stellar sex.
She clicked on the TV and scrolled through the ludicrous number of choices. Charlie had one of those gray plastic satellite dishes that seemed to sprout from every other balcony and apartment window in New York like an alien species of mushroom. You could tell a lot about a person from what he paid to watch on television. Charlie, for example, was more into history, technology and monster movies than sports. Except for a channel that seemed to specialize in competitions involving enormous Swedish men throwing around small cars, telephone polls and washing machines. Every third contestant was named Magnus or Thorsten or some shit. He was big on the health and science feeds, of course, with a show called Plastic Surgery Disasters marked for recording on the DVR. Emily sang a line from an old punk song.
“California uber alles. California UBER alles. Uber alles. California. Uber alles—Cal-ih-forn-yah, ooh, ooh.”
Emily switched off the TV and put down the remote. She sighed again, hummed another bar and looked around the apartment from her perch on the couch. The digital clock on the oven read 10:49AM. She blew a strand of hair off her face. The fact that she could read the oven clock from the couch was a testament to the size of living spaces in Manhattan. Charlie’s entire one-bedroom, including his bathroom and walk-in closet, was only about the same square footage as her kitchen and dinning room in Janesville. And according to him this was a pretty big place. He had good intel.; a fogey with rent-control had died two years ago and he’d snapped up this place long before anyone else caught wind. It paid to have friends in the morgue.
Emily tried to imagine her old house in Janesville. How long had she been gone? Less than two weeks, but it seemed like months. Emily closed her eyes and walked up the cracked concrete path to her front door. Her mother had wanted slate flagstones, but Daddy had said they were too expensive; he could mix and poor the concrete for the cost of a single bag of dry mortar. In her memory, it was a clear sky day, the blue dome yanking an ache from her chest as she craned to look over the roof peak. There was that patch of shingles a little darker gray than the rest. Daddy said that was water damage, a rip in the tar paper underneath. Emily didn’t need to knock on the door; it swung open to one of the worst days of her life.

* * *

“EM, SIT DOWN.” Daddy sounded funny. His voice was his voice, but he didn’t sound like he was in himself. “C’mere, honey.” He swept her up—always so easy, Daddy was stronger and bigger than anyone—and sat her on his bench of a thigh. Emily started crying in a slow leak that came from the surface of her. All the feeling beneath was flat and swamp-water cold—this was her father, a resignation, the death of some part himself. She knew it before he said it. “Your Mommy’s—” his voice broke over a sob, Emily’s came a nano-second after, a near perfect mirror. “She’s, uh,” he looked up at the ceiling, his eyes red and wet, “she’s not going to be here for dinner tonight, honey.”

* * *

TEARS SQUEEZED FROM Emily’s eyes now as her legs drew up under her on Charlie’s couch. She left the memory kitchen then, hopping off her father’s warm lap and allowing the house to digest her. Forward now a couple of days, the wake.

* * *

HER FATHER WAS seeing off the last of the well-wishers at the front door. He wasn’t crying on the outside, but Emily could feel it in his insides (their insides), sharp with grief and shredding against themselves. He was eating glass and it was tearing her to pieces. She sat on the stairs in her fancy black velour dress a few minutes after the last of the guests had left. Dishes of food heaped the counters and cards spilled from every available surface in the living room—polite, outsized confetti. 
Her mommy had been so pretty, but the casket had been closed. The man had pushed the gun into her mouth and pulled the trigger until she was empty. He’d been a patient of mommy’s; that much she understood from the little her father had told her. And when he had, a rage rattled within so great that the light around the edges of her vision flashed for a moment. But Daddy had only been able to talk about it a little before the black sadness welled up and took them both. It was too big to speak through, almost to breathe through. He’d been a patient that Mommy had tried to help and he’d done this to her, to them.
Emily sat on the stairs, awash in an emotion, some hers some her father’s. He drifted into the hallway holding a casserole—one of approximately three hundred—the neighbors and relatives had brought. He stared down into the mass of noodles and baked cheese. Who the hell was going to eat all this anyway?
“Why did they bring so much food, Dad?”
He looked up at the little crow perched at the top of the stairs.
“Huh?”
“How come they brought over so much food?”
“They think they’re helping out, honey.”
For a moment, they were both quiet. The house was a silent hole in the world. A car hushed past outside.
“It’s not like there’s more of us,” Emily said.
“I know, honey.”
“There’s less. There’s one less. We don’t need that much food. It’s stupid. They’re stupid.”
Emily stared at her father’s right hip, her eyes big and far away. They cleared and flashed to his. “You’re going to kill him, aren’t you, Daddy?”
She felt his anger rise, but knew it wasn’t for her. Whenever Daddy was angry with her there was always a little laughter behind it. This was for him, The Patient. The anger rose like a pillar, but the sadness followed. It flowed up the pillar like black ivy, cracking it, pulling it down. “I can’t.”
“Why not? You’re the police!” She stood up and gripped the railing. “You could take your gun.” She was speaking quickly now, seeing it. “You could find him and you could shoot him.” In her child’s mind it was like a shoot-out in an old western movie. The Patient in a tall black hat on a dusty street, her Daddy in his dress blues, the ones he wore today. The Patient would pull his gun, the one he’d used on Mommy, but Daddy’s big, veined hand would have already moved to his hip, yanking the big silver .375. There would be the huge POW! and a puff of white smoke from the barrel. The Patient would fall, clutching his chest.
“I CAN’T,” he shouted and threw the casserole to the floor. The glass dish exploded. For a moment, Andy Burton stood and looked at the mess of pasta and cheese and sauce. It was all over the floor and speckling the side of the staircase. It looked like gray matter. His shoulders hitched. He looked up at his daughter. “He’s already dead, Em. He killed himself right after he sh—,” his shoulders hitched and lowered, “right after he shot your mom.”
Andy turned and walked into the kitchen like it was a parade march. Emily turned and ran into the bathroom at the top of the steps. Andy leaned over the kitchen sink and Emily knelt down in front of the toilet. They both wept as they retched.

* * *

EMILY SAT UP straight on Charlie’s couch. Breakfast wanted to make a second appearance. She leaned over and stared at her feet—just breathe, it’ll pass. A minute later, she was better. What was going on with her? Emily thought she knew; it was Charlie. He’d opened her heart up again, and not only where the good feelings rising to the surface but the bad as well. Feelings that she could finally process on her own, free of outside interference. 
She scootched her butt to the edge of the couch and placed her hands on her knees. Emily took a deep breath, let it out and asked herself a question: “What do you feel?”
For a moment, she had nothing, just the white noise of all those other feelings misting against her skin, but nothing resolving of her own, nothing clear. She tried again, closing her eyes, breathing and asking the question. “What do you feel?” It was like an amnesiac staring into the Manhattan phone book and asking, “Which one of these is me?”
An image came now of an Old West town. Bleached woOdin sidewalks guarded an empty street paved with white dust. Buildings the color of Utah sandstone flanked the scene and black-eye windows ate the light. Wraiths of cloud smeared a hard blue sky. The sun fell like lead but there was no warmth. Like Janesville in January, the air was sterile, chill. 
She stood at one end of the street. There was nothing but her and the intermittent wind. A creak of old wood from the saloon. The batwing doors opened and a man in black stained the entrance. Shadow hid his face, but this was an old daydream for Emily. Any second now The Patient would amble out into the light, his black boots clocking on the scuffed planks. He would reach for that shitty little Saturday night special he’d used on Mommy, and then Daddy would appear and put him down.
He didn’t come out. He didn’t draw. He put an arm on each of the batwing doors and kind of leaned there, his head down, silent. Emily waited, watched. A sphere of russian thistle tumbled over the street and disappeared behind the empty general store. (On the couch, Emily’s brow wrinkled.) She called out to him. “Hey! You comin’ out or what?” He didn’t move. She moved a few steps toward him. Her footfalls jangled silver. In past daydreams it had always been Daddy in the street with The Patient, but his time he was nowhere. Emily put her left hand to her hip and found the pistol riding there. She knew it would be Daddy’s .357 before her fingers touched the oiled steel. He’d carried a Glock-19 in the last few years of his life, but back when Mommy had been taken from them it was still the big old .357. Emily stopped dead in front of the saloon.
“I asked you a question, mister. You comin’ out or not?”
The man raised his head and looked at Emily. She stepped back (ching!) and gasped. A pair of molten nickel eyes burned beneath the brim of his hat. A whisper rasped out like a gila monster’s tongue. “I feel you,” he said.
Emily opened her eyes. The man from the hospital waiting room, the Phobia Killer, Dr. Drummond Fine. That hadn’t felt like any daydream she’d ever had. That had felt like a…a, shit, she didn’t know. Like remembering backward? She hugged her shoulders. Emily looked around the small apartment. She had to get out of here for a while, she was just freaking herself out sitting alone and playing with her subconscious.
Twenty minutes later, she emerged into a late morning street, hazy blue with humidity, but cool for June. She hadn’t been to Central Park yet and you couldn’t be in New York without doing that. First thing’s first, though, she needed a guide and the guide she had in mind was under doctor’s orders to get more exercise anyway. A brisk walk would do him good. Emily flipped open her cell and dialed. A moment later she was hailing a cab and asking Samuels if he was ready to leave the hospital.
“You’re the hospital shuttle service then, Miss Emily?”
“Yes, but we’re only staying at your place long enough for you to get on your strolling shoes.” She threw a smile over the phone. “You’re showing me the park today.”
“A pretty woman and a fair weather day. Excellent. Ten minutes?”
“See you soon—wait. How’d you know it was a ‘fair weather’ day? Have you been out of the hospital already?”
Samuels threw a smile of his own. “You’d have asked me for a stroll in park if the weather was foul?”
“Right. Duh. Ten minutes. Bye.”
“Ciao.”
A yellow cab jerked over in response to her upturned arm, Emily climbed in and they drove away. A vintage, bottle-green VW Beetle puttered away from the curb half a block behind them. The driver kept a respectable distance from the cab. The car’s former owner lay folded in the trunk, a rigored claw clutching his chest in the dark.

* * *

“ONE WONDERS,” MUSED Samuels as they strolled along a path through a lightly-treed area of the park, “what this place was like before we hornswoggled it out from under those wild injuns.” 
The massive cubist architecture of the Metropolitan Museum of Art pushed up out of the earth. The obelisk of Cleopatra’s Needle sliced the breeze over their right shoulders. A pair of speed-walkers whispered by in space-age fabric. Emily watched them and their perk bottoms swish away into the mellow light. “Probably just like this,” she said. “But I’m gonna’ guess that the injuns didn’t speed walk in bacteria-resistant spandex.”
“No,” Samuels said. “I’m going to guess that this place was all very tall trees, low light and very little underbrush from the burning.”
“Burning?”
“The Indians periodically burned out the underbrush to make their hunts and travels easier. The trees were so old and huge that a little fire-clearing never hurt them.”
Samuels put his hand on Emily’s forearm, stopping them on the path as if to observe a deer in the wild without disturbing it. A burst of clever, old man shot up her arm but she blocked it, shifting the white noise wall over in that direction. She followed his gaze to the top of a knoll snuggled up next to the museum. An homeless man—not as old as Samuels, but close—sat with his shirtless back to the sun. Long white hair, course and dirty, flowed over his bronzed shoulders. His musculature was arboreal—a man/tree combination. He pulled a New York Times out of an old duffel and opened it with a smart snap and fold.
“If he were missing an eye,” Samuels whispered, “I would tell you that we were looking at Odin.”
“Odin? Like Thor and Loki? That Odin?”
Samuels turned a broad grin on her. “You continue to impress. I was under the impression they only taught Christian mythology in the Middle West.”
“Pretty much did, but you can’t keep that kind of thing out of Saturday morning cartoons. So, how come a semi-retired accountant knows about Norse gods?” They started walking again. “Thought you people were only good for crunching numbers.”
They took a slow right toward the lake and began an amble up Cedar Hill. A shirtless man covered in tattoos and ropy muscle played Frisbee with a yapping Jack Russell terrier. 
“It’s a more interesting question than you might think. It’s true that I see the world in terms of numbers and balance; equations.” Samuels clasped his hands behind his back and looked skyward. “You know, it’s rather like filling in potholes. Or, at least, it feels like that.”
Emily resisted the reflex to reach out and taste his feelings. “Not sure I follow you.”
“Well, I suppose it’s a bit obsessive, but by solving various imbalances in the world, I feel as though I’m filling in potholes, smoothing over the imperfections. It’s just how I experience things.” He was quiet a moment. “It’s kind of lazy of me, to tell the truth.”
“Lazy?”
“Let me give you an example: If I were to look at a painting with the eye of a computer—and I mean computer in the classic sense, one who computes.”
“Okay.”
“I would see a colors and shapes, textures. Now, if the painting were a very good one in the classic sense, I would see very little to fix. The colors would complement one another; the shapes would fill equivalent spaces. Neither side of the painting would be heavier than the other. Does this make any sense to you?”
“Sort of? But, I mean, isn’t the best art asymmetrical?”
They crested the top of cedar hill. The leaves of a cherry blossom shivered over pewter bark. Samuels turned and surveyed the hillside with its myriad sunbathers. “There,” he said, “does this distribution of skin cancer seekers look balanced to you?”
Emily let her eyes roll over the waves of green grass and the bodies floating on them. “No, there are more people over toward the left than the right.”
“That’s right. If we use that heavy woman in the blue bikini as our median point for the space, we have exactly thirty-five people on the left and twenty-one on the right.”
Emily took a moment to count, but had to do it twice because the people were arrayed randomly. “Jesus, you just knew how many of them there are by glancing?”
“No, I’m not like one of those marvelous and pathetic autistic people you read about who can count toothpicks and know the square root of the first twenty digits of Pi and so on. No, I was just counting them as we walked. I’m always doing that—counting, taking stock, filling in internal inventories. Just an old habit, but as I said the way I experience the world.”
“But lazy, right? I still don’t get that.”
Samuels looked back down the hill and took a deep breath. “The shade of blue on the fat woman’s bikini reminds me very much of a cornflower sky I saw over an Iowa farm field when I was very young. I kissed a beautiful girl in that field. The rocks jutting up through the grass are solid, crystalline conduits directly to the heart of the earth herself.”
Emily smiled, saw the world through his eyes, nodded. 
“You see, it takes work for me to see the world that way. The numbers are just there, but if I don’t use my other eyes, I’ll miss so much of the rest.”
They moved on and their conversation made way for the sounds of the park: more fitness folk padding, running, rolling by; the occasional shout of a child; a distant siren wail; the roar of the city’s breath. Sunlight dripped through oak and sycamore that had seen decidedly fewer than five-hundred summers, pointilizing the concrete walk, slipping over the toes of their shoes. They sighed in unison, but Samuels spoke first.
“And how is the other thing?”
“The thing with my mind picking up other people’s feelings? The thing about maybe killing myself if I can’t make it stop?”
“That thing, yes.”
Emily looked over at Samuels and realized that she had never seen him dressed this way: casual red linen shirt, gray slacks, worn but clean loafers. You’d never know he wore a doorman’s brass-buttoned coat a few days before, and more recently, a paper hospital gown. He was an accountant, a widower. He knew about ancient forests and the First Peoples who had moved through them. And he believed her. She stopped him with a gentle hand on his liver-spotted forearm. “I’m not going to do it.”
Samuels took Emily’s hands and surprised her by leaning in and kissing her on the head. He squeezed her hands and let one of them drop, electing to hold the other one as they continued on their walk. “What changed?” he asked.
“Nothing,” she said. “The experiment seems to have worked. I can still feel all of THEM but only as that white noise I told you about, nothing more distinct. In fact, even the white noise is beginning to fade. It’s like I know it’s there, but I’m getting so used to it I hardly even notice anymore.”
“Same as it not even being there?”
“Close enough.”
A woman in a sundress splashed with banana-yellow flowers wiggled by after a micro-dog on the end of a red patent-leather leash. She jabbered into her cell phone, dopplering up to and then past them.
“…that she had any idea that what his really real motivation was about…”
“How’s Marty…Michael…Marty, whatever. How’s he doing?” Emily asked.
“Michael-Marty-Whatever, is doing very well. He’s to be released in the next couple of days pending another round of tests.”
“What are they looking for? I mean, I thought they already knew that it was just his congenital thing.”
“Yes, but of course they have to check everything and check it twice. Actually the last time I was in his room, one of the shmoks they’re attempting to pawn off as physicians came in reading from a clip board. Marty was lacquering her nails for the fifth time in an hour—I was getting light-headed from the acetate—and when the shmok looked up he paused.”
Emily giggled.
“Yes, quite, right, I was holding my own mirth in check. Anyway, the young man paused and our Marty raised her painted-on eyebrows and without skipping a beat said, ‘I knew it. I’m fuckin’ pregnant.’”
They were just entering the cool of a tunnel under a stone bridge that arched over the path. Emily’s laughter rang against the stones and chipped a sparrow from its hidden perch. It piped its outrage and flashed into the sunlight on the other side.
A man stepped into the tunnel facing them.
Emily’s laughter fell frozen from the air. She could feel him instantly, a miasma pushing against her head and then through like her skull was the rind of a rotten fruit. She winced and jerked her hand out of Samuels’s. A silent snarl wound her features into a wedge. Her hands grew into claws. A low hum, almost a growl, sluiced in her throat.
Samuels looked from Emily to the silhouette at the other end of the tunnel. Whomever it was just stood there, a pylon. Samuels’s heart began to race. He looked back at Emily. Her eyes were squeezed into slits. The man at the other end of the tunnel tilted his head to the side. The skin on the half of Samuels’s body nearest to Emily spiked in gooseflesh. A whiff of something that reminded him of an electric train crackled in his nose. He’d believed Emily before about her having some kind of psi-ability, but nothing like this. Samuels took a step away from her and glanced again at the man in the tunnel. 
“Hello, Emily,” the man said. His voice was as flat as the light, revealing nothing. But Samuels could feel him like a bad smell. Something was happening to him. He was being affected, taking radiation from these two. “I think you might remember me from a few days ago at the hospital.”
Emily could barely speak. His dead rage closed her throat and burned in her chest. The arches of her feet ached. She wanted to charge him like a bull. 
“Drummond Fuh-Fine,” she stammered. “Phobia Kuh-Killer.” 
With a sound like wax paper being balled up, a thin crack unzipped the pavement beneath her feet and stopped just short of Fine’s tennis shoes. Dust sifted from the roof of the tunnel. 
Fine looked down at the crack and took a step toward her. “I’d like a word with you.”
“Samuels,” Emily hissed out of the side of her mouth. “You nuh-need to guh-go.” He didn’t answer. She wrenched her eyes away from the shadow man at the end of the tunnel over to find Samuels down on one knee, clutching his chest.
“I can feel the old man’s ticker. I’ve got his whole world in my hand, so to speak.” Fine bore down and Samuels yelped, now grabbing his left arm. “Things have changed since you and I first saw one another.”
Emily’s eyes quick-scanned the tunnel, but there was nothing for her to pick up with her mind and hurl. It was like standing in the barrel of a huge cannon. A flash of the hand print embossed in the grill of that SUV flitted behind her eyes. She didn’t need to throw anything. Light appeared under Fine’s feet as she picked him up. Samuels let out a relieved “Ahhh,” as Fine’s startled grip released him. Emily hesitated a moment to see that he was all right and phosphorus ignited in her chest. She would have shrieked but the pain was too great and there was no air. 
Fine dropped to the ground with Astaire-like grace. “I see things have changed for you as well. That adds a certain dimension to the situation.”
Samuels backed up against the wall of the tunnel. His head was spinning. Would these be his last few moments? What a strange end it would make. An unlikely end really. The chances were greater that someone would come along in a few seconds and interrupt the scene. In fact, the chances that a man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans would mosey through the tunnel from Fine’s side in the next 12.7 seconds were exactly 1 in 4. Samuels blinked. What the in the name of? Now it was 1 in 2. Now it was…
“Hey, is she okay?”
Fine whirled on the man who had just strolled up behind him. “What?” he barked. “What do you? Huh?” He turned back around but Emily and Samuels were gone.

* * *

BAST, THE ANCIENT Egyptian Goddess of health and healing (among other things not so nice), watched over Emily and Samuels as they sat panting on a bench in the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Egypt and Medicine exhibit. Four ten-foot tall cat-headed women overlooked their bench and the reflecting pool beyond. Emily had sprinted most of the way, dragging Samuels along an inch off the ground. In his shock he believed he was running along next to her, even though he knew it was next to impossible. In fact, he knew precisely the probability of everything upon which he concentrated.
After a few minutes to catch their breath, hearts still bruised and aching, Samuels said, “You’ve infected me. You and your friend back there.”
Emily sat back. “Friend? Fuck you, Samuels.”
He gripped the edge of the bench and bowed his head, sighing. “I’m sorry. I’m just terribly afraid right now.”
Emily took a shaking breath. “Yeah, me too. I shouldn’t have cussed at you like that.”
“Yes, you should really work on your ability to empathize with people.”
“Cute.”
Emily looked up at the Bast statue second from the right. They were all nearly identical, but the noses were slightly different. It was a strange effect, the scantily clad body of a young woman with the head of a lioness. Emily smirked. She and Bast had the same size boobs. 
“How the hell did he know where to find me?”
The question pushed Samuels back into his mind. He saw their encounter under the bridge as a single point, all the contingencies and possibilities radiated out in glowing strings in every direction. Images of people and places pulsed along their lengths. The probability of Fine just guessing where they would be and exactly when, was a flickering, waning ghost. The string representing Fine going through the files at the hospital to find Charlie’s address was more substantial, and the string representing Fine following them was even brighter. But the contingency string of Fine torturing a young man with dark hair for the information of where Emily could be found and then of Fine following her from Charlie’s apartment to the park was glowed like a live wire. Now his mind took a turn and calculated the probabilities of any of the other contingencies being true. He knew exactly how many others there were. Four tenths and three one-hundredths of a second after Emily asked the question, Samuels muttered, “I have the strand.”
She turned to him, “What?”
His eyes cleared and he looked at her. “The probability that Fine kidnapped Charlie’s friend with the dark hair and glasses and got his address from him is the greatest, about one in one-point-zero-zero-zero-three-seven-four… It keeps going.”
The Bast quartet just stared. So did Emily. “I don’t get it.”
Samuels leaned over and reached a hand into the reflecting pool next to them. He came out with a penny that looked like a chip of dark jade. He handed it to Emily. “You know how to skip stones, right?”
“I don’t understand.”
“I know. You know how to skip a stone?”
“Yes.”
“Skip this penny across the water and I’ll explain what I think is happening.”
“But—”
Samuels held up a deeply lined palm. “Indulge me.”
Emily sighed, cocked her arm—flash of her and Daddy at Lenders Pond a hundred-thousand years ago—and slung her hand out, allowing the penny to roll along and off the inside of her index finger. Before the penny hit the surface of the water, Samuels said, “Five.”
Splash, splash, splash, spl-splash.
“Lucky guess,” Emily said. “I still don’t get what you’re doing. What are you doing?”
“That was a good one. I can only ever get three at most,” he said and handed her another. “Try it again.”
The coin was cold, like a river stone. A Chinese boy with a patient face watched as Emily cocked her hand back again. “Should I make a wish?”
“Five,” Samuels said.
Emily slung her hand and the tiny flying saucer slashed out over the water. It nicked the surface one, two, three, four, and was yanked under on the fifth. “Huh,” she said. “Five again. What are the chances of that?”
“One in five-hundred, fifty-seven thousand, two-hundred twenty-one point seven and a shitload of threes.”
Emily reached into the water and scraped out a handful of pennies. She zipped them out over the water rapid fire. With each throw Samuels called a number: “Three. Two. Four. Six—ooh, good one. Three.” Emily stopped. For a minute she was quiet then looked at him. The Chinese boy beamed.
“Why didn’t you tell me you had a, a thing like mine before? A power.”
“Because there wasn’t anything to tell you about until a few minutes ago. You and that man, Fine… Something happened to me when the two of you rubbed up against each other.”
“Something.”
“I don’t know, but it’s like you switched something on in me.”
“Why didn’t it happen before?”
Samuels’s head tilted. “One in one-point-zero-zero-zero-seven-etc. that it was because and you and Fine were using your powers at the same time and I was connected to the both of you.”
“But how, exactly? I mean like what are the mechanics?”
“I don’t know,” he said. “I don’t have the strand on that.”
“And what’s that mean—you don’t have the strand?”
“It’s how it appears in my head. I’m seeing strings, strands of probability radiating from a central point, an event. I can see how many strings or contingencies there are and which one is the most likely. That’s the strand.”
Emily leaned in. “How far ahead can you look?”
“Well, this is all brand new. Aside from a few pennies and whether or not I was going to die at the psychic hands of that maniac, I’ve never used this before. Why?”
“I’m thinking lottery ticket, here.”
Samuels looked through the triangles of tessellated glass that made up the west wall of the great room where they sat with the ancient gods. The park rolled away outside the windows, tourists strolled, New Yorkers strolled faster, an unseen cloud passed over the sun and inked the air. “What was he doing to us? It felt like I was having a heart attack again, but it was different. External.”
“Like the pain was a pressure from outside your body?”
“Just so.”
“He got me with that, too. If that guy hadn’t come along…”
“Can you do that, Emily? Reach into someone like that?”
“I don’t think so. No, I think I have to be able to see what I’m moving.”
“How do you know?”
Emily blushed.
“What?”
“Last night I was trying to, um, play a little with Charlie.” She couldn’t finish. 
Samuels let out a tired chuckle. “Had his trousers on?”
She looked away, her cheeks absolutely burning. “Yeah.” She switched back to 
the original line. “I don’t know why Fine can do what he does. Maybe it’s because he’s already so fixated on giving people heart attacks.”
“Except now he doesn’t have to terrorize them to death. He can just reach in and squeeze.”
Emily shuddered and absently chucked another penny out over the water.
“Four.”
“Hey,” she said. “Lemme’ see your hands.”
Samuels held them out. “Why?” Aside from a slight old-man tremor, they were still.
“Lucky duck,” she said. She still had to use her power against herself to still her hand. She wished she could just let it shake, but if Charlie saw he’d get worried and… Emily suddenly went cold. “Samuels, what are the chances that Fine will go looking for Charlie now that we’ve gotten away from him?”
Samuels titled his head to the side. After a moment his eyes cleared. “We should find him right now.”


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 23

DRUM WAS NOT an impatient man. He strolled through the park, contemplating his options. Time was money: accrued and spent. You wanted something, you had to wait for it. If his suspicions about Emily’s empathic power were correct, she was worth a wait. She could be the gateway to the fears of every man, woman and disgusting, snot-nosed child in the city. If he could force her to tap into them all and then tap into her, he would experience the greatest burst of terror imaginable. If only he hadn’t lost her under the bridge. Well, patience. He had other options. The boyfriend for one. The MRI tech had told him where to find him as well. (A remarkable feat considering how little of his lips were left at the time.) 
As he walked by Bethesda Fountain—an angel statue showering divine love and septic water on the masses—Drum considered the logistics. He would have to incapacitate Emily physically as well as convince her not to use her apparent new telekinetic ability. Her new trick was impressive, but not as precise as his own power. He had a scalpel, she a broadsword. Why lift him off the ground like a nightclub bouncer? Why hadn’t she burst a blood vessel in his brain, or squeeze his heart? It was incidental. The greatest concern was to ensure that all the minds in the city felt terror when he forced Emily to open and focus on them. Otherwise it would be an exercise in crowd noise when what he wanted was a chorus of a single, terrified note.
Drum walked up the steps and past the small marble amphitheater decorated by skate punks dangling their booted legs over the stage. He moved on toward the roller disco and its informal troupe of kinetic eccentrics. A black man, muscles inflated to gigantic proportion, twirled like a ballerina. An old woman in a pink jumpsuit slid by backward, her skates weaving a perfect double helix. She held out a hand and exchanged a casual high-five with the black guy as they passed. Drum smiled and they both dropped dead.
He remembered his first mass frenzy on Fifth Avenue the other day. What was it that helpful soul had shouted as the bodies began to pile?
Gas! Gas! The terrorists are gassing us!
It would take a poisonous rumor or two. Sirens began to wail toward the roller disco. Drum focused. Right, first thing was first. It was time to get back to the hospital. He needed to consult with a nurse.

* * *

CHARLIE LOVED BEING an ED nurse more than any other type of hospital work. He’d tried several specialties, but in the ER, someone came in with trouble and you took care of it. It was quick and simple and you always knew what good you did or did not do. On an interesting day Charlie got to do this with at least twenty people. 
Charlie was having an interesting day. He’d only been on shift since about noon and in the last three hours he’d seen three broken bones, a gunshot wound (self-inflicted), and a near-fatal encounter with an electrical transformer. The last was the most notable. The transformer box on the side of a power pole had somehow gone hot and some poor sucker had leaned up against it. Con-Ed flared on his back in perfect white lettering set in a charcoal corona. The guy was going to make it, and with a decent lawyer, he’d have a meal ticket for the rest of his embossed life.
He was just grabbing some chair-time for the first time that day, leaning back with a really shitty cup of coffee, when a page came through from the front desk. He took a sip, grimaced and trotted into the white linoleum hall, his tennis shoes squeaking. Detective Bilko was standing by the desk.
“Mr. Dunbar.”
“Charlie, please.” Charlie smiled and stuck out his hand. “What can I do for you Detective? This about Fine or McCafferty or...?”
“Is there somewhere we can talk?”
“Yeah, sure. Doctors’ conference room is empty. C’mon.” Charlie led the way down the hall and into a small room with two couches facing one another across a small coffee table. Charlie copped a squat on one and Bilko on the other. Just as she opened her mouth, Charlie jumped up, “Two seconds,” he said and rushed out of the room. Bilko raised a penciled-in eyebrow and waited. Charlie popped back in with his cup of coffee in one hand and a fresh cup, relatively, for the detective. “I’m assuming you need this as much as I do.”
Bilko took the coffee. “Thank you.” They grimaced simultaneously. “Jesus, that’s worse than ours,” she said.
“But it’s got nine essential vitamins and minerals.”
“Really?”
“No.”
“Listen, Charlie, you’re up to speed on the Phobia Killer case.”
“You catch him yet or what?”
“We’re still having trouble on that. You’re aware that he’s already killed one officer and abducted another.”
Charlie nodded over the rim of his coffee cup.
“Well, it gets better. There’s been a new development concerning your friend, Emily Burton.”
“Emily?” He sat up. “What?”
“She’s completely okay. We have her at the station in protective custody with her friend,” she squinted at a PDA, “Aaron Samuels.” Charlie noticed dark circles under the cop’s eyes. “They were both confronted by Fine in Central Park not an hour ago. Apparently, she attempted to contact you on your mobile phone first but couldn’t get through.”
“Some hospitals got jammers. Cell phones can mess with some of the wireless tech we have. Used to just ask visitors to turn the damn things off, but people ignored us so they installed the jammers. It would’ve gone through at Sinai. Just not here.”
“Jeez, it’s getting to be like Star Wars all over the place, isn’t it?” She held up the PDA. “I still don’t know half the stuff this thing can do.” 
“Why didn’t she just call the front desk?” Charlie said, then answered his own question. “Because I didn’t tell her which hospital I was at today.”
“Correct. We had to call your agency to track you down.”
“So, not that it’s not wonderful to see you again, Detective, but I’m wondering why you’re here. Why not just call or send a uniform?”
“This is probably something you’re not going to like very much, Mr. Dunbar.”
“Charlie.”
“Charlie. Yeah, okay, look: Miss Burton is convinced that Fine is after her now. She won’t say why, but she’s certain about it and so is Mr. Samuels. I believe them and I don’t think it’s just trauma from dealing with that sick fucker in the park. Pardon my language.”
“Not a fucking problem.”
Bilko almost smiled. “Emily’s also convinced that Fine’s going to come after you to get to her. In fact, she thinks that he was able to find her in the first place because he had your address.”
“How’d he get my address?”
“She wouldn’t go into that.” Bilko sighed and sat back into the couch cushions. For a moment, she just closed her eyes and breathed. Charlie thought she might be asleep, but then she said, “She’s holding something back, but I don’t think it’s a bad. I think she’s afraid and doesn’t trust me enough to tell me.”
“But you think she’s got information that can help you get Fine?”
“No,” she opened her eyes. “No, I don’t think that. I think she would tell me if she knew something like that. She’s just scared of something.”
“Maybe she’ll tell me when I see her?”
“Actually, I’d rather you didn’t.”
“Sorry? Is she in trouble?”
“No, no. She can leave whenever she likes. She knows she’s safe with us. She’s just hanging out with her friend Samuels and entertaining the uniforms.”
“Her dad was a cop.” He laughed. “She’s probably juggling bullets or something.”
“Ah.” Bilko smiled and the smile faded. “There’s no nice way to say this. We want to use you as bait for Fine.”
“You really think he’s going to come after me? Won’t he figure out that Emily’s smart enough to have gone to you guys?”
“I think that’s true, yes. I also think that if he really does want her, but can’t get her, he’ll come after the next best thing: You.”
“So what do you want me to do? Just sit on a hook like a good little nightcrawler until he makes a grab?”
“Pretty much. We want you to finish your shift as normal. We’ve already got plain-clothes officers stationed all around the hospital. If he makes a play, we’ll grab him.”
Charlie felt a bead of sweat itch and sting its way out of his armpit. “I’m, uh, I’m not really sure. I mean, shit, what if he doesn’t do anything here and then tries to get me at home? I’d love to help you get this guy, but—”
“We’ll have officers stationed outside your apartment as well. He’s not going to be able to get anywhere near you. We just want you to flush him into the open. When he’s visible, we’ll throw the net.” She was quiet a moment, letting him think. “He’s still got that officer he abducted earlier. We don’t know if she’s alive or not, but her kids would like some resolution one way or another on that one.”
Charlie stared at her. “Now, I have to fucking say ‘yes’, right? Fuck.”
“Try to understand: If we position you out front, we’re in control of the set-up and we have the initiative. If we just keep chasing him on his terms… Look, he killed one armed officer and abducted another. We need your help here, Charlie.”
“I can practically feel the fishhook up my ass.”
Bilko nodded and took another sip of coffee. “God-damn that’s bad.”

* * *

THE REST OF the day rolled by about fast as congealed blood. Charlie knew the two undercovers were around, but for the most part he never saw them. Once, he’d caught a flash of the one with the red hair—very inconspicuous, that one. Bilko had introduced both of them before she’d left, but Charlie had yet to lay eyes on the Asian one since. He was good. Detective Kimata was on-loan from D.C. Homicide: some kind of exchange program. The redhead was Reeves and would look like he was fourteen until he was a hundred and fourteen. 
Charlie checked his watch against the pulse of a young woman walk-in complaining of shortness of breath. A plastic clothespin pinched her finger, sending data to a monitor that measured both pulse and oxygen levels, but he didn’t trust the machine. 
“My chest be all tight,” she said, left hand flapping around her breast bone. Her eyes went wide, white. “You think the terrorists be gassing again?”
Charlie dropped her wrist gently. He had the count at three BPM slower than the monitor, but it wasn’t enough to matter. She was talking about that strange incident on Fifth the other day. “You mean that thing with all those people having infarctions at the same time.”
“What you mean infractions? Newspaper say they all had heart attacks.”
Charlie rolled up her sleeve and slipped a blood pressure cuff around her arm. She had a tattoo of a bunny with “Lil’ Boo” inked on her biceps. It looked like cheap work. He made a mental note to recommend the lab check for Hep-C. 
“Same thing. Infarction is a kind of heart attack.” He squeezed the bulb and the cuff inflated around her arm. “Just don’t move a sec’.” He checked his watch again, counting beats and noticing that he was off in another few minutes. “There,” he said, releasing the cuff with a hiss. “You’re good. One-ten over seventy-five is great.”
“I feel okay now,” she said. “I don’t know what was up with my stuff earlier.”
“What happened just before you came in?”
“I was rolling up East Ninth and I just started wheezing, you know? I was running to catch a number three bus.”
Charlie gave her an easy smile. He’d seen hard days too. “Ended up catching an ambulance instead.”
She returned it, sheepish. He was cute for a short white boy. “Yeah. Guess I did. Stupid job kept me late.”
“I get that.” Charlie said, glancing at her chart. “You got asthma, Tisha?”
“Sometimes, but not like I use one of them puffer things.” She double-pumped the air with her thumb and forefinger. “My cousin, Raymond? He use one.”
“Well, today was a bad air quality day and sometimes asthma gets worse as you get older. A lot of the time actually. When the doc comes over, you tell him about your cousin, okay? Tell him about running, too.”
“You leaving?”
He smiled and gave her hand a quick squeeze. “Yeah, sugar, I got to go. My day’s over. You okay now? I don’t need to get the de-fib paddles for you?”
“The what?”
Charlie put his fists against his chest and jerked. “Clear!”
She smiled and waved him off. “No need, no need. I be all right.”
“Stay that way now.” He smiled and walked off.
Ten minutes later Charlie stood in his blue scrubs on the corner of Fulton and Anne, waiting for the light to turn. He wiped the sweat from his brow. The leaves on the little sidewalk trees in front of the hospital looked like rags, the sky was a lead sheet over the Hudson. A sear in the wavering air marked the sun behind the soup. The city’s breath stank of car exhaust, garbage and urine. It was the first really disgusting day of summer and it was only going to get worse. He’d said as much earlier, making small talk with his two new undercover shadows. Kimata had laughed and said something about D.C. and real heat.
The light flipped and Charlie surged across the sticky asphalt in a small crowd of working stiffs. One of them had red hair and clumped along in what could only be described as “cop shoes”. Charlie scanned the crowd for Kimata, but the D.C. exchange cop was nowhere he could see. Probably off getting a doughnut, or—Bang!—a jogger brushed past. He muttered, “Sorry, man. Sorry,” and padded up the block. Just as he took the corner, the jogger threw Charlie a sliver of eye contact. Kimata. Charlie tried not to smile. He cast a glance over at Reeves. Kid hadn’t even noticed.
Charlie trudged down the block not noticing the heat or the way the bottom of his sneakers stuck to the sidewalk. He didn’t notice the panhandlers. He didn’t catch the cloud of flies whining over an open trash can or the bars of cooler air in the shadows of skyscrapers. He thought about Fine. The Phobia Killer was out there. He was looking for him. He was going to hurt him to get to Emily. Jesus, he couldn’t believe this. Who had a life like this?
Charlie walked by a storefront psychic and palm reader. The sign was a big hand surrounded by a mystic aura of flaking paint. Charlie thought about that MRI scan that Harlan had taken of Fine. It had been an awful lot like Emily’s.
When Charlie had spoken to Bilko that afternoon, she’d said that Emily and Samuels were being moved to a safe location until the cops could get to Fine. Which was where Charlie rode in on his big fucking white horse. Jesus, what if Fine could do the same shit Emily could do? It’s not like he could have brought up that possibility with Bilko. But officer, what if Darth Phobia just yanks the door off its hinges and throws me out the window without even touching me? What? Why are you looking at me like that?
God, he wished he could just talk to Em. They’d taken his cell phone—too easy to eavesdrop. Apparently, any jackass with twenty bucks and access to a Radio Shack could listen in. They couldn’t take the chance that Fine was any jackass. If he could just call her and find out what happened in the park with Samuels…
Years ago, Charlie had spoiled himself with a trip to Jamaica and gone snorkeling in silty water. Floating alone—the sun streaming in bars past his head and dragging his sight line into the gloom—he’d felt eyes. Sharks, barracuda, moray eels—shadows in the deep. He’d hauled ass out of the water so fast, he’d bloodied his toes on some coral. 
Fine was out there, watching him, circling. 
“Hey! Watch where you’re fucking going.”
Charlie looked into a red, sweaty face—just some mook on his way home that Charlie had almost run over. “S’cuse me.” He pushed past and kept going. Couldn’t blame the guy. It was hot as hell and Charlie hadn’t been paying attention. People, especially New Yorkers, got testy in the heat. Charlie hugged his arms and rubbed. He was fucking freezing.

* * *

DRUM SCENTED CHARLIE’S anxiety like a fine mist of blood on the air. No need to keep him in sight as long as he reeked of fear. Three blocks back and one block over, Drum loped slowly along, a plastic bag swinging at his side. His long gait matched Charlie’s shorter, quicker stride. An overhead spy camera would make them out as two ants scuttling in the same direction along staggered paths. Drum was aware of the cops as well. The young one tailed the nurse like a terrier barely in control of its own bladder, pissing excitement and self-importance all over the sidewalk. The Asian one was proving more difficult. Drum stretched out and tried to find him, frowned—he’d dropped off the radar. His feelings had been easy enough to latch onto at the hospital, all that false cool and world weariness covered a precision and respect for danger that Drum found unique. The increased distance smeared the Asian cop’s signature into the miasma of Mid-town sarcasm and edge.
Drum had arrived at the hospital looking to take Charlie there, just as Bilko had hoped, but he wasn’t about to hand himself to them. The air in the place had been charged with anticipation and fear. He was powerful, but they had the advantage. He would take that back. Drum tightened his grip on the bag. At least his trip to the hospital hadn’t been a total waste. The facets of his plan were arranging themselves into a perfect matrix almost too easily. He would make sure Charlie went to his apartment and then allow the police to settle themselves. After that it was just one more stop off at the local drug store.
A bounce romped into his step. In spite of the heat, he wanted to skip. In another two or three hours, the city would be roiling in panic. Soon after, he would summon the woman and taste it all. He did skip once and caught himself. He stood outside of the greatest theme park in the world and was the only little boy in line.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 24

THE RADIO SQUAWKED, “What’s a five letter word for ‘surveil’ ending in ‘ch’.” Chris Kimata had the handset on the windowsill of his perch, a room in an ancient hotel that smelled of cabbage and a long line of former occupants. His mouth quirked under the giant insect eyes of a pair of binoculars. He grabbed the radio and pressed the send button, “Watch,” he said, and then returned his amplified sight back to the apartment window across the street. 
His back was killing him: he’d sweated out half of a two liter bottle of water and the other half was trying to explode his bladder. The bathroom was just down the hall, but Kimata was the eyes for this little op. Reeves—playing lost tourist, scowling behind a map in the front seat of his unmarked on the street below—was the legs. If Kimata saw the target he would radio Reeves who would call in for back-up and pounce. It was a regular plan, square and simple. Chris sighed and shifted in his seat. It sucked. He couldn’t exactly say why, but it felt all kinds of bad. He hated feeling like this. Problem was he was usually right.
“What’s a seven letter word for ‘basic’? Starts with ‘a’.” Reeves paused. “Basic? What the fuck are they talking about?”
“Ammonia,” Kimata said. “Stop screwing around on the radio.” His bladder was a balloon in his gut, a bowling ball. Ammonia. The universe fucking hated him. Kimata panned the binocs to the living room window. Charlie was just sitting around watching television, a mostly un-eaten sandwich on the coffee table. Chris wanted a sandwich. He sighed and pressed the send button. “Reeves? My teeth are floating. Keep your eyes open for a minute, copy?”
“Drainin’ the lizard, copy.”
Kimata squinted at Charlie’s TV, someone in a suit and very square hair was talking about a little picture that floated off his left shoulder. Chris couldn’t tell what the little picture was. He put down the binocs and duck-walked into the hall. He opened the door and exchanged old cabbage for ancient sweat socks and cigarette smoke. The bathroom was at least unoccupied. Decorated in early Chainsaw Massacre: stark, dirty, harshly lit, but with an empty and functioning toilet. Chris unzipped and opened the mains, releasing a huge sigh. Something skittered in his peripheral vision, but the firehose stream tied him to the bowl. Probably nothing he wanted to see anyway. He used his foot to flush. 
Kimata floated back to the window in a state of Zen relief and plopped into the squeaky desk chair his ass-cheeks were beginning to call home. He checked that Charlie was still riveted to the idiot box and picked up the radio. He was just thumbing the send button when it shrieked in his hand.
“All units, all units-- Respond code 139, corner of 94th and Broadway. Code 139. Repeat all units—this is a code 139 at the corner of 94th and Broadway.”
Kimata looked down at the street just as Reeves’s unmarked screamed away from the curb in a cloud of burnt rubber. He jumped up from the chair hard enough to knock it over and leaned out the window. 94th and Broad was just up the block from them. A crowd was boiling down the street away from the location of the all-units. The faces were as varied as multicolored river stones, but their wide, white eyes made them a single swarming species. Kimata squinted as Reeves’s big sedan slowed (just in time) to gently part the crowd and push toward the disturbance. Just beyond, Kimata could see the cause of their fear and of the code. A 139 meant a possible terrorist strike. A cloud of wispy gas the color of a smoker’s teeth billowed from the broken front window of a market.
Kimata stared. “Oh, fuck me.” 
A flicker of motion in the peripheral turned his head in time to catch a foot, a man’s shoe, disappearing into the front entrance of Charlie’s apartment building as the swarm flowed past. Kimata sighed and looked at the ceiling. The paint was cracked and yellowed. He could hear the screams now over the radio’s repeated calls for all units to respond. Sirens began to answer in the distance. “Oh, fuck me,” Kimata repeated. “I hate being right.”

* * *

THE BOMB’S BEAUTY was its simplicity. Easy to construct, and the plans were even easier to find. It had taken Drum ten minutes and the cost of an overpriced cup of coffee at the Cyber Café five blocks away from the little nursey-nurse’s apartment to get the formula. He’d already known the ingredients for chlorine gas as any med school grad would.
The challenge was the delivery system, but as always, Dr. Drummond Fine was able to count on the minds of the disturbed to see him through. And the disturbed just seemed to adore the World Wide Web. Clever little spiders, spinning anarchy. It wasn’t a question of finding a device, but which to choose. There were those that relied on timers, some electronic, some chemical. www.blowupyourmom.com recommended a cell phone detonator that appealed to the gadget-lover in Drum, but in the end he went with simplicity. Chuckling to himself and sipping on his double-shot latte with caramel whip, Drum chose a fan, a bucket of bleach, a container of ammonia and gravity. 
After that it was just a matter of finding a relatively crowded restaurant near Charlie’s apartment (not difficult in the upper West Side just off the Park) and mixing his cocktail. He thought of including some sort of explosive device for dramatic effect, but procuring a cherry bomb on short notice required more energy than the matter warranted. It was, after all, just the smoke and mirror portion. The main part of trick—the disappearing act—would come later.
Drum stepped into HOMEoPaTH, a vegan tea house just up the street from Charlie’s apartment building. Sweat and grime painted him with air-conditioned bliss and for a moment he slumped. This was the first time he stopped to realize how tired he was. The thrill, the power, the danger of his adventures had replaced his blood with electrical current, but he was still just a man. A man with the power of a god, but those powers were encased in the same delicate meat as the rest of humanity. He thought of Harlan and Sharon dehydrating in the warehouse, the withering body in the trunk of the stolen VW, and Emily—he just had so many irons in the fire right now. His eyes flashed the orange and green interior of HOMEoPaTH as the hostess approached him.
“Just you, sir?” she asked, trying like everyone else not to be obvious about his eyes.
“Yes.”
She glanced at the big plastic bag, printed with a big red dart that Drum held in his left hand. “Don’t worry, our AC works great.”
“I’m sorry?”
“Just looks like your AC must’ve died.” She pointed at the big box fan dangling from its handle in Drum’s other hand. “I live right around the corner. I go to Dart Hardware’s all the time.”
Drum diagnosed, “You’ve recently moved here from the Midwest.”
“How’d you guess that? Do I have an accent or something?”
“There are enough actresses here already.”
“I’m sorry?”
“A table in the back.”
“Of course,” she blinked, her smile a linoleum knife, and yanked a menu from a stack by the door. “Follow me, please.”
Drum ordered a plate of basmati rice and a bottle of water the menu claimed to have come from rain clouds blessed by Tibetan monks. He held up the water and stared at the restaurant through its lens. The store front was deceptively small. HOMEoPaTH had a cavernous interior, a main floor ringed by a balcony of tables. Large, chrome ceiling fans beat the air into a pulsing breeze. At least fifty diners wavered and melted in Drum’s bottle. A woman was breaking up with her male lover in one of the upper-floor tables. That mixture of surprise, anger and sad shame was unmistakable. Most of them felt happy. Americans are almost always happy when they’re eating. Drum smirked. Moo.
He waited until a pile of rice steamed in front of him before going to the restroom. He took his bag and fan with him; it was Manhattan, everything that wasn’t nailed down was stolen. A single toilet squatted next to a sink and mirror. A cast iron lamp threw a cozy glow from atop a quaint wicker table in the corner opposite the door. He couldn’t have asked for a better set-up. Drum locked the door and opened the big plastic bag. 
He snugged a large mop bucket into the corner behind the door and filled it 2/3 full with bleach. The industrial laundry burn flared his nostrils and watered his eyes. He pulled out a second, smaller bucket—this the size of a child’s sand castle constructor—and stared at it for a moment. Drum scanned the room. There, under the sink, a bottle of spray air freshener and some extra rolls of toilet paper. He made a little tower of the metal and paper cylinders next to the bleach bucket. He then filled the sand-bucket with ammonia, careful to keep his head turned to the side. Even so, the fumes threw a couple of hat pins up his nose. Drum exhaled hard through his nose and balanced the sand-bucket on the toilet paper/freshener tower. He stood up and placed the fan about two feet from the “bomb”. The cord was just long enough to reach the outlet by the wicker table. Drum urinated, flushed and looked over his shoulder in the mirror as he washed his hands. It was perfect.
Ten minutes later, he was forking a bite of basmati past his lips when a young man walked purposefully toward the bathroom. Drum closed his eyes and counted. He imagined the man as he pushed the door open, knocking the ammonia bucket over into the bleach. He would turn and say something like, “What the?” as the dragon catalyzed and threw its first poisoned breath into the air. Drum was only up to four when the man surged out of the bathroom with his face buried in the crook of his arm, the other arm out in front of him like a football player charging down the field. The box fan blew the dragon’s breath out behind him in steady stream.
The mixture was crude but potent, essentially the same chlorine gas the Kaiser used to dig the Dough Boys from their muddy trenches. Chlorine gas burns the lining of the throat and lungs and they respond by filling with fluid. Perfect if one’s goal is to convince the victim that he or she is in immediate and dire straits and that the best course of action is to remove him or herself from the vicinity as fast as is fucking feasible. 
Drum got a faint whiff of the gas as the man streaked past him, ricocheting off a table and spilling food in a glorious shower of stoneware and stainless steel chopsticks. It spiced his eyes and throat. Drum was on his feet moving toward the door in the next second, his chair clattering to the floor. The collective face of the diners and employees turned in the direction of the disturbance—the gagging man, the other one moving for the door. Drum didn’t see who it was as he reached the front of the restaurant, but he could feel her shock as she realized what was happening. She shouted one magic word and Drum stumbled as a wave of terror and ecstasy broke over him.
“GAS!”

* * *

CHRIS KIMATA STOOD on the front stoop of the building across from Charlie’s as the mob gushed by, sluiced in by the curbstones. He yelled into his police radio. 
“Reeves! Reeves! What’s your 20? Over.”
The radio squawked back at once, a roiling white noise, punctuated by screams and coughing. Reeves’s shout cut through the foam, “Say-again! Say-again! Jesus, it’s crazy down here. Chris—cough—that you, man? I can’t hear a damn thing with all this—. Hey, lady, put that down for chrissakes!” 
Kimata clipped the radio to his belt. Fucking thing was useless. Reeves was up to his chin in hysterical crowd. Kimata sniffed. There was something weird in the air. Bleach? Did someone blow up a fucking laundromat? He looked over the tearing eyes and gagging mouths of the crowd to the third floor of windows and sighed. Chris took a deep, bleach-tainted breath and plunged into the street.
He surfaced on the other side with a ripped shirt collar, and a scratch on his face. His radio was gone, but his Glock was still snapped into its shoulder holster. Thank heaven for small favors. He drew it and pushed through into the lobby. Kimata didn’t remember climbing the stairs, but a blink later he was chambering a hollow-point outside of Charlie’s front door. Ever-so-fucking-gently, he toed the door with his shoe and it pushed open an inch. Fuck, he mouthed. Fuck, fuck, fuck.
Kimata took a breath and kicked the door open the rest of the way. Drummond Fine’s eyes flashed their silver no-color as he turned his head. Charlie sprawled on the couch, his cheeks wan, his eyes closed, one limp hand on his chest. Fine pulled a long slow breath through his nose.
“Why, you’re absolutely terrified, officer.”
This was the part where, if Kimata was as cool as he always wished he was, he would say something like, “Do something stupid so I can shoot you, motherfucker.” Instead, all he could get out was, “Still! You should stay very still!” His heart was pounding so fast the words jiggled past his teeth. “I mean don’t move…motherfucker.” Jesus, he was the coolest, toughest cop ever. DC’s finest. Way to represent, Kimata. At least the victim was too out of it to have witnessed that verbal pants-wetting. Sometimes unconscious people could still hear, though. He could still get lucky. Maybe Charlie was dead. Chris stiffened his arms, the gun locked on Fine’s chest. “He dead?”
“No, his heart slowed to the point where he lost consciousness. He’ll have a headache when he wakes, but that’ll be the least of his worries.” Fine faced Kimata. “Your heart, on the other hand, is beating very rapidly. I can feel it.”
Aside from the history of grisly murders and those creepy mercury peepers, this guy was seriously worrying Kimata. He wasn’t acting like someone under the gun. He was acting like someone holding the gun, but his hands were empty. “Okay, shut up. Put your hands on your head and turn around. Get on your knees.” Fine did as he was told and Kimata’s heart began to slow, his training and experience kicking in. He was never going to get over his bust-into-the-room jitters, he’d always had those, but after a minute or two he was as collected as the next guy. Matter of fact, he was actually beginning to feel downright sluggish.
“Now,” he said, “don’t move while I—”
Drum stood up and turned around as he heard Chris thump to the floor. He could feel the cop’s heart struggle to thud inside the mental fist he’d clasped around it. He could just let go and the cop would sleep just as he’d done with the nursey-nurse. Or he could squeeze hard, just once, and the cop’s blood would pool in his face in lines to match the floor boards. He’d look like a zebra in his casket. Fine bent down over Chris and considered.
Someone coughed.
Fine’s head snapped up. A young man with flaming red hair and a huge pistol stood outside in the hall. Tears streamed from his bloody-rimmed eyes and ran down Reeves’s cheeks. Drum struck out with all his mental force. As the darkness rushed in, Reeves went down on one knee and fired, and fired, and fired.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 25

DETECTIVE JOANNA BILKO was having a shit day. Five minutes ago, she’d received a call from one of the officers on the scene of that gas explosion, or leak or attack—no one yet knew what to make of a cloud of chlorine gas in the Upper West Side. Their trap had been sprung. Reeves, the rookie, her rookie, was dead. Her exchange detective from DC Homicide was in the back of a meat wagon heading to the ER. Kimata had reported Fine at the scene, but now of course he was gone too. And Charlie Dunbar, the supposed-to-be-citizen-hero, was missing. 
Bilko put the elbows of her best and oldest gray suit on the desk blotter and lowered her head into her hands. Through the blinds she could see Emily Burton, cute lil’ Barbie Doll from Wisconsin, kicking her legs off the edge of an empty desk. Her friend, Mr. Samuels, sat in the chair nodding as they chatted. Change their clothes just a bit and she would look like a working girl and him a vice cop. They seemed bored. Now, Joanna had to go out there and tell them that her brilliant plan had gotten a young officer killed, another injured and a civilian—Ms. Burton’s boyfriend—most likely kidnapped by a serial murderer. Bilko closed her eyes and tried to imagine a column of light emanating from the crown of her head. Instead, she saw a whirling black cloud behind her eyes. “Fuck it,” she said and got up. 
The roar of the precinct rushed in around her ears as she opened the door. “Miss Burton? Mr. Samuels?” Neither of them heard her. She pitched her voice a little higher, “Miss Burton?” Now, Emily looked over, her eyebrows arched. Samuels glanced over as well and Bilko motioned them into her office. Take it easy. It was bad, but she’d dealt with worse. Two years ago she’d had to tell a mother that her estranged husband had killed both of their children and then himself. He’d locked them all in the family SUV and drove it off a pier. This should be easy in comparison.
Emily stood aside for Samuels. “Door open or shut?” she asked.
“Close it, please.” Bilko sat behind the desk. She thought about taking her shoes off and figured Aged Panty Hosed Foot was probably not the best aroma therapy for the situation. “Sit down, please, Miss Burton, Mr. Samuels.”
Emily sat and blanked for a moment as she reinforced her mental shields. There was a lot of residue in this room, and none of it happy. Samuels yawned. It had been a very long day for both of them.
“So, Detective,” he said. “What can you tell us about the elusive Dr. Fine? Sounds positively Conan Doylian, doesn’t it?” He spread his hands, “Sherlock Holmes and The Elusive Doctor Fine.”
Bilko let him be. Everyone acts differently when they know something bad’s coming and she could feel it all over her face. “Here it is: Charles Dunbar’s been kidnapped. We’re pretty sure it was Fine.” Emily’s face drained. Hard to believe a girl that fair could go whiter, but there it was. “The officers we had watching Mr. Dunbar were attacked. One of them has died.”
Emily’s face was a slate. “How?”
“Miss Burton, he just got past us. There was something of a riot uptown in the same neighborhood.”
“We heard some of the hubbub out there,” Samuels jerked his head toward the bullpen. “Some kind of gas explosion? Terror alert or what have you?”
“We’re not sure what it was just now, Mr. Samuels.”
“No, I meant how were the officers attacked?” Emily said. “Did he use a gun or something?”
Bilko sat back in her chair and rubbed her forehead. Her nails were purple today. “Again, we’re not entirely sure. Detective Kimata—the officer who survived—reported that he lost consciousness and when he came around, the other detective was dead and his weapon had been discharged. Both Fine and Charles Dunbar were gone.” She paused. “There was, ah, some blood.” She caught Emily’s expression. “But not enough to account for a serious injury. And we don’t think Fine would have had enough time to clean up anything major. I don’t think the detective actually did much damage before he died. Most of his shots seemed to have gone into the floor. It was damn lucky that everyone else in the building had gone outside to see what was going on with the riot. Those bullets went right into the apartment below.”
“And you don’t know how he died?”
“Why are you so interested in that, Miss Burton?”
“I’m a morbid person.”
Samuels snorted.
“What are you not telling me, Emily? Anything you hold back—on top of possibly costing you a conspiracy charge—will only endanger Charles Dunbar. Do you know something about Drummond Fine? Do you know something about how he’s been hurting all of these people?”
Emily stared at Bilko. You couldn’t lie to a good cop without them knowing it. Daddy had his gift, but he always said that even a regular cop who was worth her salt could tell a whopper from the truth, too. “I know he causes heart attacks somehow,” Emily said. Of course, they already had that from the coroner’s reports on all the other victims. “I was just wondering if he’d done the same thing to that poor officer.”
“Reeves.”
“I’m sorry?”
“His name was Reeves.”
Samuels cleared his throat. “Detective, what’s our next course of action?” 
“Well, I think we should put the two of you into protective custody—a safe house. We have a rather nice loft—small, mind you—near Washington Square. Nicer than my place anyway. We’ll keep a couple of plainclothes on the door. I think you’ll be fine until we figure something out.”
Emily felt a spike in the emotional electricity from the bullpen outside Bilko’s office even as she saw the detective’s eyes shift over her shoulder. She and Emily stood at the same time.
“What is it?” Samuels asked looking up at Emily.
“Stay here” Bilko said and charged into the rising noise, slamming the door behind her.
Emily and Samuels stared through the blinds. Several officers were moving in a supportive knot, half carrying someone into the bullpen. They sat her down and cleared back. “It’s a cop,” Emily said. “A woman. She’s all messed up.” Emily squinted then winced away from the glass.
Samuels stood up and put a hand on her shoulder. “What is it?”
“Fine. It’s Fine. He’s all over her.” She shook her head and looked into Samuels bright eyes. “I think that’s the one who went missing earlier. I think she got away from him.”
“How do you know it’s Fine?”
“He stinks.” She sneered, a strange expression in that sweet face. “That make any sense? The kind of emotional smear he leaves smells bad. You and I have it, actually, from when we dealt with him in the park? It’s worse on her. Way worse.”
Bilko burst back into the room, the blinds clattering. “That’s the officer who went missing a couple of days ago when we first tried to take Fine into custody. She just stumbled through the front goddamn door. We’re taking her to the ER, but she’s not too bad off. I want the two of you there for the debriefing. You’ll come with me.” Emily didn’t need her powers to feel Bilko’s excitement. “At last,” she said. “A fucking break.”
“How’d she get away?” Samuels asked.
Bilko held up short at the door, blinked. “He let her go.”

* * *

SHARON DIMKE WAS lightly sedated and resting in a private suite at the very hospital Charlie had left earlier that long day. The drugs they gave her—sweet prick in the arm—weren’t much compared to her beloved Oxycontin, but it was something. The valium kicked her just a degree left of center. She could feel the throbbing from her missing finger and a tap dance of scrapes and bruises. Her throat was burnt paper. An IV drip hung in her peripheral vision, a blurred hot-air balloon. A black woman in plain clothes stood by the bedside. Must be a honcho, no one else could look that tight-assed and upset so effortlessly. An old man sat in a chair by the window, studying Sharon as if she were on the wrong side of the glass at a museum. There was a uniform standing outside the door. Sharon could see him through the venetian blinds. And there, standing in the corner, was the girl. Had to be.
Bilko leaned in, tried to soften her face, botched it. “Sharon? Sharon, dear? Can you hear me?”
Sharon mumbled something. Bilko looked over her shoulder at Emily, who shrugged.
“Sharon? Honey, can you say that again?”
“Wah-water. So thirsty.”
“They’ve got you set up with an IV drip, but I’ll see if they’ll let you drink something now you’re a little more with us.” Over her shoulder, “Officer?” Damned if she could remember this one’s name. The uniform rolled around the doorjamb. “Please ask one of the nurses if Officer Dimke can have some water.”
“Ma’am.” If he’d had a cowboy hat, he’d have tipped it before heading off.
Bilko turned back to Sharon. “Honey, can you tell us where he had you?”
“Warehouse,” she grated, “…somewhere.”
“Can you remember where?”
“Blind-folded the whole time.”
“And he just dropped you off in front of the precinct?”
“Corner.” She winced and swallowed. “Couple blocks up.”
Bilko tried to keep it off her face. The motherfucker had been a couple hundred yards away at most and they’d missed him. This was intolerable. Fine was laughing at them. He’d sent back Dimke just to throw it in their faces.
The uniform came back in with a small paper cup. “Nurse says she can have this, but slow.” He gave the cup to Bilko without looking at Sharon. Emily jerked as he left to take up his post by the door. Rage. Vengeance. Enough to punch through her shields a little. She shook it off, but seriously doubted Drummond Fine would survive if any one of New York’s Finest got him away from official eyes for even a nanosecond.
“Just take a sip, honey,” Bilko said, and put the cup to Sharon’s chapped lips. Dimke reached up to take the cup with a hand clumsy with bandages from the sutures in her finger. She wondered if losing a pinky finger was enough to mess up your aim and if she was going to have to learn to shoot lefty. Funny to be calm about it, so detached. Valium. This she could get used to. She got some water down and her stomach collapsed around it in a painful crunch. Bilko caught the grimace and moved the cup away.
After a moment she asked, “Do you remember anything that would help us to track down Fine, Sharon?”
“He’s got two other people.”
Emily looked up.
Bilko kept herself together. Charles Dunbar they knew about. “Two?”
“Males. White. Late twenties.” She closed her eyes and drifted a moment. She jerked herself back from the velvet. Sharon still had work to do. “One of them had dark hair, glasses. Fine kept calling him Harlem. No. Harlan. It was Harlan.”
Emily covered her mouth with her hand.
“And the other one. A little guy. Bald. Fine kept making nurse jokes. He knew the other one. Kept trying to talk to him, but he was barely there. Really messed up.”
“They’re friends,” Emily said. “Harlan is one of Charlie’s good friends.” She could feel a scream building in her throat. She talked around it. “What’s going on? Why’s he doing this?” But underneath the fear, the correlation came through: Fine was going after the people who knew about her power. He wanted her. The monster was baiting a hook and Charlie and Harlan were the worms.
Sharon watched the girl through a screen of eyelashes. “He’s been hurting them. Harlem—,” she swallowed and her throat clicked. “Harlan is almost dead. His eye…” The one she took. The one she’d scooped out herself. Fine had tossed her a fragment of Oxycontin for that and she’d actually caught it in her mouth, snapped it out of the air like a trained Labrador. He’d giggled wildly and for a moment she’d been proud of herself. It had gotten worse from there. “He won’t last much longer.”
Bilko stared at the floor, lost, thinking. People were dying. Right now. She knew who was doing it and when it was happening, just not where. For a long time no one said anything. Sharon’s breathing was slow, even. A few tears moistened her face. Samuels turned his head and squinted out the window into empty night. He took a startled breath and then Sharon spoke, “It sounded like Texas.”
Bilko leaned in. “What’d you say?”
“It sounded like Texas. Like an oil derrick pumping. I lived outside Galveston a little while when I was small. Derricks everywhere. Chunka-chunka-chunka. I could hear that.”
“An oil-derrick? You could hear that from the warehouse?”
“Like it was right on top of us. Loud.”
Bilko beamed. Emily turned her head away as if she were dodging a spray of water. Bilko turned around and Emily threw up her shields full force, blocking Bilko’s excitement. “You know where he is.”
“We have his ass now! There’s a place just over the river. It’s a little off one of the commuter rail lines. Jesus, I used to see it all the time when I dated this jerk who lived out that way. It’s an old well next to some outbuildings. I think there’s a warehouse out there. Holy shit. We have him. We have him.
“Sharon? I’m going to leave you with the officer outside the door. Ms. Burton and Mr. Samuels are going to keep you company. You’ll both be safe enough here while we go get Fine.” To Emily, “If she says anything else, tell the officers to radio me with the intel. Holy shit. Holy shit.” She was already reaching for her radio and half way out the door when Emily stopped her.
“Don’t underestimate him.”
Bilko stared at her. “No,” she said. “Not again.”

* * *

CHARLIE FLOATED UP into a miasma of old water damage, dusty bird shit and concrete. He sneezed and a bolt of hot iron spiked his sternum. Jesus, what had hit him? Felt like that time he’d gotten caught up in a St. Patrick’s Day Parade skirmish with the cops. He’d taken a jab from a night stick and had been sore as hell for a week. This was going to be worse. Another sneeze threatened but he held it off. His vision cleared and shapes began to resolve. Cracked flooring stretched off into the gloom, a few broken squares of glass sprayed gray light from about twenty feet off the floor. It was either getting late or very early. A flutter of wings from invisible rafters and low cooing drifted down to him.
Charlie tried to lever himself up off the floor, but his hands were bound, wrists hurting. He craned around. Handcuffed to a pipe. His mouth went dry and his stomach hardened, pulled in. A shot of adrenaline burned the rest of the cobwebs away. He tried to remember. He’d been on the couch scared and waiting, hoping that he could help the cops catch Fine. He’d been watching some science channel show about how magnetic fields could induce feelings of religious communion—something Harlan would have been into. And then? And then, silver eyes. “Oh, shit,” Charlie whispered.
“You’re the crappiest cavalry ever.”
Charlie jerked and pushed his back up against the pipe. What he had thought was a heap of rags a few paces away had just spoken to him. “Oh, shit!”
“You said that already, buddy.”
“What?”
“Yeah, it’s hard to get your shit straight in this kind of predicament.” The rag-pile said. “I said things like ‘what’ and ‘huh’ for the first few minutes, too, but then that bitch started in and, well, I kind of snapped right into reality. Wish I hadn’t.”
Charlie squinted. He knew the voice. It was like listening to a frog talking with its mouth full of broken glass and sand. Still, the inflections pinged off his memory. “You know me?”
The rag-pile rolled over. Charlie gasped, his shoulders bunched.
“I’ve looked better,” Harlan said. “I get it.”
“Harlan! Oh, God, man, what the hell is going on? What happened to you?” Charlie tried to get up with each statement, surging against his cuffed hands and falling back onto his butt.
Harlan smiled and winced as what was left of his lips split and bled. “Don’t make me smile, dude. Hurts like a sonofabitch.” He shook a mostly scraped-bald head. “Funny, I didn’t think I’d ever smile again, so I guess that’s one I owe you.”
“Jesus, Harlan.” Charlie could only bite his lip and shake his head. His friend had been destroyed. Harlan’s scalp looked like it was at least sixty percent missing, clumps of thick black hair sprouted in random patches. His nose and mouth were ragged holes. It looked like one of his eyes was out of the socket and smeared along his cheekbone. And that was just what Charlie could see. He felt a sob run up from his guts and racked it back. If he let himself start now, he wouldn’t stop. He needed to figure out a way to help his friend.
Charlie took a breath. “What happened to you, Harlan?”
“Ah, the head nurse is taking charge now? That’s good.” A species of laugh slouched across the space. “That’s good.”
“You’re in shock, Harlan. It’s the only reason you’re still even talking. We need to figure something out for you soon.” Charlie looked around the warehouse. The light had faded a little already. At least he knew what half of the day it was. “Do you know where we are?”
Harlan didn’t answer.
“Harlan? Harl? Stay with me, man!”
“I’m here. I was just trying to think of something existential to say.”
Charlie rolled his eyes. He hated dealing with shocky people. It was like talking to a drunk with an arrow in his head. “Where are we? Do you know?”
Harlan started crying, weak, limp sniffling. “It’s my fault, Charlie. I’m really sorry.”
“What are you talking about? Shh. You’re okay, man. Just tell me—”
“No, he wants Emily. That’s what all of this is about. He wants her because he thinks he can suck on the whole city if he goes through her mind. He’s like her, man. He can feel people’s hearts, but it’s more than just emotional. He can, he can squeeze.” Harlan slurped, coughed and spat a wad of something dark. “Sorry, I’m a mess over here.”
“I know you mean Fine but I’m not getting the rest of it.”
“He needed to get to her, but didn’t know where she was. He figured out that I’d fucked with the files on his scan.” A single, screeching, “Ha!” And then, “He counted the fucking bones. Can you believe that shit? He counted the bones.”
“He came for you and then did this to you.”
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, man. I held out for a really long time before I gave up. You’d have been proud of me. I was like a rock for at least, shit, two minutes. You ever get a hair cut with a piece of broken glass?” Another one of those creepy laughs. “She was reluctant at first, really.”
“She?”
“Some cop he’d caught before me. She was all messed up, hurting really bad for something.”
“Hurting? She was using?”
“Not then, he wouldn’t let her, but believe you me—and you know I know what it’s like—she was in a bad, bad way. She was most of the way out of her head. Fine,” he choked on the name. “Fine paid her in a little pieces of pill to do this to me. She hurt me so bad, Charlie. I think I’m dying. I bled like…” He dissolved into quiet sobbing.
“Where is he now? Harlan? Do you know how long he’s been gone?”
Harlan spat, “Fuck do I know, Charles? It’s not like I’ve got the place wired with CC TV or something. I’ve been tied up with motherfucking baling wire for like a day and a half. You know what? I think my hands are probably already going gangrenous. I smell almonds. Ha! I’m an ice cream flavor. Almond Torture Monkey—the new one from Ben and fucking Jerry’s.”
Charlie shook his head. “We’re not having this conversation, man. This shit. This shit…”
“Doesn’t happen? Yeah, and psychic hotties from the Midwest can’t move stuff with their minds either? Right? Right?” 
Harlan shrieked then. It peeled out from him, the last of his mind rolling over and over in a torrent of pain. Charlie winced back from the sound. He could hear it: his friend was ending. Even if they could save his physical life, no man comes back from a place like that. Harlan’s scream died in a choked gurgle and he lay breathing, uneven, silent. The birds in the rafters fluttered then calmed. They’d gotten used to Harlan’s shouts. 
“Actually,” a voice echoed from the dark, “he gave you up after at least four minutes.”
Charlie turned his head. A slight shift in the shadows by a pillar and a flash of eyes. Drummond Fine stepped out into the low light. He’d been there the whole time.
“Of course,” he said, “space and time are relative.”


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 26

BILKO HELD ONTO the door handle as the cruiser slewed off the main road and into the dust cloud the Tactical Unit had left a second before. She could just make out the flare of tail lights from the black S.W.A.T. van a couple of lengths in front. “Shit!” her uniformed driver hissed and stomped the break. The prowl car slid to a stop on the loose gravel access road an inch from the van’s chrome bumper. The warehouse ran a short chunk of the horizon a few hundred yards up the road, a black domino on its side. Just off to the left, the oil derrick bowed its grasshopper head over and over as it had done since forever. 
“Kill your lights, officer.” 
Her driver smacked at the toggle on the dash. “Sorry, sorry.” He keyed off the engine. “Sorry, Lieutenant.” She patted him on the knee. Bilko was feeling downright frisky. In another minute, S.W.A.T. would creep up the road just like some badass Special Forces unit and then we’d see what we’d see. Bilko would put S.W.A.T. up against any of those Army Ranger boys any old time, thank you very much. She’d read Black Hawk Down. She knew what was what. Rangers were trained to go in and kill everything that moved. Good enough. But Special Weapons And Tactics were trained to go in and not kill. Well, not kill everything anyway. They had to be able to waste the bad guys and leave the vics without a scratch. That was some hardcore shit to be able to carry off. In the dark no less.
The uniform, a young black man in his twenties, Queens accent, was breathing hard. “What they waiting for?” he whispered.
She tried to keep the fun out of her voice. This shit was serious. “We made a lot of noise pulling off the main road. They think Fine is checking the windows, looking for us. They’re going to wait until they think it’s—” 
The side door on the van slid open and seven figures, bulky with armor, flowed into the night.
“Damn,” the driver said. “Like a ninja clown-car or something.”
Bilko felt the rebuke behind her teeth, something about the severity of the situation but, hell, that had been funny.
“What do we do now, Lieutenant?”
She sat back in her seat. “Wait for the flashes, and shortly thereafter, the bangs. Boys’ll be out with the big bad wolf’s pelt presently.” 
“I love watchin’ S.W.A.T. do they thing.”
“Ain’t they cool, though?”

* * *

THE WAREHOUSE WAS an empty place. No one but Fine and his victims had disturbed the space under its sagging roof for decades. Pigeons chased complete stillness from its rafters. Redwing blackbirds ringed the perimeter in the reeds: the occasional match flare as they broke gravity. Charlie could see a single curl of gray paint on the side of a steel support pillar. It cupped a tiny cashe of dust like snow caught in the bowl of a dead leaf.
Fine had just finished saying something about Einstein or relativity or something. All he knew was that his chest was sore from the inside out and the husk of his friend was expiring with the fading light. There was a reason why Charlie wasn’t yet dead, but he wasn’t sure if he wanted to know it. Fine stood perfectly still, only his eyes moved.
“The universe has been very kind to me in recent weeks.”
Charlie squinted. “Yeah?” He took in Fine’s baseball hat, the tendrils of greasy hair worming out the sides, the sweat stains and second-hand or stolen clothes. The cops had been on this man for two days. Charlie imagined it had been at least that long since Fine had showered or maybe even ate. “Cause you look like hell.”
Fine blinked. A squawk spiked from among the gentle cooing in the rafters and a pigeon fell stiff at his feet. A single red claw twitched and the bird was still. Fine blinked again, and again, and again, and again. A minute later, there were at least ten birds growing cold in the dust.
Harlan rasped from the darkness, “Careful, man.” He coughed. “He can do shit. It’s like your girl, but bad.”
“Ah, yes,” Fine took a step closer. “Let’s discuss ‘your girl’.” 
“What girl?”
“Don’t bother. I’ve known about her from the moment we met. We crossed, you see, at the hospital. We overlapped, I think. Something changed. Something wonderful happened. And, now, well, now I can do this.” Another bird expired in the rafters and dropped down to the floor. Fine’s head tipped to one side, remembering the Central Park encounter. “And she can do other things.”
“What do you want with her?”
The sound of car tires popped on gravel in the distance. Fine froze, head cocked. He sniffed the air, snuffling like a wolf. Charlie cringed as Fine smiled. “They’re very frightened.”

* * *

“WHAT IS IT?”
Emily’s reflection hovered in the dark window glass over Aaron Samuel’s shoulder—a guardian angel, a lurking ghost—but he didn’t hear or see her. Samuels was lost in a sparkling matrix of strings radiating from a central event. Each string a chance, a contingency leading to another central hub that in turn sprouted its own halo of possibility. The event on which he concentrated had several direct outcomes that would end in Emily’s death, some in Charlie’s, some both. All left Aaron Samuels alive except one. He couldn’t look away from that black strand of spider web. It led to his destruction and then into nothing; a solitary line of light slimming into the darkness.
He sighed. “And here I was beginning to think this would be some kind of gift.”
“Samuels?” Emily touched his shoulder. “You okay? You were kind of gone there for a minute.”
He put his kgnarled old hand over hers and gave a squeeze. Without turning around he said, “I know what you’ve got to do.” Aaron Samuels, former accountant to a private detective who’d done some good, faithful husband to a beloved and long-dead wife and New York Doorman stood up and faced the woman in the hospital bed. “You know what she has to do, too, don’t you Sharon.”
Emily felt the air squirm. Officer Dimke was smirking through her valium haze. She beckoned Emily to the bedside. Emily looked at Samuels. “What’s this?”
“Sharon has something to tell you, Emily.” He darkened and kept her pinned in the bed with his stare. She leered back at him. “It’s that new party trick of mine, Emily. The chances that she knows where Charlie is are very high.”
Emily glanced through the chicken-wire hall window at the uniformed cop on watch. “But she already told them where Fine was hiding.” Emily stared back at Sharon. She hated this, but she had to do it. She winced like she was reaching into the wet darkness inside a hollow log as she stretched through the white noise shield. Madness crawled over her before she yanked herself back behind the barrier. 

* * *

“MOVE, MOVE, MOVE!” the S.W.A.T. commander whispered/hissed into this throat mike as his team slipped up the service road toward the warehouse. The racket from the oil derrick—cha-CHUNK, cha-CHUNK, cha-CHUNK—was enough to cover a tank assault, but he wasn’t taking any chances. This suspect had a weird reputation. A serial killer with an M.O. of scaring his victims to death was one thing, but Dimke’s partner—the one Fine had killed when they showed up to originally bring him in for questioning—had died of a massive coronary. The S.W.A.T. commander had read the report. The kid’s heart had been bruised, like someone had reached into his chest and strangled it. The part of the story that had the seasoned vets talking low over their boiler-makers and beers the past couple nights was that there wasn’t a mark on the kid’s body.
The team rounded the corner of the warehouse like a flock of starlings. The commander held his fist up and they all went down on one knee, heads bent over raised assault rifles. The commander held a button on his belt unit that muted his headset. Nothing came but the steady thud and pull from the derrick. A grasshopper flew into the reeds. The air smelled like summer out of the city, green and heavy. Something didn’t feel right.

* * *

“DO YOU HEAR that?” Fine asked.
Charlie listened, footsteps moving up the service road.
“Why haven’t you called out, Mr. Dunbar?”
“Because I don’t want to end up like one of those fucking pigeons.”
Charlie needed time. He needed to figure out a way to help, a way to stall, something, anything that moved against Fine’s machinations. “You said something changed when you saw Emily at the hospital.”
“I thought I was the only one.” Fine focused on Charlie and closed the distance between them. Charlie kept himself still as he would have in the presence of a growling stray, but his guts seemed to shift to the far side of his body. Fine crouched down and peered into Charlie’s face. “She’s like me,” Fine said, his voice rising.
Charlie had seen insanity countless times in his career as an ER nurse. It was New York after all. But he’d never seen this level of chaos. Every human has a spark of creation in them, of life reflected, but not Fine. And it wasn’t some libidinous sadism. He wasn’t about pulling the wings off flies. That madness was simple. If he could, Fine would stretch his long fingers into the genetic record so that the fly would evolve into something broken and hideous. He was about unmaking things.
“I don’t think so, pal.”
“No, you don’t think, Mr. Dunbar, because you don’t know. No one but our Emily knows.”
Charlie’s blood pounded in his ears. “She’s not ours.”
Fine smirked. “Of course not. You think she belongs to you because you’ve put your penis into her vagina. Would you like a banana, little monkey?”
Charlie’s anger peaked, but it was enough to bring his attention to bear on it. He calmed himself. This was about making sure whoever was walking up the road (Please, God, let it be the cops) got the drop on Fine instead of the other way around. “So what makes her yours, then?”
“She and I are kin of sorts. When I was a boy I could feel it when one person hurt another person. I could smell the fear wafting off them like I smell it wafting from you, Mr. Dunbar.” He darkened, looked at the floor. “I can also feel everything, everything else that another person feels. It’s…confusing to say the least.” He looked up and grinned. “You could say that I had the ultimate boundary issues.”
“But not anymore?”
“No, not for some time, Mr. Dunbar. I learned that a dose of the purest, most powerful emotion could clear the confusion away, outline me, if you will, to myself among all the other detritus.”
“Fear, right?”
“Correct, but simplistic. Lower-level fear, everyday fear, is enough to reduce all the others to something of a background hum, but a great burst of concentrated pathos brings transcendence.”
“So what, you scare people to death and get off as they’re dying?”
Fine grimaced. “Nothing so physical. I become clean as they expire, Mr. Dunbar.”
“I still don’t understand why you need Emily.”
“Her range is a thousand times greater than mine. I’m going to use her as an amplifier to tap into the entire city.”
How could he know something like that? Yeah, how could Emily throw a lamp across the room without getting out of bed. “I thought you didn’t want to feel all that ‘detritus’.”
“No, you’re correct. I only want the purity of their terror. A great collective shriek if you follow me.”
“How are you going to scare everyone at the same time?”
“Those nineteen religious zealots from the Middle East and our eager Administration have primed the pump for me. The whole city has been on edge since that beautiful day in September, all they really need is a little push. Do you remember the riot just before I took you?”
Charlie called up a fuzzy image: a flow of panicked faces in the street below his window, a smell like someone used too much bleach in the laundry room. “That was you? What’d you do?”
“A bucket of bleach and a bottle of ammonia. A fan. It was very easy.”
Jesus, he was right. It wouldn’t take much more than that to throw the whole of Manhattan Island into a screaming mess. Hell, the whole country would freak out. It was like when that guy sent anthrax through the mail right after the Eleventh. Only two people actually got hurt, but half the country was sure their next piece of junk mail would contain a puff of white powder. All you’d have to do would be to create a few disturbances at the same time to establish a pattern. Everyone was so ratcheted up they would not only make up their own dots they’d connect them.
“You really expect Em to just sit quietly and amplify for you?” Charlie shook his head. “I’ve got news for you, Doctor Doom, she’s not a big of fan of feeling anything outside her own pretty noggin these days. And, I don’t think she’s going to appreciate you fucking with me like this. It might not mean I own her, but she is a great fan of me and my penis. Told me so just this morning.”
Fine was a grinning shark. “I’m counting on that, Mr. Dunbar. You’re my leverage. She’ll either help me until I’m finished with her or I’ll torture you, and your penis, until she complies. You see, I don’t have to kill right away. I’m sure you’ve seen people in the throws of coronary thrombosis, Nurse Dunbar?”
Charlie’s memory threw up a parade of faces collapsing in on themselves in agony as their hearts shut down and their arteries deflated, clutching at their chests and arms. He blocked it out. Couldn’t think about that. Wouldn’t. “Even if you get her cooperation, how are you going to set off your little gas bombs throughout the rest of the city? You got shit rigged up on timers all over town? You really think it’s going to work?”
Fine chuckled. “No timers. Simplicity is best in matters such as these. Timers malfunction, bombs are found and diffused. No, I’ve taken another lesson from our Middle-Eastern adversaries.” Fine put up a hand. “But quiet! Someone’s here.”

* * *

THEY FANNED OUT, beta pattern, broken into four groups of two. One couplet at each door to the warehouse, one on each corner. At the S.W.A.T. commander’s signal they would switch on their lamps and storm the building. He flicked off the safety on his rifle and turned off his mind. Reflexes and training would take care of the rest. The commander squelched his throat mike twice and pistoned a vicious kick to the rotting door. It flew off its hinges. He and his partner were inside and checking quadrants before the door even stopped clattering on the floor. The other members of the team poured in through their own doors, rifle lamps throwing long beams into the dusty gloom. They’d all done this a hundred times. It was over before their shouts of “Clear!” had ceased to echo.
The commander pulled off his helmet and yanked the walkie-talkie off his belt. “Bilko. This is commander S.W.A.T.” He scanned the empty warehouse. “There’s, ah, there’s no one here.”

* * *

Emily drove her old blue Honda over the George Washington Bridge at sunset. A line of lava flowed along the horizon and faded upward into cerulean, cobalt, and then to the blind city cataract where the only visible stars were windows in skyscrapers. Dimke had told them how to find the warehouse. It was simple: she and the old man had enough time to get her car from the hotel and then immediately to the warehouse. Or Charlie would die. Harlan, well, hell, he was probably already gone. Not much left when Fine had sent her. Any word to the cops meant Charlie would die. Anyone other than Samuels and Emily showing up at the warehouse and Charlie would die. If they deviated from Fine’s orders in the slightest, Charlie would die.
“You just do it like I tell you,” Dimke had explained. “But don’t take too long. And don’t try nothin’. Don’t try to get the cops or that bitch Bilko involved. The Doctor’ll know if the wrong people’re coming. The Doctor’ll just blink and your nursey boy’ll keel over. I seen him do it.” She’d gone misty. “He can do anything.”
They’d rushed to the Morgan and Emily stationed Samuels out front—he opening the door for her and taking the doorman stance—while she ran up to fetch her car keys. They drove in silence for most of the way. The exit Dimke had told them about loomed up and Emily took them off the highway. A few more lights and turns, a few more minutes, found them on the borders of the wetlands by the traintracks. Fifty warehouses lurked in the cattails, old forgotten places used for secrets best kept by dust and dark. Emily pulled up and stopped at the head of the service road leading to the building Dimke described. Make sure you go to the one near them old powerlines or you’ll miss it. It’s a maze back in there. Emily turned to Samuels.
“Why do you think he wants you here, too? I don’t get it.”
Samuels had to wrench his attention back into the car. He had been staring at the warehouse, or rather what was superimposed over it for him. He had read about blackholes, but when he first saw an artist’s conception he’d been confused. Blackholes were supposed to be stars that had collapsed under their own gravity and become so dense that not even light could escape them. The artist conceptions always represented them as great funnels, but stars are spherical. That’s what he saw hanging in space over the warehouse: a giant black sphere radiating lines into the night. It was like a photo-negative of the potentialities he had seen up to now, but instead of light on a black field this was the reverse. Every potentiality that could come out of this building was a black spike leading into time. Except one. A single line stabbed from the center of the singularity and punched through the windshield into Emily’s chest. She couldn’t see it.
“Samuels?”
He shook his head and the image faded. “I’m sorry, Miss Emily. What did you…?”
“Why do you think he wants you here, too? He only seemed interested in me at the park. Why you now, too?” She stared out of the windshield. “Everything I fucking touch,” she whispered. Tears ran down her cheeks, but she was quiet.
Samuels let her cry a moment. He remembered the ice water that had welled in his stomach before charging the hill, and the hot water that had steamed down his leg in the woods outside the reservoir at Chosin. There might not be shells shattering the trees above their heads, but death was just as close. If he understood his new friend at all, this remarkable young woman would stop crying in her own time. This wasn’t the kind of woman to quail at danger when so much was at stake. A warm tear ran down his cheek. Neither had Greta been.
Emily stopped crying. She put her hands on the wheel and closed her eyes. “It doesn’t matter why he wants you, too, does it, Mr. Samuels? In the end, he’s just about hurting people and there’s no use in getting more complicated than that.”
“I imagine your father must have sounded an awful lot like you just did from time to time.”
Emily blushed. He was right. “Thank you,” she said and wiped her nose with the back of her hand. She laughed then. “That made me feel really good.”
“Hold onto it, girl. Things are going to be hard now.”
“Do you, uh, know what’s going to happen?”
Samuels looked down at his own chest. A black spike writhed like tar smoke trapped in a clear tube. He blinked it away and lied, “No, do you?”
“No.” She stared through the windshield and let go of the wheel. “I’m just going to try to stop him.” She twisted the engine off and shoved the keys in her jacket pocket. Samuels heard them clink against something and imagined a cell phone. (Perhaps Miss Emily had something up her sleeve after all, some cavalry she could call, but why wouldn’t she have told him?) They stepped onto the service road and the late June air enfolded them. Crickets and frogs competed for first chair. “You know,” Emily said as they walked down the road, “I never understood why Daddy wanted to be a cop. Not really.”
“ No?”
“Until now.” She kicked a pebble. “You ever think about cops and the odds?”
“Seems like the odds are all I think about anymore. What are you on about, though?”
“I think it’s about fighting. In a fair fight you got one person against another person. Everything matches. If one’s got a knife, so's the other. One’s got a gun, the other’s got a gun. That’s what fairness is, right?”
“Simplistically, but I’ll go along with that. It’s not fair for the police. Is that what you’re saying?”
“Yeah, that’s why I never got how Daddy could do it. Especially once I got to be a teenager. We had a fight about it once, you know, when I was in that really shitty stage around fourteen? I just couldn’t get how he could put himself on the line like that. It seemed so stupid. There’s like a zillion criminals to every cop.”
“And where men like your father had a pistol or a shot gun, the crooks had machine guns and the like. You thought he was being reckless?”
“I don’t know what I really thinking, to be honest. I was probably just afraid to lose him, too.”
“Of course,” Samuels said. “Your mother. I’d forgotten.”
“Right, so I think I just got it, though, just now. It’s not about how fair the fight is. It’s about the fight itself. You just fight. You just have to.”
Samuels chuckled to himself, remembering that terrified kid with the piss squelching in his boot. The boot that had charged forward anyway because that’s just what a person did. “I understand,” he said and took another step down the road. “What are you going to do? I mean do you have a plan?”
Emily stopped and put her hands on her hips. She looked at the hulk of corrugated iron and concrete squatting at the end of the road like a giant toad, waiting for them to get too close. Charlie was in there. Her man was in there. She squinted and a stone about the size of a crab apple floated off the road and rolled in the air. Samuels gawked. He’d experienced her power first hand in the park, being yanked over the ground as they’d fled, but still to see her perform this magic as if she were playing with a yo-yo... Emily spun the stone faster and faster, a tiny blurring planet. Samuels thought he could hear a faint hum. The rock froze and shot through the air. An instant later one of the toad’s black glass eyes shattered. 
“I think I’m just going to march in there and try to kick his ass.”

* * *

SHARON DIMKE had not owned her soul in years. Not since the day the bullets chopped her down. Not since the pain and the pills. The doctor had signed her soul over when he signed that first scrip for the Oxy. So, it was no great effort for her new Doctor, The Doctor, to take over her will. Lying there, dehydrating in that god-awful warehouse, smelling her own piss dry, the stink of her sweat as the shakes set in, she had begun to die. And then The Doctor had offered her a piece of her soul. Eat this, he’d said, and you’ll be more yourself. Just do as I say.
She’d fought him in her mind at first, thinking of the kids, her badge. That last one was a fucking joke. The badge had done this to her, and the kids were more their father’s children than hers. No. Even from the very beginning when she’d come to, cuffed to that pipe, she’d known it was over. Really, her end had happened all those years before with the bullets and the scrip, the receipt for her soul.
The Doctor was an angel or a demon, something from a higher place, a more powerful place. That’s what it was all about anyway. Most people will tell you that the greatest fight is between God and the Devil, good and evil, but a cop knows better. It’s not about which side is right, but about which side has the power. Go back through history and the terrorists become freedom fighters if they end up running things. The good guys are always those with the strength to win. The Doctor had the power and there was no use pretending otherwise.
Once she had stopped being able to piss without his consent, he’d proposed his plan to release Sharon as his agent in the world, his messenger to that skinny barbie-girl. It was the strangest thing and it had only taken two days. That’s what the bottled water had been for. To keep her and the other one, Harlan, alive in the summer heat, but also to provide The Doctor with tangible evidence that her training was complete.
The Doctor had watched while Sharon wet herself every few hours, the dark circle of concrete under her sore hip growing darker. Then she just couldn’t go. She tried but her urethra felt like a solid piece of metal. After a short time, her bladder began to feel like a brick in her gut, all edges and grit. He’d known something was wrong before she said anything. He could do that, could tell how she felt, almost like a watchful parent. He’d asked her what was wrong, shook the pill bottle to get her attention, and she’d started to cry. “I can’t go, I can’t go,” she’d whimpered in the half-light. Sharon had seen an exhibit of Catholic art at the Met a long time ago and the look that came over The Doctor’s face then reminded her of the Virgin Mother gazing on the precious Child. He was so proud of her. “You may go now, Sharon,” he’d said and it had all come rushing out of her. All of it.
Not long after, he’d driven her back into the city and pushed her out of the car a few blocks from the station. Before opening the door, he’d shaken the bottle, her soul coffer, and made her promise she’d fulfill both parts of the plan. After delivering her message to the blondie, Sharon was to wait an hour and then assist The Doctor in his great scheme. How fitting that it would be born in the bowels of a hospital.
Sharon looked up as the nurse checked her IV. She was a tiny woman, Asian. Her name tag said G. Rodriguez. Filipina. Glossy hair, page boy cut. A lot of nurses were being imported from the Philippines these days. She’d read that somewhere. Hard to think with the Valium drip. Great stuff, but not as lovely as the little pieces of her soul. Soon none of that would matter. She would do his bidding and The Doctor would give her all of her soul back forever. “Your color’s looking better,” G. Rodriguez said, but she scowled. “I wish you’d close your eyes and get some sleep, officer. You need to rest.”
Officer. That’s right. She’d been a cop. Sharon glanced at the uniform standing guard in the hall, just visible through the chickenwire windows. “Could you send him in here, please?”
“You should really sleep.”
“I know. I will,” she slurred. “I just thought of something I forgot to tell them. It’s important.”
That scowl again, tiny like the nurse. Sharon wanted to step on G. Rodriguez’s face. Instead she pleaded, “It could help save a life.”
“All right,” the nurse said. “Wait a second.”
“Thank you.” Sharon watched G. Rod whisper to the uniform. Fucking cops and healthcare workers were all the same, all you had to do was tell them it was about saving a life. She was beyond that now, higher. The uniform strolled in and loomed over her, G. Rod standing just behind. His gun was slung for a southpaw. He was trying to maintain professional distance, but Sharon could see the rage. He wanted a piece of who ever had done to this to her so bad he was actually mad at her. Sharon was as close as he could get to the real perp. “You got something else to report?”
Sharon whispered, “Closer.”
Officer and nurse leaned in like a mythological two-headed monster. Sharon’s right hand pawed the air, a limp rag. “Closer. Throat hurts.”
They leaned closer, the cop was practically on top of her, wearing the nurse like a backpack. It was almost funny. In fact, Sharon let out a laugh as she popped the holster lock with practiced fingers, grabbed his gun, clicked the safety off and thumbed the hammer. No time to rack a shell. She just hopped he kept one in the pipe. 
The Glock-40 popped, a champagne cork that immediately overloaded her hearing. A dime-sized hole appeared just over the uniform’s left eyebrow. The back of his head burst as if someone had snuck a cheery bomb into his head while he was looking the other way. Tee-hee, joke’s on you, Ossifer! A shower of moist warmth coated G. Rod, her eyelashes flickering. Sharon watched her lips round over an “Oops!” and put a hollow-point in her mouth. The slug did its special trick, expanding into a spinning plate as it contacted the back of G. Rod’s throat. Three-quarters of her tiny neck exploded out from the base of the skull to the top of her tiny shoulders. Drugs or not, Sharon Dimke had always been a crack shot.
Well, now this was quite a scene. The uniform was slumped over the bed like a big ol’ Doberman Sharon had once owned. The back of his head bloomed like a meat and bone flower. Kind of reminded her of that scene from Alien after the beasty busted through that English guy’s chest. She fucking loved Sigorney Weaver in that movie. G. Rod had flown most of the way across the room and had incredibly settled in the chair by the door, bent over as if she were taking a lil’ between shifts siesta. Bent way over. Her head was just about in her lap, hanging on by the sinew in the front.
Sharon grunted and pushed the uniform off her legs. “You couldn’t have just sat down like G. Rod, oh nooo.” She could hear herself on the last few words, the ring in her ears reducing to nearly normal background hum, the “nooo” dopplering down like a receding siren. Sharon had clocked a lot of time on the range in her day. She was used to that. She gave the IV a longing last stare and yanked it out of her arm with a wince and a hiss. Never liked the feeling of needles in her veins. Loved what they delivered, but a piece of metal in her arm was just yucky.
“Speakin’ of yucky,” Sharon stepped over the uniform and wove over to G. Rod, her butt swinging free and easy in the hospital gown. Adrenaline was kicking through her big-time now, but she was still a little wobbly. No matter. All she had to do was keep on her feet for a few more minutes. She put the pistol down on G. Rod’s lap and checked her pockets. Sharon had to push the head out of the way to get to the ID badge clipped to her scrubs and something in her ruined neck went off like a big knuckle. “Bleagh,” Sharon said and giggled. She gave a good yank, freeing the passcard. “Gotcha’,” she said and straightened up.
The room didn’t straighten as quickly as she had. It rolled around the corners of her vision. Felt like there was too much space between her brain and her skull. She put her hands on the arms of the chair and leaned down to steady herself. Sharon opened her eyes and found herself staring at the top of G. Rod’s exposed spine, a knob of moist white bone in a jellied mess. Now that was really pretty interesting. She could see nerves and everything. No wonder The Doctor did what he did. Not that she could possibly compare herself with The Doctor. He was the everything smart and powerful and she was, she was…
The room sharpened, the air crystalline. Every wrinkle on G. Rod’s uniform pulsed into relief. Each piece of wet flesh winked at her. She was a murderer. She was Igor to his Frankenstein. She was Renfield to his Dracula. Slowly, business-like, Sharon picked up the gun and put the barrel in her mouth. It tasted like grease and hot ceramic. She inhaled the breath of a glass dragon. The hammer was still back from her last two shots. All she had to do was flex her thumb.
She yanked it out and smacked herself on the top of the head with her other hand. “The fuck?” had she been thinking? It’s not like she was going to be alive in a few minutes anyway. Might as well finish the plan. If she were going to die, she could at least get paid for it. And Sharon Dimke was pretty sure The Doctor wasn’t going to give her soul back if she didn’t deliver. He’d be there on the other side of the big flash and hand her the keys. He’d be there. He would. He promised.
But she needed to get moving. People would be swarming this room any second. Sharon’s practical nature kicked in. She unbuckled the gunbelt from the uniform and strapped it on under the hospital gown. She edged the door open and slipped her nose slowly, slowly into the hallway. She could hear people around the corner, voices raised, smelled their alarm and went the other way, padded barefoot down the hall and swiped her stolen passcard at the first locked door. She slipped inside and pulled the door closed behind her, knocking over a mop leaned against the wall. Supply room for housekeeping. She smiled and shook her head back and forth. The power of The Doctor was truly great. He’d led her right to it. She peered through the square of chicken-wire window into the hall as several more people blurred past toward her room. Directly across from her was a stairwell. The door warned “Authorized Personnel Only”.
Sharon turned and looked around. She only needed three things and they were all right there. Two gallon-sized plastic bottles and a bucket. The root of providence is “provide” and The Doctor had done it for her yet again. Thank goodness she hadn’t faltered back in the room. Thank goodness.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 27

CHARLIE DID AS he was told and kept his mouth shut. Fine had said someone was coming and loped off into the dark again. He’d stopped just before the dark swallowed him up and flashed a look back at Charlie with those mercury eyes. The soreness behind Charlie’s ribs flared into a bright spike then retreated to a tolerable throb. Charlie nodded quickly, his lips pressed shut. No noise or he was dead. He got it already.
After another moment he couldn’t hear Fine’s footsteps. He was here, though, lurking like a wolf spider. The only sound was Charlie’s hushed breathing. Even the pigeons in the rafters were silent. Charlie looked at the pile of feathers and delicate orange claws a few feet away. Shit, maybe there weren’t any more pigeons up there. He squinted into the dark at the heap of rags and trash that was what was left of Harlan. He couldn’t tell if Harlan was still breathing or not. God. His eye had been out. His eye.
Charlie had to not panic. He had to keep it together for Emily. If there was something he could do, he had to be ready to do it. He had to be ready to move. Had to be ready to fight a man who could stop his heart by thinking about it. 
A crash and tinkling glass sounded from somewhere up in pigeonville followed by the tick-tick-tick of a small, hard object skittering across the warehouse floor. The hell had that been? Charlie tensed. He didn’t think he could be more tense, but there it was—aluminum muscles into diamond. His mind felt light, untethered. This was how people got brainwashed he decided. You just scared them long enough and their brains floated away out of their noses. A sudden storm of giggles threatened just behind his uvula, but the memory of those silver eyes flashing in the dark tamped them back down his rusty throat. 
It came to him then. There was nothing he could do. In a few minutes, Emily would come and he would die. That was what he could do. He could die. It was the only thing he would be able to do. He would make noise, piss off Fine and get himself killed. If he wasn’t there as leverage against her, Fine couldn’t use Emily.
Blood rushed in Charlie’s ears. His breath rasped little puffs off the warehouse floor like Gulliver blowing a sandstorm over a Lilliputian dust bowl. He wanted to howl, to scream, to make any noise, but fear of Fine kept him silent, panting. He was frozen stiff with it. He wanted to break the handcuffs and lunge into the dark after the spider waiting to suck his woman dry. He would break his teeth on its filthy chitin hide.
- click -
Blood sluiced back into his hands and burned in his fingertips. His wrists were free. The cuffs had somehow unlocked. Somehow his ass. Charlie rolled over and peered into the dark. Emily. It had to have been her.
“Em! Emily,” he whispered. For one ridiculous moment he realized he was about to sound like something out of a Scooby Doo episode. “Get the hell out of here. Trap! Trap! It’s a tr—”
Pain then. A mountain on his chest. The tusk of an elephant thrust in his back and protruding through his nipple, dripping his life away. Grinding gears and gnashing steel teeth mangling him between his lungs. If he’d had the power, Charlie would have killed himself to escape it for even a second. All he could do was lay on the floor like a twisted piece of copper.
Fine stepped out into the dim light from the warehouse windows. His left hand shook at his side like a silent laugh. “Of course she knows it’s a trap. Don’t you, Emily?”
Fine kept Charlie in the periphery of his mind, his stuttering heart clutched tight, but not too tight. Not yet. Fine could smell her, could sense the weight of the emotions she held behind her like a lake behind a dam. He gave Charlie a little squeeze; he yelped and spasmed. “You should come out and talk with me before I kill your friend. There’s no one here to aid poor Mr. Dunbar should something go wrong.” He wrenched another cry from Charlie and dropped his voice to an inhuman bass. “No one nurses the nurse, eh Charlie-boy?”
Still nothing from the darkness. Fine turned, scanning the room with his senses, but the sheer enormity of emotion she filtered kept Emily’s location blurred, ten million flares overloading his heat-seeking nose. He had to have that in-exhaustible fountain of potential terror. Fine glared at the nurse and Charlie howled in agony.
A steel pillar about ten feet to Fine’s left filled the air with a tremendous shrieking, a flock of Canadian geese amplified a hundred times. The metal wrenched and twisted, throwing a weak orange glow. Pieces of debris and dust sifted down from the section of roof it held and the concrete at its base cracked into a hundred tiny canyons. Drum could feel the heat baking his face, his eyes reflecting orange and fading back to iron as the metal cooled. A man with an unbroken mind might have begun to rethink his course at this point.
Drum smiled. He would own this power as surely as he owned Sharon and her gun. “Do that again, Emily, and you’ll have the pleasure of watching Charlie cough his heart up like a hairball.”
“Do you know the first rule of negotiation, Phobia Killer?”
Drum whirled. The old man from the park sauntered out from behind another pillar. Drum spun out his mental hands and wrapped piano wire around the old man’s heart. Behind him Charlie let out a sigh and lapsed into blissful unconsciousness. 
Samuels kept his feet, but only just. It hurt, but he’d been expecting it and it wasn’t a killing blow. He was being held, examined. “The first rule,” he gasped, “is that you accept that you can’t have it all. You have to give something up to get something.”
Drum sent a pulse through those piano wires. Samuels hissed but forced himself not to grab at his chest like some old woman expiring in the kitchen from angina. He was tired of living at the mercy of his body’s whims and winges. If he was going to charge over the hill one last time, then by God he would do it with dry boots. He would not cower nor whimper at the feet of a broken man-monster. Greta was close now. Aaron Samuels would walk into the circle of her arms with his head up.
“Take you, for example,” he said. “You’ve just given up the advantage.”
Drum eyes narrow to slits. “What do you mean?”
Samuels drew himself up against those gripping internal claws. “Turn around, Phobia Killer. She’s gotten really good.”
Drum revolved on the balls of his feet to find a track in the dust snaking into the gloom where Charlie had lay. What welled in him was not rage. Anger has heat. This was a dead thing, older than him, older than the world. It waits for the right people and the right times to flow. When soldiers—men with families and children of their own—rape and mutilate the children of others; when scientists discover a terrible potential and write it down instead of locking it away; when young children turn on their infant siblings in their cribs, this is the thing that rises as it rose in Drummond Fine. There was a sound like a wet phone book being torn in two. Half of Aaron Samuels fell forward in the dust, half fell back. And the blood…the blood flowed around all of it. Even the divided smile on his face.

* * *

EMILY WATCHED FINE from her hiding place as he thrashed her lover. She crouched on a catwalk that ran along the far wall high above the warehouse floor. When she and Samuels had crept into the belly of the toad she had played it like a good primate and sought the high ground, gripping her own body in a gentle wind and floating up. She’d stepped onto the catwalk then looked down, ready to pull Samuels up with her now that she was sure there was a safe place to stand, but he’d gone. Where the hell? She was frozen on her perch, the situation spinning away from her control with every second. 
Emily could feel her strength ramp up in tandem with her pulse, wave upon wave of energy layering like a chain-reaction. She yearned to inject it all into Fine, exploding him, but she didn’t know what that might do to Charlie. Would it be like shooting the bad guy only to have his finger twitch on the trigger in the last second? She couldn’t risk it. Fine had the proverbial gun to Charlie’s heart. But the power was rising, beating in her, cycling up with each of Charlie’s strangled cries.
“No one nurses the nurse, eh Charlie-boy?”
Her man’s name in that bastard’s mouth was sin. Emily let the power out and slammed it into the pillar a few feet away from Fine. Her hands tightened on the railing of the catwalk, wringing it like a chicken’s neck. Particles of rust sparkled in the low light as they snowed down. When it was over and the forge glow faded from the thick, twisted steel Emily gawped for a moment. That she could do these things!
She pulled her hands off the railing and cradled the right in her lap as it jumped like a trout out of water. No time for these damned after-effects. She could practically hear Charlie chiding her for it, but Emily threw another bolt of will at her hand and it stilled. Certainty settled in her. This time the voice in her head was her father’s. You’re going to have to pay for all this soon, Sheriff Andy Burton said.
Fine. Whatever. She’d pay in full. She’d pay loan shark fucking interest, too, but first she had to win. She had to get Charlie and Samuels and get the hell out of there. You need to do more than that, girl. Emily’s throat went dry, metallic. She grimaced and something just shy of a rueful smile flickered over her lips. Turned out she was cop just like her Daddy, after all. In the end she didn’t need a badge to know that her duty here was twofold: protect and serve. The protection part was looking after her love and her friend. The serve part was about keeping the bad man from hurting anyone else.
She stared at the tableaux below. If she could only get Charlie out of harm’s way it would free her to open up a fresh can of Wisconsin Whup-Ass without risking him. Charlie screamed. Emily waved her hands (the good one and the one that felt like a bag of frozen peas) in front of her has if she’d burned them on the stove. What could she do? There was no time. Charlie screamed again. She stood up and opened her mouth to yell “Stop!” when Samuels stepped into the path of the train.
Now, girl! Move! She whipped her power out and lashed it around Charlie. Careful, quiet, so quiet, she lifted his bulk only a quarter inch. Any higher would risk Fine’s attention. Emily held her breath and reeled him in, laying Charlie in the crook between the wall and floor. (She’d have floated him right out the door and into the trunk of her car if she could have, but it seemed she had to be able to see what she was touching with her mind.) She could feel his warmth, smell him all over her as if she were snuggled into one of his shirts. Hot tears welled up in her eyes. One fell and splashed on his cheek far below. His long eyelashes fluttered.
It only took moments to get Charlie to safety—just long enough for her to look up in time to see Samuels ripped in half like a sheet of paper. Emily spasmed with the shock and sat back hard against the wall. Her head hit the cinderblocks and red flashed in her vision. 
She stood up as if propelled by something outside of her, her will pulling her to her feet faster than her physical ability to do so. She lunged onto the railing and sailed out into space. Again, the summer wind caught her and set her down. There were no voices in her head now.
It was time to serve.
Emily Burton, daughter of Andrew, walked into the light.
Drummond Fine turned to face her.

* * *

SHARON DIMKE STARED at the hospital’s main boiler. It looked like a big metal spider crouched in a web of rusting pipes. For a moment she was sure she would fail The Doctor. How was she supposed to find the—what did he call it—the main pressure valve? But a second later it made itself visible. Not appearing out of nowhere, but just kind of realizing itself. The big red valve wheel seemed to glow.
All she had to do was raise the pressure into the critical zone. The ensuing explosion would vaporize just about everything in the room including the two big jugs of bleach and ammonia she had brought with her. The Doctor had explained it all: They would mix and the gas would waft up and out with the steam cloud. Sharon would waft up and out of the hell she called her life. On the other side her soul would be waiting for her. He’d promised.
Sharon carried the two sloshing jugs over to base of the boiler, the fumes already stinging her sinuses. She uncapped them and turned to the valve. A yellowed tag hung from a twist of wire. She squinted at the old typed lettering:

Main Pressure Release
Manual Override
DON’T NOT TOUCH!!!

Don’t not touch. That was kind of cute. Sharon imagined the facilities manager who’d printed up this tag: an older man, first generation Greek or Italian immigrant. That was a taste of real New York, a splash of the human stew that made this city. His image wavered into view in a dark corner of the room, waggling one hairy-knuckled finger. Heyah, you-ah dere! Don’t not touch-a dat! Sharon squeezed her eyes shut and shook it off. She was hurting bad now for the Oxy, the chemical messenger from her soul calling out for her to reclaim it.
She wrapped her fingers around the red valve wheel. Don’t not touch. Okay, if you say so. She yanked hard to the left. Lefty-loosey, righty-tighty, but all she managed was a grunt and what would most likely be a very sore shoulder in the morning…if she were going to have a morning. Sharon swore and threw herself at the valve, tearing at it, sweat popping out on her skin in the heavy boiler-room air. The flimsy hospital gown slipped off her shoulder exposing her left breast. She heaved and felt more muscle tissue tear.
Sharon reeled back, almost knocking over the bottles of bleach and ammonia. The dim basement dimmed further. “Whoa-oh,” she dipthonged, swaying on her bare feet a moment. There was a tiny splotch of fuck-me-red nail polish on her big toe left over from the last time she’d cared enough about her body to paint it. How long had that been, three weeks? A month? Red nail-polish. Red valve-wheel. Sharon blinked. Okay, to hell with this. She yanked the hospital gown out of the way and pulled the Glock. She put the muzzle a few inches away from the where the valve-wheel attached to the pipe and turned her face away.
BLAM!
Sharon went deaf again, but more than her ears were ringing. She looked down at the fist sized hole in her abdomen just below and to the right of her belly button. Her mouth an “O”, she glanced from the valve-wheel to her belly, back to the valve-wheel. There was a tiny chip in the red paint and it looked like it might have turned a degree or two. The hollowpoint slug had just ticked off the iron valve wheel and ricocheted back through her stomach.
“That didn’t just happen.”
She stared at the hole in her body and shook her head. In another second she was going to lose consciousness and die in this fucking basement without having carried out The Doctor’s will. She would expire and what? No soul. The Doctor had promised her she could have her soul back but only when she completed the plan. No explosion, no soul. The dark would simply eat her. No, it couldn’t be that way.
Sharon let out a savage grunt and threw herself at the valve-wheel. A loop of intestine slipped out of her belly with a whiff of shit and scored iron. Sharon hauled on the wheel as the world began to gray at the edges. “Not yet,” she said. “Not yet.” She yanked and yanked, throwing the last of her energy into her task. Please, please, please. “PLEASE!” she screamed and the metal screamed back as the wheel hauled over to the left. A dusty red light bulb in a steel cage burned into life and flashed its warning, but she didn’t see it. Sharon Dimke collapsed into a pile of her own hot guts. She was staring at the gage next to the valve and the little black arrow that was steadily climbing into the danger zone.
It happened fast. The pipes sprouting from the main boiler began to shake, dust snowing down. She felt the sneeze rise in her sinuses and realized that if she gave in she was dead. A sneeze would be enough to send her over the edge. An alarm began to bray in time with the flashing red light. The boiler was actually beginning to swell outward like some cartoon robot that’s eaten too many metal sandwiches. An ancient bolt popped and rocketed past her head on a jet of superheated steam. Sharon sneezed and agony like nothing she had ever felt lit up her insides. Her face twisted into a silent hell-mask. Sharon had a final realization: the pain was real. The pills and the rest of it had always been the lie. Pain was everlasting.
The last thing Sharon Dimke saw was the red valve-wheel shooting off the manual override pipe. It sheared through her skull like the blade of a pizza cutter. An instant later the boiler howled a long low note, the world’s biggest teapot, and exploded. 

* * *

EMILY STOOD A few feet away from Fine. She no longer attempted to steady the tremors in her right hand and noticed with a detached curiosity that his left hand shook as well. Weak arc-sodium light sprayed in from the street. It was dark but there was enough to see by, to mark Fine where he stood and Samuels where he lay shattered.
Emily spared a glance over Fine’s shoulder then locked his flat, reflective eyes with her own. She’d never felt anything like this before. Empty. She was here to kill another human being and felt nothing. She understood him then—how death bleached the mind. The great rushing chorus of all of THEM! receded even farther. Could she have become like him if her life had been different? There was a time, not so long ago, when she might have considered it. In the face of the madness wrought by so many alien emotions anything would have been an improvement. When it had come down to ending it, she’d chosen to take her own life. Fine had turned outward.
For what seemed like a long time they stood and stared. Emily half-expected a spiky ball of russian thistle to go rolling between them. This was more than two cowboys itching to draw and shoot. They were opposing nuclear powers with their fingers on the button. In the same amount of time it would take Fine to stop her heart Emily could hurl him against the far wall with enough force to pulp his bones.
It was her curiosity that broke the silence.
“You can feel people’s emotions, like me,” Emily asked, “is that right?”
Fine tipped his head to the side. Without her mate as a control they were equals. She with her brute strength, he with his precise aim. His control over the nurse would have served to disarm her. Now…well, this was going to be interesting. “You’re curious about me,” he said. “Did you think you were alone, miss Burton?”
“Did you?”
“When I was younger than you are now, I thought I was the only real person in the city, on the planet, and that everyone else was some species of specter sent to torment me.” He grinned and spread his hands. “Now, I know they’re just people.”
But they’re still not really there for you, are they? “Do you understand what’s happened to us?”
“I know that when we crossed, something changed. Humans are interesting creatures. Our intelligence quotient is increased by exposure to new stimuli. Rats in ‘enriched environments’ containing other rats become smarter than test subjects left in solitary confinement.”
Emily remembered her hand print embossed in the grill of that SUV, smashing in the chrome ribs as easily as she could punch through a wet wicker basket. She thought of how that might look on Fine’s solar plexus.
A normal person would have been disquieted by her smile, but Fine was amused. She was imagining his murder. Like to like indeed.
“We learned from each other.” She shook her head. “You think it could have happened that fast?”
“Who’s to say? To my knowledge—and let me assure you I’ve researched the topic extensively over the years—there are no real experts.” He showed his teeth. “Save for the two of us, perhaps.”
“But how come I can throw around the furniture and you…?”
“Break? Hearts?”
Emily flicked her eyes over Fine’s shoulder and tipped her chin at the savaged remains of a kind old man. “You can do a hell of a lot more than that.” God, that could have been Charlie. God! For a moment, she hated herself for even thinking it.
Fine indicated the twisted steel pillar to his left like a spokesmodel on a showroom floor. “And it would seem that you can do a hell of a lot more than throw the furniture around, Miss Burton. That was impressive, by the way. I’m surprised the roof hasn’t fallen in yet. Do you think that if it does Mr. Dunbar will be crushed in the rubble with us?”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“Oh, as to that, well… I think it must have something to do with our own personalities. You see, I’m a medical doctor with a particular interest in the cardiovascular system.”
“Thought you were a shrink.”
“Indeed, but shrinks go to medical school just like everyone else before they specialize. Specialization is what this is all about, I think. I break hearts, as it were, because I have an intimate knowledge of, and fascination with them. You have a more extraverted approach to your new ability because you understand the world in terms of events outside of yourself.”
“Interesting theory.” He was hard to read behind those glasses, so flat.
“Tell me, Miss Burton,” his voice pranced, “has the empathy made life a little blurry for you? Your friend Harlan told me you traveled here from a very small town. It’s emotionally noisy here in our great city. The individuals are nearly impossible to differentiate unless one pushes. In—oh, what did he say? Janesville! One can only assume that the low population density thinned the boundaries between your psyche and those of your neighbors.
“My professional opinion, Emily, is that you’ve never known your own internal workings very well at all. In fact, I’d wager these last few days in Manhattan have been your first as a defined individual. In short: your power is outwardly focused, because that’s all you know.”
The skin around her mouth tightened at the sound of her home in his mouth. She remembered Daddy’s lesson about using a person’s name to gain an edge over them. It worked with other important names, too. And he was right about her. These last few days had been an introduction to herself, but instead of trying to find out who she was, she’d drawn closer to other people, running from the prospect of spending any time alone. If it wasn’t with Charlie it was with poor Samuels.
It doesn’t change a thing about the here and now. Her father’s voice again.
Through her numbness Emily heard herself ask, “So how’s this going to work?”
Fine snuffled the air. “You’re not afraid.”
“No. I just want all this to be over.”
“As do I, Miss Burton.”
“Your hand’s shaking.”
“So is yours.”
Emily half-smiled. “Charlie thinks I’m killing myself or something. Every time I use this new whatever-the-hell-it-is.”
“Ah, yes, your Nurse Dunbar.” Fine seemed to probe the dark over her shoulder, but he could barely make her out let alone anything else outside a circle of about ten feet. His eyes, beautiful and strange, were nearly blind. “I can feel him. You moved him, but I can still feel him.”
“Why are you doing all of this? Can I actually give you something to make you stop?” Emily set her shoulders. “What do you want me to do?”
“To submit, Emily. Merely that.”
“Merely that.”
Drum stuck his hands in pants pockets and leaned back on his heels. Just your average guy makin’ conversation. “You know, I have a theory about our abilities.”
“Something else?”
“Indeed. I might even consider writing a paper. I’ve had an inspiration concerning the original well-spring of our shared abilities: the empathy itself. Miss Burton, you have much more empathic power than I.”
“Great. You want it, you can fucking have it. I came here to blow my brains out to get rid of it.”
Drum took a step closer and stopped himself. “I do want it. I want it very much. All of this,” he swept his arm around in a dramatic arc, “was arranged so that you and I might share.”
She wasn’t sure she wanted to know, but asked, “Why?”
“Very soon, if hasn’t happened already, the entire city will be engulfed in a wave of fear it hasn’t experienced since Nine-Eleven. As you know, I have an affinity for fear. It’s clean, you seen? That last, great burst of terror as a person succumbs to death under the weight of his own phobia is bliss.”
“What’s that got to do with me? Can’t you just go surfing on this fear wave, or whatever, on your own?”
“Not to the extent you can, Miss Burton. I’m not as gifted as you in that regard.”
“So what do you want?”
He smiled, a sick old man leaning out of a van with a lolly pop. “To tap you, Miss Burton. To feel through you.”
Emily fell back a step as the revulsion spiked. When she and Samuels had encountered Fine in the Park, it had been like sticking a toe into his poisonous psychic pool. Now, he wanted to pour himself down her throat.
“I can’t do that.” She grimaced, not giving a shit if it was safe to offend him or not. She wanted puke. “Even if I would go along with something like that, it would wipe me out. Actually allowing all of that in at the same time? And you on top of it? No.”
His face was a piece of stone.
Understanding dawned on Emily’s face. “That’s why you grabbed Charlie. I thought you took him just to get me out here because you wanted to kill me or something. But you wanted me for this fear wave stuff. You thought you could, what, like hold him for ransom or something? Hurt him unless I did what you wanted because you can’t just make me do it?”
“Yes.”
“Guess we screwed up your little plan pretty good, then, huh?”

* * *

CHARLIE OPENED HIS eyes in the dark with the sensation (for the second time that long, horrible night) that someone had been beating on his chest with a sledge-hammer. He knew he was still in the warehouse because of the smell. Pigeons. Fine had killed those pigeons, piling them at his feet where they fell from the rafters. Fine had done what then? He’d wrapped Charlie in a glowing fog of pain so intense the memory of it now filled him with terror. Charlie pulled his knees up to his chest and shook. He’d never been so afraid in his life. 
In the dark, voices, a woman. His woman and the monster.
“To tap you, Miss Burton. To feel through you.”
Charlie slowed his breathing. Breathing was loud and if Fine heard him the pain would come back. Charlie was cold. It was high summer and he was freezing, almost expecting to see his breath smoking in front of him. Shock. Charlie clapped a hand over his mouth as a giggle threatened to spill out and flare his position. He had to get a hold of himself. People in shock, especially when they’ve been terrorized, don’t think clearly. He was the patient now.
Charlie lay on his back, aware of the wall next to him and the empty floor spreading out into gloom on the other side. He lay his hands on his sore, sore chest and took slow, even breaths. After thirty seconds he felt better, more himself. He was still scared shitless, but now he feared like a man instead of an animal. His chest even felt better. Charlie sat up and listened.
“That’s why you grabbed Charlie,” he heard Emily say. She sounded strange, flat. “You thought you could, what, like hold him for ransom or something? Hurt him unless I did what you wanted because you can’t just make me do it?” No, not flat. She was enraged.
Charlie sat with his head cocked to one side and considered the situation. Emily and Fine could do each other in a heartbeat. Yikes, bad pun, but seriously. All either one of them had to do was think about it. Charlie was supposed to be the edge in Fine’s little equation, but Emily had gotten him away somehow. It had to have been her. How else could he have gotten all the way across the floor like this? Now that he was out of play, though, they were stuck. Eventually one of them would have to act and they would likely both die.
Charlie got up. His legs were shaking, but not because he was shocky anymore. In fact, he felt strong, solid. Hell, if you wanted to be honest, he felt better than he had in years. His chest no longer hurt and the grooves in his wrists where Fine had cuffed him no longer burned. Even his old torn rotator cuff (a constant background buzz of discomfort) was being quiet. Adrenaline and endorphins, had to be. Considering what he was about to do it made sense. He was swimming in the body’s own cocaine cocktail.
Charlie slipped out of his shoes and hoped that Emily and Fine would be too busy paying attention to each other to feel him padding across the floor. Emily never said anything about being able to locate hidden things. All it would take is a second of distraction, just a second. If he could throw Fine for an instant, Emily could get the drop. Please, God, Charlie prayed, help her not to hesitate. If she didn’t act right away, Fine would kill him and it would be deadlock again. Except he didn’t think Emily would be able to maintain her cool after that. She would attack and they would kill each other.
He could just leave. He could walk the other way and out into the night instead of toward their voices. He could escape and live. He could escape and never see the woman he loved again. Charlie smiled in the dark and felt deep, easy warmth spread through his body from the belly out. He could no more leave Emily Burton than he could walk out on a trauma case in the ER. There was no question. He had to walk forward. In the next minute or so, Charlie Dunbar would die, but he would die very well.

* * *

EMILY SAW CHARLIE too late to stop him. All her concentration was on Fine and it was so dark in the warehouse. Charlie just seemed to appear at the corner of her eye, coming in directly between her and Fine. In the instant she registered him she understood his purpose. Emily didn’t even have time to say, “Babe, no.”

* * *

DRUM’S BAD EYES caught the flicker of the nurse a full second after Emily. Once when Drum was a boy, he’d stood across the street from a house fire in the old neighborhood. He’d been a good hundred feet away, but when the wind shifted, the heat painted his skin and he understood the true ferocity of the blaze. Drum had that same sensation of incredible power coming to bear as Emily Burton turned her will on him. He felt the ground fall away from his heels and lashed out with all he had.

* * *

DRUM WAS FASTER. He caught them both.

* * *

EMILY WENT DOWN on one knee as a ball of fire erupted behind her breast. Charlie clamped a claw over his own chest and fell backward as if he’d been struck. His head gave a wet crack as he hit the concrete. Fine lifted only an inch and dropped back to the ground.
Emily gave a strangled sob. It was over.
Fine walked toward her, holding his hands out like a wizard, his left palpitating the air toward Charlie and the right—stiff as stone—over Emily. Even through the gray veil that was descending over her mind she had time to think He’s focusing himself that way, so he can hold us at the same time. 
“It’s simple, yes? Move and your Charlie dies. Do as I say. Open yourself to me so I can feel all the others and he lives.”
“If…if…,” she panted. God, it hurt. “If you let him go, I’ll do whatever you want.” She winced and groaned, disgusted at her own surrender.
“You’re already going to do that, Emily. Thanks to your nursey-nurse and his ill-conceived heroism I now hold all the cards again.” He bent at the waist, his eyes enormous. “If I so much as suspect that you’re attempting to use your telekinesis, I’ll pop his heart like a water balloon.”
“Yes. Just. God. Stop squeezing.” She whined through wet sinuses. Fine had felt her using her power before she could focus enough to do anything more than pick him up an inch off the ground. If she tried to use it now… No matter. She’d come to this city expecting to eat a bullet. Instead she’d found a real friend in an old man, and a young man to love who loved her. She’d found the beginnings of herself. Emily smiled weakly. She’d been lucky to get his much.
Fine eased up, but she could feel his mental fingers like eels in her chest, slipping and sliming around her core. “Stand up, Miss Burton.”
Emily got to her feet, head bowed low. She shoved her hands into the pockets of her hoodie like a little kid who’s been caught stealing and must now face the music from an angry father.
Drummond Fine sniffed the air. She was finally afraid. The anticipation of their impending union sweated off her. He could hardly blame her. He was about to drown them both in the terror of millions. He didn’t expect either of them to survive the mental onslaught. If their bodies lived, their minds would surely be burned away. For him, it was the final cleansing act, his Rapture. Drum wondered if poor Mr. Dunbar would be killed. Drum’s proverbial trigger finger might slip. He thought it likely.
Fine probed once more to be certain Emily wasn’t gathering her telekinetic will and nodded. “Good, we’re ready. I think we should join hands, don’t you?”
Emily stared at his feet; ugly loafers. “Whatever.”
“Give me your hands.”
Emily pulled her hands out of her jacket. Her left was empty. Her right held her father’s service pistol. 
Drum bore down with all his mental force on her heart.
Emily pulled the trigger twice. She hadn’t meant to but each bullet found one of the Phobia Killer’s strange eyes; lead for silver. Her pulse slammed to a halt and the dark descended like a hood. Emily Burton, daughter of Andrew, lover of Charles, was dead before her body even hit the floor.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 28

“WAKE UP SLEEPYHEAD.”
Emily rolled over, inhaling the shampoo scent of her own hair on the pillow. She turned her face away from the light. “Unnhm,” she said.
The soft squeak of springs and gravity pulled her toward the person who now sat on the side of the bed. “C’mon, kiddo, wake up.”
Emily rolled onto her back and sighed. “It’s too early.” But the light filtering through her eyelids told her it was, in fact, well into the day. She pushed her legs out straight and stretched, her arms out to her sides, yawning with a kitten screech. Her right hand pushed into the hip of whoever had yanked her out of her lovely slumber. Emily Burton opened her eyes and smiled at a woman in her mid-thirties. She had high cheekbones and quick, green eyes. Her dark hair was scraped back into a utilitarian ponytail that reached halfway down her back. Emily knew that when that hair was spread out it would reveal a thousand molten streaks of copper, gold, and bronze.
“Hi, mommy.” Emily said. “What time is it?”
Lisa Burton winked at her daughter. “Now o’clock.”
Emily sat up, the sheet falling from the blue bra top with the underwires that always stuck her, except they weren’t. Without looking she knew her panties were the red ones. She recognized her room from their house in Janesville, but not as she had left it. The lace-trim duvet and My Little Pony poster over the child-sized desk; it was her old room; her childhood room. She squinted at the window, clean excitement rising. “It’s snowing.”
Her mother looked out the window. “Yep, lookit those puppy-dog flakes coming down. Daddy’s going to want some help with the driveway.”
“Ugh.” She hated shoveling snow. Loved playing in it. Hated shoveling it.
“Yeah, ugh,” Lisa said, “I know, but some things have just got to get done.”
Emily pulled her eyes away from the window and met her mother’s, held them. “You’re dead, mommy. You’ve been dead almost forever. It’s good to see you though.” Emily reached out and wrapped her arms around her mother. She laid her head on Lisa’s shoulder and her tears flowed warm and easy. “I missed you like crazy after the sonuvabitch patient killed you.”
Lisa smelled her daughter’s hair and kissed her where the soft spot had hardened so many years ago. “I missed you, too, kiddo. But,” she held Emily back, looked at her, “time’s open here.”
“Open?”
“Yes.”
“Daddy’s here?”
“Yes,” Lisa’s eyes flashed. “Downstairs making pancakes and wrapping Christmas and birthday presents.”
Emily laughed. “Awesome. Do I get both?”
“You get everything, everywhere, everywhen.”
“Charlie? Where’s Charlie.”
A voice from the door: “He’s here…in a way.”
Emily looked over, “Samuels!” then back at her mother. “So, I’m dead, right?” She beamed. “This is the shit!” 
Emily swung her legs over the side of the bed and was about to feel self-conscious for her lack of clothing when she realized she was actually wearing her jeans, blocky Doc Martens and an old tee shirt (The Smiths). With the tiniest sense of vertigo (or perhaps she just thought she should have felt some vertigo), Emily also realized that she was now sitting at the kitchen table. Samuels was sitting on the kitchen counter wearing his doorman uniform and kicking his legs like a kid instead of a seventy plus-year-old man. Her mother and Andy Burton sat across from her, “Hey, Daddy!” Emily cried.
“Hi, Scoot.”
“Did you see Mom’s here?”
Andy Burton made a show of slowly poking a finger into his wife’s upper arm.
“Ouch!” she said and lightly punched him the shoulder.
“Yep,” he said. “She’s right here.”
Emily looked at Samuels. “So you guys already know each other, right?”
They all answered with easy grins, eyes that loved.
“Hey,” she said to Samuels, “is your wife, here?” Emily was about to apologize that she’d forgotten her name, but then, “Greta, right?”
Samuels smiled. “Oh, she’s around. You can meet her later if you like, Miss Emily. I’m certain you’d get a kick out of one another.”
“Excellent. Oh, hey, where’s Charlie?”
Hands gently covered her eyes from behind. They were warm and smelled faintly of disinfectant. “Hey, gorgeous.”
Emily felt the tears come to her eyes, joy and joy and joy. It was all love. She knew it would be. Just knew it. We all do. 
She grabbed his hands and turned around in the circle of his arms. Now they were entwined in his bed, slick and sweet after love making. The window was open and a chorus of doppelering sirens and car horns wafted in on the back of a Manhattan breeze. It cooled her brow and sweaty hair. The quiet, sure ticking of his old alarm clock measured out the un-seconds. She licked the salt from Charlie’s bald dome and kissed the corner of his mouth. “Hi, babe,” she said. “Is dead cool or what?”
Charlie smiled and sighed the breath of a deeply contented man, but something was wrong. Emily felt—an absence? She looked into his eyes. They were the same faded, kind denim she knew but there was something, something… She squinted. “Hold still for a sec’.” Emily planted her palms on his shoulders and stared deep into his pupils. An image swam up from those wells. She saw another Charlie in a dark place, sitting on a dirty concrete floor. He cradled a body in his lap, his strong arms supporting the head and under the knees. His mouth was bent in an almost clownish expression of grief. She couldn’t hear him.
Emily blinked and looked at the Charlie in her now, in her there.
“You can be done,” he permitted, stroking a lock of hair away from her eyes. “Jobs over. You got him, Em. You were Annie Oakley back there.”
Emily was quiet. She could feel endless time and space spin out beneath her, within her. She was time and space. She was. The clock ticked, tocked, ticked. The clock kept an even rhythm, a beat to measure her time, her life. 
Her pulse.

* * *

DEATH CAGED CHARLIE. In front of him—the monster, Drummond Fine. He looked like he could have been napping. His glasses, though shattered, still sat on his face. His eyes no longer reflected anything but the emptiness behind them. His arms were splayed at his sides. His left hand lay palm down, right palm up, sweat evaporating. Neither shook. The back of his head was gone. Behind him the impossible remains of Emily’s friend, Mr. Samuels, cooled. Charlie had been unconscious that had happened, but it looked like the old man had been torn neatly in half. Harlan was somewhere behind him in the dark, his blood pooling, bacteria breaking him down one microscopic bite at a time. The process of decomposition puts off a fair amount of energy in the form of heat. A pathologist acquaintance once told Charlie that the industry term was “cooking.” Strange then that Emily already felt so cold.
Charlie held her in his lap as if she was a child who had fallen asleep on the couch and he was carrying her off to bed. Her head lay against his chest, her hair hiding her face. Though Charlie was silent, tears rolled and rolled from his eyes and wet her hair. The scent of shampoo and cordite rose. The gun—where had she gotten that gun?—lay a few feet away. He’d been barely alive and sure it was over when she’d pulled it out and shot the Fine in the face. His hold on Charlie’s heart had vanished as he directed his deadly mind into Emily.
Charlie hugged her tighter, rocking her slowly, slowly. He began to breathe a soft, rhythm with each motion. “Hmm, hmm, hmm.” The little noises grew louder, fed on the rain of his tears and began to echo in the warehouse. “Huh, huh, huh.”
She was so cold.
The echos melted together and he screamed.
He folded into a heap over her as his cry died away, utterly spent. His body shook and his arms burned with the weight of her empty frame. Still, he couldn’t let go. Her poor, poor heart. Charlie could see it in his mind’s eye, smashed under Fine’s psychic heel. Tears squeezed from his clamped eyes as he imagined her heart inflating, reversing the damage. God, he wanted that so much. He could see it so clearly, could practically feel it happening. Charlie pushed his face into the cleft between her breasts and pressed his lips to her. I love you so much.
Tump.
Charlie pulled his face away; sat up a little. Were her cheeks pink? The arc-sodium lights from outside. He slammed his ear against her chest. Again, the picture of her heart, so clear in his mind, was there waiting. He got an image of dark red blood flowing through, cleaning away the stillness. Now, the vessels that fed the heart muscle itself filled in, branching crimson and cornflower.
TUMP-tump.
“Ohgodohgodohgod.” He carefully spread Emily out on the floor, holding the back of her head in his palm to ease it against the concrete. He got a flash of her brain in molecular perfection Harlan’s MRI could never have achieved. A lesion glowed in her left hemisphere, smack in the area responsible for fine motor control. Charlie blinked. Her hand tremor, he was looking right at it. Well, sort of looking, but this was more than imagination. It actually began to seep a tiny bit which could only mean… Charlie lay his head on Emily’s chest.
TUMP-tump. TUMP-tump. TUMP-tump.
His head filled with TV snow and he had to force himself to slow his breathing before he fainted. Charlie put his hand on Emily’s forehead. Warm! Holyshitholyshitholyshit! Warm! He closed his eyes and the lesion swam into focus again. As he “watched” the little tear began to zip shut like the seal on a sandwich baggy. An instant later and even the line of scar tissue melted away.
Emily drew a sharp breath.
Charlie moved back a couple of feet and watched. There was no mistake, her chest was rising and falling and her color was coming back. Her fingers flexed at her side. Charlie slapped his hands on top of his head as if he were keeping it from blowing off. He lunged forward and pressed his first and second finger into her inner wrist. Her pulse was as steady as the tick-tock of his old alarm clock.
He made himself count to five before saying anything, fearful that he would shriek every word. After a moment he asked, “Emily? Can you hear me, honey?” He broke and sobbed the last word.
Emily Burton, daughter of Andrew and Lisa, turned toward her lover’s voice and opened her eyes. “Why is my head wet?” Her vision cleared. Charlie’s face was glowing with tears. She smiled and touched his cheek. “Oh.”

* * *

CHARLIE AND EMILY stood over Harlan’s remains. In the dark of the warehouse’s belly, he was little more than a pile of rags. Except. Except for the single open eye that stared up into the rafters. Charlie squatted down on his haunches and reached out. For a moment he just stayed that way, surveying the ruin of his friend. Emily said nothing, the emotion coming off Charlie flared like a neutron star. She was barely in control herself after all this trauma; she couldn’t afford to tap into him right now. Charlie flattened his palm against the side of Harlan’s head, ignoring the clotting blood. His voice was quiet and rusty.
“I met Harlan in the supply closet at Metropolitan Hospital.” He looked over his shoulder at Emily. “Anytime I go to a new shop, I try to stake out some corner where I can cop a nap when I catch a nightshift, you know?”
“Yeah, sure.” She wanted to touch him. Didn’t dare.
“Harlan was an intern,” he began stroking what remained of Harlan’s hair. “He’d been using that closet for a while already. I actually found him on the nod with a morphine spike hanging out of his forearm. I guess he’d been out for a while because when he came to, he was surprisingly with it.” Charlie laughed. “I just about jumped out of my fucking skin when this guy who looks like he’s practically overdosed suddenly jumped up and was like ‘Oh, shit, you can’t rat me out, okay?’”
“And you didn’t?”
“Man, I was close, I’ll tell you. But something in his stupid face, behind those big old coke-bottle guh—guh…” A sob racked through him. He wiped his nose and shook it off after a little while. “Something about those big fuckin’ goggles just got me. I trusted him. Can you believe that?”
Emily smiled and nodded her head a little too fast. Tears spilled over her cheeks. Even with her power held in check, her heart was shredding for him.
Charlie said, “Like the last thing you’re ever supposed to do is trust a junkie, right? But there was something in there.” He shook his head slowly back and forth and continued to pet Harlan as if he were a sleeping child. “He promised me he would get on top of it. He said that if I didn’t rat him out, he’d get on top of it and start doing good for people. That’s what he used to call it, ‘doing good’.” Charlie squeezed his eyes shut and balled his hand, now red, into a fist. “God, Em, do you know how strong willed he was to get over the junk like that? To do it on his own—on the strength of a fucking promise?” His breath shook out. “God, they must have had to hurt him really bad to get him tell about everything about us.”
Emily nodded. That much was obvious even in the dark. Fine and his golem, Sharon Dimke, had torn poor Harlan to pieces. She thought back to the day he met Charlie’s friend and how she’d used her new ability to yank those great big glasses off his face. Harlan had caught them and checked the frames for wires like he’d been worried they had him on Candid Camera or Punked.
“Charlie?”
He stood up, his knees cracking like extra-large bubble wrap. He took her hand and they stood over Harlan like a couple of kids lost in the woods.
“Is there something you could do for him,” she asked. “Like what you did for me?”
“What do you mean?”
“You don’t know?” She stood back from him; checked his face. “You don’t know. Charlie, you brought me back. I was dead. You fixed me. You healed me.” In spite of everything she smiled under the tears and some of them fell in joy as well as pain. 
It was so obvious. When she and Fine had both touched Samuels in the park, something in the old accountant-turned-doorman’s head had switched on like a dormant circuit pre-wired for a specific psychic power. In Samuel’s case, his specialty had been an intimate understanding of chance. All he’d needed was some juice to come on-line. 
“What are you talking about, Em?”
She grinned at him now and grabbed his upper arms hard. “It was all you, babe! It’s your goddamn specialty.” She explained about Samuels in a breathless rapid fire, but caught herself short. “Oh, shit. He knew. Samuels knew how everything had to play out. That’s why he walked right up to Fine like that when we got here.” Emily bowed her head. Tears again. Dammit, this was getting to be much, much too much. “He knew and he didn’t tell me because he knew I would have tried to stop him.”
“And everyone would have died,” Charlie said.
Emily’s eyes flashed and for a second she hated Charlie. It was gone as fast as it came. This wasn’t his fault. It was Fine’s. She turned on her heel and stared back into the dark. She could see the arc-sodium playing off the late Phobia Killer’s glasses and Samuels remains a little further on. She wanted to scream. Her hands were shaking. Hell, it felt like her entire vascular system was filled with skittering light. Emily sat down hard on the concrete. Her face waxy-pale except for coins of deep red on her cheekbones.
Charlie recognized the signs of emotional shock and sat down “indian style” across from her. He took her hands, gently rubbing his thumbs into her palms. He could feel her electric stress and thought about cool, slow water. Emily’s color normalized almost immediately and she took a long slow breath. “You just did it again, I think.”
Charlie dropped her hands. “You really believe…” He couldn’t finish it. She’d essentially just told him that he had the power to do, well, miracles. He thought about how he’d done more than just visualize her heart when she was… C’mon, man, what, dead? Had she really been dead? Yeah, her heart had been a piece of squashed origami. And what about that lesion he’d imagined in her delicate, beautiful gray matter? Charlie had done a lot more than just imagine those injuries. He’d held them in mental hands and breathed life back into them.
“No,” he whispered, “not life.”
“What’d you say?”
He stared at his hands and then looked at Emily. “It wasn’t life. It was health. I can’t do life. If I did anything, I just fixed the machine. The spark came from you. You brought you back, Em. I just made it so there was something to come back to.”
Emily tried to remember her time…elsewhere, but it was already as faded as a hangover dream. She remembered the tick-tock of Charlie’s alarm clock and the choice. Yes, he was right. His—what would you call it?—representative had given her permission to be done. Instead, she had chosen to come back so she could be with him for real and not in the candy-illusion of the after-life.
She lunged forward and flung her arms around his shoulders. A staccato of emotion choked through her diaphragm. It all came out in a roaring gush: the loss of her mother, her father, Harlan, and dear Aaron Samuels. For the first time in her life, Emily Burton had found a home within. A gale of pain howled through her ribcage and shook her to the foundations. For a long time, Charlie held her and rocked a little in the dark as she wept and beat against his back—fists limp with exhaustion, pounding out the cruelty and the pulse of release. He never told her to shush. He just rocked her.


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 29

WINTER HIT MANHATTAN like a fistful of roofing nails that year, but Janesville’s own Emily Burton wasn’t impressed. She walked slow and easy over the academy quad on her way to the firing range, digging the way the gun belt threw a little ‘tude into her gait. Daddy had walked with that swagger even when his Glock was in the lockbox under his bed, and now she was developing one (Daddy’s Glock, sadly, was now buried in two feet of sediment at the bottom of the East River). Charlie would think her new walk was just too hot. Maybe she’d wear her gunbelt for him later. Maybe the belt and nothing else. A gaggle of cadets shivered past and in spite of the frigid air, a couple of heartier souls managed to give her a good visual profiling. Emily had been worth a second look before, but now she radiated something more than simple good looks. She burned clear.
The day was bright, the sky a high-pressure cobalt. A knife-edge of wind sliced over the quad but she’d felt worse. During the winter of 94’ an arctic air mass had descended upon southern Wisconsin and they’d gone from winter to the dark side of the moon. Temperatures plummeted to a hundred below zero at night with the wind-chill. A cup of hot coffee tossed into the air would vaporize. A glass of warm water flung the same way would freeze so quickly the droplets would implode then explode. This was a spring day by comparison. Another pod of cadets jogged by in heavily padded sweatsuits. She could actually hear the chattering teeth of more than one mouth, breath smoked like engine exhaust, red skin shown through tight crew cuts. She shook her head and rolled along. Pussies.
They’d toughen up soon enough. Hell, even Daddy had been a baby face when he went to the State Police Academy. He’d be so proud of her now. Probably a little disappointed that she wasn’t going for the Staties, but the Metro Cops needed good people more than ever. She had taken out Drummond Fine before he’d had a chance to realize his Great and Nasty Plan, but Sharon Dimke had been able to set off her crude chlorine gas bomb. 
Best the cops could figure, Dimke overrode the pressure controls on the hospital’s ancient boiler and when it blew it vaporized and mixed several gallons of ammonia and chlorine. The cloud slithered through the HVAC system and dispersed throughout the hospital. The bang in combination with the gas and the previous bomb Fine had set off himself was enough to cause a stampede. The panic spread throughout the city. It had taken months to establish relative normalcy again, but something was still off. It was as if Fine’s exploits were somehow viral and had infected at least a small portion of the city’s collective subconscious. Crime had spiked across the board. Everything from graffiti and auto-theft to sexual assaults and murders were up by at least five percent. He’d have been in socio-empath heaven if she hadn’t blown his fucking head off.
The good news was that after September 11th the fine city of New York got a hell of a lot more national attention when a bunch of bombs started going off. The good people in Syracuse made with the money in the fabled New York Minute and the five boroughs finally got a much needed infusion of new police. Emily Burton (with a sterling letter of recommendation from one Detective Bilko) applied to the academy that fall. 
Now, she was running late for range practice. That cowboy stroll was fun n’ all, but she’d better shag her rookie ass if she wanted to get some trigger time. 

* * *

RECRUIT BURTON LINED up the sights on her police-issue Glock-19 and took a deep breath of gun oil. Daddy had been religious about cleaning his gun and so was she. Another breath and she forgot that she was holding the pistol at all. Calm descended on her. She was going to bulls-eye the shit out of the target. For just a moment, the tiny black circle in the middle of the larger white circle looked like the pupil of a single staring eye. A silver one.
There were four other recruits on the firing line. Emily reached out and wrapped her mind around Romero, a semi-cute cadet from Brooklyn. (She liked Romero. There had been women cops for, like, a million years, but there was still a lot of sexism. Romero, however, could keep his eyes on hers when he asked her opinion on a case.) She could feel him stiffening up and for a fraction of a second, his tension began to stain her calm. Emily breathed (gun oil) and reinforced her barriers. Romero’s tension receded. It was there, she could still feel him, but she no longer allowed the feelings of others to yank away her own. Now, she tried her latest and greatest trick. Emily pushed her calm through Romero’s boundaries. He relaxed and fired. Emily squinted and fired. The rest of the line opened up with a hail of lead.
“Cease fire! Cease fire! Cease fire!” came the call over their headphones.
The recruits holstered their Glocks and pushed the button to reel in the paper targets. Emily plucked hers off the runner and tempered the urge to look at the others and say something snarky—maybe about her long lost Aunt Oakley. She had grouped three slugs perfectly in the head area and another sixteen in the center of the chest. Next to her, Romero said under his breath, “Oh, I rock!”
Emily checked out his target, nearly as impressive as her own, and elbowed him in the arm. “Nice shootin’, Tex.”
“Finally,” he said. “I been missin’ like a blind man for the past three days. I was starting to worry they was gonna throw me out. I just been so freakin’ nervous, but today it was like this warm blanket feeling over my head.”
“More like a wet blanket, you fucker,” the recruit on Romero’s left offered. He’d only scored ten chest hits and no head shots.
“You just jealous cuz’ I’m so pretty,” Romero said.
“Shut-up!” came their instructor over the head phones. “Re-load. Do better!”
They all snapped to, slapped in fresh clips and raised the Glocks to firing position. Emily had been a natural from day one, but even she had missed a lot at first. For a while she’d considered using the telekinesis to nudge the slugs in the right direction, but when Charlie healed the lesion in her brain the telekinesis had gone with it. Her relief had surprised her. At the end of it, having The Force or whatever had been too great a temptation. It was the wisest part of Emily Burton that knew she was not wise enough to handle that much power. Besides, it had been giving her little paper cuts in the soft jelly of her brain. Maybe Charlie was right and it would eventually have killed her. Or maybe one day they would have had a really bad fight and she would have thrown a refrigerator at him. Or, got cut off in traffic and lost her temper, flinging a taxi through the air like a poker chip. Besides, you couldn’t fire a gun very well when your hand was shaking all to hell and back. Recruit Burton, soon to be Officer Burton, sighted down the back of her weapon. She felt her confidence rise and the gun roared.

* * *

ACROSS TOWN, CHARLIE signed his name in blocky, half-cursive, half print letters on the visitor’s ledger for the Behavioral Unit at St. Joseph’s. He slid the ledger back under the glass and wire mesh window. The unit nurse, a tiny woman in her mid-fifties with ecstatically orange hair and matching lipstick, checked his name and scowled. Deep lines fissured the perimeter of her mouth.
“You know who I am, Eileen,” Charlie said. “I’ve posted here a million times.”
“S’right,” she nodded. Her voice was an anti-smoking commercial. “I recognize you.”
But she was still going to make him dance a little before she let him in—if she let him in. Some of it was because Charlie was what full-time nurses called a “floater”: a nurse who worked for a placement agency and jumped from facility to facility. You made twice as much money, but not many friends. Some of her attitude was due to the violent nature of the patient he wanted to visit. Most of it was the note from the resident physician in that patient’s file, specifying Charles Dunbar as persona non-grata on the psych ward. 
“File says not to let you in, Charlie.”
“Oh, c’mon, Eileen. They were able to sew it back on.” He held up his hand and wiggled his index finger. “Did he mention in his little note that I was the one who got the patient to cough it back up? That I was the one who cleaned the stomach acid off the end and packed it in ice so the nerve endings wouldn’t degrade?” He put his hand down. “You know that wasn’t my fault.” And there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about her prejudice regarding his career choices.
“I’m not sure…”
Charlie put a palm on the glass separating them. “I can help this guy, Eileen.”
The “guy” in question—the giant Charlie thought of as Mama’s Boy (Mother! I want her)—was Walter Sloan, age 43. Charlie had done some homework in the months since his one and only meeting with Mr. Sloan and found that poor Walter had been a victim himself for most of his life. His mother had kept him in a cage in the basement since he was three and his father had abandoned them. Forty years later, his mother had expired and Walter had extricated himself from his prison. As it turned out, the padlock had rusted through years before. Walter had simply never attempted to escape. His fear of his mother’s rage had proved a sturdier trap than the ancient Ultra-Lock she had bought at Woolworth’s the day after her Norman left.
According to the police report (thank you, Detective Bilko) and Walter’s own fractured narrative, he had gone for three days without being fed before breaking out. He’d found his mother sprawled on the kitchen floor. The rest was blurry, but it seemed that Walter had blundered out into the world for the first time. He knew enough from the TV his mother left for him—mostly the 700 Club on taped loop—that when someone was sick, you went to the hospital. And thus, Charlie Dunbar had met Walter Sloan that strange summer night.
“Let me help him, Eileen.” Charlie said. “I can do it.”
Eileen MacGruder had been a nurse since she was twenty-three years old. She’d served in the ER, ICU, NICU and was finishing the final stretch of burn-out on the 8th Floor West of St. Joe’s Hospital. She’d watched and subtly guided scores of doctors and nurses in her time, and helped to heal thousands. She’d stopped counting the lives she’d saved on her own decades ago. The first night Walter Sloan—a giant slab of thorazine-marinated meat—was rolled through her magnetically locking doors, she’d read his file and burst into tears. Now, she looked at the young (probably gay, she’d never understood how a man could be a nurse) hotshot in front of her with the dirty hand on her glass and sighed. He was telling the truth. Shit.
The door buzzer sounded and Charlie jumped.

* * *

THE DOOR CLOSED behind Charlie with a soft click. The room doors on 8 West had no locks and could swing in or out so they could not be barricaded. Normally, the rooms held two occupants, but Walter got one to himself. The top half of the bed was elevated at about 45 degrees, not straight enough to really read comfortably, not far enough back for sleeping. Walter’s rusty hair was washed and gleamed on the pillow around his head. His beard was trimmed and combed but still long. Charlie thought he looked like a Norse God, but couldn’t remember which one. Harlan would’ve known. He’d have had some book on it somewhere. Charlie smiled and shook his head. Walter stared straight into the air.
Charlie walked over to the foot of the bed. Walter sighed and continued to stare. Charlie picked up his chart and let a little whistle out from between his teeth. Jesus, that was a lot of thorazine. Walter was a big guy and everything, but man. An image of Walter’s teeth crunching down on the second knuckle of the resident’s finger asserted itself, and Charlie understood the high dose. He wondered what other mischief Walter had been up to since. Didn’t matter. He was maybe here to fix all that anyway. 
Charlie moved to the side of the bed and looked into Walter’s eyes. He’d never done this before and was worried it wouldn’t work. Physical stuff was easy. He could see what was wrong and just change the picture to a better one. Mental stuff, well, he didn’t know. And his power had been fading ever since that night in the warehouse. The overlapping fields between two natural, powerful psychics like Emily and Drummond Fine had activated his specialty, as Emily called it, but without that overlap it had dwindled. In the six months since, he’d gone from Jesus-level miracle man to maybe a really gifted chiropractor. He’d cured seventeen people in the ER during that brief period, saving his ability for the worse cases as soon as he realized it was leaving him with every use. Charlie had an idea this was going to be his last one.
“Walter,” he whispered. “You there, big guy?”
Walter said nothing. A gas bubble shifted and his stomach rumbled. They’d essentially lobotomized him with chemicals.
Charlie took a deep breath and planted his feet just as he had the night he met Walter. Then it was to gather and marshal his physical strength for the oncoming attack. This time it was so he could gather his will. Charlie imagined power streaming up his legs from the core of the earth. The energy first touched, then ignited his spinal column like a neon tube. When it reached the top of his head he reached forward and lay his hand on Walter’s brow.
At first, there was nothing, just the empty black behind his eyelids. Charlie started to think that he was wrong, that Mrs. Abramson’s stroke from two nights ago had been the last one and now he was empty. Just one more, he thought. Just the one and he would be done. Charlie squeezed his eyes shut tight and imagined his consciousness flowing down his arm and into Walter’s head. He felt a moment’s resistance at the point where their skin touched, like pushing through a wet paper towel, and then another kind of blackness swirled behind his eyes.
A great storm cloud shot through with threads of crimson lightning roiled and shouted in his mind. Charlie barked a single harsh cry and bore down on it. He was aware enough to know that if he made too much fuss, Eileen and her line-backer orderlies would be on him stat. This was awful though, and not what he had expected. He’d imagined that decades of fear would have compacted into pure rage—and it was there on the surface of the cloud—but the main mass was terror. Charlie should have known better. Walter had been trained to be fearful his entire sorry life. Drummond Fine could have lived off a man like Walter Sloan and never left the house.
Charlie and Walter spoke as one, “Where’s mother?” they whisper/moaned. “Dark down here. So dark. I have to go potty. It’s dark. I’m hungry.”
Charlie and Walter began to weep, great silent sobs racking through them in shared tremors. I’ll die, Charlie thought. I can’t live through this. But that was bullshit. Walter had lived through it. He’d gone crazy as a shithouse rat, but he’d lived. Charlie Dunbar would goddamn well cowboy up. Walter was giving him terror. All right, Charlie could give him something back.
He imagined his own mother’s face the day he graduated from nursing school. He pulled the gentle and thrumming pride from his memory, the security and tenderness, and let it flow through him into Walter. He went farther back, remembering how his mommy used to hold him on her lap and then suddenly open up her knees and say “Elevator!” as he’d drop a few inches. She always caught him. He always loved it. He remembered her smell and how she would patch him up after a fight with the bigger kids. They were always bigger. He remembered the look on her face the day he got his first belt in Karate. She’d expected nothing less. Knew he was wonderful. Told him so.
“She’s gone, little guy,” Charlie said, somehow knowing that’s what Walter’s father had called him before he left. “You’re not alone anymore. It’s not dark anymore. You can come out. You are out.” Charlie felt something like a spasm travel through his arm and lost the image of the boiling terror storm.
He stepped back and opened his eyes. Walter was looking at him.
“Balder,” he said, his voice as rusty as his hair. “I look like Balder.”


~~~~~~~~




Chapter 30

EMILY WAS ALREADY up and sitting at the table when Charlie came staggering into the kitchen. She was wearing an oversized NYPD t-shirt that slipped off her left shoulder. “There’s coffee,” she said, not looking up from the book she was reading. Charlie muttered something that might have been “thanks” or “good morning”. He poured and shuffled back to the table and sat down. He leaned over and kissed her shoulder, inhaling the scent of her skin. “Mmm,” he said. “You smell like you.”
“That’s always a good sign,” Emily said. She gave him a wink and went back to her reading.
He sipped, the caffeine reminding his adrenal glands to do their thing, and blinked the sleep out of his eyes. “Readin’ my book?” he nudged the edge of the big text book: Absolute Asgard: A Compendium of Norse Mythology.
“Yeah,” she looked up. “This is really neat. I only knew about Thor and Odin.”
“That’s one more than I knew about. I remembered Thor from comic books and a few old Super Friends cartoons, but the rest were new to me.”
“Where’d you get it? It looks pretty old.” She knew before he answered from the look on his face and the sadness that wisped through her and was gone. “Oh, it’s one of Harlan’s.” Had that sadness been hers or his? Maybe a mixture of both. That happened all the time now, their feelings blurring in and out of each other. Not because of her ability, but just because they loved.
“Yeah,” he squeezed her hand and let go. “The landlord at his old place stored all his books in the basement. Told me I could take whatever I wanted.”
“Why this one?”
“I wanted to look something up.”
Emily stared at him a moment and flipped to a page he’d dog-eared. On it was a plate showing a few Viking-types standing around a wounded man with rusty hair. He lay spread on the ground with what looked like a small tree branch protruding from his chest. “Balder,” she read. “God of beauty, peace, innocence and rebirth. Wounded by the treachery of Loki.”
“It’s a pretty cool story actually,” Charlie said. “Balder couldn’t be hurt by anything except mistletoe.”
“Christmas must’ve sucked.”
“Cute.”
“I is.”
“Anyway, one day the gods are playing one of their favorite games which is to hurl stuff at Balder because it just bounces off. Only they’re gods, so they’re like throwing mountains and shit. Kind of like little boys having a pillow fight. Loki—who’s the asshole/trickster god—hands Balder’s blind brother this spear of mistletoe and the brother gives it a toss. Balder just thinks its part of the game and takes it right in the chest.”
Emily reached over and stole his coffee, took a sip. “That’s terrible.” She stretched her foot out under the table and flattened it against his crotch. “Mmm,” she said. “Warm.” She stole another sip of his coffee. “So what happened?”
“Balder died,” he pointed to the picture in the book. “Those’re all the other gods gathered around him feeling crummy.”
“Except Loki.”
“Right, he was fucking tickled. So, Balder goes to Norse heaven.”
“Valhalla.”
Charlie’s eyebrow did the Spock thing. “You have been reading.”
Her lips curved. “I’ve been up for an hour, lazy bones.”
“It’s Sunday. The Lord God says we’re to rest on Sunday.”
“Lord God? Which Pantheon?”
He crossed his arms across his chest. “You want to hear how this story ends or what?”
“Yes, yes, go on.”
“So, Balder’s soul goes to Valhalla where he meets the souls of everyone he’s ever whacked in battle. And being a god, he’s something of a badass in that department.”
“Met a lot of souls.”
“Yes. Gimme back my coffee. And it really bummed him out, so much that he sort of went off his nut for a while and started eating.”
“Eating?”
“Ballooned right up just like a depressed house frau. So, after a while of just stuffing his face, he has this vision and it gives him hope again.” Charlie stopped talking, his eyes far away. Balder. I look like Balder. He shook his head and smiled.
She gave a soft squeeze with her toes under the table. “What happened?”
Charlie shifted a bit. “Uh, yeah, right, so while Balder’s been dead the end of the world’s happened.”
“Rigamarole or something, right? It’s not that, but it sounds like that—Viking armageddon.”
Charlie nodded. “Ragnarok. Yep, but after his big vision of hope, Balder is reborn and the whole world is reborn with him.”
Emily sat back and stretched her arms over her head. “Sounds like a lot of other stories you hear about that kind of thing—Pandora’s box and all that shit about hope.”
“Even Jesus did the rebirth thing, right?”
“Uh-huh.” Emily got up from the table and walked over to the sink with an empty cereal bowl. Charlie gave her legs a good once and then twice over. All that running had forged some serious definition into her calf muscles. She muttered something to herself.
“What’d you say?”
She turned around and leaned against the sink. “Hope. It’s not something I had a lot of when we met.” She looked at the floor, it needed a good scrubbing. “I was really close to doing it, you know?” she said in a voice that was barely there.
“I do know.” Charlie said and got up. He crossed to her, took her hands, tilted his head until she made eye-contact with him. “I also know that you got through it. You’re on top of all that now, right?”
“I came to New York to put a bullet in my head, Charlie.”
“If you couldn’t get on top of all the feelings.” His mouth quirked. “You said that. I remember you saying that.” 
“It’s okay,” she said. “Shhh. Shhh.”
Charlie took in a big shaky breath. “Sorry, Em. You scare me a little sometimes is all.”
“You’re hurtin’ my hands, big boy.”
Charlie looked down. “Sorry.”
“Charlie, I’m not okay. I’m different in ways shrinks don’t have words for. My whole life has been about not being able to feel my own emotions because every one else’s were crowding them out.”
“And now?”
“And now,” she sighed. “Now, I still get some cross-over, but I'm on top of it.”
“But?”
A sideways smile pulled at the corner of her mouth, “But I’m still not used to feeling my own stuff.” She took a deep, shaky breath of her own. “I feel a lot, a lot, of my own stuff about you, Mr. Dunbar. It’s from me and of me, but it’s bigger than me.”
“And scary,” Charlie said.
“Yeah, super scary.”
Charlie felt something big coming and his heart dropped a notch in his chest. She was going to ask him to do something for her and he might not like it. This was going to be one of those moments in life that defined love as something more than what you felt for a person. It was what you did for them as well. Maybe what you sacrificed. Maybe even if it was letting them go. He stared into those tar emeralds of hers and felt the heat rise behind his own eyes. “Em,” he said, “before you say anything else, let me just tell you this: I love you. I’ll give you anything you need for you to be happy.”
Now it was her turn to feel the tears push up from her throat and her eyes go hot. Emily squeezed Charlie’s hands maybe a little too hard now herself. Go on, girl. Daddy said in her head. Do the big scary.
“Charlie,” she said.
“Yeah?”
“Will you marry me?”

* * *

TWO YEARS LATER, Charlie stood off to the side of a hospital bed holding a squalling new born baby girl that would look more like him than her mother, but would have the same deep emerald eyes. Emily Burton-Dunbar lay sweating, blown-out and beautiful in a way that made Charlie breathe hard through his tears. “Wanna’ meet your daughter?” he asked, and held the little bundle of pink out to Emily’s waiting arms.
“Hello,” she said, tears rolling down her cheeks. She planted a flutter of kisses on the tiny curve of forehead, nose and chin. “Hello, Lisa.”
The Ob/Gyn—a buxom forty-something who insisted on being called Dr. Jodie—leaned over and grinned like a showgirl. “She’s going to be a heartbreaker,” she said. “Just look at that bone structure.”
Charlie grinned. “She’s got bones. Awesome.” Emily and Dr. Jodie both laughed. Indeed, it was awesome. 
At the sound of the women’s laughter a bottle of water on the bedside table began to tremble and then fell to the ground. Dr. Jodie leaned over and picked it up. “That was weird,” she said. “Sucker just jumped right off there. Did you see that?”
Emily and Charlie exchanged a glance. 
“Must’ve knocked it with my hip,” he said. “Thank God for plastic, right?”
The baby had stopped crying.



The End

Washington, D.C.
February 7, 2004 to April 7, 2007





Author's Note

Dear Reader,

Thank you so much for taking the time to hang with Emily, Charlie and their friends. 

Empathy took forever to write. The novel I wrote prior, Sins of the Fathers, only took me six months. It's dirtier, darker and moves a hell of a lot faster, but lacks the humanity I found in Emily Burton. I found myself wanting to spend a lot of time in her shoes because of her unique boundary issues—they're a lot like mine minus the psychic stuff. That and I had a hell of a good time roaming the streets of Manhattan in my mind.
Before writing Empathy I had never set foot there and about halfway through I ran into some trouble. I couldn't see it anymore. Anyone can fake New York, right? We've all watched enough movies and TV to know the landmarks and famous streets, but writing is about telling the truth and I was starting to bullshit too much. So I hopped on the train from D.C., got out at Grand Central Station and walked around for three days. Didn't sleep a wink. Saw Brittany Spears strolling in Central Park and had a couple of beers with movie star, Chris Klein, at a bar in Tribeca. When I came home I was completely blown out but I had the city under my skin enough to finish.
By the by, if you liked Chris Kimata, the D.C. exchange cop, you can spend more time with him in one of my earlier novels, Captain Ninja. Most of my test-readers love Chris. He's competent, smart, and flawed as hell. Kimata was all kinds of fun to walk around in. If you decide to check him out, ask Chris to make his "red brick" chili. It's delicious and he loves to show off.



About the Author:


John Richmond had a nice middle class childhood in a suburb of Washington, D.C. Mostly he was safe and sound but did brush up against some evil along the way. That darkness got into the backwaters of his mind and never let go. Today he's fascinated not so much by the things that go bump in the night, but by how everyday people might react to them—even if they do a little bumping of their own. To be honest, the things that go bump in the night scare the hell out of him. He's been troubled by nightmares his entire life. He writes to keep them at bay and because he loves it. 


Discover some of John Richmond's other novels:

Shard

Sins of the Fathers


Connect with John Richmond online at:

www.JohnRichmondBooks.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/pages/Empathy/
SmashWords: www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JohnRichmond
"Dear Stephen King" One-sided Video Conversations with SK by John Richmond: www.youtube.com/johnrollinrichmond
