Enoch

By
Garry Linahan (2005)

Smashwords Edition

Published by
Garry Linahan at Smashwords

Copyright 2011 Garry Linahan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Introduction

Cavendish Forest, dark and tangled home of towering giants, of dense undergrowth, flashes of light and splotches of dark, of canopies, branches and vines. The constant dripping of water from the rains and mist that so mark the place, the rotting, dying forest floor, and the sweet, musty odour of decomposition, all come together to fill the senses of any traveller drawn to this damp and shaded place.
But when the seasons change, when the weather turns warm and the breezes waft through the dangling growth, cool relief then for the animals, the squirrel, the deer, and the multitude of bird breeds that call these two thousand square miles home.
Through the heart of Cavendish Forest there runs a steady stream that bumps and tumbles its way down from the granite highlands to the north. The crystal waters foam and bubble across the polished river rocks, gather for a time in the flatter reaches, in the striking rock pools, then cascade further through the boulders and encroaching undergrowth, pouring in a series of small torrents over the many falls and rapids.
Soon enough the forest is left behind and the stream matures, rolling lazily through cattle pastures, winding and sweeping through romantic necks of shady willows, their limbs reaching and intertwining and caressing the slow-flowing river. It passes through the township of Cavendish, an ancient village of 800 people. Men with little else to do sit on the old stone bridge in Cavendish, and so, too, further on in Brookdale, and fish dreamily as each day wears slowly down.
By November the weather starts to bite, with the first hint of those icy, arctic winds, and by mid-December the place is usually snowed in. Few people are seen on the streets of Cavendish at this time of year, the townsfolk staying indoors, the glow from the windows and the smoke from the chimneys being the most obvious indications of life. Even the already quiet Cavendish Forest becomes even more silent, the birds having flown away and the full-time residents hibernating in trees or in holes beneath the ground. A rare exception might be a lone deer, seen darting away against the white canvas and beneath the frigid, snow-laden trees. It is uncommon for people to venture into the woods when the snows have set in. The cold can be deadly and there is little reason to be there anyway. There is precious little for the hunters, nothing for the lovers or picnickers, and nothing, too, for the fishermen. The stream is largely frozen, the rapids and waterfalls seemingly trapped in time, paralysed in mid-fall. It was, however, just this time of year when, in 1909, Eric Pagram and his friend, Matilda Burke, were stumbling through the deepening snows of Cavendish Forest and in so doing came upon a grisly and tragic find.
“Eric, I’m freezing,” called Matilda, heavily rugged yet hugging herself nonetheless, numb in her feet and struggling along behind her friend.
Eric kept on, seemingly determined to make his way to the top of Brierly Hill.
“Come on, Matilda,” he called back. “You have to see the view from up here. It’s not too far, then we can go back.”
Matilda rested for a time against a rock, then made her way up to be with her friend. Soon enough, she joined Eric, just shy of the top of Brierly Hill.
At that moment, something caught Eric’s eye.
“Look over there,” he said.
The pair was close then to the summit, but he pointed with his finger to a rough lean-to across the way, perched in amongst the trees. They diverted toward the crude structure, sinking in the ankle-deep snow.
“Somebody has lived here,” said Matilda, looking into the primitive snow-covered building, yet seeing very little to sustain life.
Eric cast his eye around and said, “No, I don’t think so. It’s just a fisherman’s overnighter.”
“But look,” she insisted, “there’s a rock here with a name scratched on it.” 
They bent to read it, then Eric turned and once more headed for the summit.
“Oh, can’t we just go?” moaned Matilda, her breath freezing in the air before her.
Eric did not answer, instead just pulled her along and up to the rocky peak of Brierly Hill.
“Look at that view,” he said, as a vast pastureland, cleared but blanketed in snow, opened out before them. Despite the biting cold, Matilda was impressed.
“What’s that below us?” she asked, pointing down the hill.
“It’s the Hargreaves Estate,” said Eric, “the mansion, the grounds. That’s what I wanted to show you.”
“Oh, my God,” said Matilda, putting a hand to her face and turning away.
“Look at it, Matilda - so still, so lifeless now.”
She turned back, her eyes now hopelessly drawn to it, finding that she was unable to look away.
“Oh, Eric, it’s so eerie.”
“And look,” said Eric, himself now pointing. “That’s the maze.”
The colour drained from Matilda’s face.
“Yes - all that snow, it’s hard to tell - but yes, I see its form.  Oh my God, Eric,” she said, shuddering, “look at the size of that thing.”
The pair stared in silence for a few moments before Matilda spoke again.
“Oh, Eric, please take me home.”
They turned to leave, Eric helping her down from the rocky summit.
“I’m so cold,” she said, “but I think seeing this has made me all the more so.”
They moved on down the hill, following as best they could the tracks they had already left. As they did, Matilda suddenly slipped, her boot glassing across the surface of an exposed rock. She tumbled down its side, coming to rest in the wet snow six feet below the trail they had been following.
“Matilda, are you alright?”
Matilda sat motionless, staring into a space between the rock and another alongside.
“Matilda?” repeated Eric.
Then, with surprising agility, she sprang to her feet. She made a low, guttural sound, but was barely aware. Standing erect, she pointed with one hand, the other firmly across her mouth. Eric climbed down to join her and looked to where she indicated. He turned his attention back to her for a moment then lowered his face for a better look.
“He’s dead,” she blurted out.
“Yes, he is,” agreed Eric, touching the frozen hand that extended from the snow.
“Let’s get out of here, Eric - now.”
Instead, Eric forced his way down between the rocks.
“There’s nothing to fear,” he said to his friend. “It’s just a poor old man, frozen to death.”

Part One

Chapter one

Beneath the ivy-covered tower, George sat and rested his aching muscles. His eyes blurred with tears, the cause of which he could not understand. His head fell back against the old stone building, the salty tears running down his cheeks and in through the sides of his mouth.
The tower soared above as he wiped his face and gazed up through the gently rustling ivy that lined its walls, the myriad of leaves sparking in the morning sun. From his seat on the narrow, stony path that circled the building, he then looked upon the tangle of wild roses and other flowering plants that largely blocked his view of the grounds beyond. He gripped his tired face in his hands and sobbed into his palms. If only the emptiness he felt in his heart and mind would leave him be and no longer torment. But the sadness would not leave. It was always there, crushing him at every turn, ready to rise to desperation at any moment.
Before long, Ruby came for him. Faintly, he heard her calling, coming nearer. George wiped his eyes and used the building to pull himself to his feet. His body clicked and groaned, the pain stabbing in his joints. Ruby appeared around the corner of Enoch’s library at a point where the path split, one way leading into Bledlock’s wonderfully manicured gardens and the other to where George had stumbled.
“George,” she said, kindly, “it’s almost time for lunch. Please come back to the house.” She took him by the arm and gently led him back. “I worry about you, George. Please don’t wander too far. How are your joints today?”
George’s mind processed the question.
“Aching,” he said, finally. “Be slow, Ruby.”
Ruby led him back along the narrow path, past the library where the building changed direction, back along the great front wall, beyond the difficult steps that led to the massive front door of oak, then around the side and in through the servants’ entrance at the rear.
“Sky is blue,” said George, in a choking voice. “Blue today, Ruby.”
For him, words were a struggle. His thoughts were confused and disjointed, and expressions, with the small grasp of vocabulary that was his, always a supreme effort.
“Yes, my dear. Blue today.”
“Like it blue, Ruby.”
Ruby led him through the kitchen and into the dining room, seating him across from Crawford. Crawford eyed George suspiciously then rose from his chair. He moved to the fireplace and stood leaning against the mantle. George looked around the room, the heavy panelling, the dark architraves, the drawn blinds. A surge of panic went through him. He swung his head one way and then the other, then looked at Crawford.
“E-Enoch?” he stuttered at the ageing manservant. “Enoch?”
Crawford left the room for the kitchen, returning with Ruby.
“It’s alright, George. Enoch is doing his research. He will be with us later.”
George began to shake in his seat and his eyes glazed.
“Enoch,” he repeated.
Enoch missed lunch but joined the others for a meal later that evening.
“Your injection didn’t work for as long today, George. Ruby tells me your joints have been aching.”
Enoch waited for George’s reply.
“Aching, Enoch.”
After the meal, Ruby took George to his room on the second floor. The steps were always a struggle and she inwardly cursed Enoch for having given him a room upstairs. She left him in his room and headed back down. Enoch by then had returned to his work. It was eight-thirty and she and Crawford would read for an hour before turning in. Crawford was seated, sipping his evening brandy as Ruby re-entered the room. She knelt before him and gripped his elbows.
“Do be patient with George, Crawford. Do try to understand.”
Upstairs, George fell quickly to sleep. Stretched out on his bed, his muscles soon relaxed, and with the weight fully off his joints, his pain eased. For an hour, maybe two, he lay motionless. To anyone watching, he might well have been dead. His mind, like his body, was exhausted, and during that time it operated with only the barest functionality, empty, void, and black like pitch.
But later, when the giant house lay in darkness, Ruby and Crawford having both retired, George’s brain came suddenly to life. His eyes twitched under their closed lids and his head rolled slowly on the pillow from one side to the other. He was outside now, somewhere deep in the garden. The pain was gone from his joints. He felt light and alive, a feeling so totally foreign to him. He moved through the garden, through the rows of hedge, all manicured and fresh. The birds sang in the trees and chased one another in and out of the hedgerows. Robins, he smiled, as he strolled along between the beautiful shrubs. The sun was strong and shone down from its zenith, bathing each row of hedge in a warm, bright light. The deep green foliage glistened and sparkled in the sun, and he marvelled at the garden, at his wonderful, wonderful garden.
But a moment later it was over and George was awake, woken by a strange and urgent voice from outside his dream. His eyes flicked open as he lay on his back, staring first at the dark ceiling above, then at the cool light of the moon as it broke through his bedroom window. He waited for the voice but it did not come again, and as the minutes passed and he lay in semi-darkness, his mind began to wander. He recalled the dream he had just had and the feelings of happiness it had brought. Until he fell asleep again, he felt the sensation of that dream, the warmth of the day, the youthfulness of his wonderful, supreme body, the chirping robins, the bright sunshine, and the joy that had filled his heart as he marched through a garden he knew to be his own.
There were no more dreams that night and George re-awoke when the rising circle of the sun broke free of the hills and treetops of neighbouring Cavendish Forest. He lay for a while, watching as the morning light filled his room, seeing how it splashed through the pane, bouncing brightly off certain objects while others remained in shadow. He listened for movement downstairs. He knew Ruby would come for him when breakfast was ready. There was no sound yet, so he stayed in bed as he did on each and every morning and awaited her.
On this morning, however, he noticed that he felt somewhat different, more aware and strangely clearer of mind. Until this point, he had always seen the world as though through dirty glass, smudged and blurred. Everything that had ever happened about him had occurred with no understanding on his part as to what it was or in what way he might play a part. He had existed in a cloud, a haze, and even of that he had not been truly aware. He had simply existed, not questioning, detached, uninvolved, his needs taken care of by others. As he lay in his bed, he had a fleeting vision of himself in this light, of how he had been. But now there was a sense of clarity he had never known, a sudden clearing of the foggy vagueness that had always enclosed him, but of which he had remained oblivious. He thought of the dream he had had, and how contented he had felt as it ran its course. In that dream his mind had been clear and lucid, free like running water, his body light and without pain. In the dream, nothing had held him back or weighed him down. He had been outside, somewhere in the gardens of the Hargreaves Estate, somewhere he could not now remember having ever been. Yet, in the dream, that place had been so familiar to him, so very familiar. A tingling came over him as he recalled the dream. He recalled it over and over as he lay in bed, clinging desperately and repeatedly to the feelings of contentment he was able to extract from its memory.
But George’s mind soon grew tired and he found he could no longer bring forth the dream. The details were fading and he was not able to summon the emotion he had felt. Exhausted, he fell back to sleep again, and half an hour later when Ruby came for him, the entire memory of the dream was gone. He was unable to recall any part of it and once more his world was clouded and vague.
His joints cracked and popped painfully as Ruby led him along the upper passage, then slowly down the stairs, one at a time, and into the dining room for breakfast.
“Enoch,” said George.
George’s face had brightened as he and Ruby entered the room and George saw his brother. Enoch looked up from the newspaper he was reading and studied him.
“Seat him here next to me, Ruby,” he said, as he put down the paper. With Ruby’s help, George carefully took his seat.
“How do you feel, George?”
George was turned towards Enoch, his head wavering slightly as he battled to control his neck muscles, his eyes slowly blinking, bringing Enoch into focus. He processed the question.
“Body is sore, Enoch. Bones and muscles.”
“Follow my finger, George,” said Enoch, and carefully moved his raised index finger around in front of George’s face.
George concentrated and his eyes followed it.
“Good, George. That’s good. Now, tell me about your aches and pains.”
Again, George considered his response.
“Body aches, Enoch. Needle.”
“Yes, George, needle. But breakfast first.”
They discussed his pains a little more until the meal was ready.
As soon as breakfast was done, Enoch administered to George his daily injection of painkiller. It was Enoch’s own preparation, and within seconds the discomfort began to ease.
“Better, George?” asked Enoch.
“Better, Enoch.”
“You’re doing well, George. I have noticed your co-ordination is much improved. It improves daily. You were very good this morning with your cutlery.”
George nodded in the way he had seen others do it. Enoch nodded back.
“How is your memory coming along, George?  Do you recall anything from before your accident?”
George considered the question. He remembered nothing. All he knew was that he was here now, in the Hargreaves mansion, recovering in the care of his brother, Enoch. Everything was blank as to how he had arrived, of the accident he had suffered, of how he had fallen under the wheels of a carriage, and of the life he had led prior to that.
“Nothing, Enoch.”
Enoch smiled assuringly and put his hand on George’s shoulder.
“In time it will come, George, I feel sure. But, be brave. Should the worst happen and your memory never fully returns, we must learn to accept that. You’re very lucky to be alive so let’s not force things. You know there is always a place here for you.”
George processed what Enoch had said but again felt his eyes well up with tears, as so often they did. And yet he understood that he had indeed been fortunate, for Enoch had explained how he had fallen in the yard and gone under the wheels of the carriage. It was fortunate that Enoch had been there to rescue him, that he and Bledlock, the gardener, had brought him inside, that Enoch had spent days patching him and saving his life, and weeks watching him convalesce. How fortunate that George’s brother was Enoch Hargreaves, the esteemed medical practitioner, the man responsible for countless surgical innovations and scientific advancements. If anybody could restore George to the man he had been, it was surely Enoch. Yet, despite his good fortune, George was still struck by those dreadful feelings in his heart, the feelings of utter emptiness that existed within him. This was how he felt at every moment, as though he were being eaten out from within, barren and hollow. He never understood what drove the emotion, but now he thought, more than anything else, it had to be the loss of memory, the total lack of recall of any part of his life prior to his current state of convalescence.

Chapter two  

Enoch Hargreaves had lived for the most part of his life on the Hargreaves Estate. At the very least, it had always been his home base. The property had been in his family for generations, but it had been Enoch’s father, a medical man himself and prominent later in politics, who had developed the place to grandeur. Apart from his family, the property had been his one great love, but in saying so, he considered the Estate integral to the family unit he so treasured. Enoch had never really left it, a few years in medical school, a time in Richmond running his own practice, but he never in his heart considered that he lived anywhere else. He was rooted to his ancestral home. In his early thirties he moved his practice to Cavendish and again took up full-time residency with his father at the Hargreaves Estate. His mother had died the previous winter of consumption, and despite the wealth of knowledge and experience shared between father and son, nothing could save her. Edgar Hargreaves was heartbroken and welcomed home his son with open arms.
Enoch had never married, had never really had a relationship either. His mind did not function that way. Science and medicine had always been the interests to which his entire life was devoted. In the years that followed the death of Mrs Hargreaves, his father and he set up a research laboratory deep within the walls of the Hargreaves mansion. Its exact location remained a mystery to all but father and son. The household staff, Ruby and Crawford, had been sent away on a fully paid vacation, and when they returned, found much of the ancient and gigantic building no longer accessible. The outer structure remained the same but extensive work had been carried out within. Passageways stopped abruptly or turned in new directions. The only places that were accessible were the normal living and dining areas, kitchen, laundry, and a minimum number of bedrooms and storage areas. Edgar explained that no offence was intended, but that much of the work that he and Enoch embarked upon was sensitive and confidential, even dangerous at times, and security and safety were paramount. Despite their surprise, neither Ruby nor Crawford was offended by the limitations imposed. Indeed, to some degree, they were grateful; the mansion was massive, and the daily maintenance had been an enormous burden. The home had effectively become two houses in one, access to the rooms of the second being via an intricate system of hidden doors and passageways. Somewhere in that second house was the laboratory in which father and son conducted their research.
Edgar’s own father, Charles Hargreaves, had possessed an inventive and imaginative spirit that had since carried forward, firstly to Edgar and then to Enoch. He had not been a medical man but had made his fortune from stocks and speculation, and from his mining interests in Africa. He had pulled the Hargreaves family away from near bankruptcy, his own father having squandered wealth on drunkenness and gambling. The Estate was nearly lost and it was only the success and financial genius of Charles that had saved it.
Charles Hargreaves had a mind that would not stop, and despite his strong business sense and ability to see opportunity where others saw ruin, had another side to his nature that was playful and adventurous, like a boy who could not outgrow his imagination. Once the Estate was back on its feet again, when year followed prosperous year, thousands grew into millions, and everything was again safe and secure, Charles entertained a fantasy he had held since boyhood. He began work on a garden maze, an amusing feature designed of dense conifer hedges. He had always loved the mystery and danger of the garden maze, the thrill of being lost, of being frightened by the prospect of not being able to find one’s way out, of perhaps being trapped forever.
The design of the maze was of his own making and Edgar assisted with the laying out and planting of the many hundred, then many thousand, plants. The maze was positioned on a gently undulating piece of land at the far eastern end of the Estate, abutting directly the Cavendish Forest.
It was so positioned as to be clear of the normal gardens of the mansion, the front garden laying between the house and the maze, itself a wonder of design, with its lovely lawns and meandering paths, statues and fountains, shrubs and trees.
The maze, though, became an obsession, growing larger and more complex in its design as time passed. It was altered and massively enlarged in its first few years. The plants grew rapidly and spread into one another, the tight web of limbs quickly entangling until the maze gave the impression of being a single enormous plant.
When Charles grew old and finally died, Edgar took it upon himself to carry on the great vision of his father, to maintain and nurture the maze, which by then had covered many acres of land. Indeed, the gardens of the estate became his absolute passion, the mansion too, and never had the place looked so grand as it did under Edgar’s administration.
Edgar died on June 4, 1889, after a lengthy battle with cancer that both he and Enoch had fought. Once more, their wealth of medical knowledge, combined with their research and experimentation, had failed to prevent the inevitable. Edgar’s will was read out and everything that was his passed to Enoch - Hargreaves Estate and everything thereon, a holiday villa in France that was very rarely used, millions in cash and company stocks, and a vast holding of industrial real estate. And yet Enoch had not been an only child. In fact, he had been a twin. He was born seven minutes before George, his identical brother. But never did there live two more different twins. As a young man, George had been trouble, rapidly sullying the Hargreaves name in the Cavendish area. He fell in with the wrong people, drank heavily and brawled in the streets. He spent more than one night in the Cavendish Police lockup, as much as a protection to himself as to others. The Hargreaves family was greatly embarrassed by his actions, unable to comprehend the differences in behaviour and attitude between identical twins. George had been shown the same opportunities offered to Enoch, yet squandered each one, preferring to drink, gamble, fight, and even, it was thought, participate in robberies and break-ins, though no charges were ever brought.
Each household member secretly breathed a sigh of relief when, at twenty-six, George announced he was heading for Africa. He was going to emulate the success of his grandfather, Charles, and build his fortune on the Dark Continent.
Many months passed without news of George. Then came the occasional letter. Each time he asked for money, demanded it be sent as an advance on his inheritance. To begin with, Edgar went along, sent his son the money. The demands became more frequent, the letters less rational. Then news began filtering back of George. He was drinking and gambling, in and out of work, trying to live beyond his means. The letters finally stopped, and news came that George had gone missing in the jungle and was presumed dead. A partly eaten human carcass was found in an area populated by lions. Years passed without any word from George. His reported death was taken by the family to be fact. And so, when Edgar died, Enoch became the sole beneficiary of his entire estate.
He retained the staff his father had employed, Crawford, Ruby, and also Bledlock, the gruff, rarely seen foreigner who was paid to maintain the grounds. Bledlock had his own quarters, a self-contained single-bedroom dwelling a hundred yards behind the main house. Behind that, Bledlock grew a mass of vegetables, a skill he had brought with him from the old land. In addition, he kept fowl and sheep. The sheep grazed in two designated paddocks. The only times the household saw Bledlock was when he brought his excess meats and vegetables to Ruby, or tended the gardens close in to the mansion, or arrived punctually to demand his pay.
Despite Bledlock’s mysterious nature, he performed his functions admirably, the gardens always immaculate. Any repairs to buildings or machinery that were within his capabilities also fell to him. Such maintenance was always carried out promptly and well. The entire grounds became Bledlock’s responsibility. In time, however, there emerged one area where Enoch forbade Bledlock to go, and that was the maze. It had become frighteningly large during Edgar’s reign, the hedgerows growing eight to ten feet high, thick and impenetrable. Whilst maintaining them, Bledlock had twice been lost, Edgar going to his rescue on each occasion, taking with him a detailed map of the maze and chastising his gardener for believing he could otherwise find his way.
In more recent times, long since Enoch had taken over the Hargreaves Estate, the map had gone missing. Enoch had only ever been in the maze a few times, enjoying the serenity at its core, always making sure the map was with him, but often having trouble getting back out, even with its help, and having to resort to a less pleasant and dangerous escape route. The map, however, had mysteriously disappeared, and without it the maze was not navigable at all. Enoch reacted quickly by insisting that nobody should ever go there. That section of the estate, he explained, was but a small part of the overall landholding and could be sacrificed for the safety of his people. In the time following the map’s disappearance, the plants that made up his grandfather’s great dream had become even more unruly, unkempt and shockingly overgrown. From the mansion’s upper floors, and especially from the tower, parts of the winding pattern could still be made out, but even from that height, with the density and wild overgrowth, it was impossible to untangle the intricacies and tricks of its design. Indeed, on a bleak day, when the skies were grey, the clouds menacing, and the stiff, chill breezes blew across the property, the view from the tower could be quite unnerving. The maze, with its half-hidden passages, its light, its shade, the way it quavered in the wind in melancholy silence; it could leave one feeling melancholy, too. But more than melancholy, one felt troubled by its presence, a one-time great dream allowed to fall into ruin and disrepair; a now forbidden place, it lurked somehow, in a peculiar, threatening way, like a chained monster at the edge of the Hargreaves Estate.

Chapter three

Later that morning, George sat in the sitting room on the ground floor, warmed by the gentle sun coming in through the window. Enoch had administered him his daily injection and now asked George to rest, to give the drug a chance to ease his pain, to restore comfort to his joints and muscles. George sat and tried to read a book but was making little sense of it. He would stop Ruby as she passed, asking her to clarify some point or explain the meaning of a word. After a time, Ruby sat and read some pages with him, running her finger across the words as she spoke them aloud. Enoch came and went from the room, watching carefully the progress the pair was making. Although George’s reading and understanding was improving each day, he would still quickly forget what he had read, and still tended to lose the thread of a story very easily. Enoch had asked that Ruby take it upon herself to teach George reading, writing, and comprehension. She did her best, fitting it in with her household chores, picking also the times when George was least pained or tired. George’s progress was slow but it was certainly apparent, Ruby seeing improvement from one week to the next, his general grasp getting better, his moments of mental clarity less fleeting. As they were reading this one morning, George suddenly pushed Ruby’s guiding finger aside and read, near perfectly, the next paragraph. He felt a momentary glow within him, flashing him back for an instant to his dream of the night before. Again, he could not remember the details, but remembered the feelings of happiness the dream had brought. This small and sudden reading success brought with it a similar feeling. He looked at Ruby. She was sitting alongside of him and softly crying. Her mouth smiled, but as tears ran down her face her eyes seemed to tell of a deep sorrow that even George, limited as he was, recognised. George looked back at his book, a little confused, not understanding why Ruby seemed sad.
A knock came at the front door. The door was at the end of the hallway that ran alongside the sitting room. Ruby stood and pulled back the curtains, giving her a view onto the landing. George watched from his seated position and saw her face grow more serious, both listening as Crawford addressed the visitors. Crawford then left the visitors at the door and returned a moment later with Enoch.
“Who, Ruby?” asked George.
“The police,” answered Ruby in a hushed voice. “Two of them.”
She retook her seat nearby.
George thought over what she had said.
“They came before,” he said, after a moment.
“Yes,” said Ruby, impressed again, this time that George had remembered the earlier visit.
“Good morning, Mr Hargreaves.”
“Good morning, officers.”
“Sorry to bother you again, sir. It’s to do with the Cavendish Forest murders. The accused was found dead in his cell this morning. Hanged himself, sir.”
“Most unfortunate.”
“Yes, sir. He was in a state of great melancholia since his arrest. Wouldn’t eat, wouldn’t drink, kept crying for his dog, of all things. Kept saying he didn’t do it, sir.”
“But, surely.”
“I know, sir, the evidence, overwhelming. Seems his name was Joseph Filby - bit of a drifter, sir. Was employed for a time as a carpenter’s assistant. Worked in Cavendish. Apparently, his wife left him and he went downhill from there. Stopped going to work. Got thrown out of his lodgings, sir. Told us he came to live in the forest. Lived there with his dog, sir.”
“Well, I’ve told you all I know.”
“We appreciate that, sir. We just wondered - could we speak with your man again, sir?  Just to clear up a few points. You know, the paperwork and all.”
Ruby listened intently from the next room and heard Enoch hesitate.
“Ah, yes, officer - of course. But he’s not here at present. I’ll have him come in to see you at the station - tomorrow, perhaps?”
“Very good, sir. We do appreciate it. Good day, sir.”
“Good day.”
Ruby listened. Enoch was watching from the door as the police took their leave. He came back inside for a moment then left the house through the rear servant’s entrance. George watched curiously as Ruby headed out of the sitting room. He followed her as she disappeared in off the hallway, through the dining room and into the kitchen. She peered through the window, saw Enoch marching quickly to Bledlock, to where the gardener toiled half way between the main house and his own humble abode. George watched Ruby as she kept her vigil, his own eyes moving from her to those she was viewing, Enoch and Bledlock, engaged in a distant and animated conversation.
George quietly left the kitchen and returned to his book. After less than a minute, however, he put it down, his thoughts distracted even though his mind was clear. He had forgotten totally that the police had called once before. It was only upon their return that a recollection had stirred within him. His mind was working well and now recalled clearly the story behind the visits, yet he felt confused as to why it had been so foggy to him at the time and why he had so readily forgotten it. Yes, he thought, I remember now.
There had been two men killed in the Cavendish Forest, horribly mutilated, torn apart. A fisherman nearby had heard an awful noise, ran to help and stumbled upon the scene in time to discover a third man riffling through the pockets of the dead, taking what he could. The fisherman had given chase but the man had escaped. The police were then called and soon enough the man was caught. He wailed and kicked as he was taken from the forest, screamed his innocence and called out for his dog. He was thrown in the lockup at the Cavendish Police Station, where, on the testimony of the fisherman, he was charged with the murders of two men, robbery being seen as the motive. He cried and pleaded his innocence, said he had done no wrong, simply that he had lived in the forest with his dog. Now that man, too, was dead. His dog was lost. George sat and pondered the whole strange story.
Before long, Enoch returned to the house. His mood was subdued, Ruby quickly sensing it. She remained quiet, saying nothing to her master and going dutifully about her chores. George had moved outside to the lawn and was sitting in the bright morning sun. The sky was blue, the way he liked it, just a few clouds that left him cool as they passed high above. Later, Ruby brought him inside for his lunch, after which he returned to the lawn to read his book some more.
Toward mid-afternoon, Ruby emerged through the front door of the house and crossed the lawn to where George sat. With the sun now low over the gables, she knew it would soon be gone and he would need to come back in. She knelt down beside him and saw how far he had progressed with his reading. She gently took the book and looked at the page number.
“George,” she said, startled, “you’ve read all this?” She flicked back to where they had been up to that morning. “That’s fourteen pages,” she said.
“Getting a little easier,” said George, with very little hesitation. Ruby smiled, but again George saw that her eyes had moistened.
“Read some of it to me,” she said.
George then proceeded to read the next paragraph almost flawlessly, and even more confidently than he had read that morning. When he had finished, he smiled and turned to Ruby.
“Can think better now,” he said. “Getting easier, Ruby. Clearer.”
Ruby smiled again, warmly. “How are your joints, dear?”
“Needle helps,” answered George, his simple reply coming immediately on top of the question. Ruby noticed that. There had always been a lag between question and answer, so Ruby could indeed see George’s mind improving, growing clearer, more responsive.
“Come on,” she said, helping him up. “The sun will be down behind the house shortly and you will get cold. I’ll take you to your room. You need to have your lie down before tea.”
George rose, his knees popping loudly and his muscles stiff as he first began to move.
“Not too sore?” asked Ruby, supporting his first few steps.
“Need more needles, Ruby. Needles help.”
“You’re just a bit stiff, George - because you’ve been sitting.”
After a few yards George was able to walk more comfortably, unaided. Ruby returned to where he had sat, got his book and his cushion, then followed him back to the house. As she did, she looked up at one of the high windows and noticed Enoch standing behind the curtains. He stared down from one of the inaccessible parts of the house, out through the bars that marked each window of the forbidden rooms.

Chapter four

At mealtime that evening Enoch seemed pleased as he, too, noticed significant improvement in George’s condition. His mind was more lucid, still not equal to those around him but certainly much better than, say, a week earlier, better even than the previous night. His co-ordination was also further improved, with little fumbling of the cutlery or spilling of his food. George himself felt the improvement, again at that moment realising how vague and awkward he had been.
When the meal was done, Ruby once more took him to his room. Enoch read for a time in the sitting room before heading off, as he usually did, to his laboratory. It was not uncommon for him to work well into the small hours. Ruby was often a light sleeper, and at night would hear footsteps and groans of movement in the old house. She took these to be Enoch moving about somewhere, deep in his hidden chambers, and the sounds would continue on and off for many hours.
In his darkened room, George lay on the bed, his quilt over him, his eyes fixed on the shadowy ceiling. The moon had begun to rise, casting its soft light throughout the room. George would normally have fallen fast asleep, his body exhausted, his simple mind empty of thought, sleep bringing peace, relieving him of not just his pains but also the terrible emptiness that always seemed to fill him, that hollow feeling he could not understand. This night, however, was different. The day had been good. Certainly, his body still suffered its aches. The popping and cracking of his tired joints was still a great discomfort, but at least the injections given daily by Enoch would continue in helping to mask the pain. So, George’s small sense of satisfaction was not the result of any improvement in his physical wellbeing. It was, in fact, the sudden improvement he had perceived in the operation of his mind. His thoughts had become clearer throughout the day and his general ability to function mentally had improved dramatically. He remembered with pride how well he had read, how not just the words but also the thread of the story had begun to make sense. He recalled how, as the day went on, his mind became clearer, how he was able to answer more readily the questions people asked, needing far less time to sort through their words, to make sense of them, to find for them a suitable answer. He thought also of the visit from the police and how he suddenly had remembered the story of the two murdered men. He was even able to relive in his mind the time, some weeks earlier, when he first heard of the incident, how at that time he had not felt a thing, how the words had just swirled about him and were lost in the foggy haze of his mind.
He now lay on his bed with feelings of awareness and clarity that were absolutely foreign to him. He sensed from that, that his condition was improving. Enoch had told him of the terrible accident in the yard, that his convalescence would be slow, that he had suffered injuries to his body, to his brain, and that his memory was gone. George had known terrible melancholia in the wake of an accident he could not even remember. Nor could he remember anything prior to that. Surely it was memory loss that had driven such strong feelings of emptiness into his heart and mind. His memory was certainly gone, and the more he realised it the more he blamed that single fact for his feelings of dread, for that impression of inescapable, impenetrable darkness that so engulfed him. And yet, today, something had changed. He had sensed some light, some growth, and although the dark cloud that hung over him had far from lifted, he did feel the sensation of hope.
George lay in his bed, warming under the quilt, feeling the continued easing of his bodily pains as he relaxed, the weight gone from his joints and muscles. His mind became blurred, fuzzy, as sleep began to overtake him. Distantly, the hour tolled, a large clock somewhere deep in the house. Semi-consciously, he wondered where that clock was, an old large clock standing proud in one of the passages. His mind blurred again and he fell asleep.
For an hour there was nothing, just sleep, deep and deathlike, rhythmic breathing, nothing more.
And then, seemingly from nowhere, there was daylight, a dull grey sky, a chill breeze, slow-moving clouds. George gripped his sides in the sudden biting cold and looked around him. Hedgerows - high, overgrown, impenetrable. He gingerly made his way along. The plants grew tall on both sides of a narrow path, tight and tangled. He continued to follow the path. What place is this? he wondered. The path twisted and turned, offered alternate routes, headed in other directions. Everywhere he looked he saw rows of wild overgrown hedge. He became uneasy, and slowly the place began to frighten him. He longed to find his way out but each way he turned took him to yet another dead end. When he turned to go back the way he had come, the path always led to some place new. He began to panic, tried to climb the hedge to see over, but the plant offered no foothold. He stopped to rest, to collect his thoughts, and as he did, he heard a sound. His heart jumped. He held his breath and listened. In time, it came again - a voice - faintly calling, whimpering. It came from somewhere deep in the hedgerows.
He then awoke, still in the same position as when he fell asleep - on his back, facing up at the ceiling. He knew at once that the voice he heard had been real. It had lifted him out of his dream. He lay there and listened till at last it came again. He rolled his head towards the window, the moonlight softly illuminating his room through the glass. From beyond the glass there came a whimpering, a plea for help, faint and distant, then fading into the night. All was quiet again.
He waited for the voice to repeat. When it finally did, he felt a deep chill run through him and climbed from his bed. He went to the window and looked out. The gardens were bathed in moonlight and the night was deathly still. But for the shadows cast by the fountains and the frozen statues, the lawns and the paths glowed brightly where the moonbeams struck. Beyond the lawns lay a collage of various species, a dark assortment of trees and bushes, the main garden path snaking its way in and vanishing into their gloom. Amongst that blur of vegetation stood the towering forms and ghostly limbs of two giant and ancient figs, and beyond all of that but shy of the forest, lay the dark and morbid impression of the maze.
George pushed open the window and leaned out, the chill night air quickly filling his lungs. His eyes fixed on the shadowy mass of the maze, its passageways only hinted at in the moon’s half-light. He knew nothing of the maze, only that he, like all others, was forbidden from going there. Until now he had never so much as thought of the place, never considered it, but all at once realised that it, with its high hedge walls and twisting passages, had been the subject of his most recent dream. The voice came again, a crying, whimpering voice, a plea for help. George listened, never more alert than he was right now. It was a woman’s voice, weak and distant. He stared at the maze - it had come from there.
His eyes cast slowly across the dark, jumbled mass, acres and acres of madness. Each time the pained voice rose, he felt the chill in his spine, along his sides and in the pit of his stomach, renewed. He leaned further out the window, his eyes drawn in the direction of the woman’s distress. Nothing could be seen. For the remainder of the night, George kept his vigil, hoping to see something - but he saw nothing, just heard as each hour tolled from somewhere deep in the house, heard, too, the cries of anguish and despair floating up from that distant maze.
Ruby came for him once the sun was up, by which time George had collapsed, exhausted, back onto his bed. He lay uncovered, asleep, the window still ajar. She moved across the room, peered out, then pulled it shut. Gently, she woke him. He came around slowly and looked at her.
“George, what’s happening? Are you alright?”
“Yes, Ruby.”
“Your window was open.”
He sat up, his back cracking as he did. Ruby winced at the sound.
“Lady in the maze,” he said.
“Lady in the maze? What are you talking about, George?”
“In the maze, Ruby.” He pointed to the window. “Calling out.”
Ruby frowned and went to the window. She opened it again and listened. Outside, the birds were chirping their delight at the new day.
“I don’t hear anything, George.”
“In the night, Ruby. Lady in the maze - crying.”
Ruby sat on the bed next to him. “Come on down for breakfast, George. It’s nearly ready.”
“The lady, Ruby.”
“You’re dreaming, George, that’s all. Dreaming in the night.”
“No, Ruby. She woke me.”
Ruby looked with uncertainty at the window, then rose and closed it again.
“Come on, George - breakfast.”
Ruby helped George on with his clothes and, as she had for weeks, assisted him down the stairs. Each day she listened as his failing body clicked and cracked with every movement, saw how his face grew more lined, more aged in appearance, his eyes sinking deeper into his head, his hair greying before her. It now pained her doubly to see his mind becoming more active, more alert, more aware and questioning, whilst knowing that his body would never sustain it.
Enoch was standing by the window, staring out onto the lawns. George entered the dining room unaided with Ruby following. Enoch turned and came to him, then waved Ruby off as he helped him into a chair. He sat close by, and without speaking, examined George’s face and eyes, felt the slight tremors in his hands.
“You did not sleep well, George?”
“Lady in the maze,” blurted George.
Enoch looked at him, quizzically.
“What do you mean, George?”
George repeated himself, then added, “She woke me.”
Enoch’s eyes grew narrower as he contemplated the awful possibility.
“No, no, George,” he said finally, “I’m sure that’s not so. Nobody has been reported missing, and each one of us is here.”
George began to shake, desperately wanting Enoch to believe him.
“No, no, Enoch,” he insisted, his voice more urgent. “Lady in the maze - called out to me in the night.”
Enoch smiled in an effort to calm him.
“No, George,” he said, “it just cannot be. It will be a deer, or some other animal that has wandered in from the forest. Or perhaps you were dreaming. The medicine I give you, it might cause that, you know.”
George calmed himself as Enoch continued to reassure him, finally adding, “And don’t you ever go near the maze, George. I doubt your body would take you there, regardless, but promise me you never try it. It’s a dangerous place, the maze. That deer you heard in there, if that’s what it was, it will surely die.”
On this morning, Enoch, like Ruby, felt disappointed with George’s physical state. It was true that George had begun to appear noticeably more aged every day. Ruby saw it. Crawford, too, saw it but seemed disinterested, agreeing, but not speaking of it unless the point was raised by Ruby. Enoch, on the other hand, had seemed intent on denying it, perhaps believing that George’s physical decline was within his own power to contain. The injections each day certainly relieved the discomfort, and they were, in themselves, like a temporary injection of youth. There was no doubt, however, that despite his physical state, George’s mental acuity was improving rapidly. Over breakfast that morning he joined the conversation, not saying a lot, but obviously following the thread of each topic discussed. Enoch was greatly pleased by this and complimented him. Ruby felt anxious for George, almost wishing he would revert to the vague haze that had held him. She saw only suffering in the coming together of a lucid mind and a failing body.
Breakfast was over and so Enoch administered George’s daily injection, speaking to Ruby as she cleared the table. Crawford stood near the mantle, and in his quiet way, looked from Enoch to George then back to Ruby, a sad confusion washing across his features. Ruby saw it and calmed him with a reassuring glance.
“I’m heading into town shortly, Ruby,” announced Enoch. “I’ll be taking Bledlock with me.”
“I see. The police matter, I take it?”
Enoch looked up from the attention he afforded George.
“Yes Ruby, the police matter. Nothing wrong with your ears, I gather?”
Ruby, feeling rebuffed, took the remaining plates to the kitchen. Peeved by the quick exchange, she remained there, washing dishes, until she heard him leave through a rear door some twenty minutes later. Crawford had headed off into other parts of the house, straightening and tidying. In the meantime, George, feeling better since his injection, had found himself taking note of where Enoch had placed the medicine and syringe, the only saviour of his physical comfort. Through the kitchen window, Ruby watched as she worked. She saw Enoch heading across the yard, and when Bledlock joined him, they made their way to the stables. In the dining room, George sat quietly alone, eyeing the small cabinet that hung suspended on the wall. If one needle per day eased his pain so effectively, what might two do - or three? Did he dare? He had seen how the job was done, how Enoch would use the syringe to extract the dose, then turn the needle and eject the air. From there it was a simple matter of finding a vein. He saw, too, how Enoch had done that. George rose from his seat, his joints softly clicking but without pain. He peered into the hallway. There was no sign of Crawford. He saw Ruby in the kitchen, toiling with her back to him. Never before had such a notion occurred to him. His mind had always been so clouded and vague, incapable of any great ability to reason. From the centre of the room, George stared at the cabinet. He eased over to it and pulled on the small door. It opened and he looked back to see that he was still alone. He heard Ruby coming and quickly closed the door, moved away casually and stood by the window. Ruby entered the room, surprised to see him watching her from his stance by the glass.
“George,” she said, “you must be feeling well. Why don’t you go outside and read? Look, the sun is out. I will come out myself shortly and help you with your book.”
George nodded, reached for his book on the sideboard where it was kept, took his cushion and made his way out of the room. Ruby followed him and helped him down the stairs. He wanted to ask Ruby what she thought of him taking extra medicine. Would it help? Would it get him through the afternoons more comfortably once the morning dose had worn off? Instead, he said nothing, keeping the idea and the thought to himself.
Once down the stairs, George walked alone to his chair, it being part of a permanent lawn setting. Ruby watched from the steps to ensure he got there safely. She had no need for worry. George walked with reasonable ease, and with an intelligence and purpose he had not until recently displayed. He marvelled himself at the ease with which he moved, that although his joints rattled and clicked and his muscles felt tight and constricted, there was next to no pain. Whatever it was that Enoch injected, it was indeed a wonder drug.
He sat in the sun and began to read, his brain readily comprehending the sentences. The progress he was making mentally, the clarity of thought, the comprehension, the ability to reason; it was all happening now at such a rate that George could actually feel it developing. If only his memory would return. With that thought, he stopped reading and stared out over the lawns and wondered about his accident. It must have indeed been a bad one, as Enoch had said, to have so injured his body, but also his brain. He looked again at his book, his finger still fixed on the one large word he did not understand. He would ask Ruby for its meaning when she came out. The rest of the page was now well within his grasp, so yes, his brain injury was healing. Surely his memory would soon return, first in dribs and drabs but then in a flood of recall. He smiled. His melancholia had eased over the last day or so. It was being replaced by optimism as George marvelled for a moment at his sudden and rapid progress.
Ruby made her way onto the lawn, bringing them each a cool drink. She knelt beside George and saw that he had read nearly fifteen pages.
“Just this word here, Ruby,” and he showed her the one he did not understand. She then explained its meaning.
“You are doing so well, George.”
Gently, the ageing maid hugged him. She pulled back, again with tears welling in her eyes.
“Why so sad, Ruby?” asked George.
Ruby wiped at her eyes, then smiled as more tears welled.
“You touch my heart, George,” she said. “You touch my heart in a way you’ll never know.”
George felt some of his old confusion. “But why, Ruby?”
She smiled softly and answered, “Take no notice, George. I’m just a silly old woman.”
“My brain is getting better, Ruby.”
“Yes, it is.”
“But I still don’t remember things, Ruby. Tell me what I don’t remember.”
Ruby hesitated, then looked deeply into his eyes.
“I’m not sure what I should tell you, George,” she answered, cautiously. “Has Enoch told you anything?”
George thought for a moment, then attempted a word that was seemingly foreign to him.
“Ifricah – I-Ifricah.”
“Africa,” corrected Ruby.
“Yes, Ruby - Africa. What is Africa?”
“Africa is where you lived, George. You lived there for many years. Everybody thought you were dead.”
“But, why?”
“Nobody had heard from you in such a long time, and then there was news from Africa that you had probably been killed.”
George’s brow furrowed. He looked out across the lawn.
“Where is Africa, Ruby?”
“A long way away, George - another land. South from here.”
“South?”
“Yes, George. Remember when I explained the world?” Ruby indicated a large sphere with her hands. “We are here, George,” she said, “and Africa is here.”
George stared into the imaginary globe, then spoke again.
“But Ruby, I don’t remember Africa.”

Chapter five

By mid-afternoon George had grown tired. He put down his book and closed his eyes. Ruby said she would return for him in half an hour and went back inside with the remains of the sandwich lunch she had brought.
George was nearly asleep when he was jerked suddenly back, a now familiar voice drifting across the tranquil lawns. For a moment he sat unmoving, his eyes open as he listened again. He thought that perhaps he had concocted the voice from the gentle chatter of birds.
“Help me - please… Won’t somebody please help me?”
No, it was not birds - and certainly not a deer as Enoch had suggested. Although the voice was faint, the words were clear. George felt the same haunting chill as before and leaned forward with a cracking pain that caused him to wince. As had been the case during the night, his eyes were drawn to what he knew to be the direction of the maze. From where he sat no part of it could be seen, the view blocked by the many trees and shrubs, all part of the dark and stately gardens between.
“Ruby,” he called, “Ruby.”
Ruby did not come, unable to hear his call from her station in the kitchen. George got to his feet. The drugs were wearing off and each pain was returning. He strained his vision, but even when standing the maze could not be seen. He turned and made for the house, hobbling and limping, not giving his body a chance to free up.
“Ruby,” he called as he staggered along the side of the mansion, heading for the servant’s entrance, knowing that in his half-crippled state the steps to the front door would be too difficult.
“What is it, George?” asked Ruby, meeting him at the door. She saw he was distressed and pale from his exertions.
“Lady in the maze,” he gasped.
Ruby helped him into a chair in the kitchen.
“Your book, George - where is it? And your cushion?”
“No, Ruby,” stressed George. “Lady in the maze. Dying - dying, like Enoch said about the deer.”
She brought him some water, held his hands and tried to calm him.
“George,” she said, “we’ve been through this. There is no lady in the maze.”
“Yes, Ruby. Dying. Calling out.”
Ruby could see that George was in earnest, that he genuinely believed there was somebody in the maze. She summoned Crawford to oversee him while she headed for the front of the house. After a short time, she was back.
“I can’t hear a thing, George. Perhaps you’re imagining it. Maybe it’s the medication you’re on.”
George was very worked up by this stage and shaking. Crawford left the room as soon as Ruby returned.
“Need to go to the maze, Ruby - to save the lady.”
“No, George. That’s out of the question. Enoch has forbidden any of us from going near the maze.”
“But why, Ruby?”
“Because of the danger, George. It’s full of trickery - and the sheer size of the monstrosity. It’s simply out of the question.”
“But, Ruby?”
“No, George - no. Apart from the danger, your poor body would never get you there.”
“My medicine.”
Ruby stood suddenly erect, her expression stern and fixed.
“George,” she said, “tell me how your joints are, and your muscles.”
“Sore, Ruby.”
“And you have come only from the lawns to here.”
“But, in the morning?”
“Yes, George, in the morning you feel better because of your needle, but now it’s worn off.”
“More needles, Ruby. More needles.”
Ruby sighed. “George, let me talk to Enoch about giving you an afternoon needle as well. Don’t get your hopes up, though. He will know how much medicine you can safely have. But either way, George, you will not be going anywhere near the maze - please.”
On that final word, Ruby’s voice broke and again she started to cry. The stern expression had suddenly given way to one quite sad and pitiable. George reached out and touched her hand.
“Oh, George,” she said, squeezing his hand in return, “please promise me you’ll stay away from the maze. Oh, dear God, if anything should happen to you - my family would…”
She stopped suddenly and quickly regained her composure.
“You’re a dear man, George,” she said firmly, “and nothing must happen to you.”
George said nothing more but eventually rose and sat by the window in the dining room. He stared out at the day and wondered about the woman in the maze. How long could she last?
Ruby soon poked her head into the room and said she was going out to the lawn to get the cushion and book that George had left behind. As soon as she left, George found his eyes wandering to the small cabinet on the wall, the one that held his medicine. Above him, he heard Crawford’s footsteps, the ageing manservant going about his duties on the next floor. He looked out the window and saw Ruby still en route to the garden chairs. As quickly as he could, George made for the cabinet. Quietly, he opened it and looked in. He was at once dismayed, seeing it contained just one syringe and a very small bottle of his drug, Menzadine. There was nothing he would be able to take from the cabinet without Enoch noticing it was gone. Carefully, he closed the cabinet and retook his seat, his body now aching wearily. Somewhere, he thought to himself, Enoch would have more of that drug. If only he knew where.
Ruby returned, placed George’s book on the mantle and laid the cushion on a chair. She then looked at George with a sad expression, the light from the window seeming to highlight, even exaggerate, his rapidly ageing appearance.
“George,” she said, “let me help you up the stairs. I want you to have a lie down this afternoon, even a sleep. Take the weight off your poor body.”
George readily agreed, keen for the freedom of being in his own room, not just to rest but to contemplate the things that bothered him.
So, he lay on his bed and thought of his aching, weary body, of the supply of drugs that Enoch surely had stored somewhere in the house, probably in his laboratory, drugs that would have the power to keep him pain free all day and all night. If he could just get his hands on that medicine! Surely, if he could, then nothing could hold him back. His mind was recovering well; he felt his mental state improving rapidly, his clarity of mind, his understanding, his ability to reason. If only his body could progress at the same rate. Instead, George knew that his physical condition, if anything, was getting worse. He felt he had two choices, either convince Enoch of his need for more injections or, if that failed, get his hands on that medicine himself.
His mind began to wander. He imagined Enoch’s laboratory, shelves and shelves of Menzadine, bottle upon bottle, and drawers with hundreds of syringes. He imagined the instant of injection, the tingling bliss in the moments immediately after, and as the pain left him, the soothing warmth of the drug’s comfort as it travelled his veins.
And it was at that moment, while his mind was far away, that through his open bedroom window he again heard the woman in the maze. Rather than spoken words, the sound came as a low mournful sobbing that rose from the still afternoon and floated in from afar. George got to his feet, placed his hands on the sill and stared out over the gardens. A mist was gathering as the day wore down, the sun behind him now, falling beyond the house. With the air so still and silent, there was nothing to stop the sad lament as it rose from that horrible and distant place.
With another’s body, I could rescue her, he thought – or if my own body was full of Menzadine, I could rescue her. He knew then that he could not wait for Enoch’s approval, or for any incremental increase in dosage that Enoch might decree. He had to locate the drugs himself.
Just as quickly as her sobs rose from the maze, they ceased. George kept his vigil at the window, watching and listening, but there was nothing more. The mist settled, the sun grew ever lower, and the evening came in. He lay back on his bed, having closed the window just a little. The night would be fine. Autumn was coming on and warm days were giving way to cool nights.
He stood again and looked at the blanketing mist outside, unable to remember having ever seen such a thing. It soon covered the ground like a shroud, wisped around and caressed the walls of the old building. Soon, not even the lawns could be seen. He found it overwhelming and oppressive, and again lay back on the bed, frightened for the woman in the maze, trying to imagine her discomfort, her cold as the terrible fog settled in. He wondered who the woman might be, how she had come to be lost in the maze and why nobody had missed her, why nobody seemed to be looking for her. As far as George knew, nobody had come to the house asking about a missing person. Even to the workings of George’s still less than perfect mind, the situation seemed peculiar.
George dwelled for some time on this matter, until eventually his mind drifted to other thoughts. He wondered about Africa, that strange, distant land where he was said to have lived for so long.
Surely his memory would return. His brain was certainly growing stronger with every passing day, so surely memory of Africa would return to him in due course. And when it did, he would tell Enoch and Ruby of his life there, of all the things he had seen and done, rather than he being told of those years by them.

Chapter six  

Despite George’s desire to find the medicine himself, he knew he was not likely to succeed. It seemed probable that Enoch would keep any such supply in his laboratory and bring out only that which was needed at any one time. As nobody other than he knew how to access the shut-off sections of the house, it seemed unlikely that George would be able to find his way in, let alone locate the Menzadine. He therefore decided, after a period of further thought, that he should ask Enoch for additional injections and see where that led. There seemed little to be lost in at least putting the question.
The matter was brought up over the evening meal that night.
“George,” said Enoch, “the medicine is in short supply. There is only so much I am able to produce at this point. You must also understand that you are the first person to ever use it and its full effects are not yet known. As well as that, I would worry that masking your pain excessively might cause setbacks in your recovery. Pain is, after all, the body’s warning system. It tells us when we need to stop, when we should rest. If pain is totally masked then you might try something foolish, something that might damage your already fragile body and slow your recovery.”
“But, Enoch,” persisted George, “pain in the afternoon is bad. Needles help. Please.”
Enoch ended the conversation immediately.
“No, George. As I have said, the medicine is limited. If I was to increase your dosage I would run out, and then you would have to go days without any medication until more was produced. I have also told you of the dangers. I’m sorry, George, but the matter is closed.”
George was shocked by the response. He had expected perhaps a small injection in the afternoons to at least help him through.
When the meal was over, he again retired to his room. His every joint and muscle ached, popped and cracked with each movement, his journey up the stairs, assisted by Ruby, a most painful matter. As he lay, he, like Ruby, wished Enoch had accommodated him on the lower floor.
After a time, George moved again to the window, gazed out on the white blanket of fog and again heard a distant whimper. He felt his eyes mist and his heart break for the poor woman in the maze. During the course of the evening meal, he had once more raised the issue of her, only for the matter to be instantly dismissed by Enoch.
“George, please,” he had said, insistently, “there is nobody in the maze. Nobody has been reported missing. As I have already said, it is an animal, nothing more.”
“No, Enoch,” cut in George.
“Yes, George,” Enoch bit back. “This, too, is what I’ve been talking about with regard to your medication. Do you not think it strange that nobody else has heard this woman, heard her voice pealing out from the maze? As I tried to explain to you earlier, I do not yet know all the effects of the medicine you’ve been taking but one effect might well be hallucination.”
“No, Enoch. She is real.”
Enoch put down his cutlery and tempered his building frustration.
“All hallucinations seem real at the time, George,” he said evenly.
Then, as he tended to do when he deemed a conversation had run its course, he told George he would hear no more of the matter of the woman in the maze.
George lay back on his bed, realising for sure that nobody was going to help him. If the woman was to be saved it would be up to him and him alone. He also knew that what Ruby had said was true. His body would never get him to the maze. Surely his only hope was to locate more Menzadine. But what if Enoch had been telling the truth, that the medication was in very short supply, that he could barely produce enough for George’s single morning injection? If that were so, then the woman in the maze would surely perish, as eventually might George, withering daily into a deepening sea of pain.
He lay very still, the warm bed relieving him of his weight and his aches, his mind running and re-running through his various difficulties. But exhausted as he always was at the end of each day, George soon drifted into sleep. As was normally the case, his mind was quiet for the first hour or more, nothing there save for something akin to the emptiness of eternity.
When that initial deep sleep had passed, he found himself, as he had previously, roaming painlessly and as though in the body of another, through the weaving passageways of the maze. He roamed along effortlessly, seeming to know his way, coming at last upon an open area somewhere deep within. In the midst of that small open area stood a timber cabin, one room only and a tin roof. He did not stare upon it in wonder, for in his dream he knew what it was. It was a private sanctuary, a place to go, to think, alone and without distraction. He made for the door, but just as he did, a voice came upon him from afar. He spun and looked back into the hedgerows through which he had passed.
The voice came again, faintly, pleading, calling for help. He felt the hairs rise on the back of his neck, and as his image of the maze faded and his eyelids opened, he was once more in the semi-darkness of his upstairs room. He lay motionless, his dream still vivid as his conscious mind returned. He heard the voice again, a distant pleading, and then it was gone. He went to the window but saw nothing. The fog was thick against it. There was nothing else. He returned to his bed and felt the pain in his heart building, imagining the woman in the maze, lost, terrified, cold and starving. He knew he had little time to save her. The pain stabbed at his heart and he knew it to be matched only by the pain in his limbs, the simple exercise of going to the window taxing heavily his unmedicated body.
The bed again did its job, and troubled though George was, sleep in time returned, and soon after that, his dreaming. This time, however, he was not in the maze but in Enoch’s laboratory. He was reading a paper he had written himself, entitled ‘Mapping Life.’ He read it through, made a small correction here and there, then laid it in a satisfied way upon the bench, leaned back in his chair, his hands clasped behind his head, and looked around the room in a knowing way. He then rose from his seat and exited the laboratory, made his way along a corridor, released a latch, saw a panel slide open, then repeated the process further along. From there, he was in the upper hallway. He passed by George’s bedroom - at which point he abruptly awoke from this second dream. He realised at once the character he had played in the dream was not him, for on passing his own bedroom door he had sensed the presence of ‘George’ slumbering beyond it. He gasped for breath and replayed the dream over and over. It had presented itself in such an astonishingly real way. George sat up in his bed, sweating through his nightclothes, wondering what it all meant.
Suddenly, the distant clock he had heard and often wondered about, tolled the hour. The sound came, as always, from deep within the bowels of the house, from a place George did not know. He knew the place had to exist somewhere in Enoch’s forbidden zone, in the part of the house secretly shut off from all others. Yet now, in his mind, George saw the clock toll. He saw it standing proud and tall in the hallway outside the laboratory. He had passed by it in his dream.
He clasped his face with his hands and continued to relive the dream, carefully reviewing its finer points, taking note of where items were in relation to other items, particularly the whereabouts of the sliding panels.
Could it be that this dream had shown him the way to Enoch’s laboratory? Logic said no. After all, it was just a dream, surely fashioned from the material of his problems. And yet it had been so real, as had been the dream of the maze. He lay back and wondered, then tried with all his power to commit the details of each dream to memory, particularly those of the second.
It was the following morning. Breakfast was done, and immediately after George’s morning injection, Enoch announced that he had further business in town and would be gone all day. George followed his normal routine, resting in his chair on the lawn, reading his book. His mind, however, constantly wandered, reviewing the previous night’s dreams and thinking of the woman in the maze.
Crawford had taken suddenly ill and had lapsed into a fever. Ruby was making him comfortable on the large settee in the sitting room and had the open fire burning, for although it was pleasant outside, the house retained its overnight chill, and the more so for Crawford in his condition. It occurred to George that this situation might be fortuitous, for it might allow him the opportunity to examine the passage in the upper hall beyond his bedroom. And so, he found he was unable to concentrate, could not follow the thread of the story he was reading. Soon enough, he packed up his cushion and his book and headed back indoors, telling Ruby it was cool outside and that he would read in his room.
“Do you need some help up the stairs, dear?” asked Ruby.
“No, Ruby” replied George. It was only an hour or so since his injection and he was relatively pain free.
“I won’t be able to help you with your reading today, George, what with Crawford being ill. I’m sorry.”
“Is alright, Ruby. Am better reading now, anyway.”
Ruby smiled, “Yes, George, you are. You’re doing very well.”
George again saw a watery mist wash across Ruby’s eyes, as so often he did when she spoke to him endearingly. He wondered again the sadness that seemed to grip the woman. It was clear something deep was troubling her. He turned and made his way out into the lower hall, and from there, up the stairs.
When he reached his room, George placed the book on his bed, then exited and closed the door and quietly made his way along the passage. For the whole way he kept the imagery of his dream in his mind’s eye. And it took no time at all for George to find what he was looking for. Along the wall were decorative woodcarvings in the form of running vines and leaves. The handiwork was beautiful, each wooden leaf, each thread of vine standing proud of the wall, perfect in its vegetative depiction.
George had travelled beyond the door that was next after his, a room he knew to be empty. He referred back to his dream and recalled passing that same door after exiting the forbidden zone, having just come through the sliding panel. He counted the leaves along from the door and grabbed hold of the seventh. He pulled the leaf towards himself and turned it, then heard a latch release within the wall, the panel shifting back and sliding, spring loaded, into the wall cavity. Another passageway opened up and George stepped through, careful to slide the panel shut behind him. A tingling of fear and excitement flooded through him, and disbelief at the truth of his dream. He knew exactly where to go from there and quickly had the next panel open.
Being hidden, this one was not disguised, an obvious latch handle on the wall. He passed through, turned to his left, and saw the huge grandfather clock just as it tolled the hour. At the sound of it, he jumped back with a start then looked all around.
Across from the clock he saw the opening he knew to be the doorway to Enoch’s laboratory. By now George was experiencing a strange, very peculiar mix of excitement and shame. There was excitement in discovery, in the truth divulged by his dream, in the possibility of his discovering the whereabouts of more Menzadine, but there was shame too, and guilt, in his going behind Enoch’s back.
He moved to the doorway and stood, staring in. Dull light leaked in though a dusty barred window that was slightly ajar. There was a chemical odour in the room, one that would have been truly overbearing had the window not been open.
“Formaldehyde,” whispered George, then wondered how he knew. The room was oddly familiar, though certain things were not where he imagined they would be. He looked at the dust on the floor and was able to see where things had previously been before they were so obviously rearranged. He harked back to his dream. He wondered if the dream was why the laboratory seemed so familiar. He felt sure he had been inside it before.
He looked again at the marks in the dust, they indicating where cupboards and workbenches had been. Again, he referred to his dream. Yes, he thought, this is where things were in my dream - but now they are moved, rearranged. A sharp chill passed through George, tingling first his extremities, then travelling along his spine and peaking in the back of his neck. There was a terrific eeriness in what he was feeling. He took a seat for a moment on one of two padded chairs. Then a realisation came over him, as he came to understand the probable cause of his dream and of his peculiar sense of familiarity. Of course, he thought, this is the start of my memory returning. Enoch must have brought me here, brought me here before my accident. Yes, I am his brother. He would have shared the secrets of the building with me but not with the household staff. George smiled, believing now that his dreams were the beginnings of his memory returning.
For a few minutes he sat and marvelled at the progress he was making, felt satisfied that his mind would soon be back to normal. If only my body would recover so quickly, he thought.
And it was this thought that jerked him back to reality, returning him to the subject of the Menzadine, the reason he had sought Enoch’s laboratory in the first place. He stood with a cracking in his back that was still masked by the morning injection, and began immediately searching through the head-high cupboards. There were bottles of various sizes and types, some labelled, some not, filled and partly filled with a variety of coloured liquids, one large one containing the preserved body of a baby pig. George looked upon the pig in wonder as it hung suspended in the murky fluid, almost animate it seemed, but captured and held in time. He opened more cupboards, found more pigs, then a multitude of perfectly preserved frogs of various sizes and colours. A memory flashed through him but was gone again as quickly, a memory of standing over a workbench, syringing the essence (essence – yes, that was the word that flashed to mind) from a common frog. He looked long and hard at the frogs in the bottles and tried again to grasp the fleeting memory he had felt, but alas, it was gone.
From there, George moved to the next wall. There was a bench-top with a large pile of notes and papers stacked up. He was tempted to read them but again remembered why he was there.
He opened a freestanding cabinet. That was when everything to that point left his mind and he gazed in wonder. For there it was - the supply he had felt sure existed - bottle upon bottle of Menzadine, each labelled, the name handwritten. Shelf upon shelf of Menzadine, and so many bottles that as many as ten would not be missed. George took six. It was as many as he could fit in his pockets. There were syringes and needles in a drawer nearby and he took some of those too. He smiled as he felt the weight and the bulge of his cargo. Nothing would stop him now. From this point forward, his body would always be free of pain, and he could now formulate a plan to save the woman in the maze.
Delighted by his success, George went to leave. It was then that the first twinge of afternoon pain hit him. It struck his knee as he turned, and so, for a moment, he retook his seat on the chair, though his back and even his shoulders clicked in mild pain as he did. He felt the Menzadine bottles in his pockets, feeling glad in the knowledge that he would soon administer an injection in the privacy of his own room. He then cast his eyes one more time around the laboratory, the work benches, the cupboards that held the baby pigs, those with the oddly familiar frogs, the Bunsen burners (again a name he seemed already to know), the test tubes, charts and so forth. His eyes then fell on a large metal table in the far corner of the room, away from all the other laboratory apparatus and storage. There was a large box of some sort sitting atop the table but covered with a heavy cloth.
The cloth covered the box almost entirely but in places tiny sections of its glass sides were in view. Through a small gap, George could see that the tank was full of a fluid which appeared dark and murky in the shadow of the cloth. His curiosity was immediately sparked, and so, with effort from joints and muscles that were rapidly returning to their unmedicated state, he made his way over. He stood alongside the glass tank, as he perceived it to be, and took the corner of the cloth. But instead of lifting the cloth he hesitated, for something suddenly came over him. A hand clutched at his heart, a dark cloud closing all around him in the instant he touched it. An overwhelming sense of despair, dreadful and immense, gripped him as he stood by the tank. He dropped the corner of the cloth from his fingers and moved back near the window, his back against the wall, his eyes fixed on the covered tank, not daring to look beneath the cloth.
He stood, staring at the tank, confused by a fear he did not understand, a fear that had come on him so suddenly, in the instant that he stood by the tank and took the corner of the cloth in his hand. For a full minute, George stared, a cool sweat beading on his face, his mind fixed on the tank. And it was then, while his mind was involved, that he heard voices, voices that quickly dragged his thoughts away. They were coming from outside, from beneath the slightly open window. He turned and peered down through the bars. A full floor below, he saw the tops of two heads, Enoch and Bledlock. George was instantly surprised and horrified by the sight. He had understood that Enoch had gone to town on business and he would not have sought out the laboratory had he thought Enoch was on the grounds.
The pair stood ten feet out from the house. George could hear their words, Bledlock first, speaking in his odd way, the distinct, gruff, European accent.
“Yes, I hear her, too, this morning when I’m pulling out the weeds, (he points) over near the two figs.”
“You heard what?”
“A woman. A woman in the maze.”
There was a momentary silence as Bledlock intently watched Enoch.
“So, what do we do about it?” he said.
Enoch replied quickly.
“Nothing, Bledlock. What can we do?”
Bledlock threw out his arms. “But she will die, the woman.”
“So, she dies. What else can we do, Bledlock? Do you propose we go in after her and suffer the same fate?”
“But, the woman?”
“The woman dies, Bledlock. Yes, we might have been able to go in after her had you not left the map in the cabin. But there’s no going in after her now, not ever.”
Bledlock’s voice then raised in the wake of Enoch’s accusation. “Well, you would never had a map in the first place if I did not first take it.”
“Yes, Bledlock, but what good does that do us now? The woman dies in a day or two and it all gets forgotten.”
“We can go there perhaps from this end - get the map from the cabin - would not be too hard.”
“I’m not negotiating that rock fall from this end, Bledlock. It’s bad enough coming down the rocks, let alone going up.”
George listened as Enoch continued, and heard his impatience with Bledlock growing.
“Listen, Bledlock, I’m not about to put my life, or yours for that matter, at risk to save some fool gypsy woman who’s wandered into the maze. Let her die.”
“And what if the police come?” fired back Bledlock. “What do you tell them?”
“I tell them nothing. How should I know if some woman has trespassed onto my property and lost herself in the maze?”
“But, what about George? He told you about her - and they might ask him.”
With that, Enoch placed both hands on Bledlock’s shoulders and laughed.
“Oh, Bledlock, really? The ravings of a man with brain damage? Come on, please. Ignoring George would be the expected thing. You’re a funny man, but you worry too much.”
George continued to watch as the pair slowly headed off, their backs to him.
“But what of Number Two?”
“Forget Number Two,” said Enoch. “Come, we must attend to our little monkey.”
The pair then disappeared from view.
George came back from the window, his mind processing what he had heard and seen. He was shocked by Enoch’s words. How could he allow the woman to die? He had clearly heard Bledlock confirm to Enoch that somebody was trapped in the maze, and yet Enoch seemed not to care. And how could Enoch also have dismissed George so coldly, ‘the ravings of a man with brain damage?’ George at once felt very hurt and abandoned by Enoch’s remarks. Enoch was his brother and his friend. How could he now speak of him in such an uncaring way? He leaned against the laboratory wall and ran the conversation again through his mind. And what was that at the end about Number Two? Who or what was Number Two? And what was that about a monkey?
Now very confused, George felt the existence of dark secrets in the Hargreaves mansion. What strange understanding was there, he wondered, between master and gardener? His eyes fell again on the glass tank on the table, the one with the cloth over it. He moved toward it, curiosity now demanding he lift the cover and take a look, but at the very moment he was about to peel it back he heard the click of a sliding door and the sounds of footsteps and voices. It was Enoch and Bledlock entering the secret part of the Hargreaves mansion. George froze for a moment, then eased back in behind the heavy drapes that hid either side of the window. From the shadows, he saw as Bledlock entered the laboratory, took a hypodermic needle, a syringe, and a bottle of fluid from a drawer, then returned them to Enoch, who was elsewhere in the hall, or perhaps in another room. He heard another door swing shut, then a strange, low, guttural cry, less savage in its sound than frightened. George shivered at the sound, a chill running through him. It was a sound of terror, muffled, weak, but given with all the strength the poor creature could summon. It sounded human, female - but maybe not.
Perhaps instead, this was the monkey.
Soon after that he heard the door open again. Then it closed. From his position behind the drapes, George saw Enoch and Bledlock pass by the doorway of the laboratory and soon heard them exit through the sliding door in the passage. He felt paralysed with fear, not knowing what the two of them were up to. Their behaviour had been particularly strange and there were clearly secrets they shared. Within a minute he again caught sight of them through the window, heading off across the lawns in the direction of the great gardens that separated the maze. He then saw them disappear along the path that led through the gardens, that passed by the giant figs, and from there, presumably, to the maze. George felt sure the pair would not go as far as the maze, not after what Enoch had said, but might be travelling the path in order to hear the woman’s cry.
He slipped out from behind the drapes, the Menzadine and needles in his pockets, and made for the hallway. At the doorway he peered along the passage. There were three other doors, all closed. The poor creature that gave that pitiable cry was in behind one of them. George tried each of them in turn. The first was locked and so he moved to the next. That door opened, as did the third. Both were empty but for a few stored and dusty items - brooms, boxes and so forth. It was obvious the sound he had heard had come from behind that first locked door.
He tapped on it gently in an attempt to gain a response. Nothing. He tapped again. Still nothing. Not a sound. He moved back along the passage and out through the sliding door. From there, he went back along the way that had brought him, listened for any noise, then released the latch that slid the final panel, the one that returned him to the permitted part of the house. It was not until he returned to his room, lay on his bed and felt his pain slightly ease, that he was aware of the toll his adventure had taken on his suffering body. But not for much longer, he thought, taking the Menzadine from his pocket. He sat up on the bed, clicking and cracking with the effort, his muscles paining and cramping at the renewed movement. He eased the hypodermic needle in through the opening in the top of the bottle and drew out the approximate amount he had known Enoch to administer each morning. Carefully, George ejected the air, found the same pockmarked area of his arm, and eased the point into his flesh.
He pushed the plunger until the chamber was empty. Then he lay back on the bed and waited for the effect. Within a minute he felt the warm familiar sensation as it washed throughout his body, leaked like running water to each extremity, through every joint, tendon and cartilage. For five full minutes he lay and enjoyed the relief. He then sat up, his body cracking and popping, but this time painlessly. He picked up the bottle of Menzadine once more, saw how little he had used and smiled, knowing there were many more doses remaining in this bottle alone. In the back of his cupboard, he then hid all the medicine bottles and the syringes he had taken.
With the pain gone and his small trip of discovery behind him, George once more ran over the details, wondering again the secrets known only to master and gardener. What strange bond had these two formed? The peculiar conversation he had heard through the window; it replayed over and again in his mind. There was darkness in what he had heard and seen and in the mysteries that were but hinted at. And in his mind, he kept hearing the distressed sound of whatever poor creature was held captive in that room. George rose from his seated position, reached into the cupboard and looked again at the bottle of Menzadine. Is this the cost, he wondered, of easing my pain, of all my brother’s medical research - pain and suffering for poor animals?
He replaced the bottle and retook his seat, wishing he’d had more time in the laboratory, more time to better understand the form that Enoch’s research took.
He suddenly remembered the glass tank. In his rush to leave he had never looked under the cloth, had no idea what lay in fluid upon the table, that which Enoch needed to keep covered even in so secret a place. He wished he had indeed taken a look and he cursed himself for his failure. Should he go back? No, it was too risky. He was now unsure as to the exact whereabouts of Enoch and Bledlock. He had seen them heading off along the garden path but they could now easily be back. They might even have returned to the laboratory. After all, who knew what other means of entry they had? And at any point, Ruby or Crawford might come along the upper hall in search of George. No, he had been lucky to escape detection the first time.
He did not know what strange deceit was woven through the Hargreaves mansion, but knew now that he should be wary of everyone. It was, however, Enoch, the man he had so trusted, who suddenly scared him the most, more from what George did not understand of him than from what he did. He had perceived an unexpected cruelty in Enoch, a readiness to dispense with human life without a care, the keeping, too, of a monkey for painful research, and even the dismissive attitude toward he, his sick and injured brother. Clearly, Bledlock was also privy to whatever was going on, and so for the moment both men needed to be treated warily. As for Ruby and Crawford, George was uncertain as to what other roles they might play in the house. He decided nobody could be confided in. He could not mention to anyone anything of what he had seen or heard. He certainly could not let on that he had found and taken bottles of his own medicine, and certainly could not tell anybody of the plan that festered and smouldered in his mind, that was driving his every thought and now burned like wildfire - his plan to rescue the woman in the maze.   
 
Chapter seven  

George spent the remainder of the day in his room, continually moving to the window and staring out towards the maze, his window open and his ears ready for any sound. He heard nothing until very late in the afternoon when a faint and mournful wail rose up from afar. It sounded a long way off and could almost have come from Cavendish Forest. But George knew better. He had learned to recognise the timbre of the woman’s cry. He also knew that the maze was huge and she may have been calling from its farthest reaches.
Despite the chilling nature of the sound as it wafted out and through the gathering dusk of late afternoon, George felt relieved to hear it. As the day had worn down and no sound had come from her, he had feared the worst. He knew that unaided she would eventually die and was terrified that the time had already come. All afternoon he had gone from his bed to the window and back again, waiting for a single sign that she was still alive. Finally, it had come.
Throughout the afternoon his thoughts had also been riddled with other concerns and uncertainties. There was the unknown side to his brother, Enoch, that he had seen and heard earlier that day. He was struggling to come to grips with the callous nature of Enoch’s conversation with Bledlock. He was shocked that Enoch, who had devoted his entire life to the betterment of mankind through science and medicine, who had never married, unable to focus on such common domesticity whilst larger issues pressed on his fertile mind, could be so dismissive of a human life in peril. How could he even consider allowing the poor woman to die when surely something could be done to save her? Other factors too, such as the poor monkey, if that’s what it was, being held captive in that locked room. How could Enoch endorse such a thing? George also wondered what Bledlock had meant when he had asked Enoch about ‘Number Two.’ What possible meaning could that have?
There was an interval before George would be summoned to the dinner table and all these thoughts, these questions, repeated in his head. He did not have the answers yet but thought that in time he might. His brain was now functioning much more clearly. He found his thoughts to be running free, flowing like a crystal mountain stream. He thought back to only a few days before when everything was different, everything was clouded and vague, and how the days before that were even more so. When he tried to think back even further there was nothing at all, nothing that could be brought to mind. That must have been the time immediately after his accident, after those carriage wheels had run over his body and his head and crushed him into the dust. The impression he now had was of himself emerging from a terrible bank of fog, the fog slowly thinning, thinner, thinner, until finally George stood alive again and perhaps on the brink of happiness, standing tall and proud under the clear blue sky, under the warm, gleaming sun. That day will come, he thought; my mind is getting better and my memory will soon be back; it’s just my body that will take time to heal, but at least I now have my medicine and Enoch need never know.
Finally, the evening meal was ready and Ruby came for him. George hobbled along beside her, his second injection now almost worn off. He purposely did not take another. Had he moved too freely at the dinner table he might have aroused suspicion. He decided it was better to suffer some pain during mealtime, knowing that he could allow himself another injection later.
They arrived in the dining room, Enoch standing by the window with a brandy, while Crawford, still quite pale from his sudden illness, sat quietly at the table, his eyes down. During the meal it arose that Enoch had not gone to town that day, that he had been accosted in the yard by Bledlock who had wished to apprise him of certain matters with regard to the grounds of the Estate.
George, of course, knew already that Enoch had not gone to town, having seen him through the window of the laboratory, having heard the bizarre and cruel conversation between he and Bledlock, and so said nothing.
While Enoch was talking, George found it impossible to not search his face, especially those intelligent eyes, for a sign of something other than compassion. At first glance his eyes appeared soft and knowing, his entire face reflecting the caring country practitioner, a kind and considerate man of the people.
Then, suddenly, as Enoch looked at each person in turn, as his eyes flicked from George, to Ruby, to Crawford, George felt a chill. For a fleeting moment he believed he had perceived something, a steely cunning, a kind of hardness behind those eyes, something dark and calculating, mirrored perhaps, too, in the narrowing of his lips when he spoke and in the set of his mouth. The impression came upon George as Enoch’s gaze fell upon his house staff, Ruby and Crawford, each listening to Enoch’s words, both with expressionless faces and saying nothing to him in return.
George felt his chill pass slowly away, just as Enoch announced that his trip would take place the following day instead. He said that he would be leaving early and would be away for at least a couple of nights. He said his business was in Brookdale and not Cavendish, which was normally the case when Enoch undertook business himself. He asked that Ruby administer George’s injections while he was gone and explained to her the procedure.
George listened, knowing that if Ruby felt at all uncertain, he would be able to talk her through the procedure himself. At this point, although he felt unsure of the people around him, George had always known Ruby to treat him kindly and felt confident in this task being assigned to her.
Much of the other conversation that evening was lost on George’s ears. For a good part of the meal, he found himself distracted, his mind elsewhere. He had such grand intentions of saving the woman in the maze but so far had given little thought as to how he might actually do it. His first hurdle had been to get hold of additional medicine. Had he not been able to do that then all else would have been fantasy. Of course, he had overcome that difficulty. He now saw that by having his own supply of medicine, his travelling the distance to the maze was no longer beyond the realms of possibility. What he had to do now was work out the details of his rescue plan.  
After the meal he headed for his room, Ruby, as always, by his side. She bade him goodnight then made her way back downstairs. Once George was certain she was gone he opened his cupboard, took out the already opened bottle of Menzadine, a syringe, and sat on the side of his bed. The pain that accompanied his sitting, that also accompanied him during the slow pull up the stairs, that caused both he and Ruby to wince, would soon be gone. He rolled up his sleeve, found a suitable vein and slowly injected his nectar. Again, the wonderful, flooding sensation passed through him and he closed his eyes at the pleasure it brought. The pain eased almost immediately, his body tingling and warming as the drug took effect. As before, George lay back and basked in the initial ecstasy.
After a few minutes he rose and returned the medicine and syringe to its hiding place, then sat at the slightly ajar window and gazed out. Again, the mist was gathering, the fog coming down to blanket the Estate as it had the previous night. The cold season was certainly approaching, and although the days were still pleasant, they grew shorter and the nights were getting cold.
One more night, he thought, as he stared out through the gloom, one more night and I’ll come for you.
He leaned forward and pushed the window out, then looked down at the small section of roof a few feet below. The design of the mansion was such that George’s upstairs room was recessed slightly from the lower outer wall, and from his window to that wall was a matter of some six to eight feet. He contemplated his exit strategy. He would have to make his break for the maze at night - the next night - and leaving by the front or rear doors on the lower floor was out of the question. Footsteps at night could be heard in the old building, and nobody must know of his plan. If he tried to leave through any of those doors, he would first have to negotiate the upper passage in absolute silence and then the stairway. He would surely be heard on his way through the house. No - his only choice, he decided, was out through the window.
George looked at the small, gently sloped section of roof. He would have to climb out the window, make his way across that, then lower himself down the front wall of the building. That part might not be too hard, he thought, for the front wall was overgrown with ivy. There would be plenty of handholds and footholds, and with the aches numbed in his body, he could use them to climb down. It was the actual getting to that point from the window that was surely the more perilous part. Being sloped and the night perhaps foggy, the roof could be slippery. Somehow, he had to secure himself. How could it be done? He sat on the edge of his bed and wondered. He then got up and checked through the bottom of his cupboard where many things not belonging to him were stored. There were shoes and small boxes but nothing he could use. He then groped his hand along the top of the cupboard. There were more boxes, empty jars, an assortment of hand tools as well. There was even an old book that George pulled down, The Riches of Africa, with his name, George Hargreaves, written neatly inside the front cover. For a few moments he thumbed the pages, quite sure he had never seen this before.
He then felt something coarse and fibrous. He closed his fingers around it and pulled down a coil of rope, gazed upon it. He sensed at once that this was his answer but wondered how it might be used. He unwound a little of it and tested its strength. He then saw it could be looped around the leg of his heavy bed and the two lengths flung out the window. He could use those lengths for support as he made his way across the roof to the ivy-covered wall. He thought the plan over and soon enough felt satisfied.
He felt sure he would now be able to escape the building unseen, safely. Once that was done, he could then embark on his trip to the maze.
George’s mind played over his good fortune so far. He had been successful in finding the extra medicine he would need and had now worked out how to escape the building. From there, he felt sure he knew the way to the maze. He knew the path that led there, even though, so far as he knew, he had never been along it, not since his accident anyway. But he must have been there once he thought, for in the same way he had seen Enoch’s laboratory in his dreams, so had he seen the inside of the maze. It might all come back to him as he made his way along the path, and he imagined his trip, having gone beyond the lawns and into the majestic gardens, past the giant fig trees and onward to the maze.  
His imagination carried him all the way along that path, and for many minutes he saw its gentle undulations, its simple turns, this way and that, its winding through the beautiful, established, planned gardens. He then saw the maze loom before him, and even as he imagined it, he shuddered. The path wound from between the shrubs and the giant trees and appeared to itself stop for breath as the conifer hedgerows stood frighteningly ahead. George held this image in his mind, his vision of the entry to the maze. He saw the path meander calmly ahead of him, and then, as though a victim of its own simple innocence, vanish, as if swallowed into the mouth of a great beast.
The image remained and George felt the enormity of his new problem. How could he take that next step, the one that would take him through that entrance and into the maze, without he, too, becoming lost?
He dwelled for some time, at least an hour, deeply troubled by this one great obstacle. During that time, he twice heard the woman, her ever-weakening sobs rising out of the distant maze and travelling to his ears on the particles of mist. His concern for her deepened further as he grappled with the problem.
Then, at last, he had it. It came to him as he toyed with the rope, as he heard the last of her cries fade away to nothing. He stared at the rope and thought of the storage cupboard he knew to exist in the lower passage, a little way up from the dining room.
He had seen both Ruby and Crawford take cleaning materials and other items from there. He looked again at the rope. He had seen Crawford take something very similar from the cupboard but it was thinner and longer than the rope. Twine, Crawford had called it, his reply curt, a single word answer to George’s question. He had then passed George by and gone on his way, as though glad to be free of his company. What a strange man Crawford was and George wondered why the man did not seem to like him. He was so different to Ruby, for Ruby had always been so kind. Crawford would generally try to leave George’s side, would avoid talking to him at all, and only when cornered would he give him the briefest of replies, usually with a sharp, yet strangely uncertain tone. Despite this, George had, over the last few days, become aware that Crawford was watching him, seemingly assessing him, especially at the meal table, darting his eyes away when George looked up, at which point the old man’s face would grow lined and troubled.
After a moment, George returned his attention to the matter at hand. His idea was to get that ball of twine, to take it with him to the maze. Surely if he looped it around something, perhaps a tree, at the entrance to the maze, and unrolled the ball as he went, he would be able to follow it out again later after finding the woman.
Yes, it now seemed so simple. He lay back on the bed, satisfied with his plan. All he had left to do was find time to get to the cupboard in the lower passage, take the ball of twine, then get it back to his room before night.  

Chapter eight  

The following day came and slowly went. And throughout that day George ran over in his mind his plans for the night, how he would escape the mansion and set about rescuing the woman lost in the maze.
The day had started like those before, Ruby coming for George in the morning and helping him down the stairs.
“You look tired,” she said, “but you are managing the stairs very well. Are your pains not too bad this morning?”
Even though George’s joints snapped and cracked as they always did, Ruby had noticed that he seemed untroubled by them.
“Not as bad today, Ruby,” he answered.
George had woken early, his mind fired by the daunting task he had set himself. In fact, he had slept restlessly all night, having taken hours to fall asleep, his mind in a whirr, planning and replanning, revisiting each detail over and over. Even when he had dropped off, he re-awoke soon after, his mind’s eye constantly seeing his journey ahead.
He was fully awake before the break of day and had risen and sat by the window. Just once more during the night had he heard his woman, but little more than a few garbled words and some faint sobbing. That had been hours before - he was not sure how many - but the clock had tolled several times since.
As soon as the room was light enough, George had gone to his cupboard and given himself an injection. He knew it would be at least a couple of hours before breakfast, and his body ached. An injection would tide him over nicely until then. The last of its effect still remained as Ruby led him down the stairs and into the dining room.
Crawford, still looking pale and drawn, sat away from the table, his eyes glazed over, his thoughts somewhere distant. Ruby caught the look on George’s face as the two of them entered.
“His fever is gone,” she said, “but he just sits and stares.”
“Enoch?” asked George.
“Gone to town already. Remember, George?”
“No, Ruby,” George corrected. “Can Enoch help Crawford?”
Ruby smiled - that same sad smile - and placed the flat of her hand gently on George’s cheek.
“There is nothing Enoch will do,” she said.
George took his seat at the table while Ruby headed to the kitchen to get breakfast. Crawford came to the table and sat without a word. When Ruby brought the food, he ate barely half.
Once breakfast was done, Ruby gave George his injection. Soon, his whole body felt new again, the earlier injection having barely worn off. Crawford, meanwhile, returned to his room on Ruby’s advice.
“He just can’t cope,” she told George, sadly. For a moment she stared into the open doorway through which Crawford had just passed, then headed back into the kitchen to wash the dishes.
George saw his opportunity and announced to Ruby that he would use the toilet before heading out to the lawns. She nodded her approval as she came back into the room, reaching for the condiments on the table before returning to the kitchen.
The toilet was down the hall from the dining room, well beyond the storage cupboard that George was seeking. With Ruby now occupied in the kitchen and Crawford in his room, George headed down the hallway. He stopped at the cupboard and quietly pulled it open. He then looked back along the hall, listened and made sure nobody was coming. From the kitchen, he could hear the clatter of cutlery and plates. He stepped into the cupboard and immediately began feeling around on the shelves.
There were containers and soaps, brushes, brooms and mops, even some garden boots and gloves tucked into a corner. George pushed his hand far back into each dark shelf until finally he felt a ball of twine. It seemed to be quite large and when he pulled it out, he saw it was a new ball. The label read two hundred yards of natural twine. He wasn’t quite sure how much two hundred yards was but judging by the size of the ball he thought it should be enough. He thrilled nervously at his find.
He made his way back along the hall, but rather than returning to the dining room, he headed upstairs instead. The injection Ruby had just administered made his ascent a little easier, and as a result he was fairly quickly on the upper level. He entered his room and deposited the twine beneath his bed. From there, he returned downstairs, Ruby oblivious to what had transpired, grabbed his book and his cushion and told her that he was heading outside. Ruby immediately left the washing up, insisting that she help him through the front door and onto the grass.
The morning passed quietly on the lawn - too quietly. Not once in all that time did George hear the woman in the maze. He worried for her, felt frustrated in his way that he could not head straight there and save her - that she might be dying while he lazed on the lawn. Surely the task of saving her would be so much easier in daylight. But what could he do? Ruby would not let him go. Enoch would not let him go. And even though Enoch was away, George could never be sure where Bledlock was.
It suddenly occurred to George that he was something of a prisoner - a prisoner - and yet he was a Hargreaves. How could it be that he was a prisoner, here on his family’s own Estate? Held prisoner in part by the employed maid, no less. What a very strange position in which to find himself. As placid a nature as George had, he suddenly felt a little angered - too strong a word perhaps - but certainly put out, by the restrictions placed upon him. He was, after all, a grown man, and a Hargreaves as well. For a short time, the matter stewed within him, that is, until he remembered his real situation. He was ill. He had been badly injured and was still recovering. He understood then that it was fair that some restrictions be placed on his actions, and those overseeing him were doing so only for his own good and for no other reason.
Still, he could not concentrate on his book. He laid it down, closed his eyes and anxiously awaited the passing of the day. Only then, when about to embark on his rescue mission, would he feel at peace. The poor woman had to be saved.
In the afternoon, as he generally did, George went up to his room and rested before tea. His mind was abuzz. He again ran over his plan, again saw it unravel in his mind’s eye. He left his window ajar and regularly went to it. The afternoon was perfectly still, and as the sun became low in the sky then fell beyond the gables, George felt the chill of night coming on.
An hour before it got dark, wisps of mist could be seen hanging in the forest. There was still no sound from the maze.
Then, a knock at the door. It was Ruby, getting him for tea. Her frown was slight, barely perceptible to George as he opened the door, but to her he looked haggard, more aged than he had, even that morning.
“Have you slept at all, dear?”
“No, Ruby.”
“Come on then. I’ll help you down the stairs.”
Despite the way he appeared, George again handled the descent admirably.
“My,” said Ruby, “you’re moving quite freely.”
George’s movement was accompanied by the usual sounds of clicking and popping, but the injection he had given himself an hour earlier was working wonders.
“Rested on the bed, Ruby,” he explained.
Crawford was standing by the mantle, a little more colour in his face and more alert to his surroundings. A look of mild alarm came over him when he saw George coming through the door.
“It’s alright, Crawford,” said Ruby, “it’s only George. Now take your seat and I’ll bring your meal.”
“You better now, Crawford?” asked George, as he sat opposite. Crawford’s eyes fell away from George and he nodded, though barely, in response.
Throughout the meal, Crawford was silent, Ruby doing his talking for him.
“He’s feeling a little better, George. The fever is gone for now but it recurs from time to time. Crawford has a condition he cannot help. He has good days and bad.”
With that, Ruby smiled tenderly at Crawford, then swung her attention back to George.
“You really are handling your cutlery much better, George. You must be feeling well. Your injections are working.”
“Yes, Ruby.”
“I’ll keep giving them to you while Enoch is away,” she said, amazed by how free George seemed. “Perhaps the medication is building in your system. You’re moving well. You may find there’s no need to up your dosage after all.”
“Yes,” replied George. Then, having forgotten exactly when, he asked what day Enoch was returning.
“He will be gone for at least tonight and tomorrow night. He will probably return late the next day.”
It was then that Crawford spoke a single word, his only one for the whole meal. He reached for Ruby’s arm and held it, his eyes piercing hers with a sudden intensity.
“Morag,” he said. His voice was low, husky, and strangely urgent. Ruby’s eyes quickly flicked to George, then back again.
“We can’t,” she uttered in hushed reply, her face now fully on Crawford and the look she gave designed to silence him. The moment was lost on George regardless. He was cutting his meal, his eyes on the plate, his mind far across the gardens, away in the dark, somewhere deep in the maze.
When the meal was done there seemed little left to talk about. Ruby began cleaning up and Crawford assisted at her request. George excused himself and headed for his room. He said he was alright to climb the stairs but Ruby stopped what she was doing and helped him anyway.
“Sleep well, dear,” she said kindly, and saw his face disappear behind the closing door.
George lay on his bed and waited for the house to grow silent. He was in his room for only a few minutes when the clock near the laboratory tolled the hour. It resonated low and deep through the walls. An hour later it tolled again, and by then, apart from the tolling, the house had gone quiet.
George opened his bedroom door and stepped out into the passage, listening carefully, looking for a light downstairs.
There was nothing. The mansion was silent and dark. Ruby and Crawford had both retired for the evening. Quietly, he re-entered his room and closed the door behind him.
With a light burning beside his bed, he gave himself one final injection before embarking on his quest.
He swung open the window. There was a strong bite in the still, night air. The sky was clear, save for those ghostly shards of mist that still hung in the distant forest. There was half a moon, halfway overhead. George felt at the height of his physical power, that wonderful first half-hour after having injected the drug. He looped the rope around the leg of the bed and threw the equal lengths out the window. They just made it to the edge of the wall, but that was all they needed to do. He pulled on a coat from the cupboard, placed the already opened bottle of Menzadine and a syringe in one pocket, then placed the ball of twine in the other. Slowly and carefully, he backed himself out the window, legs first, onto the short, sloped roof, the whole time holding tightly to both lengths of rope. The feeling, despite the rope, was an uneasy one, the height, the angle of the roof, and the fact that nothing held him there, bar that rope.
Suddenly, as he began to load up the rope, as it took a greater proportion of his weight, the bed moved. It slipped, and with a dull, grinding sound, it dragged across the bedroom floor - a foot, perhaps two, closer to the window. George’s heart leapt, pounding loudly in his chest, a chill of fear coursing through his body, as in a flash he saw himself smashing headlong onto the ground below. Thankfully, he held tightly to the rope, and after the frightful split second was over, he remained secure, still safely atop the roof, just a little closer to the edge. From his position, he could see the bedhead through the opening, and could also see that the chest of drawers between it and the window prevented any further slippage. 
His heart calmed. He hoped that nobody had heard the noise. He squeezed the rope as tightly as he could, lowered himself to his knees and backed up towards the edge. He felt it with his foot, felt the ivy there, too. He kept going until his lower half hung over the side, both hands gripping his lifeline, his feet feeling for footholds in the ivy. Soon enough, he found the first, a good solid foothold. He pushed down hard on it with his shoe and found it to be strong, the ivy stuck fast to the stone wall. He lowered himself a little more and found a second foothold a little lower down. He tested that. It, too, was strong. The bed having slipped had given George some extra length on the rope, and by the time he was committed to letting it go, he was fully over the side. By then the ivy was supporting his full weight, and he slowly worked his way down, like a human spider.
He was almost to the ground, maybe eight feet to go. He could touch the tops of the shrubs with his feet. It was then, from the corner of his eye, he saw a shadow, then a silhouette. There was a man coming towards him across the lawn. George froze in the ivy. He clung, instantly terrified, to the wall. He moved nothing, save for his eyes, as he trained them upon the trespasser. But it was no trespasser. George soon recognised the stranger as Bledlock, hobbling along in his peculiar way, a bag in one hand and fishing poles in the other. He then had a sudden vague recollection of Ruby telling him that Bledlock liked to fish in the forest.
Bledlock kept coming and George could do nothing but hang there. It seemed certain to George that the gardener had seen him, but, no - Bledlock passed him right by, within twenty feet of where he hung, suspended in the ivy.
For what seemed like an eternity, George hung without moving, his legs and hands aching in spite of his medication. When he was sure Bledlock was gone he lowered himself the rest of the way, until finally he stood on the ground amongst the shrubs, some thirty feet below his bedroom window. He felt in his pockets to make sure the twine and the Menzadine were still with him. They were. A final glance along the walls and across the lawns before George would step out into the pale moonlight. He would feel chilled and exposed, vulnerable at that point.
Anybody looking from any of the windows would see him as he made his way across the lawns. And where was Bledlock? Surely, he had headed back to his own quarters, for without his feeling suspicion, why would he lurk near the house or in amongst the shadows? No, he was surely gone. Who else might see him, then? Certainly not Enoch - he was away in Brookdale. Not Ruby or Crawford. Both their rooms had windows looking out to the rear of the Estate. No, George decided he was quite safe to cross the lawns, and so he did.
He passed behind the giant fountain that stood midway across the main lawn, stopping behind it for a moment, safely obscured from view. Again, he cast his eyes across the front of the house and over the lawns and surrounding gardens. From where he was, seventy yards from the building, he could see the entire front of the structure, cream where the moon hit the stone, then grey, even black in the corners, in the nooks and crannies and where the gathering ivy masked the walls. He understood now why Bledlock had not seen him. In his dark clothes he would have been very nearly invisible against the ivy. Yet, even from where George was now hiding, he could see his own open bedroom window, even the dangling ends of rope on the roof. How lucky he had been that Bledlock had not looked up.
From there, George headed for the main path, the one he had seen Enoch and the gardener traverse through the window of the laboratory. From the moment he stepped upon it he was deep in shadow. The light from the moon danced through the overhead leaves as he followed the meandering route. He felt safe in the darkness of the oaks that lined the way. The smaller shrubs of various types formed a mysterious and eclectic garden, both between and beyond the larger trees.
He cautiously followed the path and very soon, after perhaps only a minute, a gigantic form materialised through the branches and the leaves. The huge canopy of the first of the giant figs all but blotted out the moon. George stopped, completely consumed by what stood before him. The tree emerged from the snaking path, towering and spreading overhead, its ancient trunk so massive, so gnarled and twisted, gripped in its own root system, its huge vein-like tentacles running down its sides and for tens of yards along the ground around it.
He gasped at the sight, his heart struck for the moment by a morbid fear. Slowly, he forced himself under and then beyond the giant, a cold chill running along his spine. In the half-light the tree was so imposing, grotesque in both size and form, and with its branches reaching and grasping, seemed almost self-aware. Once beyond it, George dared not look back.
But almost immediately, he came upon the next. And it was larger still, even more daunting, its limbs more horrid, ghostlier and more grasping than the first. For a brief moment, he stood and gazed upon it in stark horror. He felt the fear of being in such a mysterious place, alone and at night, building within him. Yet he knew he could not allow his fear, could not allow the delay it might bring. So, with all his courage, George passed by the tree, though not without another deep and involuntary shudder. He then continued along the path for another few yards, and in that short distance noticed that the path narrowed dramatically, the wild grasses growing in at the sides, and the shrubs, too, closing in. He looked around at the heavy growth. There was an immediate sense of unkemptness about the place, wildness, as though this was a part of the garden left untouched for years. It seemed an entirely different place, and so odd how suddenly his surroundings had changed. This new impression only added to his uneasiness. He glanced back at the fig. It towered and grasped behind him, its dark limbs seemingly straining in an effort to reach him. He felt another deep chill course through his body. Beyond, he saw the black outline of the other fig, and the array of oaks and smaller bushes. Together they stood, like quiet sentinels, watching in their eerie way as George took passage in the night. He turned once more, and with a creeping sensation of eyes at his back, pushed further ahead.
The shrubs from here on had been allowed to grow huge and were intertwining with each other overhead. The ceiling they formed shut out the moon entirely, the greatly narrowed path now dark and unseen. The change was sudden and severe, coming on immediately after the last of the giant figs.
The ceiling of vegetation fell lower still, the growth encroaching further and becoming more and more dense. Soon, George could not stand upright. He sat on the path a moment and wondered - had he taken a wrong turn? He looked back the way he had come. He could have been no more than fifty yards past the last giant fig, yet he could not see any part of the tree through the small tunnel of vegetation, not anywhere in the moonlight that glowed dully at its end. He looked the other way, the way he was headed. There was nothing, just darkness. Again, he thought, have I taken a wrong turn?  No - he was convinced there was no other path. This was surely the right way; it was simply overgrown.
Then, just as George sat contemplating his situation, the night gave up the woman’s cry. It floated in suddenly on the dark and dampened air. There came first the sound of quiet sobbing, then a low heart-wrenching wail for help. She used all of her strength and yet still her call was not very strong, dying quickly in a series of short exhausted grunts. George could tell one thing, however, that she was not far away, tens of yards, not much more. He tried to stand but couldn’t. The canopy kept him down, so he pushed his way further along the ever-diminishing path on his hands and knees.
The darkness was absolute and he could see nothing. The track had become slimy where the sun never shone to dry it, and he slipped and clambered along as the increasingly rocky path rose and fell on the undulating ground.
Suddenly he bumped into something ahead of him, something soft and warm. He reached with his hand and felt objects that were downy - objects that at once erupted terrifyingly into life. The path ahead of George exploded in a cacophony of sound, with screeching and a flailing of wings. He buried his head under his hands, felt the beat of the flapping, horrified by the sudden and frightening sound. Finally, when they were gone, he looked out. His heart settled when he realised it had been nothing more than a colony of birds. They had made their home along that dark path and George had disturbed them. He took a moment to regain his nerve before pressing on, surprised, then relieved, to find a slight easing in the canopy that was entombing him from all sides.
Further along, George saw a patch of pale light. He made for it, knowing it was moonlight and that he might again be able to see, to re-establish his whereabouts. The shrubs around him that had grown so wild, so entangled, pulled steadily back and away from the path, to the point where he could now walk almost freely. Yet when he came to the patch of light, he was to find it feebler than he had hoped, for the mist was coming down, floating in ghostly swathes before him, growing thicker at every moment and blurring the moon.
Before another minute had passed the moon was gone completely, still somewhere in the sky but shapeless, its soft light dispersed evenly throughout the settling fog. George’s vision was down to a few feet. He groped along with his hands, brushing his fingers along the vegetation to his sides. His back was starting to ache, and his joints, that had clicked and groaned continually throughout the trip, were again beginning to pain. The added burden he had put on his body was testing the Menzadine, foreshortening its soothing effect. He would soon have to stop and inject himself again. But not yet, he thought. He wanted first to find the entrance to the maze, to attach his twine and be ready to enter that awful place. Only then would he stop and administer his drug.
The path had become narrow again. It rose and fell gently on the undulating land. George’s clothes, his hair, his face, were damp from the fine mist particles. A smell of conifers came to his nose, weak at first, then stronger as if intensified by the mist, an oddly familiar scent but not one he could immediately identify. He continued on, still groping the vegetation, feeling his way. The fog was dense, a dull impression of white before him. The smell of conifers grew.
Suddenly he ran up against a wall of bushes that had a velvety texture. The wall crossed the path ahead of him. He felt it with his hands. It was dense, overgrown, tufts sticking out of it in great clumps. He felt to the right, found the same thing there, tried to the left and found that the path continued. Carefully, he moved along, feeling the wall on one side, then again on the other. The path twisted again, first left, then right, then a dead end. He backed away, found his way back out, ran up against another dead end, blind in the fog - perfectly blind - groping, feeling his way. Something was wrong, something had changed. He was feeling enveloped, but not like earlier when he was down on his hands and knees. No - this was different. He felt trapped all of a sudden, felt a rising sense of panic within him, unsure of his directions, unsure of everything, where to go and which way to turn.
He stopped for a moment, caught his breath, saw his breath move eerily in the fog as he exhaled. Be calm, he told himself, be calm. He tried to think clearly about where he was, recall his most recent steps, but found he could not fathom the turns he had made. Perhaps I have run off the main track, he thought. Perhaps I should go back a little way, to where I was. He tried it but found more of the same, more turns, more twists, more dead ends, the now strong scent of conifers firing up his damp nose. Vast clumps of conifer brushed against George and bumped him, the way becoming almost too narrow in places to traverse, so overgrown were the surrounds. His body ached, his joints inflamed and throbbing. He had to stop.
He sat on the damp ground, slowly, painfully. Fumbling for a moment in his pocket, he drew out the Menzadine and the syringe. His vision was negligible and he could see only the bottle, and vaguely then, when he drew it up to his face. Carefully, he extracted the medicine - it was difficult to see how much – and, after ejecting the air and in so doing wasting some of the drug, found the place on his arm that was becoming so marked, then plunged the fluid into his system.
For a short time, he remained unmoving, waiting for the delicious effect, for the aching, the throbbing, the stabs of pain, to go. Soon enough the tingling sensation washed through him, the warm comfort George had come to love. The discomfort eased, as he knew it would. He leaned back against the conifer hedge, closed his eyes, the sweet conifer smell wafting through the damp fog and up into his nostrils.
Then, with horror, his eyes opened again as the dreadful words struck him. Conifer hedge. He had spoken the words in his mind - conifer hedge.
George leaned forward and felt, through the blind mist, the vegetation opposite - the same - conifer hedge. He stood erect, felt the hedges all around him, both behind and in front, ran his hand along one length, felt as the hedge suddenly receded, took a turn. He followed it for a distance, his heart beginning to pound, he being led this way and that, through gaps, into dead ends, through more gaps and then away, left, right, left. He could hear his heart pounding, the only sound it seemed, thumping loudly in his ears, thumping through the deathly fog that hung in the maze. The realisation hit him and he fell to his knees in a state of grief. It had snared him. Somehow, he had stumbled into it in the darkness and the fog. But how far back, he asked himself, did this happen? At what point did the path to the maze cease to exist and become the path within the maze? George’s face fell into his open palms, mist and tears mixing as one in his hands.
For a time, he knelt in shock, then fell back onto his rump, his back once more against the hedge. Over and over, he tried to recount the last little while, tried to see in his mind the point on the track where the entrance to the maze had been. All he recalled was mist, then fog, darkness and the invisibility of his surrounds. How far had he travelled within the maze before he had realised he was in it? And how far had he travelled since then?
He decided he would go no further, at least until morning. It made no sense to ramble crazily through such a haunted place in the fog, in the dark, not knowing where any of the passages, none of which he could see, might lead. He pulled his knees up into his chest as the fog dampened him through, the cold and the growing fear chilling his bones.
George felt sure he would not be able to sleep. He would simply have to wait out the dawn, to sit, curled, his back against the hedge, try not to freeze. 

Chapter nine   

Minute followed minute, hour followed hour, as George shivered in the damp cold. The shroud of white fog hung stagnant, unmoving before his eyes, getting greyer as the dull moon arced the sky and began to fall. The maze lay quiet now, so deathly still. He wondered where the woman might be. He had not heard a sound, not a whimper, for hours. Perhaps she was dead. Perhaps what he had heard all those hours ago was she in her death throes. Her death - what a terrible thought! George saw the picture in his mind. It was a new day and the sun was shining. The maze was suddenly not so daunting. He made his way along, but then, on rounding a turn, there she lay, motionless on her back, her lifeless eyes staring out, the ravens picking at her features. He pushed his face back into his hands and the long minutes, the long hours, continued to drag by.
George’s eyes were closed and he had slumped into a semi-laying position. Slowly his mind cleared and he realised he had actually fallen asleep. He opened his eyes and sat up, and although he believed his sleep had been brief, he saw not light so much as a lessening of the dark. Dawn was approaching and as a result he felt some slight relief. He continued to sit and saw the fog before him growing brighter as the daylight strengthened. If only it would lift, he thought. If only it would clear and float away. He told himself to be patient. In time it would clear - surely, in time.
He sat, staring into the fog, thinking, thinking about the woman - and still no sound from her. She was surely dead. Why, oh why had he taken so long to act?
And it was while these thoughts filled his mind that a new and different sound came upon him, one that he had not heard before. He jumped at the suddenness of its onset, and even though it seemed far off, it was the nature of the sound that startled him. It was not loud but was certainly awful, something he could never have imagined, pained, tortured. His body shuddered as the cry died away. He knew at once the sound had not come from the woman. It had come from somewhere far away. Somewhere, perhaps, in the forest, he thought.
No, not the forest. His instinct told him it had not come from the forest. In fact, George could not help but think - indeed, felt certain - that the sound had come from somewhere beneath the ground. He replayed the awful noise over in his mind, at the same time listening should he hear it again. It was the most terrible sound, not human, not animal, but something else, something ghastly and unnatural. Somewhere there was some strange creature, perhaps trapped, perhaps injured, but either way suffering a terrible agony.
What was that noise? What was this new secret held by the maze? He longed for the fog to clear. At least then he would be able to see what he faced. The swathes of fog lay so thickly, now so bright before him, the gleaming particles glowing in the growing morning light. Yet he still could not see, could hardly make out the hedge across from him, barely a few feet away.
There was still no point in moving, not yet. Exhausted, George shut his eyes, fell back into the hedge plants behind him, and despite the coldness that still chilled his body and the dampness that had now seeped through his clothes and into his skin, fell asleep once more.
An hour later when he opened his eyes, the opposing hedgerow stood starkly before him, the fog gone, the sky overhead a pale, cloudless blue, the hedge plants he looked upon unkempt, wildly tufted, towering ten, twelve, fourteen feet in height. The walkway itself was partly covered in patches of various grass types. The hedgerows, too, had encroached, growing toward each other, the path plainly much narrower than it once had been. Without moving his body, George looked one way and then the other. The walkway that held him extended only a dozen or so yards in either direction before being crossed by another wall of hedge. The path where he sat was perhaps five feet wide but as narrow as three in other places, adding further to the impression of height in the hedgerows and the terrible feeling of confinement.
George moved forward and attempted to get to his feet. His back cracked noisily and painfully, his knees and ankles, too. He fell back immediately, struck by the immense muscular discomfort of any such effort to move. Hours had passed since his last injection, the cold and damp aggravating further his condition. He reached into his coat pocket and drew out the Menzadine. His hand shook as he held the bottle and he realised then that his entire body was also shaking, mainly from the cold and damp, but also, he thought, because of the situation in which he found himself.
It was difficult, firstly to draw out the Menzadine, secondly to hold himself still long enough to inject it. He nearly broke the needle, his hand jerking forward at the very moment he pierced the skin. Had his fingers not involuntarily released the syringe, had it not fallen between his legs, the needle would surely have bent or broken. Finally, however, he plunged the precious fluid into his bloodstream, it taking effect quickly, tingling George to his extremities, warming from within his chilled and tested body.
Five minutes later he was noisily but painlessly on his feet, taking his first ginger steps in daylight. He walked to the nearest junction. The path turned right and ran away for a few yards, the plants on either side grotesquely overgrown, each side reaching for the other and in one place intertwining. Out of that one short walkway opened two more passageways to the right and one to the left. Further on, at the end of the passage, another wall of hedge crossed the way, demanding another change of direction.
George turned and looked behind him. It was much the same, just leading a different way. Where had he come in? If only he knew. For more than an hour he wandered in and out of passageways, nooks and dead ends, trying this way and that, deciding one way was wrong and doubling back, only to find himself somewhere completely new and different. Or was it? He couldn’t tell. All of it was new and different and yet it was all the same. Each part was the same as the part before, each passageway, each entrance, and each dead end. After an hour George had no sense of direction whatsoever. He had no idea where he was in relation to anything else, the mansion, the forest, even the sun in the sky, which he was yet to see through the tall, narrow gaps above him. At one point, a raven flew over. How George longed for its wings.
He stopped for a time, sat down, tried to clear his mind, get his bearings. The frustration he felt was enormous. He felt that quite likely the woman he had come to save was now dead, and now he, too, was lost in the maze, surely destined for the same fate. As he had done before, George lowered his face into his hands. How could he have been so foolish as to attempt such a thing as this? Enoch had warned him, as had Ruby. As he thought of them, he realised that by now he would have been discovered as missing.
Ruby would have gone to his room in order to bring him down for breakfast. When he had failed to answer her, she would have entered the room, seen the open window and the rope, the bed dragged across the floor by it, and realised that George was gone. His already cold body chilled further at the thought. He felt maddened by his own stupidity, felt in his pocket for the ball of twine, removed it and glared down upon it. Was this his great plan? He looked around at the terrible prison that held him and then back at the twine. The twine was no good to him now he decided, and dropped it to the ground.
The day wore on, George continuing to roam around and through the maddening twists and turns of the maze. At times the path could hardly be traversed, so overgrown and tangled were the hedgerows. His fear and frustration grew, hanging like a heavy cloud, weighing him down, an ever-thickening presence as the day wore on. Each twist and turn replicated the one before, every conifer the same as every other. He stumbled over the carcasses of numerous dead animals, deer mainly, their fallen bodies twisted in some final anguish, their flesh dried and pecked over by ravens, their faces still showing the terrible torment they had felt in their last moments. His most gripping fear was that he might stumble upon another body, this one human, the same scenario he had imagined in the night replaying again and again in his mind. He feared every turn.
Yet he could not stop his roaming through the maze. To stop was to die, to be as dead as the deer he was obliged to step over, as dead as was surely the woman he sought. She had to be dead, for not a sound had come from her in all these hours. She must be dead.
And so all that remained was for George to save himself, and he knew he would never be able to find his way from the maze if he stopped moving.
By early afternoon he had taken a further shot of Menzadine, his arm now rashed and raw in the area of the injections. He found the effect of the first injection had worn off rather more quickly than before and he put it down to the constant strain of his exertions.
Throughout the entire day George had seen the glowing circle of the sun but a few times, and only then when its position aligned lengthways to one of the longer passages. It was only then, when the rays shone directly upon him, that he felt any warmth. The remainder of the time he was entombed in shadow and gloom, seeing only splashes of sunlight high on the hedgerows. Several times he tried to climb the hedges, thinking he might see from the top the way to head, but his efforts were futile. The plants offered no footholds, no handholds that would allow such a climb. Twice he fell heavily on the ground.
At one point, late in the afternoon of that first day, as George forced his way through the twisting madness, he heard the caw of a raven and looked up. There, some twenty feet above him and staring down in a raven’s typically sneering way, was the source of the sound. With talons that could easily make off with a small rabbit or a rat, the bird gripped tightly the long dark branch of an overhanging tree.
George pushed himself back into the hedge plants and forced himself up onto his toes to gain a better look. From there he could see more of the tree, and the hint of another beyond it. He listened and could hear, in the light breeze, the rustle of leaves, both nearby and afar, and realised he must be at the extreme eastern end of the maze, right where it abutted the Cavendish Forest.
A surge of excitement went through him. Surely, if animals were getting in from the forest, the entrance must be somewhere near. If he could get out of the maze and into the forest, he would have his escape. From there he could certainly skirt around the outside of the maze and make his way back to the Hargreaves mansion. With renewed hope, George made his way along, the path he was on seeming to head further east towards the forest. At its end he turned left, the only option. The overhanging branch passed from view behind him. From there George found himself in a short, tight corridor, two openings to his left and one to his right. He chose the right. He could hear the leaves rustling to his right so surely that was the direction to head. He found himself in another passage, at its end two more choices. He made his selection and was immediately confronted with further options. He chose again, and so it went on. Finally, after another half-hour, the rustling leaves could no longer be heard and the raven cawed again, but from somewhere far off.
Again, he felt totally lost, trapped still, his opportunity cruelly snatched away. He tried uselessly to retrace his steps, return to that point where the forest had been so near, where the raven had perched on a plant beyond where the maze stood, gripping a branch just twenty feet away from him. George tried and tried, passed from one passage to the next, found more dead animals, one live one - a rabbit, that darted away on seeing him - but was never again able to find that passage, the one that tantalised him so, that dared to suggest the chance of freedom.
The day drew down and the sky became steadily darker. All day he had trudged, fought his way along the dreadful, narrow paths, rising and dipping on the land’s undulations, trapped, maddened by the awful and endless and unkempt hedgerows. It was nearly dark. Surely, he thought, I have walked the entire maze. I must have walked miles from where I entered. He took one final turn, deciding the next passageway would be where he would bed down for the night, for it was useless to search further in the dark. The passage opened out before him, and in the gathering gloom George saw a small object on the path. He approached it then fell to his knees in anguish and frustration. It was the ball of twine. All day he had trudged through the maze, only to return to the exact same spot. Tears welled in his eyes, tears of madness and tears of sadness. He collapsed to the floor, his face in the dirt as he wept, and fell asleep soon after, hugging the ball of twine.
George was utterly exhausted, mentally and physically. He had eaten nothing for twenty-four hours, drank nothing either. His sleep was that of a dead man, and he lay in the one position, unmoving for several hours. His mind was so depleted that there were no dreams, just the infinite abyss of death, temporary as it was.
The time dragged on, though George was unaware. It was not until the very early hours, sometime after midnight, that his eyes jerked quickly open. It was a sound that woke him, like a dragging sound, something moving slowly, clumsily, through the dark. The noise stopped in the moment he opened his eyes. He lay there motionless, his eyes wide, though nothing could be seen in the blackness of night. His ears were on the highest alert. For five full minutes, George listened, but nothing more came. The sharp chill that had filled his heart began to ease away and he concluded that he must have been dreaming.
He remained awake then for some time, the edge having been taken off his tiredness, his mind now revisiting his awful predicament. How on earth would he escape the maze? If he did escape, how would he be able to face Enoch and Ruby, who had both warned him away from it? He was a grown man yet he felt beneath them both, answerable to each of them, asking for their permission like a child.
Finally, George tried to stretch out, his body having been in the one position for too long. The immediate pain was severe and he sighed. His eyes squeezed shut. He tried again, to straighten first one leg and then the other. The joints cracked noisily and every leg muscle pained. He then tried to stretch his upper body, with similar symptoms. He lay on his back, staring up at the narrow patch of sky. A single, distant star twinkled faintly above him, and it was only then that he realised there was no fog. The previous night had seen the Estate blanketed, with each snaking avenue of the maze filled with a ghostly cotton. Thankfully, it had not returned - so finally, it seemed, a small blessing. Throughout the long day, George’s clothes had dried from the previous night’s dampness, and though this night was cold, the air had none of the soaking moisture of the night before.
His clothes were dry, but oh, how his body hurt. He was hungry and his muscles burned and cramped from the long day’s exertions. The dry knuckles of his joints throbbed incessantly. Had he not fallen immediately to sleep after having found the twine he would have given himself another injection. But now, despite there being no fog, the maze was unnaturally dark, and he dared not inject himself, not now in such terrible blackness.
Sleep came fitfully for George from that point on, his discomfort continually waking him. Each time he did awaken he saw that one star, twinkling in its lonely way, gazing down upon him. There seemed to be no moon that night, or if there was it had already arced and was gone, for the sky was so very black, save for that one star. He gazed at it in wonder, mesmerised by its twinkling. It seemed to be alive, to be sharing this lonely moment, the only animate thing other than he. He watched its twinkling each time he awoke, watched it as he waited for sleep and waited for the dawn. And although he waited for the dawn, the thought of dawn filled him with fear. For what would daylight bring? Escape from torment, from this awful prison? Most likely not - more likely another long day of dreadful frustration and of compounding fears. His mind grew tired.
The star twinkled away, in and out of focus, George’s eyelids flickering between open and closed, becoming heavier, the star less apparent, forgotten now, asleep.
Then, awake again with a jolt, ten seconds later. That noise - that awful noise. That cry of suffering, not human, not animal, the same noise he had heard before, a little louder this time, resonating horribly through the night. George felt it vibrate through the ground beneath him. His eyes sprang open, the star still twinkling, the cry dying away in the night, fading into a series of low agonised sobs and guttural moans.
The sound was gone but the chill that coursed through George’s body remained. It filled him entirely, finally running out through his arms and fingers, down his legs and through his toes. What an awful noise it was, so pained, it rang of unspeakable suffering. What was it? Where was it? George slept not a wink from that moment on.
Not another sound came, not till the first greys of dawn brought his awful prison into vague focus. It was then that the birds of varying breeds chirped merrily, nearby and in the distance. George listened to their songs and watched as his star slowly died, as it grew ever fainter against the morning sky. He watched until it was there no more, saw it grow smaller by the minute. At last it was a pinprick. He blinked his eyes and it was gone. For a short time thereafter, he watched where it had been.
The day grew lighter, and with agonising movements he pulled himself up into a seated position and felt in his pocket for his medicine. He drew it out. His hands were shaking wildly and he found he was unable to control the action. As well as shaking, they were cramping and had twisted themselves into unnatural shapes, the fingers knotted one over another, the knuckles aching at any attempt at movement. George found he could hold neither the bottle nor the syringe. He worked his hands one into the other, trying to loosen them up until finally, after several minutes, he again had some movement. At last there was enough control to open the bottle and draw out the Menzadine with the syringe. He found that not just his hands but his whole body was shaking at the effort, and it was with some considerable difficulty and frustration that he finally injected himself.
He lay back against the hedge. The sky grew brighter all the time as he waited for the Menzadine to work. He stared at the opposite hedge as he waited, followed it up with his eyes. It was so grossly overgrown, yet so perversely healthy, so strong and so wild. Finally, the drug began to take effect, yet it was slower this time, its effect less dramatic, the discomfort lessening but not leaving him completely. George waited for the tingling and the warmth, but it did not come. There was simply a lessening of the pain, but the pain was still there.
He raised one hand before his eyes. The knuckles were swollen and red, the fingers still oddly misshapen. He looked at them curiously, this new condition seeming to have developed overnight. He lowered his hand, felt the shaking ease throughout his body as the drug took a stronger hold, the effect being gradual, the medicine struggling now to do what it had previously done so well. Slowly, George’s fingers regained more natural movement. The swelling of his knuckles, however, remained evident, and despite the easing of his condition, his fingers felt less capable than they had the day before.
His stomach rumbled for food. His mouth was parched from dehydration. He did not realise how weak he had become until he got to his feet and stumbled sideways into the hedge. He regained his balance and stood stationary until the dizziness had passed. Slowly, he staggered away. The pain in his joints was still with him but it was bearable. He wondered, should he take another dose of Menzadine, or was it just that he needed food and drink?
He stopped a mere twenty feet from where he had slept, withdrew the bottle of Menzadine and looked in through the dark glass. He lightly shook the vessel to make the fluid move. It stirred halfway up the side. He craved a second injection but realised then that he needed to conserve what he had. No, he decided, he would wait until he needed it more than he did right now.
He continued on. He rounded the day’s first turn, a small opening to the right, then stopped immediately in his tracks. The first thing George saw was a hessian bag, bulging, with something obviously in it. Next to that was a bundle of clothes, a pair of feet protruding from one end, the shoes soiled and torn, and at the far end of that bundle, a shock of auburn hair. One arm was invisible beneath the body, while the other was bent at the elbow, the hand pushed under a face that could not be seen.
The woman.  

Part two  

Chapter ten

An excerpt from The Memoirs of Lillian Filby.

I awoke to find an old man kneeling beside me. I did not know whether he was friend or foe but something in the weary kindness of his eyes at once told me he was friend. I didn’t jump, or even get a start at his being there. After all, I had known somebody was coming, and it was a relief to see such a passive face.
I asked him who he was. My words were feeble because I was weak.
“George,” he answered.
I saw he had tears welling in his eyes and I did not understand why.
“Have you come for me?” I asked.
He said yes, that he had come for me. Then he told me that he was also lost. I struggled into a seated position and pushed my filthy, tangled hair away from my face.
I told him that I had heard him coming, two nights before. I had heard him stumbling along, and also heard a flock of startled birds, so I knew somebody was there. I’d been calling out for help but then, suddenly, I became scared. I went quiet because nobody called back to me.
When I told this to George, he screwed up his face. He pushed his face down into his hands.
“Should have answered you,” he said in a self-accusing way. He then told me that he didn’t always think properly, that he had had an accident.
“It doesn’t matter,” I said to him, and for some reason I felt sorry for him right away.
“Scared you,” he said, in a soft, breaking voice. Then he started to shake rather violently and I thought he was going to cry.
“It’s alright,” I told him. And it was. I was so grateful to see a kind face. I then said to him, “Please, tell me. What place is this?”
 “The maze,” he said. “No one allowed in here.” He had a strange, disjointed way of speaking.
I said to him, “What an awful place it is. I don’t know how I came to be in here.”
He didn’t respond. He had spotted the wild berries I had lying beside me. He seemed almost to fixate upon them.
“You’re hungry?” I asked.
He said that he was and I handed him some of the fruit.
I said to him, “I found them growing in here. I have found them in a few places, growing in amongst the hedge plants.”
I told him that I thought we could find more and that the berries were all I had eaten in the time I’d been trapped. I said that I’d drunk water from the puddles but that it hadn’t rained for many days and the puddles were drying up.
Then I ate some of the berries myself. Berries - that’s all there was. They at least provided a little nutrition, and also some fluids.
Between us we ate all the berries that were there, perhaps twenty in total. George seemed better in himself soon after, some colour coming to his otherwise deathly complexion. He looked so old and worn. I wondered why such an old man had come for me.
“Heard you from my window,” he told me.
I asked him if there was a house nearby.
“Yes,” he said, “Hargreaves.”
“And you live there?” I asked.
He told me that he did.
Before I could ask George any more questions, he indicated the hessian bag lying nearby. I had seen his eyes glance toward it and back a few times. I reached for the bag and held it against me. As I did, I felt my emotions rise, a terrible sadness and despair returning to me suddenly, and in spades.
“My dog,” I told him. “Our dog - mine and Joey’s.”
I felt the tears build inside me then pour from my eyes. I sobbed and the tears ran down my face. I felt very foolish.
I then said, “I’m sorry - but this is Bonny.”
I opened the bag, and while still holding Bonny next to my heart, showed George our little dog. He looked into the bag. He saw our poor lifeless pet, then looked back at me. All he said was “Why?”
I thought, yes, why? I looked into his eyes. Why was Bonny dead? Where do I start? I started from the beginning and told George the whole story - as I tell it here now.
Joey was my husband, a wonderful, sweet man. We had known each other since childhood and had always been friends. As children, we joked that one day we would be married, and finally, many years later, that day actually came. We lived together in a tiny, rented home in Scarsdale. We were very poor.
Joey was training as a carpenter. I had worked as a seamstress but the mill closed. At about this time I became pregnant with our first child, and when I gave birth, it was to a little boy, Matthew. He was beautiful, though often sickly. He had a breathing disorder. I tended to him while Joey was at work. It was difficult for us to make ends meet, but my mother and father lived nearby (Joey’s parents were already dead), and although my parents were not wealthy they were a great comfort to us and helped us as much as they were able.
Then one night the carpentry shop burned down and Joey was out of work. The owner could not afford to rebuild. In fact, he owed money on the business and it had not been insured. Mr Hennessy was his name. He had no idea what he would do - he was already an old man - but he very kindly recommended Joey for a position in Cavendish, in a similar role.
It broke my heart to leave Scarsdale, my parents, my friends, my whole life so far. But we had no choice, so we moved to Cavendish.
A man by the name of Browning employed Joey. Through him, Joey would be able to continue learning his trade. Mr Browning was a kind man and helped us to find modest accommodation in town at a reasonable rent. Joey worked hard and his hours were long. He was usually exhausted and had little interest in going out or in seeking friends. Sometimes, though, he would take Bonny, a little dog who somehow found us rather than us finding her, to run in the forest, but that was all.
I stayed home and tended to our child. Initially, I was so terribly lonely. I had no friends and felt isolated, alone in a foreign town. My only joy during the long days while Joey was at work was Matthew and, to some extent, Bonny. But really, it was Matthew who was my whole life. He had just turned one.
Eventually I became friendly with Mrs Joyce, next door. She was about my age and had two small children, both girls, one slightly older than Matthew and the other just a few months. My friendship with her brightened my existence somewhat and our children would play on the floor together. Despite this, I still missed Scarsdale terribly, missed the place I had loved and missed my parents, particularly my mother, to whom I had always been very close.
Then came my darkest day. Joey was at work and I had put Matthew to bed in the afternoon. He was still in the habit of having an afternoon sleep. His breathing was often laboured and the doctors did not seem to know why. It used to tire him out. When I went back to him, perhaps two hours later, he was dead.
His face was a ghastly colour. At that point I fell to the floor and was still there, a wreck, when Joey came home.
Three days later, Matthew was buried. My world had collapsed. Joey, too, was upset, terribly, but he seemed to rally after a time. Not me, though. I felt myself spiralling into an abyss of guilt and despair.
So, one day a few weeks later, I packed up my bags and headed for home. I could take Cavendish no longer. There was too much pain in that lonely little house. I needed my mother. But, to my great shame, I left without telling Joey, just left him a long note explaining everything. Oh, my poor, dear Joey. I have often pictured him arriving home that night, hungry and tired, and seen his drawn face as he read my pathetic note of abandonment.
When I got back to Scarsdale, I moved in with my mother and father. I felt secure again in their loving embrace, in the home in which I had grown up. That is not to say I had forgotten Joey, or the promise I made to him in that church. I felt terribly guilty for what I had done in deserting him. The weeks went by and my guilt deepened. I knew I had acted irrationally, out of sorrow, despair, and was driven perhaps by my own instinct for survival. The loss of Matthew had shattered me and I just could not stay in Cavendish. Finally, three months later and after a long talk with my mother, I took the train back to Cavendish. By then my heart was breaking for Joey, for what I had done to him. The truth was that I did not know exactly what I had done to him. I had written on several occasions but had never gotten a reply. My conclusion was that he was furious, or worse, so saddened that he could not respond. I had by now had three months to adjust to the loss of Matthew and was ready to make amends with my husband - if he would have me.
I arrived at our home on a Sunday. The streets were so quiet, and, to my dismay, the house struck me as deserted. I peered in through the windows. They were filthy and difficult to see through. I knocked but there was no answer, no sound either from Bonny. I felt an awful ball in the pit of my stomach. I left my case on the stoop and headed next door to ask Mrs Joyce, but there was nobody home.
I wondered whether Joey had taken Bonny to the forest as sometimes he had. I knew how she loved to run in the woods and splash in the stream. Yet there was something in my heart that told me I would not find them there, for I had sensed a terrible desolation about the house. It had appeared unlived in. Regardless, I headed for Cavendish Forest in the faint hope of finding Joey. For hours, I tramped through the woods, calling his name, praying to hear him call back, perhaps to have little Bonny run to me.
But there was nothing. I kept on till dusk, at which point I thought it best to head back. There was an inn nearby where I felt sure I could stay the night. But, as I headed back out and the sky grew darker, I found myself becoming disoriented, confused. I staggered about, trying to find my way, yet nothing looked familiar. It was as though somebody had switched everything around. Soon it was night and the forest was silent and black as pitch. I stumbled on.
I felt scared, desperately seeking the lights of the inn. For an hour, maybe two, I kept on. There was nothing, however, just a growing, suffocating darkness. The forest seemed to shut in around me and at once I felt so very enclosed. I felt trapped. The darkness became absolute, and after further tramping, I became conscious of the most hideous, towering walls of vegetation all around me. I stumbled on aimlessly, lost, horrified, entombed in what seemed a most unimaginable place.
It was not until morning that I realised I had passed from the forest into something else, something man-made. It was the strangest mix of feelings that came over me as I moved from passage to passage between the tall hedgerows. Clearly, the hedgerows had been deliberately planted but they had become so shockingly overgrown and uncared for. I was gripped by fear on the one hand, fear for myself, but also, of course, for Joey, and amazement on the other, at the structure in which I had found myself.
Yet, for all that, I believed it would be a simple enough task to escape the place that held me, to return the few steps to the forest and then perhaps continue my search for Joey, to perhaps ask at the inn as to whether they knew of him, or of his whereabouts.
So naive was I. Even now I am unsure of how many days and nights I spent trapped in the maze. The daylight came and the sun would appear fleetingly - then dusk, then dark, time and time again. I stumbled through the narrow passages, eating the berries to sustain me, drinking from puddles and sheltering in the hedgerows when it rained. How long? I suppose much more than a week. Perhaps even two. I lost track so quickly. I was truly going mad in such a terrible and damning place. The numbers of animal I came across, dead from hunger, dead from madness, filled me with unspeakable horror. When I began finding their bodies, when days later I would rediscover the same carcass and know that I had doubled over my tracks, it was then that I felt sure that in time I, too, would be dead in that place.
I called out for help. I pleaded. I prayed. I cried. I knew not where the nearest people were. I just hoped that somebody would come. And yet I knew that I was not alone in that awful place, for somewhere there was another, some terrified, tortured soul who made the most primitive and pained sounds I had ever heard. His cries, though, were rare, sometimes days between them, but when they came, they chilled me to the core. At first, I wondered whether it might be Joey, but quickly decided it wasn’t. No matter how wounded, how frightened, Joey could never make that sound. I felt terrible pity for whatever the creature was (to my horror the cries at times seemed quite unhuman – yet at other times I felt sure I discerned spoken words) but at the same time feared discovery of, or by, any creature capable of such sounds. I prayed to be found before fate would have me happen upon this other being.
Then, one day after having lain on the path, tired and unable to go on, I was awoken from my short sleep by the sound of approaching voices.
I sat up with a start. It was two men, speaking as they walked along, men who seemed to be immediately on the other side of the hedgerow. I felt a thrill of excitement and was about to call out, but then something in the nature of their conversation made me wait.
I listened as their voices came nearer, faded back, came nearer again until it seemed they were almost upon me, then faded away again. They were moving from row to row, making their way through the maze, apparently unperturbed by the complexity of the place. Their conversation terrified me at once.
They were talking of killing a man, a man they were holding captive somewhere - I knew not where - killing him before he got away again, saying that the man, if he escaped, could ruin everything they had worked for. I then buried myself deep into a space in the hedgerows, for I saw their shadows fall in the gap of the nearest corner.
Frozen with fear, I watched as they passed within a few feet of me. Had either of them glanced sideways I would surely have been seen, deeply pressed though I was in the wildly tufted overgrowth.
I watched, unmoving as they turned through a gap and vanished, one man tall, well spoken and well dressed, the other shorter, a little stooped, hobbling along in a mismatch of grubby gardening clothes, talking in a voice that carried a strange foreign inflection.
My terror peaked in the moments after having seen and heard these two men. I shook violently and restrained the feelings of horror and fear that would otherwise have burst from my mouth. I was petrified, thinking they might return at any moment, knowing from the words they spoke that they were dangerous and up to no good. Their voices faded quickly, lost in the hedgerows. I listened and listened. An hour, maybe longer. At last I accepted that they were far away, and only then did I come out of my hiding position. I knew, however, that I must stay alert, be ready, should I hear them returning.
I feared the worst for Joey. Indeed, I feared that he might be the one being held captive, the man they were talking of killing. I felt so utterly impotent, for what could I do if it was Joey? The two men had seemed to know their way through the maze, yet I was so hopelessly lost.
Perhaps, though, I thought, it was not Joey they spoke of. After all, why should it be? I had no way of knowing for certain that Joey and Bonny had come to the forest. They may have been somewhere else altogether. Perhaps the man being held captive was the one whose pathetic screams I had heard. Yes, I thought, that must be it. Yet the image of that, too, which my mind had now conjured, was in itself a dreadful one. My nerve ends lay raw on my skin.
It was the following morning, however, when my fears for Joey were renewed. I stumbled along yet another hedge-lined passage, not knowing whether I had been down it before, or whether I had not. They all looked so terribly the same. There ahead of me on the path lay the dead body of a small dog, a dog I knew instantly to be Bonny. I rushed as quickly as I could, howling with tears before I reached her, then fell to my knees alongside. I cupped my face in my hands and sobbed bitterly. Our poor, dear Bonny.
I could not tell how long she had been dead. Her body was quite cold and had stiffened, but thankfully had been left unmolested by the birds. I lifted her beautiful head and gazed into her sunken, lifeless eyes, then carried her body with me from that point, not knowing what I should do with her, just knowing that I could not leave her behind. It was by pure chance that later that same day I found a filthy hessian bag lying under one of the hedgerows. It had lain there for some time and was half buried in the dirt. I managed to extract it and shook it clean. I placed Bonny inside.
Of one thing I was now sure. Joey had certainly come to the forest. Bonny was proof of that, but where was Joey? My heart sank to a new low. I felt sure that, like Bonny, I, too, would soon be dead, and had no idea what had become of my husband.
At that point I even feared that I might stumble upon Joey’s body. After another day I again began calling out for help. Since seeing the two men, I had been silent, fear stifling my voice, but now I didn’t care. I was doomed to die, regardless. Let them kill me, I thought, for what do I care? At least if I call out, I might be saved, or I might be killed. Either way my torture would end. But if I stayed silent, I had no chance to live at all.
George had listened quietly as I told my story.
“So, you see, George,” I said, “that’s why you thought I was dead. I had been calling out, being brave, prepared to face my own doom if that’s what it meant. But then, when I heard you coming, when I thought it was probably the others, my fear returned. My bravery shrivelled to nothing and I went quiet again.”
George was silent. He had listened to everything yet said nothing, just stared out, those kind, soft eyes staring from his lined and wrinkled face, a face that had grown pale again and drawn.
“What is it?” I asked.
“The men,” he said quietly, “I know them.”
I asked who they were. He told me the tall one was his brother, the other his brother’s gardener. I didn’t say as much, but I found it hard to believe that the taller one was George’s brother, for although my glimpse was brief, the man was robust and appeared decades younger.
“Are you sure?” I asked.
“Yes,” he said.
He told me his brother’s name was Enoch Hargreaves. The gardener he knew only as Bledlock. His brother owned a huge estate of which the maze was a part. I asked him to describe the place, to tell me what he knew. He seemed to know very little. He mentioned his accident again, how it had injured his brain as well as his body, which I then realised must have been the cause of his strange way of speaking and of his very limited memory. Despite this, he described a massive house, one with secret, forbidden areas. He said his brother was a doctor, and a scientist, too.
He mentioned the house staff, Ruby and Crawford. He told me how Ruby had helped him to learn again. She had taught him to read. He also told me of the terrible state of his own body, which I could see for myself. Each time he moved I would hear his joints click and crack in the most sickening way. He said that he took injections (needles, he called them) for the pain. He then told me again how he had heard me calling out, how he had heard me from his bedroom window, that he had told Enoch and Ruby, and how they had both warned him away from venturing near the maze.
He told me, too, that he had heard the cries of the other person, whoever or whatever he was, he who was also trapped it would seem, or perhaps held captive. And yet he told me those cries had only come upon him when he was in the maze. He said the sound had seemed to come from some place underground. I chilled at his words but told him that I thought so, too.
After that, we were both quiet for a time. I found myself pondering what had been said. George, too, seemed lost in thought. He sat quietly, until suddenly, without any warning, he became most agitated. He began to shake, and for no reason that appeared obvious, started to wail. He looked into the hessian bag once more, at Bonny, then looked back at me.
“No,” he said, and pulled back away, pushing himself into the hedge before looking at me again. “No.”
Some sudden realisation had come upon him. He appeared horror-struck.
“What is it?” I asked, startled by his sudden behaviour.
“No,” he kept saying, over and over.
“What, George?” I repeated.
At last, he said, “What is your name?”
I told him my name, “Mrs Filby. Lillian Filby.”
His agitation redoubled at hearing my words.
It was some minutes before I was able to calm him enough that he could tell me what was troubling him. The story he then told, in his fumbling, disjointed way, constituted the unrolling of my worst nightmare. He told me of two murders that had happened in Cavendish Forest. I chilled at that alone. But it was the next part that left me reeling. He said that a fisherman had come upon the grisly scene and saw a man stealing from the pockets of the dead, that the man had run off when the fisherman approached.
The police were notified of the killings, were called in, and the man was dragged away, screaming that he had done nothing. He was screaming also for his dog as she ran away in fright. George then told me the police had come some time later to the Hargreaves Estate, that he had overheard them say that the man they had arrested was dead, that he had hanged himself in his cell. He then said that he remembered the name of the man - Joseph Filby, my husband.

Chapter eleven  

An excerpt from the testimony of Miss Ruby Stapleton, as presented at trial.

Much of the pressure we felt was borne on my shoulders. Unfortunately, Crawford had been ill for a long time and was having difficulty coping. For many years he had suffered a progressive softening of the brain, and as his sister, I naturally cared for him. The pressure on both of us had been great and I did whatever I could to protect Crawford from that. He worried deeply for our sister, as did I, both of us despising he who held her. We were forbidden from seeing Morag at all but were occasionally given proof that she was still alive. A note would be brought to us in Morag’s handwriting, showing the day and date. Such was the power that terrible man had over us. And he was well aware the power he commanded for he knew we would never betray our younger sister. By the same token, we could not allow him to continue his reign of terror.
In George - as we knew him - we saw goodness. His face and eyes spoke to us of our happy past - but those days now were gone, and gone forever. He was a naive child in the broken-down body of a man. Of course, it was nothing he could help. Within him, there was just enough information to get him by. And there was so much besides that was unknown to him.
His face was that of the man we had loved so long, his eyes, too - although often they carried the blank stare of ignorance. It was by no means impossible for us to be George’s friends, but despite the similarity, it was pointless in our pretending he was somebody he was not. In addition, he was ageing so quickly, and with his appearance changing almost daily, it was evident that things were not well. It was heartbreaking in the week before his disappearance to see his body continue to decline while his mind grew ever stronger and more alert. Yet we saw him grow old before our very eyes. His face, his hands, his skin - they all became progressively more haggard in their appearance. His joints were riddled with arthritis, and without a regular injection, he would have been crippled. The laughter lines that had forever marked his happy bloodline were now gone in a sea of wrinkles.
Mirrors had been removed throughout the mansion in order that George would never see himself, never see how haggard he was becoming. He would never see that beautiful face destroyed by his rapid ageing. It was difficult for us to fathom that his face was also essentially that of the man we so despised, yet that man’s face was without laughter or mirth, and his soul was black as tar.
With respect to George, I realised we had to tread carefully. I cared for him because of who he represented to us, and for his own sweet nature, but he would always naturally wish to align himself with the man he saw as his brother. The situation with George frustrated Crawford enormously. He felt there was nothing he could say to George and therefore rarely addressed him. Crawford, with his illness, had difficulty in seeing George for who he was and was regularly confused by him. He felt uneasy in his presence and was happier when George would leave our company.
I knew George had to be cared for and the responsibility for that rested with me. It became an unwritten part of the deal that helped keep the Stapletons safe. On the morning of George’s disappearance, my heart stopped in my chest. I had gone to his room to bring him down for breakfast. I knocked twice on his door, but when there was no answer, I let myself in. I was horrified to see the room empty and the window ajar. The bed had been dragged towards the wall, under the window, a rope around its leg and dangling outside. I could not believe what I was seeing. George was gone. I called to Crawford, he coming as quickly as he could, entering the room as I stood by the window, staring out across the lawns.
Then it came to me. I remembered George insisting that somebody was lost in the maze. He had been quite agitated by the idea, even distraught. My heart was still not beating. As I stared from George’s window and far across the gardens to that dreadful place, I said, “My God, Crawford, I know where he has gone.”
Crawford and I had to find George for his own sake, and for ours. We cared for him; he was innocent like a child, but we also had to save our sister and ourselves. To do that, we had to get George back again, and detain him safely in the house.

Chapter twelve

Brookdale and District Courthouse – January 16, 1909.
An excerpt from evidence given by Mr Horace Blackshaw.

Question: Mr Blackshaw, is it true that until recently you were a Senior Constable with the Cavendish Police?
Answer: Yes sir, that is true.

Question: And, as you no longer hold that position, would you please tell the court why you resigned your post?
Answer: Yes, it was because of the mishandling by the Police Department of the Cavendish Forest murders.

Question: Mr Blackshaw, we would like you to explain this to the court. On the morning of May 16, 1908, you were, as Senior Constable, called to attend a grisly find deep in the woods of Cavendish Forest, were you not?
Answer: I was.

Question: And what was it you found?
Answer: What Constable Peters and I discovered, were the mutilated bodies of two adult males, later identified as Wolfgang Stein, an immigrant, and Lawrence McDowell, a local man. Both men were unemployed, living off handouts.

Question: Would you, for the court, describe the injuries you saw? We bear in mind that you are not a trained physician.
Answer: Yes, the injuries to both men were horrific. Stein’s throat appeared to have been torn out. Also, there were terrible open wounds to his upper torso and his right shoulder appeared dislocated. As for McDowell, his face was unrecognisable as human and his skull had been partially crushed. One leg was broken in two places. Both bodies had been cannibalised.

Question: Cannibalised, you say? What exactly do you mean by this?
Answer: There were human bite marks on both victims, many of which were alarmingly deep. Flesh had been torn away. It did appear the attacks had been most frenzied.

Question: Mr Blackshaw, am I correct in my understanding that a suspect was detained soon after in relation to these crimes?
Answer: Yes, sir. A Mr Joseph Filby was detained, although at the time we were not privy to his actual identity.

Question: And why was that?
Answer: The gentleman was in a most disturbed state. He was carrying no form of identification and was quite uncommunicative. After some time, we learned that his first name was Joe.

Question: And why was Mr Filby a suspect?
Answer: A local fisherman testified that he had stumbled upon Mr Filby and found him stealing from the bodies of the victims. The fisherman said that when he approached Mr Filby, he ran off.

Question: And, as far as you could tell, had anything been stolen from the victims?
Answer: It was difficult to say. Some small items were found in the pockets of both men, so it would seem unlikely.

Question: When Mr Filby was taken into custody, did he have anything on his person that had belonged to either victim?
Answer: Not so far as we could tell, sir.

Question: And were you of the opinion that Mr Filby would have been capable of inflicting such terrible injuries as you have just described?
Answer: I think it highly unlikely. Mr Filby was a man of much slighter build than either of the victims.

Question: And am I right in saying that Mr Filby died whilst in custody?
Answer: Yes, sadly he did. He had refused food and water, was most despondent, cried often, and called out for his dog. He was found one morning. He had hanged himself.

Question: And according to investigations, what have we learned of Mr Filby’s life prior to these unfortunate incidents?
Answer: Mr Filby had worked as a carpenter’s assistant. He had lived with his wife in a small, rented dwelling in Cavendish. His wife evidently left him, and from that point on, he spiralled downward. His employer has said Mr Filby became quite unreliable and the standard of his work had slipped markedly. Eventually, he stopped coming to work altogether. His employer went to his house, only to find it vacated. Further investigation showed that Mr Filby’s rent was well in arrears and that he had been evicted. We know now that he went, with his dog, to live in Cavendish Forest. In fact, his dwelling was found. It was nothing more than a lean-to, but to some degree it would have provided shelter. It seemed that he and his dog had simply lived off the land for some little time. Sadly, outside of his employer, Mr Filby had not been missed.

Question: You were of the belief that Mr Filby was very simply in the wrong place at the wrong time and had nothing whatever to do with the murders. Is that not so?
Answer: That is what I believe, sir.

Question: And did you believe this at the time?
Answer: Yes. Indeed, that was the reason I eventually resigned.

Question: Why was Mr Filby not released? After all, you yourself believed him innocent.
Answer: I protested that very point to my superiors but there was tremendous public outcry over the murders. A conviction was being pushed for, from above. There was great reluctance to release the suspect. Unfortunately, Mr Filby’s state of mind and his inability, or unwillingness, to co-operate, also worked against him.

Question: And, Mr Blackshaw, for the benefit of the court, would you please tell us the name of the fisherman who testified against Mr Filby?
Answer: Yes, sir. His name was Gustav Bledlock.

Chapter thirteen  

Brookdale and District Courthouse – January 16, 1909.
An excerpt from evidence given by Mrs Lillian Alice Filby.

Question: Mrs Filby, in your own words, would you please describe events in the Hargreaves Estate maze after you were united with George?
Answer: Well, I had been asleep. Sleep in the maze was not a chosen thing. The idea of it was terrifying, but then so was consciousness. Sleep would force itself upon me only as the result of exhaustion. I had heard noises - movement, and startled birds - two nights before. I knew somebody was coming. And although I had been calling out for help, having previously decided that any human contact, be it friend or foe, was better than the painful, drawn-out death that surely awaited me, I became quite terrified. I had no idea what to expect should this person materialise. I prayed for the visitor to be kind but lacked the courage to call out again. Fortunately, George was indeed kind. I could see his kindness immediately in the moments when I awoke. And I found that his sudden presence did not overly startle me.
We ate some berries. George looked terrible, so old, so exhausted, such a ghastly colour in his wrinkled face. The berries rejuvenated him to some extent. He saw the bag that held Bonny, our poor dead dog, and moments later he heard the details of my story tumbling from my mouth, of Matthew and Joey, of our time together and the circumstances that destroyed us. It broke my heart to tell again what had happened, but it poured out of me like something I just had to say. My guilt was awful. It still is.
For all that, though, it was helpful to unload my story on such a willing pair of ears, so wonderful to find somebody, anybody, after so long in that dreadful maze. I was truly going mad in that place.
But the most crippling shock came in the tale George told, reluctantly but necessarily, of Joey’s fate at the hands of the law. I cannot describe the blow that struck my already damaged heart when I realised the story he was telling must be true, that my poor Joey was dead.

Question: Prior to the arrival of George, did you see anybody else in the maze, or hear any noises that might suggest someone was coming?
Answer: Both. I constantly heard noises, from birds squawking to the sounds of feet and hooves. It was terrifying. I never knew what it was that might suddenly appear before me, or what form it might take. Mostly, though, it was animals, poor lost creatures like Bonny. And I found many dead animals in there, in my insane wanderings. On occasion I also heard the pained and anguished cries of a man. At times these sounds were horrifying and guttural, almost animal in nature. All the while, though, they were distant and muffled. It was difficult to be sure from where the sounds had come. There was a strange resonance to them. The most frightening episode of all, however, came one day when I heard the voices of two other men. They were coming nearer. In the end, I hid in amongst the shrubbery.

Question: Did you not see this as an opportunity to be saved?
Answer: I nearly called out to them, but for some reason I hesitated. I suppose I wanted to hear what they were saying. They passed continually in and around me, the maze twisting their path this way and that. Their voices would draw closer, then fade, time and time again. It was obvious they were not lost. Clearly, they knew their way. Their conversation was never to do with what turn to take next, or in any way bemoaning that they were trapped. No, their conversation was centred on a man they held captive somewhere. They discussed the need of doing away with him, before he got away again and caused trouble. I felt sure that the ghastly cries I had heard had come from their prisoner, wherever he was, and for a fleeting moment an earlier fear I had had, that the cries were Joey’s, I again dismissed. The sounds made by the poor creature were no sounds Joey could have made.
The conversation between the two men was awful to hear and terrified me further. I was not sure where to go or where to hide. At any moment they might appear and see me standing before them in the hedgerows.
Finally, I saw their approaching shadows and ducked into the heavily overgrown hedge behind me. How they passed by without seeing me, I will never know. A sideways glance would have revealed some part of me at least. They disappeared and were gone.

Question: And what did you notice of the two men?
Answer: My look at them was only brief. One was taller, well dressed, well spoken. The other was stunted and stocky. He spoke gruffly, with a peculiar European accent. He wore gardening clothes.

Question: Did you have any idea who the two men were, Mrs Filby?
Answer: Not at the time, no. It was not until I met George and he told me who he believed they had been.

Question: Did you ever see them again?
Answer: No. I feared when I heard George approaching in the night that it was them returning. And it was that fear that drove me to silence.

Question: Mrs Filby, would you please tell us a little more of your time with George?
Answer: Yes, of course. There was something wrong with George - I could tell. He looked unwell. His joints and muscles pained him terribly. His face grew more drawn and tired, more aged, each day. Yet, despite these things, he was quite determined we would escape our prison. We continued to explore the maze for a possible way out. It was a comfort to each of us to have the other. It was such a damned place, and without one another we would each have been driven spare.
Every few hours, George would stop and inject his arm with a drug of some sort. He said his brother had produced it, that it helped in easing his pain. I soon noticed that the intervals between injections grew steadily shorter. He was becoming noticeably stooped, and for the most part got along like a very old man indeed, until the injection temporarily rejuvenated him.
The only sustenance in the maze was the wild berries, and we ate them whenever and wherever we could find them. There was still an occasional muddy puddle that had not completely dried up. From these we were able to at least derive a little water.
One night, when the moon was high and the sky was clear, we decided to keep walking, just for a while, until we grew too tired. It was certainly the brightest night I could remember, the hedgerows and pathways better lit than I had yet seen them. We wandered on, not knowing, of course, if we had already walked these parts, or where in the maze we exactly were. We stumbled into one of the many blind alleys and were about to turn back out when I noticed something strange in the hedgerow. It was a kind of concealed entrance, a trick to the eye it would seem, but was now strangely revealed, thanks to the particular angle or nature of the moonlight. I grabbed hold of George’s sleeve.
“Look at this,” I said, and together we slipped through.
From there, we traversed a narrow passage, took one more turn, then came out into a small, open courtyard. In the middle of the courtyard, standing alone and glowing eerily beneath the moon, stood a tiny, solitary hut.
I turned to look at George. He stood staring, rooted to the spot, the strangest expression having come over his features.
“What is it, George? What’s the matter?” I asked.
“I remember this,” he said quietly. “Dreamt about this.”
Then he looked all around us and said that he had dreamt about it all, the hut, the maze, all of it.
“You’ve been here before,” I told him. “You must have been here to remember it, to dream of it.”
George had already told me about his accident, how a horse-drawn buggy had crushed him under its wheels, leaving his body damaged and, as he said, his brain, too. He told me his memory was returning to him in flashes. There were certain things that would suddenly be most familiar, others that would appear fleetingly, mainly in his dreams.
Cautiously, the pair of us approached the small hut, George peering in through the glass.
“Yes,” he said, “I remember this.”
I also peeked in. There was a small quantity of furniture, chairs, a desk, two cupboards, and, on the far wall, a rear door. There was also a front door, alongside of us, next to the window.

Question: Do I understand that you and George entered that small building?
Answer: Yes. The front door was locked so we went around the back. When we got there, there was no back door through which we could gain entry. Where the door should have been there was an enclosed extension. It looked like a walled-up hallway and sloped sharply downward, disappearing into the earth a short way behind the hut. Returning to the front again, we found that the window was not snibbed. I forced it open and climbed through. I then helped George inside.

Question: And why, Mrs Filby, did you find it necessary to enter the building?
Answer: Well, if nothing else, the building would provide us with decent shelter for the night. After so long exposed to the elements, the thought of a roof over my head was something I craved. As much as that, though, I thought we were making some progress, that the hut perhaps symbolised the possibility of civilisation, that perhaps in it we might gain a clue as to how to escape the maze.

Question: Were you not afraid that your visitors might return, perhaps do you harm?
Answer: Of course. I, for one, was terrified of that, but was at least comforted that George was with me. It seemed unlikely that the others would come at night. George, too, seemed confident of that.

Question: It would seem strange, Mrs Filby, that the men you were fearing were, as you understood, George’s own brother and his gardener. What concerns did George express, or did he comfort you by saying that his brother would never harm either one of you?
Answer: He gave no such assurance. In fact, he shared my concerns, even I think, my fear. He said that he had come to doubt his brother, that he, too, had heard a frightening conversation, quite similar to the one I heard, one particular day between his brother and the gardener. From what George had told me, and from what I had experienced myself, I deduced a dark alliance between the two, that between them they held secrets, and more likely than not, were up to no good.

Question: So, the hut gave you shelter for the night. What happened in the morning?
Answer: Despite being exhausted, neither of us slept well. I, for one, remained on edge, waiting I suppose, for someone to come. This was despite George’s feeling that we were safe for now, and my own logic wanting to second that. The morning came slowly, came leaking dully through the small window. George groaned in pain, his every movement causing him to wince. The sound of his cracking joints was quite sickening. He sat coiled against the wall, looking a hundred years old until he injected himself. Within a few minutes he appeared somewhat improved. The poor man - I felt so sorry for him.
My initial reflex was to leave the hut quickly, for fear that somebody would come. I resisted that urge. I first wanted to see if the hut could shed any secrets. In one corner there stood a desk. There was something, a large sheet of paper, lying atop it, curled into itself and back against the wall. The paper was old and yellowed, badly discoloured and frayed at the edges.
I rolled it out, then called George to come and see. It was difficult for us to believe, but we were looking at a map of the maze itself. My heart lifted at once, George’s, too, I’m sure. Together, we studied the map. It was drawn to such a tiny scale that only then did I realise the enormity of the puzzle that held us. The complexity was staggering. Trickery was everywhere. My eyes became lost just trying to follow it, even on paper. Even with the help of the map, neither of us could tell at which points we had entered the maze. Even George, who had seen the maze from his high vantage point at the top of the mansion, admitted that what he had seen had been only a very small part, for it meandered and weaved in many directions and over many acres of undulating land. Perplexed as we were by the map, we at least felt we now had a chance of escape.
Yet the more I looked at it, the more I wondered how useful it would be in an attempt to navigate a way back out. In reality, in amongst those horrid hedges, would we really be able to track our progress on the map? I wasn’t so sure, but I did suppose that having the map was better than attempting the same feat blind. I released the map and it rolled back into itself, as if sprung. We decided then to search the cupboards and drawers before taking the map and leaving. Having been fortunate in finding the map, we hoped we might also be lucky enough to find some food. We were constantly hungry, the small number of berries going only so far to satisfy us.
However, there was no food in the cupboards, indeed nothing of any particular importance. There was just a couple of small hand tools, a few dusty scientific journals but little else.
It was interesting when George opened the second of the two cupboards, for he saw a mirror that was mounted on the inside of the door and was at once taken aback by it. I watched him then as he moved his face closer to the glass, slowly running his hand across his ancient skin. Then, from his lips, I heard the tiniest bleat of sorrow.
“George?” I asked, concerned.
His tiny weep came again and he sunk to the floor.
“So old, so old,” he said.
I helped him onto a chair. He looked thunderstruck. I asked him if he was feeling all right.
“So old,” he said again. “Much more than Enoch.”
Enoch, I had seen only fleetingly, when he had passed through the maze with the gardener, the man I now knew as Bledlock, but clearly, he was the younger of the two brothers. In fact, it was difficult for me to believe that George and Enoch were brothers at all, so great appeared the difference in their ages.
“He is much younger than you, George,” I said. “You are obviously the older brother.”
George had been gazing into the wooden floor of the hut but looked up at me at that point.
“No, Lillian,” he said. “We are twins.”

Question: George’s reaction to his own reflection surely came as a surprise to you. Why do you suppose he acted in the way he did?
Answer: Because he had never before seen his reflection. I was staggered when he said that he and his brother were twins for how could that possibly be? Although my glimpse of his brother was only brief, it seemed far more likely that George was the other man’s father. George then began telling me of his life in the Hargreaves mansion. It was surprising how little he seemed to know, a few day-to-day things, the names of the people, but very little else. He said there were no mirrors in the mansion, that he had never seen his face before, that although in this mirror he could see that he looked like his brother, he could not understand why he appeared so much older. I, for one, could not understand why such a supposedly massive place would have no mirrors.
I then asked George about his past, what he had done with his life. There was little he could tell me. He said he had no memory because of the accident and that he could only recall a matter of a few weeks. He said he had been told by his brother that he had been to Africa, that he had lived and worked there for many years and that his memory of Africa would some day return. Yet George told me that he had no recollection of Africa at all, that some memories were indeed returning to him, memories of the mansion, even the maze. His memories would come back to him in flashes, and in dreams, but never once did he recall Africa.

Question: And this conversation took place while you were still inside the hut?
Answer: Yes.

Question: And where did you go from there? You had your map. Did you attempt to head back out?
Answer: Strangely enough, no. The one thing we had not investigated was the back door. I opened it.

Question: And what was it you saw on the other side?
Answer: A flight of stairs leading down into the earth, enclosed, as we had gauged from without.

Question: Would you please tell the court what happened next?
Answer: I descended the stairs, twenty of them or more. George stayed at the top. I still remember his face when I turned to look at him when I was about halfway down. He looked so frail. I continued on and was amazed, upon reaching the last step, at what opened out before me. It was a tunnel, a long, tall tunnel that extended away. I was amazed and startled by the find, but wondered, what fresh horror is this?
I called out to George, “There’s a tunnel down here.”,
I then looked back up the flight of stairs. He was no longer there. I ascended the stairs as quickly as I could and found George still in the hut, but with the map of the maze spread out flat.
“Look,” he said.
His finger indicated a faint line with an arrow at its end. The line ran back in the direction of the Hargreaves mansion. One word was written - home. We each looked at the other.
“The tunnel is a short cut back to the mansion,” I said.
I felt a cold shiver run along my spine and grabbed George’s arm. The pair of us stepped back to the open door and stared down the darkened flight of stairs.
“If we dare to go this way,” I said to George, “we do not have to find our way back through the maze. And look,” I said, returning to the map, “it’s almost a straight line. We might be there in minutes.”
George nodded, but looked tired and anxious.
“Dark in there,” he said.
“No, George,” I said, “there are lights in the tunnel. I saw them.”
And it was true. When I had stood at the bottom of the steps, I could see electric bulbs mounted on the tunnel walls, glowing dully every fifty feet or so.
George continued to gaze down the stairs. I was not sure if he was frightened or fumbling with some ancient memory. Either way, he seemed apprehensive.
“George,” I said, at last, “I think this is our best chance. I know we have a map of the maze but even with that I think finding our way out would be difficult. Please let’s go this way. If it doesn’t work, or the tunnel is blocked, we can come back here and try to escape through the maze.”
At last, he agreed, and we each descended the stairs. We left the map in the hut, believing it could be of no use unless we had to return. George gestured an offer to carry Bonny, but I already had the bag hoisted over my shoulder, and frankly, at that stage, I believed my strength to be greater than his.
We reached the bottom of the steps and made our way along, the tunnel offering plenty of headroom and continuing to descend slightly. Without the glowing bulbs our venture might have been much more daunting, and I was so glad to be heading this way. The thought of attempting an exit through the maze, the way it had so imprisoned us, made me shudder. I think my mind was so affected by my having spent so long within its confines that the maze had, for me, taken on the persona of a beast, of a living, breathing entity of evil. The more I thought, the more I came to understand that, unlike the maze, the tunnel was not there to confound, to stupefy or madden, to trap or to kill. To my way of thinking, it had been engineered by the designer of the maze for a quick and convenient departure.

Question: So, you convinced George that the tunnel was your best alternative. What followed from there?
Answer: We carefully made our way along. You must understand that although there was lighting, it was still quite dull, with long sections between the bulbs. And we were still on tenterhooks, unsure if anybody else was down there. It was not long before we realised that we were not alone.

Question: What did you see, Mrs Filby?
Answer: It was not what we saw, not at first, but instead what we heard.

Question: And what was that?
Answer: Deep rumblings - awful guttural rumblings. We both stopped in our tracks. The sounds had come from further along the tunnel. We stood unmoving for minutes, unsure whether we should continue. But the sound did not repeat, so I clenched George’s hand and together we inched forward.

Question: And was it around this time that you both heard a gunshot?
Answer: Yes, it was. A distant, muffled gunshot. It was unmistakable. It came from somewhere ahead of us and travelled toward us through the tunnel. Neither of us jumped. We just heard it and stopped. It seemed not to come from the tunnel itself but from somewhere distant.

Question: What happened next, Mrs Filby?
Answer: We heard those other sounds again, growling, low. It seemed the gunshot had set them off. We had not yet moved, just stood and listened. The sound became louder - a voice - panicked and stressed, shrill then screaming. Whatever creature it was, the gunshot had frightened it. Again, I could not be sure the creature was human. The voice, so frightening, so strange, it sounded human yet animal at the same time. I remember cold beads of sweat all over my body, my hand tightly clenching George’s sleeve.
“My God,” I whispered. “What is it?”
George said nothing. We both just stared into the dull gloom of the tunnel ahead.

Question: And, of course, Mrs Filby, those awful cries had come from the prisoner, the same cries you had heard through the maze. Is that correct?
Answer: Yes, and yet the sound was more frightening, more horrible than ever it had been when we heard it from the maze.

Question: But you continued on?
Answer: Yes. Why turn back? One alternative seemed as terrifying as another, and although this one was building in intensity, we continued on carefully, cautiously.

Question: How much further did you go before you discovered the prisoner, Mrs Filby?
Answer: Two, maybe three more bulbs. Until this point the tunnel had been descending, but now it flattened out. It curved in a long arc to the left, then back to the right. It was there, where the tunnel veered right, that a deep alcove opened up.

Question: And what was it you saw in that alcove, Mrs Filby?
Answer: The most shocking sight to ever meet my eyes.

Question: What was it, Mrs Filby?
Answer: A man…a dreadful, deformed man. I gasped out loud at the sight of him and it set my heart pounding. He was sitting back in the half-light, chained to the wall by one wrist and also chained at the ankles. There was a bulb glowing in the tunnel, just along from the alcove, and it cast enough light for us to see him. He recoiled when he saw us and screamed at us in garbled oaths. He was so shockingly deformed. I have never before seen anything like him in my life.

Question: In more detail Mrs Filby, would you please describe exactly the person you saw?
Answer: Yes, of course. It was a man - a creature - and, as I said, shackled to the wall and so horribly deformed. His back was severely swollen, had burst through his shirt and was cruelly hunched; his head was enlarged and misshapen. There were lumps of exposed flesh growing out through the coarse hair of his head. He was covered in a putrid mix of faeces and blood. He appeared to have been wallowing in his own waste. The stench was beyond belief. There were wounds from the shackles that held him, and, from his thrashings against the stony wall, injuries to his face. He appeared terrified by the sight of us. He kept screaming, words we could not understand, the whole time in that same terrible, half-animal voice.
George and I were fixed, both of us to the spot, unable to move or to even look away, so ghastly was the sight of the poor man, the creature before us. It was then that the man went suddenly quiet and seemed to fixate on us for a moment. He watched us in a way that made me most uneasy. That lasted, I’m not sure, perhaps a few seconds. Finally, he reached out his one unshackled limb, as if to plead for help, and while still looking at us, wept and sobbed and wailed his agony.
It was at that point my horror turned to pity. It was unthinkable that this creature, this person, could have been subjected to such punishment. We tried to approach him but he recoiled violently. He spat and cursed, screamed fearfully and thrashed himself against the wall. We could never have freed him regardless. His shackles needed keys to unlock them. All we could do, we decided, was continue on our way and hopefully send help for him later.
As we turned to leave, when the man could see that he was being abandoned, he again began to wail and sob, to curse and scream. I looked back at him one final time and again he was reaching with his arm, wanting our help it seemed but fearing us at the same time. I shall never forget the final pathetic look that he gave us, the suffering in his eyes, one half-closed, the other grossly enlarged and bugging from his head, tears pouring down his dreadful face. I placed the bag with Bonny on the tunnel floor and wiped my face with my hands. It was a moment that was both grotesque and heartbreaking. Before I could pick Bonny up, George had already done so. From that point on, he carried her.

Question: At this point, Mrs Filby, did you have any idea who or what this creature was?
Answer: No, but I knew the cries I had heard from the maze were surely his. And he was obviously the man that was talked about, the one they spoke of killing.

Question: Did George have any idea who the prisoner might be?
Answer: No, I’m quite certain of that. He was as shocked by what he saw as I was. For some little time, neither of us spoke. And all we could hear as we headed away were the petering cries of his suffering.

Question: I see. Now tell me, Mrs Filby, does the term ‘Velocitous Mirroring’ mean anything to you?
Answer: It does now, but not at the time. I had never heard of it.

Question: Did George ever mention it?
Answer: No.

Question: And what do you now understand of it?
Answer: It is repugnant to me. I am a woman of only modest education, not at all a scholar, and so it has been difficult for me to comprehend the process it refers to. What I do believe, however, is that at heart I am a decent person and am therefore repulsed by what little I have learned of the process. It goes against all that I hold sacred.

Question: And yet, without ‘Velocitous Mirroring,’ you would never have known George. Does that in any way alter your opinion?
Answer: It should, I suppose, for George was a godsend. Without him, I would certainly be dead. He is proof that goodness can sometimes emerge from evil - an angel in dark times.

Chapter fourteen  

Brookdale and District courthouse - January 17, 1909.
An excerpt from evidence given by Miss Ruby Stapleton.

Question: Miss Stapleton, your loss as a result of this affair has been tragic. Please be assured the feelings of the court are with you. If you could, would you please describe from your perspective, the events following the disappearance of the man known as George?
Answer: Yes. Crawford and I were both in a state of deep distress. We had to find George and return him safely to the mansion before he was missed. Our own safety and the safety of our sister, Morag, were at risk. But we were also concerned for George, for he deserved no harm to befall him.

Question: Is it so that Mr Hargreaves held your sister captive, and so had power over you and your brother, Crawford?
Answer: That is so. We knew Morag was held captive but we knew not where. As a consequence of our love and devotion for her, we, too, were effectively held captive, and in servitude.

Question: Yet, by chance, George disappeared at a convenient time, did he not? Was Mr Hargreaves not away for a time when all this occurred?
Answer: Yes, he was. He had gone to Brookdale on business matters and to receive his orders of supplies. On the occasions when his business was to be conducted in Cavendish, he would send Bledlock. He felt that was safer. In Brookdale, however, the face of Enoch Hargreaves was not quite so commonly recognised.

Question: So, Hargreaves would generally avoid being seen in Cavendish but was less concerned here in Brookdale?
Answer: Yes. Most everybody in Cavendish knew the face of Enoch Hargreaves. In Brookdale, being larger and rather more distant, recognition was less likely.

Question: Miss Stapleton, on the occasions that Mr Hargreaves went to Brookdale, did you not see these as opportunities for you and Crawford to find your sister and escape?
Answer: Initially, yes, but Crawford and I had long since given up openly trying to find her. Bledlock was the eyes and ears when Hargreaves was away. He tended to lurk around the house a little more and was obviously under instruction. It was difficult to do much without arousing suspicion. We feared the consequences of such action.

Question: I see. And on this particular occasion, was Mr Bledlock aware of George’s disappearance?
Answer: I do not believe so. Bledlock would only have taken notice had he seen us searching.  Otherwise, he would likely not realise that George was missing. They had little to do with one another.

Question: Would you tell us about the day when Mr Hargreaves was due to return from Brookdale?
Answer: Yes. We had been hoping for George’s return, but time had gone by with nothing. I felt sure he had gone to the maze, though I truly hoped I was wrong. We searched as thoroughly as we could without arousing suspicion in Bledlock, but on the morning of the day Hargreaves was due to return, I knew I had to go to the maze. I had lived for many happy years under the same roof as Enoch Hargreaves, and I knew of his tunnel.
The maze itself had been laid out by Enoch’s grandfather, and brought then into a state of rather macabre brilliance by Edgar, the son. Edgar was obsessed by his father’s vision, and during his reign the maze became as massive as it is today. And it was Edgar who arranged to have the tunnel dug. It took workmen three years to complete. It ran from the hut at the centre of the maze all the way back to the house. It would seem that Edgar realised the inherent danger of the maze and felt the need to incorporate an exit plan. He knew he could not cut a swathe through the hedgerows, a straight line back to the house as it were, without destroying the integrity and design of the maze, so he had to go underground.
The tunnel was completed when Enoch was a young man. At that stage, I had been in service at the estate for ten years.
In any event, I was aware of the tunnel and where it led. Crawford was in a state of total despair that morning. His mental condition had been fragile for some time and the business with Morag had only served to worsen it. He knew that morning that Hargreaves was returning and that great trouble was imminent for us. I told him to go to his room and remain calm. I knew of the hidden doorway to the tunnel and I assured Crawford that I would find George. In point of fact, I was far less confident, not knowing my way through the tunnel or even if it was negotiable. I feared the maze at the tunnel’s far end, of becoming lost in it myself and never finding George. I also feared George’s very survival. He would surely be crippled, if he was alive at all, for he desperately needed his daily injections.

Question: Am I correct, Miss Stapleton, in my belief that the tunnel was accessed from the house via a sliding panel under the stairs, on the ground floor of the mansion?
Answer: Yes. Enoch would be so disappointed to know that that particular secret is out. He liked his hidden chambers. He enjoyed having an air of mystery about the house, and this was the only door I knew about. In any event, I slid the panel shut behind me, descended the steps into the tunnel proper, and activated the lighting bulbs. Without them, the tunnel would have been blacker than night.

Question: Miss Stapleton, I am sorry to touch on this, but I must. You travelled for some distance then heard a gunshot. Did you know what had happened?
Answer: Not immediately. Naturally, I understood Crawford better than anyone, but even I had underestimated his state of mind. I was not sure what the noise was. It might have been Bledlock; he would often shoot at game birds. I suppose I thought it was that. But then I stopped in my tracks as an awful possibility struck me. For a moment I stood silent, holding the sides of my face. I turned and ran as fast as I could back along the tunnel. Tears were already pouring down my face as I flung open the sliding door and rushed to Crawford’s room. My poor, dear brother was lying dead on the floor, face down in his own blood. The gun lay beside him. My knees collapsed and I fell to the floor in tears.

Question: How long did you stay with your brother, Miss Stapleton?
Answer: I don’t know exactly. Quite some time, I think. I was distraught, not knowing what to do. Poor Crawford was dead and I cursed myself for having left him. For that, I can never be forgiven.

Question: But eventually you did leave the room. What were your movements?
Answer:  After a time, I managed to gather myself a little. At that point, my hatred for Hargreaves was more intense than ever. Had he appeared at the door I believe I could have killed him with my bare hands. I locked Crawford’s room behind me, took the key, and headed back to the tunnel. On descending the stairs to the ground floor, I was suddenly confronted by a most unexpected sight. I stood dumbfounded. The most wretched, bedraggled woman stood in the hallway before me. It would seem that in my haste to reach Crawford I had left the sliding door to the tunnel open. The woman was standing nearby and it seemed she had come from there. I did not know what to say. I was still reeling from the death of Crawford and my mind was not clear. The woman sensed my distress and helped me into a chair. In hindsight, I should have helped her. She was in such a sorry state.

Question: So, Mrs Filby had made it all the way back to the mansion. Where was George at this point?
Answer: The pair had apparently become separated in the latter stages of the tunnel. Mrs Filby, Lillian, told me there was a long section that was not lit. The tunnel at that point was in total darkness. Enoch had told me of the section to which she referred. The tunnel there was difficult to traverse, rising and falling dramatically due to the rocky nature of the earth. The difficulty at that point had meant that no electric bulbs were ever fitted. Worse still, it was there that the tunnel split, a natural cavern heading off in another direction. It seemed that Lillian had followed the planned route to the house, while George may have stumbled into the other opening.

Question: This other cavern, Miss Stapleton, did you know where it led, where George might have finished up?
Answer: Not exactly. Enoch had mentioned another smaller tunnel that had extended from that cavern and back to the mansion but I was unsure exactly where it came out.

Question: What action did you and Mrs Filby take in order to find George?
Answer: I quickly gave Lillian some food and drink from the nearby kitchen and offered to lock her safely in my room while I went after George. She would have none of it and insisted on coming along. I reluctantly assented, and as we retraced her steps along the tunnel, Lillian told me of her time with George.

Question: Did you tell Mrs Filby of the unfortunate suicide of your brother?
Answer: No. At that point Lillian had no need to know of that misfortune, and I had no wish yet to recount it. I needed to be strong and to focus my attention on finding George. There would be time enough for tears and sorrow.

Question: Your search was certainly an important one. You say that your own safety, that of your sister, Morag, and of course, the safety of George, did hinge on it. Tell us, Miss Stapleton, of that search.
Answer: There is little to tell. Lillian and I searched the tunnel for a very long time. But it was to no avail. He was gone. It is a sad fact that both Lillian and I were destined to never again see George.

Question: The point where the tunnel split; were you able to find that?
Answer: We searched and searched. We called George’s name but got no answer. No, in the dark we could not find the point where the tunnel divided. That section was as black as coal. The path and tunnel walls were damp and slippery. We could go only so far. At one point the way was so steep, so slippery and rocky, that we were unable to climb up. Lillian recalled how, coming the other way, she had slipped and tumbled her way to the bottom of that section. She was having difficulty with orientation and recall but thought that any split in the tunnel must have been above that incline.

Question: So, what did you do then?
Answer: We did the only thing we could do. We headed back. I feared for George, as did Lillian. He might have been dead, or unconscious somewhere in the dark, perhaps at the bottom of some slippery rocks. I feared also for Morag. Not knowing where she was, I could not protect her from the peril she might now face.

Question: Thankyou, Miss Stapleton. That completes my questions at this point, except to say that when you re-entered the Hargreaves mansion via the sliding panel, were you shocked by what you saw?
Answer: Shocked, yes - and relieved. The building was swarming with police. 

Chapter fifteen

The following extract from the official police report pertains to events leading up to, and including, the detainment of George Renton Hargreaves, and the subsequent events at the Hargreaves Estate.

A report was received by the Brookdale Constabulary of a gentleman attempting to access funds from an account at the Brookdale branch of the Mercantile Bank. There was a dispute as to the man’s identity, the bank staff stalling him until police officers arrived to sort the matter out. The person in question identified himself as Dr Enoch Hargreaves, semi-retired physician and science chemist, of Hargreaves Estate, via Cavendish.
Although the gentleman concerned had conducted transactions on this particular account on several occasions, another bank customer, Mr Athol Kennedy, having known Enoch Hargreaves well, brought the man’s identity into question in this instance.
Convincing documentation was produced but it was found that the gentleman’s signature was not an identical match to the examples held by the bank. In addition to this, Mr Kennedy, being a known person of impeccable repute, was absolutely adamant that the man involved was not Enoch Hargreaves. Indeed, the gentleman concerned was unable to identify Mr Kennedy, who himself had been a long-standing friend of Enoch Hargreaves.
As a result of this, the gentleman was taken into custody for questioning. The detained individual was equally adamant that he was, in fact, Enoch Hargreaves, and insisted we accompany him to the Hargreaves Estate, near Cavendish, where his staff would readily identify him. It seemed fair that he be given the opportunity, so we obliged. The Cavendish Police were notified and subsequently involved in the matter.
When officers arrived later that same day, the Hargreaves Estate mansion was found to be empty. Our detainee was at a loss to explain where his maid and manservant might be. He then said that his gardener, Gustav Bledlock, would be able to identify him. Alternatively, his brother, George, who would be upstairs in his room, could perform the task. He said his brother would be able to identify him in the absence of Mr Bledlock, but he would rather not disturb George, as he had been unwell.
The officers were about to escort the detainee outside to find Mr Bledlock, when two women suddenly burst from an opening under the stairs. The officers were shocked and both the women were startled and taken aback. After a moment of initial confusion, the older woman of the two, her clothing filthy, screamed out to the officers.
She said, “Hold him. Hold him. He’s an imposter and a killer.”
The woman had spied the shackles that held our man and was quite insistent in her demands. The detainee’s face at this point turned pale and he snarled at the woman. The officers took him to a nearby dining room and sat him down. Miss Ruby Stapleton, as she was identified, was invited in as well and asked to explain her allegations. The second woman, covered in filth as well and appearing most bedraggled, also joined the group. Identifying herself as Mrs Lillian Filby, she appeared somewhat unwell and a doctor was sent for. Miss Stapleton, on the other hand, appeared to be in good health but was angry and distressed.
Her first information did not relate directly to the detained man. She told officers of her brother’s suicide, and that his body was lying in an upstairs bedroom. Our officers attended to this matter soon after, in conjunction with Dr Carlisle, when he arrived from Cavendish. Miss Stapleton added that a search must immediately be carried out for a person missing in tunnels beneath the house. She also said that her sister, Morag Stapleton, was being held captive and was probably hidden somewhere within the mansion, or in the tunnel system.
Incredibly, Mrs Filby then added that yet another individual was injured and shackled to a wall, deep within the underground tunnels.
From there, Miss Stapleton, and indeed, Mrs Filby, provided the Constabulary with sufficient information to warrant a formal arrest of the detainee.
The true identity of the person arrested was then established as George Renton Hargreaves, brother of Enoch Hargreaves. Enoch Hargreaves was, at that point, pronounced as missing and presumed murdered.

The following is a further excerpt from the testimony of Miss Ruby Stapleton, as presented at trial.

George Hargreaves had returned from Africa quite unexpectedly. It was the summer of 1904. Enoch, being the man that he was, welcomed his brother back into the family fold, and agreed to allow him to stay at the Hargreaves Estate.
Crawford and I had long been in the employ of Enoch Hargreaves, we having first assigned ourselves to his father before him. Enoch became a man whom we both greatly admired and respected. By 1904, our younger sister, Morag, was a middle-aged woman but with the mind of a child. She was in our care and living with us, and Enoch had happily accepted her under his roof.
It was difficult for us to believe that Enoch and his brother were born of the same parents, Crawford and I taking an instant dislike to George Hargreaves, distrusting him immensely. He had leached money from his father in the old man’s waning years and had then plundered those assets in his African misadventures. There was much talk of his having been a drunk and a gambler. It was also thought that perhaps he was in debt to creditors for ventures he might have undertaken, as his demands for money became steadily more frequent. Finally, when his demands for money stopped and there were rumours of his disappearance, it was thought that George might have died.
Then, when natives found mauled human remains, it was presumed they had belonged to George. In light of that find, and the fact that no more was ever heard of George, the entire Hargreaves Estate was left to Enoch when Edgar passed away.
Then, in 1904, George Hargreaves mysteriously reappeared. What had been of him for so long was a secret that was never shared with either Crawford or myself. He simply appeared one summer’s morning, quite out of the blue, and after a lengthy meeting between the brothers, moved in with his bags.
Crawford and I naturally suspected that whatever his situation had been, he was now destitute and keen to cash in on Enoch’s great wealth and success. To us, the man was no more than a gold digger.
In the years before his brother arrived, Enoch Hargreaves had pursued his scientific interests. He had all but retired from general practice, and although he no longer saw patients, he sometimes replied to their mail with written advice. He often locked himself away for hours, even days, in his hidden laboratory. His mind remained fertile and imaginative and he continued to devote most of his later life to the betterment of mankind. He was forever conducting his research, his experiments, and the testing of his medicines, which he would carry out on small animals and even on himself. Although Crawford and I were never made privy to the secret passages and hallways that we knew existed, and never saw his famous laboratory, Enoch would often tell us, and in great detail, the progress of the research he was conducting. Despite his secrecy with regard to the mansion’s ‘other self,’ Enoch seemed to regard Crawford and I, and of course, Morag, as his family. We accepted his undoubted need for privacy and the delicacy of his work. We were never offended by our exclusion from a quite large part of the Hargreaves mansion, which, as Enoch explained, was as much for our own safety, as the laboratory in particular contained dangerous apparatus and chemicals.
The one part of the estate from which we were all excluded was the enormous hedge maze at the far east end of the property. The design of the maze had been the brainchild of Charles, Enoch’s grandfather, and the maze was finally completed years later by Edgar. It took decades to complete and has continued to grow for decades since. However, many years after the Estate was taken over by Enoch, it began to fall into disrepair.
Initially it had been a source of escape for him, a place to go, to be quiet, with a small refuge having been built at its centre. Enoch would go there and read. But sometime later, in the time that followed the arrival of his brother, when he was suddenly unable to find the map of the maze, Enoch ruled it off limits. After that, the maze became wild and overgrown, and nobody from the Estate, not even Enoch, would set foot in it again. Enoch once told me that although he had loved the solitude the maze had offered, it had also on occasion frightened him. The complexity of the design had oft left him floundering, despite the plan that had been handed down to him, a plan he had always taken with him. He said the layout could so disorientate that at times he swore the very pattern of the place had changed, that passageways he had known seemed no longer there, replaced by ones that ran in other directions and led him elsewhere. On more than one occasion, unable to find his way out, he returned to the central building, a chore in itself, to then return through the dark tunnel.
Although I had known of the existence of the tunnel, I initially had not known where it came out. That is to say, Crawford and I could never have accessed it from the house. Edgar, and then Enoch, were both keen to keep the whereabouts secret of the mansion’s internal access point. Again, this was possibly as much for our own safety as for anything else.
It was not until one day when I saw Enoch coming out through a sliding panel under the ground floor stairs that the secret was out. Surprisingly, he was not at all evasive. He smiled, even laughed as I recall. Then he showed me how to operate the panel, insisting, however, that I keep it to myself and promise to never enter the tunnel. I gave him my word. He then explained exactly where and how the tunnel ran and told me of a difficult section where the way was rocky and steep, that it was slippery and dangerous at that point and could only be negotiated from the far end. He also told me that at that point the tunnel split, a natural cave opening up. He said a second smaller tunnel had been extended from that cavern to another part of the mansion.
He then took me a short way into the tunnel and even showed me the new electric bulbs he had installed and the switches to activate them.
After that, Enoch implored me once more to never enter the tunnel. He said he had been willing to show me these things only because he knew he could trust me to keep my word. Again, I gave him that word. The only time my promise was ever broken, and only out of necessity, was on the day that Crawford died.
After Enoch’s brother moved into our lives, Enoch made a fatal mistake. He was unable to see the devils that lurked within his insidious sibling. Believing blindly that blood be thicker than water, he took George Renton Hargreaves into his confidence and revealed to him the secrets of the mansion. His brother could then come and go as Enoch did, passing secretly from the known parts of the house to the unknown. Soon the pair of them were working together in the laboratory, Enoch delighting, it seemed, in sharing his research and innovations with his own blood.
For many years Enoch had been consumed by one peculiar scientific interest, an interest that became for him an absolute quest; he sought to mimic life. Over time he had become fascinated with the notion of copying and artificially creating life. By the time his brother arrived at the Hargreaves Estate, Enoch had already achieved some minor success in duplicating a number of simple organisms. He saw George as an able assistant and partner in his program and was quick to verse him in all that he had learned. Soon the pair was gone for days, locked away in the laboratory, conducting research that both Crawford and I saw as entirely ungodly.
The success of the research grew. Enoch told me that the pair had created a frog, derived, he said, from the essence of another. Within days, however, the frog had grown tumours and died. As a simple housemaid, I do not profess to understand the processes that were involved, but I do know that from that point forward the work progressed rapidly. According to Enoch, the initial subjects used in the development were frogs, and soon after, piglets.
Not only did the brothers learn to create artificial life, they developed a process that could enhance and accelerate the growth of the creation. They could rapidly grow a frog or a piglet to maturity. One day Enoch tried to explain the process to me in the broadest terms, but even at its simplest I became lost in his words. From what I could gather, a particular mix of ingested and injected chemicals and specific dietary changes achieved the rapid growth. Often, though, the growth came at a terrible cost to the creature. There were deformities, poor muscle tone, joint problems, and brittle and breaking bones. In other instances, the creature would grow physically, like a vegetable, but the brain would remain undeveloped.
Despite these problems, Enoch was extremely excited by the progress he and his brother were making. Crawford and I, however, remained unsettled by the whole thing, each of us believing the men to be playing God. More than once I pulled Enoch aside and protested that which Crawford and I believed to be an abomination. On each occasion he would smile, kiss me on the cheek and tell me not to worry, that the curious mind of man could not be so easily halted. He said the spark of scientific discovery was ignited within him and he could never stop, not until his process of ‘Velocitous Mirroring,’ as he called it, was perfected.
On one such occasion, I saw, beyond the doorway and skulking at a distance in the darkened hall, the insidious silhouette of his infernal brother, watching us. I sensed immediately that he was calculating something. The silence and motionless nature of his vigil stirred within me the darkest emotions of fear and loathing. A chill ran deep within.
Then, one dark day, about a year ago, George Hargreaves appeared suddenly before us with a revolver. He told us he had taken our dear sister and hidden her where we would never find her. We were to behave as we always had, and continue on as his servants, for now he was in charge.
Incensed and frightened by this ogre of a man, I asked what would happen should we refuse.
He gave a chilling reply, “Refuse, Ruby, and your sister dies.”
“You would harm Morag?” I screamed at him.
“The choice is yours,” he said. “You will never know where she is, and should you harm me or turn me in, then Morag dies, by one means or another. I am told starvation is an awful way to go.”
“You brute,” I yelled, as Crawford grew pale and fell into a chair.
“Come now, Ruby,” said Hargreaves, “your sister is quite safe, just so long as the both of you do as I say. But, cross me, and I swear she will suffer.”
“And what of Enoch?” I blurted, at once fearing for his safety as well.
A smug grin came over Hargreaves’ mouth, while his eyes grew ever harder.
“You need not worry about Enoch,” he said. “He will not interfere. In fact, from this day forth, I am Enoch. Yes, that’s right. From now on, I am Enoch Hargreaves. You will both address me as such, as Enoch, although I would have preferred you call me Dr Hargreaves. My brother was so foolish in doing away with formality. Imagine, common servants addressing the master by his first name and eating at the same table. Still, the precedent is set, and we must, for the sake of authenticity, maintain the status quo. You will call me Enoch.”
My head was spinning. Despite my distaste for the man, despite the fear he instilled in me, and despite my absolute mistrust of him, I would never have thought him capable of a treachery of this scale. From that moment forward, Crawford and I both believed that Enoch, our beloved master, was dead, killed at the hand of his brother. My body shook with rage.
“Who would ever believe that you are Enoch?” I yelled. “It is plain that you are not.”
“My dear Ruby,” he answered, a disgusting, cruel leer across his features, “people will rarely see me. Remember, I am all but retired. I’m sure I can look and sound sufficiently like my brother that on the rare occasions when people do see me, they will be fooled. My advantage is the fact that Enoch had withdrawn himself so much over recent years. I’m not concerned.”
“And what about Bledlock?” I asked. “You will not fool him.”
Hargreaves chuckled quietly at that.
“Gustav is on my side, dear Ruby,” he said. “You have no idea what a corruptible little worm that man is. Money speaks all languages and he is being paid very handsomely indeed. In fact, he sickens me a little, does Bledlock - so easily bought. He would sell his mother for a pound, and I can always use a sad little bastard like that.”
“You cur,” I screamed at him. “Enoch trusted you with all his knowledge. He trusted you - you, his own flesh and blood - and this is what you do? He welcomed you onto this Estate, and into his home.”
Hargreaves’ face grew hard again, the smug grin that had shown how much he enjoyed his moment of power, gone.
“This property was as much mine as his,” he yelled back at me, his cool demeanour departed, “and it has always been my entitlement. How dare you suggest otherwise?”
“Enoch should have sent you away,” I fumed.
Then, as quickly as it had left, Hargreaves’ humour and sickening chuckle returned.
“But, Ruby,” he said, “he didn’t, and now it’s all mine. The house, the grounds, all that research, and oh, yes, the finances, too. All mine - and nothing anyone can do about it.”
I stood staring, my thoughts murderous, as I gazed upon this insufferable man. His cruel eyes twinkled back at me and he spoke again.
“Well, my friends,” he said, “I trust you understand your position, not an enviable one I admit, but on the upside, at least you have retained your employment.”
With those words, Hargreaves turned and put the revolver into his coat pocket. He removed it again as quickly, looking at it and suddenly laughing.
He turned back to me and said, “It’s a funny situation isn’t it, in which we find ourselves? I could easily leave this revolver with you, Ruby. I’m sure I have no need for such a crude device. I could just set it down here on the table, for what would you do? Shoot me with it? I think not. For if I’m dead, then surely so is your sister. Oh, you might find her a month from now, or a year, but either way, she’ll be dead. I suppose I could leave weapons all around the house, or give each of you a gun on your birthdays. I could sleep each night, quite blissfully, my door wide open, knowing full well that I am quite safe. Indeed, Ruby, is it not in the best interests of both you and Crawford to actually undertake measures to ensure my safety and wellbeing, I being Morag’s only chance for survival?”
He turned again and got as far as the door, looking back one final time as he stood in the jamb.
“Just remember,” he said, “from this day forth, my name is Enoch Hargreaves and you shall always address me as such. Should you fail, then your sister will suffer by my hand. You may trust me on that point. I will have no hesitation in torturing little Morag, or worse, should either of you fail to please me.”
By now, I felt crushed, weak and impotent, knowing full well that everything he said was so and there was little that Crawford or I could do about it.
In a weak voice, I asked, “If you are Enoch, then what of George Hargreaves? You cannot simply cease to exist. This is where George Hargreaves lives. It will come up. Questions will surely be asked.”
“That’s a very good question,” he said to me, “and I congratulate you for asking it. You are indeed a clever woman, Ruby, to pose it. That particular situation could be handled a number of ways, I suppose the least imaginative being that George simply moved away, went back to Africa perhaps. But, no - that seems a little dull, so I’ve come up with something else that I think will be a lot more fun.”
Finally, Hargreaves left our company, I left standing aghast, furious, terrified, in the middle of the room. Crawford had collapsed his body into a ball, weeping pitifully. For the next three days he was bedridden, fevered, and morosely melancholic. He felt that he was not a man because he could not prevent what Hargreaves was doing. His mental condition did not enable him to think clearly and continually he wanted to devise with me a plot to kill Hargreaves. I had to constantly remind him that not only could we never contemplate such a thing, we needed instead to ensure Hargreaves’ safety in order to ensure the same for Morag.
“Crawford,” I would say, “please understand that we cannot kill him or harm him in any way. We must safeguard him. Only he knows where Morag is, and only he can keep her alive. For the moment, he holds all the cards and we need to play his game. Even if we turned him in to the police, he would let Morag starve. He would make sure she was dead before letting on where she was. Do you not understand this?”
For me, the situation in which we found ourselves was an immensely difficult one. For Crawford, it became intolerable.  

Chapter sixteen  

A further extract from the official police report, concerning events at the Hargreaves Estate, and following the arrest of George Renton Hargreaves.

Based on information received from Ruby Stapleton and Lillian Filby, a search of the tunnel system beneath, and extending beyond, Hargreaves Estate mansion was carried out. On their advice, scaling equipment and additional lighting in the form of hurricane lanterns, was taken into the tunnel and the search officers suitably attired.
The tunnel was much as described and soon the steep and rocky part was encountered. With appropriate equipment and lighting, it was navigable. The point was found where the tunnel branched, and so two officers were sent there in pursuit of the missing individual described as ‘George,’ he being the man who had accompanied Mrs Filby in the tunnel. All officers were asked to keep a sharp lookout for any evidence that might lead to the missing woman, Morag Stapleton.
Two officers continued on in what we now know to be the direction of the maze. This was in order to recover an individual shackled to the wall of a rocky recess, as described by Mrs Filby. The officers, however, began to believe they were on the wrong trail, for the way was silent and the whimpering of the man, as described by Mrs Filby, could not be heard. The man was eventually found but had unfortunately succumbed. A post-mortem revealed his grossly mis-shapen body was rife with tumours, and it was one of these, in his throat, that had grown so large as to asphyxiate him.
Two officers pursuing ‘George’ in the branched tunnel had dropped and smashed their hurricane lantern, the way being, in its initial stages, a natural cave. The passage, as difficult as it was and at times steep, had been quite unpredictable. They were then forced to return to the mansion the way they had come in order to secure another lantern. However, at that point, the officer in charge of operations forestalled further exploration until the following day.
Unfortunately, due to an unexpected staff shortage, it was two more days before the search could be resumed. By this time, Gustav Bledlock had also been taken into custody as a consequence of information supplied by Mr Hargreaves.
Officers resumed their search of the branched tunnel, and after some distance found themselves confronted by a large wooden door. Upon opening the door, they gained entry to a system of rooms and passageways that continued throughout the Hargreaves mansion, extending to each floor and to a tower above roof level. It was on the first floor, however, that an elaborate laboratory was discovered, the full inventory of which is included as an attachment to this report.
The most significant and unfortunate find in the laboratory was the body of Dr Enoch Hargreaves, submerged in a large glass tank of embalming fluid. Despite his having been long dead, the body was perfectly preserved.
The investigating officers found vast quantities of incriminating documents, the full details of which are contained elsewhere in this report.
Morag Stapleton was found alive, but very ill, in a locked room near the laboratory. She had been strapped to a bed with her mouth gagged. She was greatly undernourished, had not eaten for some days, and was also severely dehydrated. Initially, she was thought to be dead, but was simply too weak and too terrified to move.
Unfortunately, no trace was ever found of the individual described as ‘George.’

Chapter seventeen

Brookdale and District Courthouse.
An excerpt from answers given in court by Mr George Renton Hargreaves - January 18, 1909.

Do you, George Renton Hargreaves, swear that the answers you give this court are the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?

Hargreaves: (long pause) I swear nothing before your God.

Judge: Mr Hargreaves, the court requires that you swear an oath.
Hargreaves:  Does it now? Well, let me say this. Should the questions put to me be worthy of answers, I’ll answer them. But don’t ask me to bow down to your God. He is your superstition, little man, not mine.

Judge: The court will accept this as Mr Hargreaves’ oath. Please proceed, Counsel.

Thankyou, my Lord.
Question:  Mr Hargreaves, as you would be aware, Mr Bledlock has furnished the prosecution with considerable information pertaining to your activities. Is it true that Gustav Bledlock was himself your right-hand man during the commission of the crimes for which you have been charged?
Answer:  Yes, Bledlock was my very willing assistant. I understand he has entered into what might be called a ‘sentencing arrangement’ with you people, in exchange for his full co-operation.

Question:  That is true, Mr Hargreaves, but according to Miss Stapleton’s testimony, you once said, and I quote, ‘You have no idea what a corruptible little worm that man is. He would sell his mother for a pound, and I can always use a sad little bastard like that.’
Perhaps, sir, you misjudged Mr Bledlock. It would seem that you assumed you had also bought his loyalty. In reality, it would appear Mr Bledlock simply seeks the best deal he can get. In hindsight, would you not agree it was rather foolish to place your trust in such a ‘corruptible little worm?’
Answer:  This much I will say - and I direct this to you, Gustav, sitting over there in your comfortable chair. This court may well send me to the gallows, but if there is a hell, and I sincerely trust there is, then I shall be there first, Lucifer’s right-hand man, and most eagerly awaiting the arrival of you, my unsightly little friend.

Judge:  Counsel, this type of questioning merely serves to antagonise Mr Hargreaves. Please put questions such as might allow proceedings to move forward.

Yes, my Lord.
Question:  Mr Hargreaves, would you please explain to this court the process known as ‘Velocitous Mirroring?’
Answer: (laughter) You ignoramus. Is it your idea of a joke, to expect this court to understand Velocitous Mirroring? I would liken that to expecting a cockroach to understand the complexity and mysteries of the universe. You make me laugh. I refuse to answer such a patently stupid question.

Question:  Forgive me, Mr Hargreaves. You are clearly a man of superior intellect, no doubt that being why you sit here today amongst free men and women, yet charged yourself with capital crimes. Perhaps, with this in mind, you could dismount your lofty steed. You have, surely, by your actions, forgone any right to such foolish pride. And again, I please ask that you explain to this court the process known as Velocitous Mirroring.
Answer:  I will not. But perhaps your little friend, Gustav, might explain it to you. I look around this room and see such vacant eyes, such ignorance. I am sure Mr Bledlock’s attempt at describing my work, his undoubtedly pathetic over-simplification, would be much more easily understood by the mindless collection of reptiles you have seen fit to assemble here today.

Question:  Your work, you say, Mr Hargreaves? Surely you mean the work you stole from another man, your brother, no less?
Answer:  I had as much claim to that work as he. In fact, I developed Velocitous Mirroring far beyond my brother’s vision. The work is mine, and I claim it. I see no crime in that.

Question:  And yet it was certainly a crime to commit murder upon Dr Enoch Hargreaves. It was certainly also a crime to imprison Morag Stapleton, to effectively imprison Ruby and Crawford Stapleton by your treachery, Crawford dying in fact by his own hand, but as a direct consequence of your actions. A crime, also, to chain another man inside a cave and let him die. Is there anything I have left out, Mr Hargreaves?
Answer:  Yes, Counsel. You have failed to mention the deaths many, many months ago of two men in the Cavendish Forest.

Question:  You refer to the Cavendish Forest Murders?
Answer:  You know I do.

Question:  And how, in your mind, are those matters relevant in this case, Mr Hargreaves?
Answer:  Because your people are just as guilty as I am perceived here to be. Because your people arrested the wrong man. Because that same man ended his life whilst in your detention. He died because of police incompetence. Horace Blackshaw was right, and as one final act of stupidity, the Force let Blackshaw go.

Question:  Yes, Mr Hargreaves, mistakes have been acknowledged in respect of that case. They are being addressed as we speak. But what makes you so certain the wrong man was arrested in that particular instance?
Answer:  You no longer need me to tell you why – but, for courtroom theatrics, I’ll play your little game. Because the individual detained in the tunnel, by me, was the real killer. He was the one. He killed those men in the forest. By arresting the wrong man, the crown failed to protect the public from the real murderer. Therefore, purely out of civic duty, I took it upon myself to capture him.

Question:  And how can you be so sure of your facts, Mr Hargreaves, that this man was indeed the Cavendish Forest murderer?
Answer:  You make me laugh, my young friend. Because I created him, that’s why - created him with the willing assistance of Mr Bledlock over there.

Question:  So, you created him? Through Velocitous Mirroring, you mean?
Answer:  Yes, little man.

Question:  I find this quite fascinating, Mr Hargreaves, and I therefore request again, for the sake of progress here today, that you kindly explain to this court the process of Velocitous Mirroring.
Answer:  I am sure Gustav has told you as much of the process as you could possibly hope to understand. In fact, when your people raided my laboratory, you confiscated my papers, my notes. So, you must have some understanding of what went on. I will not elaborate further on that which has already been stolen from me and undoubtedly examined.

Judge:  Mr Hargreaves, there is a lot to get through here. An understanding of Velocitous Mirroring is important for the court to fully understand the case against you. If you fail to respond I will have no choice but to hold you in contempt and punish you accordingly.
Hargreaves:(turning to face the judge) And what would you do to me, sir - hang me twice? Can you not see that you are unable to bargain with me? That nothing remains for me to lose? I fully understand that I will likely be hanged as a result of these matters. Indeed, I expect it. And so, with that in mind, I shall choose exactly what I do and do not say.

Counsel: Your Honour - if I may? In light of his current stance, I have nothing more for Mr Hargreaves at this point. Thank you.

Chapter eighteen

Brookdale and District Courthouse.
An excerpt from answers given in court by Mr Gustav Bledlock - January 18, 1909.

Question:  Mr Bledlock, your testimony has been quite damning in so far as it relates to Mr Hargreaves, however it touches only briefly on the subject of Velocitous Mirroring. Could you please explain to the court, as best you can, this process?
Answer:  Hargreaves, he call me sick - a sad bastard - but I say it’s him. If I don’ help him then he kill me, too - or hold something on me like he done to Ruby. The man in the cave, yes, he escapes to the forest, and he kills those men. Hargreaves and me, we catch him again, lock him up, chain him to the wall. He was mad, that man. He was number two, and he was mad - big mistake.

Question:  What do you mean by that, Mr Bledlock, that he was ‘number two,’ and a ‘mistake’?
Answer:  He was the second one we make - the second human. The first one, he die straight away, so we burn him. We burn him in the garden, and I bury what is left. Number two is better. We are learning by number two. But even number two is no good. He is mad, and his body - all deformed. He grow the tumours, like the frogs we make, and the little piggies.
Number one and number two, we make them from me.

Question:  Through the process of Velocitous Mirroring?
Answer:  Yes.

Question:  Thankyou, Mr Bledlock. You say that numbers one and two were made from you. What exactly do you mean by this and how is the process of Velocitous Mirroring used in the artificial creation of human life?
Answer:  The Hargreaves brothers, Enoch and George, they find a way to, I dunno, map life and copy it. I don’ understand about it but they say they ‘mirroring’ the subject. They got to get some blood or some tissue from the subject and they can ‘mirror’ it.
Number one and number two, they are my mirrors. Number two, the dead one you find in the cave, you notice he look a little like me?
Enoch, he only done animals. But his brother, he done people. I had to help him. We learn from number two.

Question:  The word ‘Velocitous’ is used. Why is that?
Answer:  Because of the speed of the growth. The animal, or person, they grow to full size in six weeks. This is why they get so sick - they grow too fast. The bones do not get hard enough yet, or be strong enough, the muscles, too. Number three was better.

Question:  Number three was the mystery man in all of this, was he not? The elusive ‘George’ we have heard so much about, the poor unfortunate who was never found, friend it would seem to the Stapletons and Mrs Filby. He was not mirrored from you, was he Mr Bledlock? Tell us from whom he was mirrored, and for what purpose.
Answer:  He was mirrored from Enoch. He was a very good copy, that one. He grew quickly and was smart. After Hargreaves kills Enoch, he puts the body in the fluid to make it keep. This is until he is ready to use it. Then Hargreaves, he plays the part of Enoch, who is now dead. This, of course, he does to get the money, the fame. But the trouble now is there is no George Hargreaves. What if they come looking for him, you know, the Government, or someone else? What will he do? So, he makes another George, a mirror from Enoch’s blood.

Question:  But if Hargreaves wanted a perfect ‘mirror’ of himself to use to assume his position, why did he mirror his brother to create George, instead of mirroring himself? Surely his own copy would have been a more exact replica?
Answer:  Because he does not use his own blood. The brothers, twins, they look so much alike, but are different people. Hargreaves, he know in his heart that he is evil, cunning like the fox. He doesn’t trust a replica of his own blood, would fear another like him. Hargreaves, he tries to look just like Enoch, to cut his hair like Enoch, to talk like Enoch. But he is not Enoch. No matter how hard he try to look like Enoch, to be Enoch, we can all see he is not Enoch. But then when we look at the new George, all we can see is Enoch, was mirrored from Enoch, and is the same like Enoch. Hargreaves, he’s a worried man. He wants to be Enoch and number three to be George, but because number three is mirrored from Enoch, it is like number three is Enoch. Hargreaves, he knows he has to stay low for some time. Someone that knows the real Enoch will know it’s not him. He will get caught. At the same time Hargreaves is very happy with the new George. We are getting much better at it since number two.

Question:  Is it true then, Mr Bledlock, that Hargreaves would have you conduct much of his business for him, for fear of his being seen?
Answer:  Yes. Everything in Cavendish, I do for him. Sometime he would come here to Brookdale. Not so many know Enoch so well. He is unlucky that day in the bank, the day he get caught.
When number two escapes, kills the men in the forest, Hargreaves, he panics. Does not want the police near the house, poking around, asking the questions. I like the forest. I fish there. I see Mr Filby in there sometimes, his dog, too. I see where he lives, his shanty. Of course, I do not know the man, but Hargreaves, he says to me, ‘Gustav, you go to the police, you tell them something. You make up a story about the man, how you seen what he done, a story to make him guilty. Then, the police, they will leave us alone.’
So, I do what Hargreaves tells me to do. I tell a story about the man and they come for the man, take him away. I watch from the trees. I see them take the man, the poor man. I try to catch his dog. I like to have her for a pet. But she runs away. She runs into the maze and I never see the dog again.

Question:  Those actions destroyed a family, sir. There were a lot of casualties as a result of your misdeeds, and those of Mr Hargreaves. Clearly, however, you were your master’s puppet.
But tell me this, Mr Bledlock, if you can. Although your understanding of Velocitous Mirroring is limited, how was it that such mature intelligence could be instilled in a mirrored creation in just six weeks?
Answer:  What you talking about? Number one was with no brain at all, and number two was mad.

Question:  I am speaking of number three - George. Clearly, he was a vast improvement over the previous mirrors. From what we have heard, he was capable of interacting quite well, had considerable intelligence, was capable of learning and of feeling emotion. How was it that his brain, his mental capacity, had developed to such an extent over such a short space of time, in his case, a few months at most?
Answer:  The whole creation would develop rapidly, would be the ‘mirror’ of the original. Maybe he is smart because Enoch is smart. I dunno. But we - mostly Hargreaves - was getting much better at the work, at the mirroring. An evil man that one, but smart. Numbers four and five would be better again, but never happened. George is getting smarter every day, learning, asking the questions. And he is starting to scare Hargreaves. He is starting to remember things; things Enoch would know. He sees things in his dreams, sees places he never been. Hargreaves is worried. It is Enoch that is remembering, not George. Number three, a good mirror, but not perfect.

Question:  Mr Bledlock, Mrs Filby has said that she overheard you and Mr Hargreaves speaking of killing the man held captive in the tunnel, the man Mr Hargreaves alleges was the true Cavendish Forest murderer, the creation you have referred to as Number Two. Yet the pair of you then allowed the man to live, even though en route that day to his point of imprisonment there was actual talk of killing him. Why was it that Number Two was spared at that point?
Answer:  Hargreaves, he is worried that Number Two might escape again, get away, do the killing. He was mad, Number Two. He wants to kill him, no use now he says for Number Two. So, we go to him, through the maze. We use the map. But when Hargreaves sees Number Two, he sees how much the tumours, the growths. He wants to know what goes wrong with Number Two, why the growths so bad? So, he says that soon Number Two is dead anyway, wants to keep him alive until then, to study him after, to learn. But the map that I steal so long ago, I leave it in the little cabin, the one in the maze, and I don’t remember until we get back to the mansion, back through the tunnel. There is no way then to go back, so Number Two must die, will starve to death. Hargreaves is mad to me, beats me with a stick. He learns nothing from Number Two, and now Number Two is dead.

Question:  I see. Well, I thank you, Mr Bledlock, for telling us what you know, and especially of Velocitous Mirroring. Although your knowledge of the particular processes involved is obviously not so great as that of your rather less co-operative collaborator, you have nonetheless outlined a most disturbing development of science.
Had Enoch Hargreaves lived on he might well have done something worthwhile with the knowledge. As I understand it, his vision, his work, was for the betterment of mankind.
That brings me, Mr Bledlock, to my final question, and it is this. To the best of your knowledge, was Mr Hargreaves over there actually trying to achieve some final goal in the creation of human life? I mean to say, he had taken over his brother’s fortune, stolen his work, and wrought untold damage upon everybody and everything he touched. You said there was a plan to embark on numbers four and five. Was that in the hope of developing an even better ‘George,’ a more convincing one, one perhaps that Hargreaves could better control and direct? Or was it something else? What exactly was the motivation?
Answer: Yes, Hargreaves wants a better George, definitely. He doesn’t say this one is good enough yet. He wants one, yes, with more control, and more like him, not Enoch. One to train. Each ‘mirror’ is better than the one before, but the speed of growth is the problem. Velocity, it is needed to grow fast to adult, but he is fast to grow old as well. George, very sick already, full of the arthritis, the rheumatism, and worse every day. Ageing, ageing, dying right before our eyes - getting older all the time. Hargreaves, he wants to contain the ageing process, to slow it down when maturity is reached. High ambition, yes, for Velocitous Mirroring, and Hargreaves, sometimes he tell me of his dreams.

Question:  And what dreams were those, Mr Bledlock?
Answer:  Hargreaves, he dreams of building an army of mirrored soldiers. Tells me that a great war is coming - that the government, they will buy his troops. The soldiers, he say, they will be sent far away to fight in foreign lands, sent far away, to fight, to die, and no one will ever care.

Part three

Chapter nineteen

The Final Days

It was dark now. The nearest bulb, dull, yellow, far in the distance behind them, seemed little more than the hazy glow of a firefly. The tunnel veered a degree or two and the last of the glow was gone. With Lillian in front, George fumbled along behind, Bonny flung over his already aching shoulder. He bumped against a slippery, protruding rock that pushed its way rudely up from the path. He groped his way around it and it steered him to the right. The blackness was absolute. More rocks, then a number of narrow pillars that seemed to run from floor to ceiling and the growing sensation of increasing space all around him. He slipped on the greasy floor, staggered and stumbled as it fell away slightly, then sharply, slipped onto his rear, skidded backwards before tumbling and sliding down a bumping, slippery spillway. He finished on his back, Bonny at his side, the mud beneath him sticking his clothes to the cavern floor. Water dripped steadily from out of the darkness, bouncing, repeating against his forehead.
“Lillian,” he called out, although his voice was weak.
Nothing, so he called again.
Still nothing - just darkness, thick and silent.
The water kept dripping. George could not move. He had struck his head, was winded and felt ill. He lay there waiting for his strength to return. He could not call out again. His first attempts had been feeble but even those efforts were beyond him now. He felt his consciousness slide once or twice, in a moment heard his name called. Then he was gone.
Lillian, too, had tumbled. The path had fallen suddenly from beneath her as though she had stepped over the edge of a cliff. She had managed to slow a descent that might otherwise have been much quicker and more damaging, by grabbing as best she could at the slippery, greasy rocks that protruded from the angry slope. A few seconds later she lay sprawled in the darkness at the bottom of the rocky slide, muddy but uninjured. She sat up in the total darkness, pulled herself hard back against the wall of the tunnel and waited for George to roll in after her. She waited, but there was nothing, not a sound.
“George,” she called.
No reply.
Lillian called his name repeatedly but there was no response. She tried climbing back up the slope, but it was hopeless. In time, she sat and cried. Where was George? What had happened to him? She felt sure he had also fallen, but where was he?
At last, she decided her best bet was to continue on, with luck get some help, and send somebody back in for George. The tunnel resumed its course, Lillian treading carefully though the dark should it fall away again. In total blindness she fumbled on. She fumbled clumsily through the pitch black for what felt like an eternity. But then, at last, in the distance ahead of her, the dull yellow glow of an electric bulb - and another beyond that, and then another. Her step quickened as further still there glowed a fuller, more confident light. She ran as best she could to its source, where away in the distance she saw it burning strong and white, pouring in through an open doorway at the tunnel’s end.
She had made it. She was out.
About the time Lillian took her first tentative steps into the Hargreaves mansion, George came to. He awoke, blinked open his eyes, saw nothing. For a brief moment he thought he was waking in his bed. That was until the cold sludge beneath him, that had worked its way in through his clothes and had chilled his back, and the water that still dripped against his forehead, reminded him of his dire situation. For a few moments he continued to lie there, to gather his wits, to try to assess where exactly he was, where Lillian was too. Once more, he called her name. There was nothing, and so with all the strength he could summon, he screamed it. There was still nothing. He felt a terrible emotion rise from the pit of his stomach. From there, it wrapped its tentacles around his heart, tightening, crushing it like a vice. Finally, it broke from his mouth in a pitiful wail. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he lay unmoving. Once again, as so often before, he believed Lillian was dead.
In the next few minutes, George rolled himself out of the mud and onto his feet. His body ached in all the usual places, though more intensely this time, the long and tumbling fall having inflamed the discomfort and adding a few scrapes and bumps of its own. He needed his injection but knew he could never perform the feat in the dark. Regardless, he felt for the bottle of Menzadine in his pocket. There was nothing but dampness and shards of glass. The bottle had smashed when he fell.
He staggered away in the dark, stooped, crushed under the weight of the darkness, dragging Bonny along beside him. The path was flat again. It even rose slightly from the depths where he had lain. The floor beneath his feet dried out, became loose, almost sandy. He had no idea where he was. It was so very dark. What had become of the electric bulbs? Where was he going? His groans were now a bodily function as he summoned all his effort to keep going, wherever that might lead.
He got to a point where he had to stop. The effort was just too great. He had come barely a hundred yards from where he had lain unconscious. His head thumped with pain. There was something sticky down one side of his face and in his hair - his blood, drying on the warmth of his skin. He felt the wound under his hairline and realised only then his good fortune that no bones in his body were broken. All his limbs still worked, though under sufferance. He pulled Bonny close to him, felt the cold lump inside the bag that was she, and cried again for Lillian. His head fell back against the cold black wall, his eyes falling shut. His head buzzed with pain, buzzing in his ears. A minute to rest, maybe two.
His eyes opened and again he stared into the pitch black that had so enveloped him. It was tangible; he could feel it. The darkness, so thick and black, it pressed against his skin. It pushed him back against the wall and down, and without owning the strength to fight it, his eyes shut one more time and his tired head lolled to the left. A minute passed, then two, then five, all the while his mind floating between consciousness and some other place, some place more peaceful.
 When he opened his eyes again, he found the need to squeeze them quickly into focus, for somewhere, way ahead of him in the dark - he could not tell how far - there was a tiny sliver of horizontal light. He rolled himself onto his left elbow, realising then that the tunnel ahead veered slightly to the right. He now had a better view. Yes, a sliver of light, like that from the crack beneath a closed door. He got to his feet, his body popping in every joint, it having almost seized in the short moments of his stillness.
With Bonny in hand, he staggered away, drawn to the light. Quickly, the crack of light grew wider and brighter, then appeared faintly as vertical lines on either side and across the top as well. Yes, it was a doorway, and as George drew within twenty feet of it, it gently lit the tunnel in his vicinity.
He fell against the door, crying tears on the timber. Tears of joy, tears of sorrow - he knew not which. Perhaps tears of relief as well.
He felt for the knob and turned it. With a nudge, the door swung inward and the light flooded out, burning his eyes. An electric bulb glowed brightly on the far wall of a small, square room. In the centre of the low ceiling was an open manhole with a set of steps, like a permanent ladder, leading up to it. George struggled to pull himself up the few steps, Bonny unsettling his balance as he did. Although the distance was short, he almost fell twice. At last, his head pushed up through the hole and a long, lit passageway opened up. George recognised the style of the mansion. He was back.
With a strength he had thought was gone, he pulled himself and Bonny up through the hole and sat for a moment in the middle of the passage. His body trembled from his exertions, the buzzing in his ears so apparent in the silence all around him, for the mansion, like the tunnel, was deathly quiet. He got to his feet and stumbled forward along the passage, again feeling that strange sense of familiarity he had felt before, despite this not being part of the house in which he lived. This was part of the forbidden zone, the section Enoch used for himself. Surely that might be good, he thought. It might mean he was near the laboratory. And if that was the case, he might be able to get some more Menzadine.
He came to the end of the passage. It turned to the right. He could either go straight ahead or up the stairs. The laboratory had been upstairs, so up he went. It took some minutes for him to make his way, gripping the banister and dragging his exhausted body upward, one excruciating step after another. He no longer had the strength to support Bonny, and her lifeless body banged against each step as he climbed.
He topped the stairs and rounded a bend in the upper passage. The third door along he recognised as the entrance to the laboratory. At that point George was thinking nothing of the consequences should he meet with somebody. He just needed to sit, and to inject his arm with Menzadine.
There was nobody anywhere, nobody in the passageways - some of the lights were on, but that was not uncommon throughout the mansion - and nobody in the laboratory. George placed the bag containing Bonny in the doorway of the room. He then staggered across and fell into a chair alongside the cupboard he knew to house the supplies of Menzadine.
After a moment’s rest he opened the cupboard, and with hands still trembling, lifted out a bottle of the wonder drug. He found a new syringe and a needle. He was having great trouble in his efforts to control the apparatus, his body racked with fatigue, with hunger, with pain.
He knocked over the Menzadine bottle, more than half of it running out all over the bench before he could again right it. Finally, George had drawn the approximate dosage into the shaking syringe. He pointed the needle skyward. It shook in the light of the ceiling bulb. He slowly pushed the plunger to eject the air. Then, with a jittering, jerking action, he swung it down and into his arm. He winced, as twice he stabbed himself from his uncontrollable movements, then finally the needle found its spot and he plunged the contents home.
George sat for a minute or two in his quavering state, without so much as the strength to extract the needle. Then came the tingling sensation, the wonderful moment that signalled the drug taking its effect. His head lolled back and he closed his eyes, the needle still in his arm, his hand nearby, ready to extract it in due course. The extremities of George’s body buzzed and hummed as the drug worked its magic, the pain dissipating, the medicine declaring war and stamping its dominance. In time, too, his trembling subsided.
He pulled the needle from his arm, lifted himself from the chair, and took from the cupboard some more bottles of Menzadine, as well as syringes and needles, and put them in his pockets. Although the pain was not completely gone, it was suitably masked. The part that remained was more the effect of fatigue and hunger. He knew then it was time to leave that part of the house, to find his way to the kitchen, for there Ruby would feed him, give him back his strength, scold him for his misadventures, cry a little perhaps, but most of all, listen to his tale of Lillian. Hopefully then she would help him find out what had happened to her.
George was about to leave when his eyes fell, as they had before, on the mysterious tank of fluid. It sat across the room from him, just as it had days before, sat atop the table and was still covered over with a cloth. “What can it be?” he asked himself. It was something that he knew he needed to find out. He had to see what it was that needed to be hidden, that so needed to be covered over in such an already secret place.
With legs that at last felt they could carry him, at least for a while, he crossed the room, took the cloth by its corner and hoisted it up. At first, he saw nothing, just a murky, amber fluid that was difficult to see through, being so stained and discoloured.
Then slowly, as he focused on what seemed to be a deep mass within the dark sea of discolouration, he spied what he thought was a human face. George’s head jerked back at the realisation of what might have been in the tank. A moment later, the initial shock gone, he moved his own face back toward the glass. His eyes followed along the length of the tank, making out, though vaguely, what he took to be the naked body of a human being. The vision he saw through the murky fluid was unclear and there were few, if any, truly recognisable features. As he continued to stare, desperately trying to verify or negate this new and darkening fear, his feelings of certainty came and went. Perhaps it was an animal, a pig or a monkey.
But no, as finally, through the murk, the face established itself as being that of a human being, and it was in that same moment, the very moment when George’s terrible belief was confirmed, that a second realisation redoubled his horror.
The face was that of Enoch Hargreaves. It came to George in a fleeting moment, when those parts of the face that could be seen, each separated within the murk, were momentarily fused together and aided by imagination. As quickly as the image flashed through his mind it was gone again, yet he had no doubt of what he had seen. He trembled and fell back against the wall, unable to look away from the macabre tomb before him.
He held his face in his hands, believing, then disbelieving that the body in the tank could be that of his brother. But he then remembered having been in the laboratory before, having seen the tank covered up, just as it had been moments ago, and Enoch in discussion with Bledlock in the garden outside.
So, how could this be Enoch? The tank had been covered over on the previous visit, so surely the body was already there. And yet, if the body in the tank was not that of Enoch, then whose body was it? 
George got to his feet, his legs uncertain beneath him, his hands quivering from the shock of his discovery. He remembered the papers, the notes he had seen when last he was in the laboratory. Perhaps they could shed some light. He returned to the bench near the Menzadine cupboard. There they were, stacked up just as they had been. He took them and sat back in his original chair with the intent of reading them through.
Slowly, George turned the pages. Some papers were only scrawls, mere notes jotted down during the moment of one experiment or another. Others were more thoughtfully written out, with detailed analyses, drawings and chemical symbols, many of which George felt a familiarity with but did not understand.
The writings were generally confusing, George referring forward and back through the records, trying to gain a grasp of what everything meant. There were pages upon pages detailing experimentation on frogs and piglets. There were drawings, and even photographs, of apparent newborns, and progressive shots as each animal developed. In almost every instance, George saw that horrible deformities were present, each subject becoming more hideous as the poor creature grew.
The word essence kept coming up, and each time it did, it sparked the same vision in George that it had before, when the word had suddenly come upon him during his previous visit to the laboratory. He saw himself extracting the essence from a frog, through a syringe. He wondered what it meant, and so read further.
Although most of the writings were complex and beyond his full comprehension, George at last began to put together, in his mind, that which had gone on in the laboratory, the nature of Enoch’s work. It appeared that Enoch was creating new life from the dead and preserved bodies of other creatures - the frogs and pigs. George turned his attention again to the photographs and at the progressive deformities of the creatures therein. Obviously, these were the creations, the new animals Enoch had made, made from the essence of the others.
George got to his feet, opened one of the cupboards he had seen on that first day, then stared in wonder at the pathetic dead examples preserved in fluid - the source of the essence. One frog in particular seemed to be staring eerily back at him, its face hard against the glass, its lifeless body suspended in the same familiar, murky fluid.
Suddenly he turned back and faced the tank. Realisation had dawned. George now understood the ultimate goal of Enoch’s work. It was surely to create human life from the essence of another. Why else would a human body be preserved as the frogs and piglets had been? The little animals were merely a stepping stone on the way to Enoch’s greater goal. But who was it in the tank, the face that so looked like Enoch himself? Again, George lifted the cloth and tried to see. The face this time had all but vanished in the murk, vague and indistinguishable. And yet his previous vision, partly seen, partly pieced together, flashed again through his mind.
He returned to the notes, a terrible uneasiness building within his already strained self, a dark enveloping cloud falling ever lower, seeming destined to burst forth and rain down upon him. Slowly, George turned the pages, went beyond the pigs and frogs to a series of notes that related to Bledlock, the gardener. There were photographs of Bledlock in amongst detailed notes, notes that told of how the essence was drawn from Bledlock and used to create his mirror.
Bledlock was the first instance of the use of live essence, the notes said. George then discovered a number of photographs of his so-called mirrors, the first being a frighteningly deformed creature, barely recognisable as human, and which, in the photograph, appeared to be dead. The pictures that followed took George even more by surprise, as he recognised the next subject to be the unfortunate creature he and Lillian had come across in the tunnel. The first photo showed what appeared to be a young Bledlock. The notation read, Number Two - Bledlock’s second mirror, four weeks. The photographs that came thereafter, taken at weekly intervals, showed a rapidly ageing and deteriorating subject, with skin that wrinkled and folded upon itself, a body that grew horrible lesions, the end result a grotesque and misshapen individual, clearly recognisable as the pitiful creature seen shackled in the tunnel. The likeness to Bledlock was, by then, almost lost.
George was beginning to feel numb, shocked by what he was uncovering. The worst, though, was yet to come, as he peeled back yet another page and unearthed an entire section centred on him. And from that moment on, everything became clear. That which was not plainly written, or shown by photographic evidence, could be deduced. The further George read, the further sank his heart. The entire, horrible truth was revealed to him.  
Enoch Hargreaves, rightful owner of Hargreaves Estate, medical doctor and scientist in his own right, lay dead in a glass tank of formaldehyde. As it turned out, George had never known him. The man he had taken to be Enoch was in fact Enoch’s brother, and George had been the victim of a huge and terrible deception. As for George himself, a shocking realisation dawned upon him. He saw himself from that moment on as nothing more than a science experiment, the mirror of a dead man. There had never been an accident where he had fallen under the wheels of a buggy. There was no memory loss because there had been no memory to begin with. George saw now why everything he knew had to be learned from the beginning, why the fog that had shrouded his mind was not brain injury or memory loss, but was, in fact, a new and burgeoning intellect.
George saw, too, that he was dying, and dying rapidly. There seemed no way to stop that, nothing in the notes to suggest that a cure for the terrible trade-off of rapid ageing had been found. There was just Menzadine, a mask for the pain but not a cure for the cause. No - George was dying.
He dropped the papers and rested his tired face in his hands. His heart was caving in. He had been a good man in a very short time, compassionate, caring, and a hero to Lillian Filby, not that any self-congratulation ever crossed his mind. All George had known was that he had been ill, damaged by an accident that was nobody’s fault. He had patiently awaited his recovery, had delighted in what had seemed to him to be incremental improvements in his condition and in particular the state of his mind. He had thought that his memory was returning and that his recovery, at least mentally, was imminent. Instead, however, the essence of Enoch had existed within him, and had brought with it the hints of memories, none of which were his.
George howled audibly into his hands, then slowly pulled them away. The tears ran down his face as he gazed up at the ceiling.
“A monster,” he cried. “A monster.”
He stepped back to the glass tank and saw the shadow of Enoch Hargreaves looming deep in the fluid. The tears were still in his eyes.
“That I dreamed of happiness,” he wept.
He covered over the tank, so as to leave it as he found it, then moved to the window. He looked out beyond the gardens; the morning sun was rising, a light mist now hanging over the maze. The sun sparkled in the tops of the distant trees of Cavendish Forest. How beautifully the leaves sparkled in the morning light.
In time, George stumbled from the laboratory, having collected Bonny from the floor. He had already decided that which he would ultimately do. But first he would make his way out through the hidden panels and back into the part of the house that had been his home. When he emerged into the upper passageway, he was struck by the utter silence. He stood for a moment, then made his way along as quietly as he could. He realised then that even the clock near the laboratory had not tolled in all the time he had been so occupied.
Slowly, he made his way down the stairs, listening for the sounds of movement in the house. But there was nothing. There was no sound of Ruby in the kitchen, no sign either of Crawford going quietly about his duties.
He stepped from the bottom of the last flight of stairs, confused as to where everybody was. It was then that he saw the mess of muddy footprints that had dried and left lumps of dirt in the passage. He noticed, too, that the prints appeared to emerge from under the stairway itself, seemed to come directly from the wall. From there they were spread in a chaotic manner all the way into the dining room, where they merged together in the area around the table.
George looked about, then back at the prints. He wondered what had happened and why the house was empty. Where was Ruby, at least? She was always nearby. Then, on the table, he saw a journal. He went to it and read the words on the outer cover - Cavendish and District Constabulary.
He opened the book, struggled a little with some of the opening text, but soon realised it belonged to the police. He turned to the most recent entries. The writing was scratchy and difficult to read. Some words George did not understand, but several others jumped out at him, short passages like, Hargreaves held. There was another passage too, that read, Dr Carlisle from Cavendish called in to treat Mrs Filby, as she is found to be in need of medical attention.
George went weak at the knees and took a seat at the table. Tears built in his eyes. Lillian had made it out. She was alive.
George wept and read the passage again.
He read further: Miss Stapleton and Mrs Filby assisting with enquiries and accompanying officers to Cavendish. Full search of Hargreaves Estate to follow.
George continued to cry tears of joy, then tears of sorrow as he knew he would never re-unite with Lillian. His body was failing fast and his destiny he had already determined. The last injection had now almost completely worn off. He reached into his pocket, drew out the Menzadine and re-injected himself. The flesh was beginning to break away and disintegrate in the region of the injections. George rubbed gently at the skin after removing the needle. He saw that it rubbed away, flaky and translucent like rice paper.
The familiar tingling came over him; he felt his joints loosen somewhat and he got to his feet. He stood, still looking down at the police journal. It seemed almost to have been left behind deliberately so that George would know that his work was now done, that Lillian Filby had been saved from the maze.
He replaced the journal on the table, exactly where it had been, but then lifted it again, knowing he could not leave it behind. He would want to read those passages again. Torn from the journal, he left one sheet on which he wrote a single word - George. He then placed the journal in the bag with Bonny, took some food from the kitchen and headed for the front door.
As he stood with the bag in his arms on the steps of Enoch’s great mansion, as the warm sun rose higher overhead and the distant forest still gleamed, tears rolled down George’s face. He did not want to die. But what could he do? He buried his face in the bag that held the little dog, that held the journal and the food, and cried into its hessian weave. If only he could live. If only he could live and perhaps be loved by Lillian. But even if he was able to live on, how could Lillian be expected to love a monster, a creation? How could she love a monster the way she had loved Joey, the way Joey had loved her? It could never be, and the time had now come to leave.
George took with him his bundle and headed away from the mansion.
With daylight as his aid, he passed through the fields that skirted the Hargreaves Estate, found his way around and beyond the great maze. As he approached the Cavendish Forest, with the farthest reaches of the maze close by, as the maze spewed east and the forest grew west, it became unclear where one ended and the other began. Finally, George passed from the fields and into the forest, a lone black raven perched high on an overhanging branch, his only witness.

Conclusion - Ruby’s letter to Lillian.

Miss Ruby Stapleton
Hargreaves Estate
via Cavendish
22nd February 1909.

My dearest Lillian,
I trust this letter finds you well. The winter snows have covered the land around Cavendish and the days are now cold and bleak. I imagine it is little different in Scarsdale. I hope your parents are well and that you are all taking care.
My life is now a lonely one with Crawford gone. Sadly, Morag has been institutionalised and I am the only one here these days, although the new gardener does pay me visits. He normally comes twice a week and hails from Cavendish. He is a decent, Scottish chap, with a family. In the next few weeks, I should hear some news with regard to who shall inherit the Estate. In the meantime, the trustees have asked me to stay on as caretaker and housekeeper.
I do hope you are getting over your ordeal. I feel terribly for you, for the hardship you have experienced, and if I can ever be of any help, you must feel free to contact me. Please, do not hesitate. Of course, you are certainly most welcome to visit, although I suspect Cavendish holds too many sad memories for you, and though it pains me to add to these, I do have some news, that being the main reason I write.
First, let me tell you that Bledlock was discovered a few days ago, bludgeoned to death in his prison cell, and tomorrow Hargreaves goes to the gallows. It would seem that Bledlock was first into hell after all, and I trust the pair will burn there eternally. Much more importantly, though, I have news about George. I am afraid the news is sad, Lillian, but you must be told. After everything you have been through, you have the right to know.
As you know, George survived his fall in the tunnel, the note he left on the dining room table being proof of that, but nobody could ever say what became of him afterwards, from the time he left the mansion. In the weeks that followed, a police journal was handed in to the Cavendish Constabulary, and was identified as the one thought to have been left at the mansion. It was found in the forest, and so it was surmised that George had headed there.
As you well know, Lillian, Cavendish Forest is a dark and tangled place, and people have oft been lost in there. The police journal contained information relating to the case, but it also would have confirmed to George your own safe exit from the tunnel system. That information must have been a great comfort to George, so insistent had he been prior to his disappearance that you, Lillian, were lost in the maze and must be rescued. This would appear to be the reason he took the journal. It was found atop Brierly Hill, a point that overlooks the plains below. Perhaps it had been a place where George had sat to read it. Why he left it behind is unclear, as his lodgings have been found. He had camped in a neck of the woods some little ways from that point, and perhaps, in his declining condition, had simply forgotten to pick up the book when he returned.
As I have said, Lillian, the snows have covered the land around Cavendish, and last week a man and a woman walking in the snow did happen upon George’s body. It would appear that he had sheltered close by, in what was probably the lean-to built by your husband, Joey. His body was frozen in the snow and his arm was reaching out in the direction of his simple home. He was broken and frail, and although we knew he was dying already, it would seem it was the cold that actually killed him. He was a beautiful man and my heart breaks for him. He was so like our dear Enoch, from whom he was drawn, both in looks and in manner.
It is sad that I bring you this news, Lillian, and perhaps the door is now closed on a dark chapter of our history. There is, however, one final piece of information I feel you must have and I trust it will bring you some peace. There was, alongside the lean-to, a small mound of earth, and at its end, a rock. Into that rock was carved a single word. It read - Bonny.

Do take care, Lillian, and write soon.
Your friend always, Ruby.

###

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed this, please check my other works on Smashwords.

